ARTICLE

The newest version of the Republican health care bill exempts Congress members, their families, and their staff from the most unpopular, and life-threatening, provisions, but they don’t seem to care about protecting others, especially the poor.
The bill would allow states to repeal some provisions of the Affordable Care Act, such as protections covering people with pre-existing medical conditions and requiring insurance companies to pay for prescription drugs and mental health treatment reported The Hill.
But a GOP amendment would maintain those protections for members of Congress and their own families and staff members.
Democrats quickly called out the selfish hypocrisy, arguing that Republicans are willing to take away protections for the general public, but not themselves.
“The best evidence yet that the new GOP repeal plan is a disaster for people’s health care is that the GOP exempted members of Congress from living under it,” said Leslie Dach, director of the Protect Our Care Campaign, one of the main groups fighting repeal.
Some Republicans still remain opposed to the current plan, and a Washington Post/ABC News found 70 percent of Americans want protections for pre-existing conditions to apply nationwide.
If the government is actually “of the people, by the people, for the people”, then it seems like the people should be listened to. We cannot allow Trumpcare to be approved like this.  It is so bad that even Congress exempted themselves from it.  Let this be a wake up call for anyone that thinks these people are actually out for the best interests of Americans.



ARTICLE

The Trump family has taken a completely different approach than Clinton planned when it comes to conflicts of interest and “donations” from corporations and foreign governments.
During the 2016 presidential campaign, the Clinton Foundation pledged that it would stop accepting foreign donations and corporate donations if Hillary Clinton became president, according to Raw Story.
“Should Clinton win the White House in November, the foundation will accept donations only from U.S. citizens and independent charities.”
Now it seems that First Daughter Ivanka Trump is starting her very own foundation that she will operate while working inside the White House, and she’s already securing money from foreign governments.
Axios’s Mike Allen reports that Ivanka Trump has started building a “massive fund” whose goal is to “benefit female entrepreneurs around the globe.” One source even tells Allen that “Canadians, Germans and a few Middle Eastern countries have already made quiet commitments” to the fund, as have “several corporations.”
Allen said that President Donald Trump is a big supporter of Ivanka’s plan, and he says that Trump has already started talking with World Bank Group President Jim Yong Kim about how to get the foundation off the ground “in a big way.”
During the campaign last year, President Trump routinely attacked the Clinton Foundation for accepting donations from foreign governments during Hillary Clinton’s tenure as secretary of state. Trump has again shown his hypocrisy and his support of 1 rule for him and his family/allies, and another for those he would call enemies.



ARTICLE

US President Trump’s latest 180° change comes at the expense of the truth, freedom of the press, freedom of information, and Julian Assange’s freedom. In another brilliant display of hypocrisy, Trump went from praising Wikileaks, when they released information on Clinton during the campaign, to wanting Wikileaks destroyed.
Candidate Trump said he loved Wikileaks, “I hate Wikileaks” is what President Trump says after he is in danger of alienating more of his hardcore supporters that are furious about the multitude of broken campaign promises which they are coming to realize were nothing more than lies from a man that would say anything to become president.
Ron Paul is calling out Trump for going after Wikileaks. According to The Ron Paul Institute, Paul said, “if we allow this president to declare war on those who tell the truth, we have only ourselves to blame.”
“I love Wikileaks,” candidate Donald Trump said on October 10th on the campaign trail. He praised the organization for reporting on the darker side of the Hillary Clinton campaign. It was information likely leaked by a whistleblower from within the Clinton campaign to Wikileaks.
At that time, he praised Wikileaks for promoting transparency, but now that he is president, Trump no longer wants transparency.
The candidate praised whistleblowers and Wikileaks often on the campaign trail. In fact, candidate Trump loved Wikileaks so much he mentioned the organization more than 140 times in the final month of the campaign alone! Now, as President, it seems Trump wants Wikileaks founder Julian Assange sent to prison, reported Mint Press News.
Anonymous “intelligence community” sources reported that the Trump Administration’s Justice Department was seeking the arrest of Assange and had found a way to charge the Wikileaks founder for publishing classified information without charging other media outlets such as the New York Times and Washington Post for publishing the same information.
The CIA Director show his true colors and what he thinks of whistleblowers that expose illegal and unethical behavior.
Trump’s condemnation of Wikileaks came just a day after his CIA Director, Michael Pompeo, attacked Wikileaks as a “hostile intelligence service.” Pompeo accused Assange of being “a fraud — a coward hiding behind a screen.”
Pompeo’s word choice was no accident. By accusing Wikileaks of being a “hostile intelligence service” rather than a publisher of information on illegal and abusive government practices leaked by whistleblowers, he signaled that the organization has no First Amendment rights. Like many in Washington, he does not understand that the First Amendment is a limitation on government rather than a granting of rights to citizens. Pompeo was declaring war on Wikileaks, according to MPN.
Pompeo also shows his republican hypocrite colors, it is not only Trump, when he supports Wikileaks providing damning information about democrats, but not republicans.
But not that long ago Pompeo also cited Wikileaks as an important source of information. In July he drew attention to the Wikileaks release of information damaging to the Clinton campaign, writing, “Need further proof that the fix was in from President Obama on down?”
 
julian Assange should be considered a hero, someone willing to be a whistleblower and fighter for freedom of the press, which is guaranteed by the US Constitution. Even though he knew he was putting himself in danger, he still fought to get information to the people. That is not a coward as Pompeo says, that is someone who supports the constitution and the freedoms it declares for us.  Those trying to take away those freedoms are like those the founding fathers fought for freedom. Freedom of the press is not something that only applies when it supports your “side”.



ARTICLE

This Republican judge has chosen to stand for justice rather than stand with his fellow Republicans that chose an unscrupulous path to power.
In an unexpected response to a power-grab by Republicans in the North Carolina legislature, a Republican judge resigned to stop GOP efforts to steal power from the Democratic Governor.
The Charlotte Observer reports that following today’s surprise resignation by Republican Judge J. Douglas McCullough, Democrat John Arrowood was sworn in. Judge McCullough worked as a staffer for Senator Harrison Schmitt (R-NM) before being appointed by President Ronald Reagan as United States Attorney in the eastern district of North Carolina.
Since Democrat Roy Cooper was elected Governor of North Carolina last fall, the Republican Legislature has been trying to take away much of the authority of the governor’s office. But with a simple resignation letter Monday morning, Judge McCullough has shown not all Republicans are willing to follow the unethical actions of the legislative Republicans.
The republicans sought to deny the Governor of 3 scheduled appointees to the Court of Appeals.
“North Carolina has a mandatory retirement age for judges. To prevent the Democratic Party governor from appointing replacements for Court of Appeals judges nearing forced retirement, the Republican Legislature passed a bill to shrink the size of the court from 15 to 12 judges — thereby denying the Democrat of three scheduled appointments,” reported Raw Story.
The legislation was vetoed on Friday, but a veto override was expected Monday night.
However, before the legislature could vote to override Governor Cooper’s veto of House Bill 239, Judge McCullough resigned 36 days prior to his forced retirement. This allowed the appointment of Judge Arrowood at 9:45 a.m. Monday morning.
“I did not want my legacy to be the elimination of a seat and the impairment of a court that I have served on,” Judge McCullough explained.
It is great to see someone standing up for justice even when it cost him his job and probably some of his retirement benefits. It is rare that people go against their political party, even when it means doing the right thing.



ARTICLE

Instead of being beside his wife as she gave birth, James Reiner spent what was supposed to be one of the happiest moments of his life behind bars. For the seemingly innocent act of speeding to get his wife Dana to the hospital in a timely manner while in labor, James was met by a police officer who in a huge abuse of power, and not wanting to hear any explanation simply exclaimed to the panicked couple: ” I will shoot you, you [expletive]” and threatened James with a taser. Dana begged to be let go while screaming in pain, and James tried to reason with the officer but later found himself arrested- it was not until fifteen minutes later that the officer sought medical help for Dana, and an excruciating 20 minutes after that help finally arrived.
As reported by Shareably:
When the sirens of the police car went on, the woman called 911 to explain the situation and ask for assistance. The operator on the other line told her that it’d be best to stop the car and explain the situation to the police officers.
Unfortunately, the police officers didn’t want to hear any of it. They brutally asked her husband James Reiner to lay on the ground and when he tried to explain his actions and tell them that their wife was pregnant, they simply didn’t care. They even treated him as a dangerous criminal. “I will shoot you,you [expletive]”.
When he asked the cops to stand up and look after his screaming wife, they shouted to stay on the floor. The officers were clearly taking their time with the situation and were even taunting the man. Fifteen minutes later, they finally call an ambulance for Dana. “Now you’re going to be in jail when your kid gets born”, one of the agents said.
As if that wasn’t enough, one of the police agents even threatens to use a taser on the man. When he asked his colleague if the man had already been tased, he responded with “Well, it’s not too late yet.”
Twenty minutes later, an ambulance arrived and helped Dana give birth to a healthy baby girl. As for James, he was arrested and charged with ‘invading an officer’.
James was in jail when their baby boy was born, but both of them said that the most important thing was that the baby was healthy.
In an era where fortunately almost everything is recorded, dashcam footage of the incident surfaced and backed up the Reiner’s explanation of events. When taken to court, the matter was ruled in their favor having reached an undisclosed settlement with the officers in question.
What do you make of the whole situation, what should be the consequences that the involved officers should be meant to face? Should there be exceptions to breaking the law if it is a matter of health and saefty, was it a gross abuse of power on law enforcement’s part, or where they just uphold the laws on the books? Share your thoughts with us in the comment section below.




ARTICLE

After spending over $13 million last year for lobbying, Dow Chemical thinks is will be just fine, even though science has proven even tiny amounts of its pesticides cause brain damage to children.
Chlorpyrifos, diazinon, and malathion are pesticides that are huge money-makers for Dow Chemical, with the company selling approximately 5 million pounds of chlorpyrifos in the U.S. each year, according to the Associated Press.
The company has run into a problem now, and it’s not the fact that the pesticide was “originally derived from a nerve gas developed by Nazi Germany,” though that’s certainly not great for marketing materials. the current problem is a group of studies by federal scientists have found that chlorpyrifos, diazinon, and malathion are harmful to almost 1,800 “critically threatened or endangered species.”
Historically, groups like the Environmental Protection Agency would want to avoid killing frogs, fish, birds, mammals, and plants, which is why the regulator and two others that it works with to enforce the Endangered Species Act are reportedly “close to issuing findings expected to result in new limits on how and where the highly toxic pesticides can be used,” the AP reports.
Fortunately for Dow, the EPA is now run by climate-change denier and supporter of profits over life, Scott Pruitt, who last month said he would reverse “an Obama-era effort to bar the use of Dow’s chlorpyrifos pesticide on food after recent peer-reviewed studies found that even tiny levels of exposure could hinder the development of children’s brains.” And of course Dow Chemical C.E.O. Andrew Liveris is friends with President Donald Trump. So, you can see how the company, which the AP reports also spent $13.6 million on lobbying last year, might feel like it is in the clear.
According to the AP, lawyers representing Dow and two other companies that manufacture the pesticides in question (known as organophosphates) have sent letters to the heads of the E.P.A, the Department of Commerce, and the Fish and Wildlife Service, asking them to “set aside” the results of the studies, claiming that they are “fundamentally flawed.” Not surprisingly, the scientists hired by Dow “to produce a lengthy rebuttal to the government studies” have come up with diverging results.
In addition to Pruitt’s long history of aligning “himself in legal disputes with the interests of executives and corporations,” Dow has another reason to be hopeful the government will conveniently ignore any lingering concerns about killing off entire species, according to the AP: Andrew Liveris is a close adviser to Donald Trump who was literally standing next to the president in February when he signed an executive order “mandating the creation of task forces at federal agencies to roll back government regulations.”
Dow also donated $1 million to underwrite Trump’s inaugural festivities, the AP reports, but of course that was simply because they are a company that loves America and wanted a beautiful inauguration with a  yuge crowd. It had nothing at all to do with bribery so they the company could continue to legally poison Americans and cause brain damage to children in order to make massive profits.



ARTICLE

For those that questioned whether the UN was actually helping people or if they were up to no good, it looks there is justification for the doubts. The AP has revealed a child sex ring being operated by UN peacekeepers in Haiti. Naturally, many people are skeptical there will actually be justice for these terrible crimes against children.
The UN has voted to end its peacekeeping mission in Haiti, but U.S. Ambassador to the U.N. Nikki Haley said the mission had been a nightmare for many Haitians. She cited an Associated Press report that gave a graphic description of UN peacekeepers sexually abusing homeless children.
NPR reported Haley said, “One boy was gang raped in 2011 by peacekeepers who disgustingly filmed it on a cell phone. What do we say to these kids? Did these peacekeepers keep them safe?”
The U.N. men who came from a far-away place and spoke a strange language offered the Haitian children cookies and other snacks. Sometimes they gave them a few dollars. But the price was high: The Sri Lankan peacekeepers wanted sex from girls and boys as young as 12, reported The Independent.
“I did not even have breasts,” said a girl, known as V01 — Victim Number One. She told UN investigators that over the next three years, from ages 12 to 15, she had sex with nearly 50 peacekeepers, including a “Commandant” who gave her 75 cents. Sometimes she slept in UN trucks on the base next to the decaying resort, whose once-glamorous buildings were being overtaken by jungle.
These victims rarely see justice for the terrible crimes committed against them. An AP investigation of UN missions during the past 12 years revealed nearly 2,000 allegations of sexual abuse and exploitation by peacekeepers and other personnel around the world. Over 300 of the allegations involved children, but few of the alleged perpetrators served jail time.
The UN has no legal jurisdiction over peacekeepers, leaving punishment to the home countries of the troops.
The Independent continued the report:
The AP interviewed alleged victims, current and former UN officials and investigators and sought answers from 23 countries on the number of peacekeepers who faced such allegations and, what if anything, was done to investigate. With rare exceptions, few nations responded to repeated requests, while the names of those found guilty are kept confidential, making accountability impossible to determine.
Without agreement for widespread reform and accountability from the UN’s member states, solutions remain elusive.
Here in Haiti, at least 134 Sri Lankan peacekeepers exploited nine children in a sex ring from 2004 to 2007, according to an internal UN report obtained by the AP. In the wake of the report, 114 peacekeepers were sent home. None was ever imprisoned.
In March, UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres announced new measures to tackle sexual abuse and exploitation by UN peacekeepers and other personnel. But the proclamation had a depressingly familiar ring: More than a decade ago, the United Nations commissioned a report that promised to do much the same thing, yet most of the reforms never materialised.
The children in Haiti continued to be passed around between UN soldiers while these promises were being made and broken. And in the years since, peacekeepers have been accused of sexual abuse the world over.
The UN’s head of field support said Wednesday, in response to the AP investigation, the international body was aware of shortcomings in the system.
“We believe we are advancing in the right direction, especially with the secretary-general’s new approach,” said Atul Khare who heads the UN department in charge of peacekeeper discipline and conduct. “Improving the assistance provided to victims, who are at the heart of our response, is fundamental.”
Mr Khare also said the organisation was working with member states to hold perpetrators to account.
In one particularly grim case in Haiti, a teenage boy said he was gang-raped in 2011 by Uruguayan peacekeepers who filmed the alleged assault on a cellphone. Dozens of Haitian women also say they were raped, and dozens more had what is euphemistically called “survival sex” in a country where most people live on less than $2.50 a day, the AP found.
Haitian lawyer Mario Joseph has been trying to get compensation for victims of a deadly cholera strain linked to Nepalese peacekeepers that killed an estimated 10,000 people. Now, he is also trying to get child support for about a dozen Haitian women left pregnant by peacekeepers.
“Imagine if the UN was going to the United States and raping children and bringing cholera,” Mr Joseph said in Port-au-Prince. “Human rights aren’t just for rich white people.”
US Senator Bob Corker agrees. The Tennessee Republican, who chairs the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, has been calling for reforms in the United Nations. He may well get them under President Donald Trump, whose administration has proposed a 31 percent reduction to the US foreign aid and diplomacy budget. Mr Corker and UN Ambassador Nikki Haley want a review of all missions.
Mr Corker recalled his disgust at hearing of the UN sexual abuse cases uncovered last year in Central African Republic.
“If I heard that a UN peacekeeping mission was coming near my home in Chattanooga,” he told AP, “I’d be on the first plane out of here to go back and protect my family.”
The UN needs to take action and make sure these people are held accountable for their crimes. How can anyone trust UN troops if they are allowed to take advantage of children and commit terrible acts against them that could destroy their future?



ARTICLE

With supplies too high to justify a 4000% price increase, a major pharmaceutical company decided to destroy medication so they could make more money off people dying from cancer. This disgusting behavior is unfortunately not unexpected from the unscrupulous industry that seeks massive profits from the sick, weak, and elderly. The employees even called the price-gouging a cause for celebration.
Leaked internal emails show employees at one of the world’s leading pharmaceutical companies calling for “celebration” over price hikes of cancer drugs, an investigation has revealed.
Using the basic principles of how supply and demand affect price, staff at Aspen Pharmacare reportedly plotted to destroy stocks of life-saving medicines during a price dispute with the Spanish health service in 2014, reported The Times.
After purchasing five different cancer drugs from British firm GlaxoSmithKline (GSK), the company tried to sell the medicines in Europe for up to 40 times their previous price.
In 2013, the price of one pack of a chemotherapy drug called busulfan, used to treat leukaemia, rose from £5.20 to £65.22 in England and Wales, according to The Times.
Four other drugs, including leukeran and melphalan also had massive price increases.
In a confidential email published by The Times, an Aspen employee wrote: “We’ve signed new reimbursement and price agreement successfully: price increases are basically on line with European target prices (Leukeran, a bit higher!)… Let’s celebrate!”
When bargaining over drug prices in Spain, the pharmaceutical giant is said to have threatened to stop selling the cancer treatments unless the Health minister agreed to price rises of up to 4,000 per cent, reported Spanish daily El Confidencial Digital at the time.
Now another leaked email appears to reveal that staff at Aspen discussed destroying their supplies of the drug in the row, reported The Independent.
The Independent continues: The company, which is based in South Africa and has its European headquarters in Dublin, bought the five drugs from GSK in 2009 as part of a deal worth £273m.
The price increases were made possible by a loophole that allows drug companies to change the price of medicines if they are no longer branded with the same name.
The Department of Health has said it plans to cut generic drug costs after researchers said there has been a sharp increase in the price of cancer drugs in the last five years, leading to their use being restricted in the NHS.
The loophole is designed to make drugs cheaper once their patents have expired – but if drug companies have no competition, they are free to rise prices as well.
It is “worrying” that several drug companies have increased the price of cancer treatment, a senior pharmacology research fellow at the University of Liverpool, told the BBC.
A ruling by the Italian competition watchdog found Aspen had taken an “aggressive” approach to negotiations in the country.
According to The Times’s investigation, the company said it would stop supplying Italy with the drugs in October 2013 if authorities did not agree to price rises of up to 2,100 per cent in three months.
A Department of Health spokesperson said new laws were being introduced this year allowing the Government to “take action against excessive price rises on unbranded generic medicines.”
“No pharmaceutical company should exploit the NHS,” they said.
“We are working closely with the Competition and Markets Authority on unwarranted price rises of unbranded generic medicines, and where companies have breached competition law, we will seek damages and invest that money in the NHS.”
Do you believe drug companies should be allowed to act the way Aspen has? Let us know your thoughts in the comments below!



ARTICLE

A recording of an interview between North Miami Police Chief Gary Eugene and the Florida Department of Law Enforcement investigators proves North Miami Police Officer Jonathan Aledda was told by another officer on the scene that there was no weapon, only a toy, but he still shot unarmed behavioral therapist Charles Kinsey on July 18, 2016.
The hourlong recording was obtained by the Miami New Times Tuesday, and it reveals that after the shooting, an assistant chief lied repeatedly to Chief Eugene, and City Manager Larry Spring ignored vital evidence in the shooting.
The crime scene was mismanaged, and city government and the police department were “in disarray and plagued by infighting,” according to The Miami New Times.
Cellphone video of Kinsey, who was caring for an autistic man, being shot in the leg while he had his hands in the air made the incident a part of the national conversation on the Black Lives Matter movement. Kinsey lay prone on the ground, begging officers not to shoot him prior to being hit, reported The Root.
Even though the officer knowingly shot an unarmed submissive man laying prone on the ground, eight months after the shooting and four months after state investigators have closed their probe, Miami-Dade State Attorney Katherine Fernandez Rundle has yet to file any charges.
Ed Griffin, a spokesperson for Rundle’s office, told the New Times, “We are very close to coming to a decision.”
Emile Hollant is a North Miami police commander who was suspended after the shooting and is suing the city over his discipline.
Aledda’s actions were justified by union officials who said he thought the autistic man with Kinsey had a gun and not a toy truck, but Eugene’s interview with FDLE directly contradicts that.
“I heard the shooter, Officer Aledda, make a statement to the nature of, ‘Be advised, I have clear shot [at] subject,’” Eugene can be heard saying in the recording, describing the audio of the police radio just before the shooting. “Later on, a sergeant … got on the air and said, ‘I have a visual, it is a toy. Is it a toy? QRX.’ That means, ‘Stand by, don’t do anything.’ Then, there is a conversation back and forth. The next transmission was by [another officer saying] ‘Shot fired!’”
“The scene was a mess, to be honest with you,” he tells investigators of the Kinsey shooting. “People were walking all over the place. Thank God [Kinsey] did not die. I realized I have a problem with the training of my staff. We’re talking about some 15- or 16-year veterans, but in North Miami, a 15- or 16-year veteran may have less experience than a two-year cop in Miami.”
This police department obviously has deep troubles. False reports, shooting an unarmed man laying on the ground, corruption and co-workers plotting against each other. While we do not know if the proecutor will do anything with the new evidence, hopefully the new police chief will be able to “clean house” and whip them into a respectable group that actually serves and protects the public.



ARTICLE

The problem of police brutality around the nation is a known fact. While it is almost to be expected, what one has come to expect from peace officers is that a certain level of compassion is to be extended to children and their abuse of power surely, does not extend to minors. Unfortunately for anyone who’s held this belief, it is simply a fact that everyone, even our children are fair game for rogue power hungry officers.  In a new viral video capturing two white NYPD officers are seen taunting two black children as they walk down the street.  The video was posted by Associate Professor of Sociology at Brooklyn College Alex S. Vitale and “shows two police officers trying to get kids away from the corner of Bedford Avenue and Campus Road on March 16.” Officers intimidated the students with batons and threats of tasering.
As The Grio Reports:
These cops appear to be aggressive with the teens, one of them while holding his police baton.
“What are you going to do about it?” One asked a teen as they walked right behind him.
When one of the students picked up a handful of snow, one of the policemen pulled out his taser and asked, “do you want to ride the lightning?”
You can’t hear what the student said in reply but the cop says, “You better walk away!”
It is unclear if the cops were responding to a call but even if they were, their actions are questionable.
“The whole interaction seemed like an abuse of authority,” said Vitale.
A spokesman for the NYPD has stated that they are aware of the video and the incident is under internal review.
NYPD guidelines clearly state that tasers should generally not be used on children.
Watch the video below to draw your own conclusions. Do you think that the police used abuse of power when handling the situation with these students? Was the situation as reported, or do you think the matter was just blown out of proportion? Join the discussion below.




ARTICLE

Former South Korean President Park Geun-hye, who was removed from office earlier this month, faces at least 13 charges after having businesses donate to a fraudulent Foundation in exchange for political favors.
She also shared highly classified State secrets with a female aide with whom she had an intimate relationship. Police arrested her before she could destroy or tamper with the evidence, according to Reuters.
By using propaganda, she fooled the people of South Korea into believing she was a champion of progress and human values. When they uncovered the truth, however, millions of people took the streets and demanded she step down and be arrested.
Because the people stood together and were unwaivering in their realistic demands for the sake of the people of the country, those things happened.
 
CNN reported “The suspect abused the mighty power and position as President to take bribes from companies and infringed upon the freedom of corporate management and leaked important confidential official information,” said the statement from the Seoul Central District Prosecutor’s Office.
It was also reported that she was involved in occult activity or rituals during which she believed entities were taking “complete control” of “her body and mind.”
The Seoul Central District Court gave prosecutors permission to proceed with the arrest now that she has been impeached.
Despite her crimes against people, some of her die hard supporters (mostly elderly people who may not have been aware of the news) were still calling her “president.”
They tried to block the convoy of cars so that she couldn’t be taken to jail. Police pushed those people aside and continued with the arrest.
She is expected to be charged with several counts of bribery and abuses of power. Just one bribery conviction can result in life imprisonment in some cases.
Park Geun-hye was reportedly taking millions in “donations” from businesses, though the businesses said they felt forced to give it to her.
She was South Korea’s first female president and also the first president to be impeached and locked up with the possibility of life imprisonment.
South Korean police are being hailed as heroes for doing the right thing. They wasted no time arresting her, as they feared she would try to destroy the evidence.
Watch the video below:

(Article By Jeremiah Jones)



ARTICLE

In their ongoing saga to cut SNAP, many Republicans call unemployed adults freeloaders straining the system because they choose not to work. They are even twisting a Bible verse to make it fit what they choose to believe.
Resistance Report reported Rep. Jodey Arrington (R-TX) was at least the third Republican to use the biblical passage 2 Thessalonians 3-10 as a reason to cut access to food stamps.
During a House hearing on nutrition this week, Arrington asserted that God demands lawmakers practice compassion—except when it comes to the poor having food.
“He says even when we were with you we give you this rule, ‘If a man will not work he shall not eat.’ And he goes on to say ‘We heard that some of you are idle.’ I think that every American, Republican or Democrat wants to help the needy among us. And I think it’s a reasonable expectation that we have work requirements. I think that gives more credibility, frankly, to SNAP,” Arrington declared.
As Resistance Report points out:
Putting aside the irony of talking about the importance of compassion in one sentence and then going on to say jobless people deserve to starve in the next, that Bible verse is actually not even addressed to the poor.
2 Thessalonians is one of many letters that St. Paul wrote to early members of the Christian church. The verse is referring to early Christians who were neglecting the Lord’s work because they believed the apocalypse was coming soon.
“The sin is sloth, indolence, inactivity,” said Al Mohler, the president of the Southern Baptist Theological Seminary. “This is not an issue of inability. I don’t think it has been, in the history of the church.”
The issue of “inability” isn’t discussed much on the conservative side of the food stamp debate. Arrington and many other Republicans often make it a point to shame those on the program as leeches of society who are too lazy to work.
Out of all who participate in SNAP, 64% are unable to work because they are elderly, disabled, or children. 22% do work full time. Only 14% of beneficiaries work less than 30/hrs a week, are unemployed, or are registered for work.
 
USA Today reports, recipients get between $1.40 and $1.90 per meal.
Here are a couple more bible verses for anyone who is not sure if the biblical teaching is to help the poor or take a crap on the poor:
Do not exploit the poor because they are poor and do not crush the needy in court, for the Lord will take up their case and will exact life for life. — Proverbs 22:22-23
If anyone has material possessions and sees a brother or sister in need but has no pity on them, how can the love of God be in that person? Dear children, let us not love with words or speech but with actions and in truth.  — 1 John 3:17
It is amazing that these Republican lawmakers even twist Bible verses to justify taking food from the poor. I don’t think Jesus would be very proud of wealthy people taking food away from the poor,  that is kind of the exact thing he fought against.



ARTICLE

Blue privilege strikes again as a Texas assistant police chief received only a warning after he was stopped by a fellow officer speeding at 92 mph in a 65-mph-speed zone.
The interim chief ordered his subordinate be issued a ticket.
But that was more than a month after the incident only after the Austin American-Statesmen obtained dash cam video showing Austin Assistant Chief Chris Mcllvain racing to a basketball game in a city-owned vehicle during off-duty hours according to PINAC.
Despite this incident, Interim Austin Police Chief Brian Manley stated during a March 28 press conference he believes his department has a history and culture of holding officers accountable.
“I think that we’ve got a culture and a history now of holding officers accountable,” Manley told reporters .
“We regularly arrest officers when they commit violations as we would a citizen under similar circumstances.”
The interim chief opened an internal affairs investigation last week that has since concluded, but stated that civil law prohibits him from discussing the outcome since it didn’t result in any sort of suspension.
Assistant Chief Mcllvain will, however, have to pay a $195 fine.
PINAC continued their report on the incident:
Interim Chief Manley, who took over the department when Hubert “Art” Acevedo departed for the job as Houston’s police chief just weeks after promising to clean up the department, held a press conference and discussed why he ordered Mcllvain be issued a ticket.
“I met with the officer who stopped Chief Mcllvain. And in a conversation I had with him about the incident I explained to him that–although I understood how uncomfortable that that may be stopping an assistant chief in that way–I asked him whether or not he would’ve handled that the same way if it were a citizen or somebody else. Would they have received a warning?”
“The officer indicated they would not have, so I let them know that he would need to issue a ticket to Chief Mcllvain. Because, uh, again, we have to hold ourselves to the same standard as we would anybody else in this community.”
Mcllvain, who oversees the department’s professional standard’s division, was headed to Waco to watch a Baylor basketball game with his son on February 18 when Austin cop David Montalvo clocked him at 92 mph and began pursuing the speeding assistant chief, who was driving a city-owned vehicle.
After catching up with Mcllvain, the interaction lasted less than 30-seconds when Montalvo obviously recognized who he’d just pulled over.
During the pursuit, before realizing the identity of the driver, Mcllvain can be heard saying to himself, “still flying.”
When officer Montalvo approaches Mcllvain’s vehicle it’s not clear what he initially says, but the pair can be heard laughing just before Montalvo tells his superior, “yeah, I’ll probably come back.”
But Montalvo never walks back to his police cruiser.
“How fast was I going?”
“Well, the first reading was 92 and it locked in at 88.”
“Holy mackerel.”
“That’s the only reason I chased you down.”
Mcllvain explains he was driving to see the game.
“That ought to be fun,” Montalvo says as Mcllvain apologizes and they both laugh.
“Take care buddy.”
Video shows Montalvo walk back to his patrol car with his head down.
“I expect officers of this department to comply with the law, whether it be criminal or traffic laws, just like we expect the citizens to,” Manley said during the Tuesday press conference.
Manley told reporters police have to be sure they’re using discretion in a reasonable and consistent manner regardless of a person’s characteristics or occupation.
“I also took this as an opportunity to send a message to the entire department explaining to them the incident that occurred, the actions that I’ve taken and the importance that we and the department hold ourselves accountable to the same level that we’re holding the citizens of Austin accountable and those that we work with.”
According to the Austin Police Department’s website, APD’s professional standards division’s mission is to review officer involved critical incidents and investigate complaints received on sworn and non-sworn employees of the Austin Police Department.
Austin police still hasn’t released the department’s video of an incident involving Zachary Anam, a shoplifting suspect who allegedly shot himself while his hands were cuffed behind his back in the rear seat of an officer’s patrol car.
Watch the dash cam video of the assistant chief’s traffic stop below:

How likely is it that a non cop would have been let go with no ticket after being caught doing 92 in a 65? This incident only reinforces the idea of 1 law for them and another, harsher, more strict law for us…unless they get caught on video and they are willing to release the video after someone knows about it.



ARTICLE

Retired Lt. Gen. Mike Flynn says he will tell his story if he is not prosecuted for whatever crimes he may have committed.
The Wall Street Journal reported Flynn told the FBI and congressional officials he is “willing to be interviewed in exchange for a grant of immunity from prosecution.”
Flynn worked for Trump’s campaign and was appointed as National Security Advisor, with top secret access to classified intelligence documents. He was forced to resign after it was revealed he discussed U.S. sanctions on Russia with Moscow’s ambassador before Trump took office. Flynn has also come under scrutiny for his ties to Russian operatives and businesses.
Flynn has been unable to find anyone to agree to the deal according to WSJ.
“General Flynn certainly has a story to tell, and he very much wants to tell it, should the circumstances permit,” Flynn’s attorney Robert Keher said in a statement.
“Out of respect for the Committees,” he continued. “We will not comment right now on the details of discussions between counsel for General Flynn and the House and Senate Intelligence Committees, other than to confirm that those discussions have taken place. But it is important to acknowledge the circumstances in which those discussions are occurring.”
Keher blames the media for Flynn’s desire for immunity rather than blame Flynn for his own actions.
“Notwithstanding his life of national service, the media are awash with unfounded allegations, outrageous claims of treason, and vicious innuendo directed against him,” the statement closed. “He is now the target of unsubstantiated public demands by Members of Congress and other political critics that he be criminally investigated. No reasonable person, who has the benefit of advice from counsel, would submit to questioning in such a highly politicized, which hunt environment without assurances against unfair prosecution.”
His full statement is below:
 
Statement from Flynn’s atty seems to acknowledge seeking immunity, explaining it’s necessary in “highly politicized, witch hunt environment” pic.twitter.com/IH7ZVLwLnw
— Kenneth P. Vogel (@kenvogel) March 30, 2017



ARTICLE

It is not only oil companies Trump is opening national parks to, it is now fair game for coal companies as well. This could devastate our national parks and refuges.
Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke has begun the process of complying with President Trump’s executive order, ending the federal government’s moratorium on coal mining leases on federal land.
 
Zinke signed the repeal on Wednesday while surrounded by fellow Republicans and lobbyists.
The Hill reported Zinke said the repeal means the Bureau of Land Management can now resume the process of allowing new coal-mining leases on its land under the guise of increasing energy independence.
 “Rather than doing the social cost of carbon, you have to look at the social cost of not having a job too. All of us want clean air and clean water. And we’re going to make sure we ensure that.  This is also a full-scale review, looking at making sure we support the president’s objective of the energy independence policy.”
 
Environmental groups slammed the Trump administration’s policy, and Earthjustice and a coalition of other green organizations sued Interior immediately over the coal leasing order after Zinke signed it.
“No one voted to pollute our public lands, air or drinking water in the last election, yet the Trump administration is doing the bidding of powerful polluters as nearly its first order of business,” Earthjustice attorney Jenny Harbine, the lead litigator in the case, said in a statement.
“Our legal system remains an important backstop against the abuses of power we’ve witnessed over the course of the past two months,” she said. “That’s why we’re going to court to defend our public lands, clean air and water, and a healthy climate for all.”
In February, the GOP wrote legislation to repeal regulations to the the National Park Service’s ability to oversee private oil and gas companies that want to operate in split-estate national parks where the government owns the parkland, but can lease the mineral rights underneath the land for extraction.
Zinke’s fellow Republican, Sen. Steve Daines (R- MT), was one of those present to witness the historic rollback.
 “Coal is such an issue for us back home. We have more recoverable coal than any state in the United States. It’s been a huge source of jobs, economic growth and, importantly, tax revenues for our schools and infrastructure. So this is good news for Montana and good news for America.
Experts also doubt that Trump’s policies will have any significant effect on job creation or energy independence.
The Trump administration continues to destroy our country for the sake of corporate profits. This endeavor will create few jobs, and will destroy national parks and wildlife refuges while increasing carbon emissions which contribute to global warming.  This seems like a bad move for a lot of reasons.



ARTICLE
 

Over a mere two decades, the Pentagon lost track of a mind-numbing $10 trillion — that’s trillion, with a fat, taxpayer-funded “T” — and no one, not even the Department of Defense, really knows where it went or on what it was spent.
Even though audits of all federal agencies became mandatory in 1996, the Pentagon has apparently made itself an exception, and — fully 20 years later — stands obstinately orotund in never having complied.
Because, as defense officials insist — summoning their best impudent adolescent — an audit would take too long and, unironically, cost too much.
“Over the last 20 years, the Pentagon has broken every promise to Congress about when an audit would be completed,” Rafael DeGennaro, director of Audit the Pentagon, told the Guardian recently. “Meanwhile, Congress has more than doubled the Pentagon’s budget.”
Maybe.
Because, without the mandated audit, the DoD could be purchasing damned near anything, at any cost, and use, or give, it — to anyone, for any reason.
Officials with the Government Accountability Office and Office of the Inspector General have catalogued egregious financial disparities at the Pentagon for years — yet the Defense Department grouses the cost and energy necessary to perform an audit in compliance with the law makes it untenable.
Astonishingly, the Pentagon’s own watchdog tacitly approves this technically-illegal workaround — and the legally-gray and, yes, literally, on-the-books-corrupt practices in tandem — to what would incontrovertibly be a most unpleasant audit, indeed.
Take the following of myriad examples, called “plugging,” for which Pentagon bookkeepers are not only encouraged to conjure figures from thin air, but, in many cases, they would be physically and administratively incapable of performing the job without doing so — without ever having faced consequences for this brazen cooking of books.
To wit, Reuters reported the results of an investigation into Defense’s magical number-crunching — well over three years ago, on November 18, 2013 — detailing the illicit tasks of 15-year employee, “Linda Woodford [who] spent the last 15 years of her career inserting phony numbers in the U.S. Department of Defense’s accounts.”
Woodford, who has since retired, and others like her, act as individual pieces in the amassing chewed gum only appearing to plug a damning mishandling of funds pilfered from the American people to fund wars overseas for resources in the name of U.S. defense.
“Every month until she retired in 2011,” Scot J. Paltrow wrote for Reuters, “she says, the day came when the Navy would start dumping numbers on the Cleveland, Ohio, office of the Defense Finance and Accounting Service, the Pentagon’s main accounting agency. Using the data they received, Woodford and her fellow DFAS accountants there set about preparing monthly reports to square the Navy’s books with the U.S. Treasury’s – a balancing-the-checkbook maneuver required of all the military services and other Pentagon agencies.
“And every month, they encountered the same problem. Numbers were missing. Numbers were clearly wrong. Numbers came with no explanation of how the money had been spent or which congressional appropriation it came from. ‘A lot of times there were issues of numbers being inaccurate,’ Woodford says. ‘We didn’t have the detail … for a lot of it.’”
Where a number of disparities could be corrected through hurried communications, a great deal — thousands each month, for each person on the task — required fictitious figures. Murkily deemed, “unsubstantiated change actions” — tersely termed, “plugs” — this artificial fix forcing records into an unnatural alignment is common practice at the Pentagon.
Beyond bogus books, the Pentagon likely flushed that $10 trillion in taxes down the toilet of inanity that is unchecked purchasing by inept staff who must be devoid of prior experience in the field of defense.
This tax robbery would eclipse the palatability of blood money — if it weren’t also being wasted on items such as the 7,437 extraneous Humvee front suspensions — purchased in surplus over the inexplicable 14-year supply of 15,000 unnecessary Humvee front suspensions already gathering warehouse-shelf dust.
And there are three items of note on this particular example, of many:
One, the U.S. Department of Defense considers inventory surpassing a three-year supply, “excessive.”
Two, the stupefying additional seven-thousand-something front suspensions arrived, as ordered, during a period of demand reduced by half.
Three, scores of additional items — mostly unaccounted for in inventory — sit untouched and aging in storage, growing not only incapable of being used, but too dangerous to be properly disposed of safely.
Worse, contractors greedily sink hands into lucrative contracts — with all the same supply-based waste at every level, from the abject disaster that is the $1 trillion F-35 fighter program, to the $8,123.50 shelled out for Bell Helicopter Textron helicopter gears with a price tag of $445.06, to the DoD settlement with Boeing for overcharges of a whopping $13.7 million.
The latter included a charge to the Pentagon of $2,286 — spent for an aluminium pin ordinarily costing just $10 — the irony of whose 228.6 percent markup cannot be overstated.
Considering all the cooking of numbers apparently fueled with burning money stateside, you would think Defense channeled its efforts into becoming a paragon of economic efficiency when the military defends the United States. Overseas. From terrorism. And from terrorists. And terrorist-supporting nations.
But this is the Pentagon — and a trickle of telling headlines regularly grace the news, each evincing yet another missing shipment of weapons, unknown allocation of funds, or retrieval of various U.S.-made arms and munitions by some terrorist group deemed politically less acceptable than others by officials naming pawns.
In fact, so many American weapons and supplies lost by the DoD and CIA become the property of actual terrorists — who then use them sadistically against civilians and strategically against our proxies and theirs — it would be negligent not to describe the phenomenon as pattern, whether or not intent exists behind it.
Since practically the moment of nationalist President Donald Trump’s inauguration, the ceaselessly belligerent of the military-industrial machine have been granted a new head cheerleader with a bullhorn so powerful as to render calls to apply the brakes effectively, if not unpatriotically, moot.
Sans any optimistic indication thus far lacking from the Trump administration it would reverse course and move toward, rather than against, transparency, the painstaking audit imperative to DoD accountability remains only a theory — while the Pentagon’s $10 trillion sits as the world’s largest elephant in apathetic America’s living room.
For now, we know generally where our money is going: war. Which aspect of war — compared to the power of your outrage about its callous and reckless execution in your name — matters little.



ARTICLE

The NYPD arrested one of their own after he was busted masturbating while peeping into a child’s window.
New York City Police Detective Robert Francis, 46, was in Rockville Centre police custody charged with public lewdness and endangering the welfare of a child after he was arrested him at 2:30 a.m. on Sunday, according to Pix 11.
His blue privilege allow him to be released on a desk appearance ticket, which means he did not have to post a bond and was freed from jail with a mere promise to appear in court at a later date to face the charges against him.
The NY Daily News reported Francis is a serial offender charged with 4 counts of public lewdness
 
Francis’ arrest comes shortly after a rash of reports from several Rockville Center residents reporting a naked man trolling through back yards, knocking on windows then using a flashlight or forehead light to expose himself to children.
Callers reported the man was naked from the waist down. Police have not said whether he is linked to those previous incidents or specified how they determined the detective was the suspect reported.
According to reports, shortly after highlighting his lewd acts, the man described as being 5-foot-10 and weighing about 220 pounds, took off running.
Three incidents were reported in February between 8 and 9 p.m.
Detective Francis was located shortly after the call and arrested just a few blocks away from the scene.
Earlier this month, Charles Gennario, the Rockville Centre Police Commissioner, stated he believes reports of the man are connected.
“This is raising our level  of concern now,” Genneario said on Sunday.
A call from a Rockville Centre homeowner Sunday prompted Francis’ arrest.
The caller told authorities a he could see a man masturbating in his backyard.
NYPD confirmed Francis, who is employed by the 71st precinct in Brooklyn, has been suspended without pay.
Police are now trying to determine if Francis is the suspect callers described in previous reports and are looking into whether they can add more charges to the list of charges he now faces.
Francis is assigned to the 71st Precinct stationhouse in Crown Heights, Brooklyn. He has a wife and daughter and earns $9,832 per month, according to bankruptcy filings. Despite his rank, he was assigned to patrol, and he was not well-liked, a police source said.
Francis used to work in the NYPD’s Internal Affairs Bureau, but was moved out after officials determined he put in for 17 hours he didn’t work, the source said.
Anyone with information is urged to call the Rockville Centre Police Department at 516-766-1500.



ARTICLE

Federal investigators are examining whether far-right news sites played any role last year in a Russian cyber operation that dramatically widened the reach of news stories — some fictional — that favored Donald Trump’s presidential bid, according to a new report.
The Hill reported the probe is focused on discovering whether Russian operatives used conservative outlets to help spread stories favoring now-President Trump, McClatchy said Monday after confirming with two people familiar with the inquiry that the FBI’s Counterintelligence Division is driving the investigation.
The sources said Russian operatives seemingly strategically timed computer commands called “bots” to blitz social media with pro-Trump stories. Many of the stories were simply fake news meant only to deceive people into having a better opinion of Trump and a worse opinion of Clinton, his opponent. Some of the stories were a mixture of fake and real news, but again they had the purpose of deceiving people into liking Trump.
These media blitzes were set to go out whenever Trump started struggling in the polls against Clinton.
McClatchy’s sources said the bots mainly created millions of Facebook and Twitter posts linking to articles on far-right websites including Breitbart News, InfoWars and the Kremlin-backed RT News and Sputnik News.
Federal investigators are now examining whether the far-right news organizations took any actions aiding Russian operatives. The bots could have amplified pro-Trump news on Facebook and Twitter without the knowledge of the media outlets.
“This may be one of the most impactful information operations in the history of intelligence,” one former U.S. intelligence official told McClatchy, speaking on the condition of anonymity due to the matter’s sensitivity.
FBI Director James Comey earlier Monday confirmed the Department of Justice (DOJ) is scrutinizing Russia’s meddling in the 2016 race, including any possible ties between Moscow and officials from Trump’s election campaign.
“As you know our practice is not to confirm the existence of an ongoing investigation,” he said during a House Intelligence Committee hearing.
“But in unusual circumstances where it is in the public interest, it may be appropriate to do so,” Comey added, noting the DOJ had authorized him to break bureau policy and publicly disclose the probe.
“This is one of those circumstances. I can promise you we will follow the facts wherever they lead.”
Comey said the FBI investigation started in July 2016, long before the election.



ARTICLE

A vicious assault of a Black postal worker at the hands of vigilante police officers caught on surviellance video has been investigated and concluded with the officers walking away scot free.  One of the officers- Angelo Pampena had “allegedly filed a false affidavit claiming that the fight broke out” after the postal worker’s car was “found parked in front of a hydrant. The surveillance video shows he was parked legally, officials said.” Despite the cops clear perjury, no consequenes will been seen in this case. The true reason for the clash is believed to be an act of vigilantism on the officer’s part, as the postal worker- Karim Baker, had unwittingly given directions to the whereabouts of two police officers who were later murdered to their would-be killer.
As reported by NyDailyNews.com
A Queens judge on Thursday cleared a pair of cops accused of brutally beating a postal worker who unwittingly gave directions to a gunman who murdered two police officers.
The plainclothes officers, Angelo Pampena, 32, and Robert Carbone, 30, faced up to seven years in prison on charges that they violently assaulted postal worker Karim Baker on Oct. 21, 2015.
But Queens Supreme Court Justice Michael Aloise cleared the cops an hour after the attorneys gave their summations.
Their cases were sealed and dismissed.
Pampena and Carbone hugged their attorneys as people in the courtroom were stopped from clapping. The detectives were met with applause from supporters in the hallway outside the courtroom.
“We are gratified by the judge’s decision,” Pampena’s attorney, James Moschella, said. “These officers went out there in good faith and we feel the verdict is not only a vindication of their acts, but the brave actions of all New York City police officers day in and day out.”
Detectives’ Endowment Association President Michael Palladino agreed.
“From the beginning, this appeared to be an overzealous prosecution not supported by the facts, so I appreciate the verdict,” Palladino said.
Prosecution was not overzealous. The facts were clear and supported by video evidence, even proving an officer commited perjury. The fact that law enforcement are celebrating this victory paints the clear picture that they are out to protect themselves, and not the taxpaying citizens who pay their salaries whom they are sworn to serve.
Baker, 27, said the verdict leaves him frightened.
“I’m just very disappointed,” said Baker, adding he thinks a jury trial would have produced a different outcome.
Baker has every right to feel unsafe. Having been the clear target of vigilante officers who have now gone unpunished- Baker must feel he has to live his life while constantly looking over his shoulder. If clear and concise evidence cannot protect ordinary citizens from the corruption of police, is it any wonder why Baker and many other people feel unsafe and are distrustful of cops? What are your thoughts on the case? Join the discussion in the comments section below.
 



ARTICLE

Blue privilege doesn’t save this ex-cop after he was caught stealing $2,823 dollars in fees paid to the department’s impound lot.
On Wednesday, a judge  sentenced a former Cleveland Heights police officer and military veteran to two years in prison for his crimes. He faced a maximum sentence of three years in prison.
Common Pleas Judge Kathleen Sutula heaped scorn on 30-year-old Lamont Darden, called his actions “deplorable” and said the U.S. Marine Corps veteran tarnished both law enforcement and the military, according to Cleveland.com.
“It’s sad that you thought you were above the law,” she said as a Cuyahoga County sheriff’s deputy led him away in handcuffs. “You’re not.”
Darden, 30, pleaded guilty last month to one count each of tampering with records and theft in office in the months-long scheme in which Darden, then a basic patrol officer, stole at least $2,823 while he was assigned to the department’s impound lot last summer.
Cleveland.com continued the report:
Darden was assigned to the window where people paid to get their towed cars back. At least 20 times between April and August of last year, Darden pocketed cash, trashed the paperwork and let the person go home with the car.
The scheme was uncovered when a Cuyahoga Metropolitan Housing Authority police officer pulled over the driver of a car that was listed as still being impounded. The driver handed police a receipt that showed they paid the impound lot fee to get their car released. CMHA police then called Cleveland Heights police, who immediately launched an internal investigation.
When confronted by a detective, Darden admitted that he took money, but said he only did it twice, and took no more than $500, according to his statement.
Investigators then uncovered at least 20 cars that were released with no records during Darden’s shifts, and tallied the thefts to $2,823. Assistant Cuyahoga County prosecutor Matthew Meyer said it’s possible that investigators did not find all of the thefts Darden committed, and called the dollar amount “conservative.”
Darden cashed out his retirement fund from the city and repaid the city through his lawyer, Tyresha Brown-O’Neil, on Wednesday morning.
Darden, who served multiple tours in Iraq and Afghanistan, had fallen into near financial ruin in the months before he started the theft. His home was burglarized in April, and the thief stole his department-issued handgun and handcuffs, as well as electronics. Police also discovered paperwork that showed Darden was on the verge of bankruptcy.
“I was on hard times,” Darden told Sutula. “I’ve never been in trouble and you’ll never see me again.”
Meyer points out that police officers need to be held to a higher standard, they are being paid good money to uphold the law.
“This is not just a case of a man in financial distress who was stealing to make ends meet,” Meyer said. “This is a much greater problem. We have a police officer who needs to be held to a higher standard.”
The sentence was stiff, compared to other police officers who faced similar charges as Darden, as Cleveland.com points out.
Former Timberlake Police Chief David Phillips pleaded guilt in Lake County Common Pleas Court in 2014 to the same charges as Darden, theft in office and tampering with records. Phillips altered payroll records to pay himself more than $24,000 extra over the course of a year, The News-Herald reported. He only received 6 months in jail for stealing more than 10 times the amount Darden did.
And Cuyahoga County Judge Shirley Strickland Saffold sentenced retired Warrensville Heights police detective Andre Harmon in 2015 to three years in prison, after Harmon admitted to stealing drugs and $40,000 in seized cash from the department’s evidence locker, filing false inventory reports and hiding them under his front porch.
Meyer approves of the sentence Darden was given and reiterates that it is vital to hold cops accountable for their crimes.
“Anytime a law enforcement officer breaks the law and does it so boldly and openly and brings his entire department into disrepute, it’s absolutely appropriate that he goes to prison,” Meyer said.
Sutula, before handing down her sentence, held up photographs that Meyer pulled from Darden’s public social media pages from a costume party he hosted four days after detectives searched his home as part of the investigation into the thefts.
The photo showed Darden and his sisters, dressed as characters from the movie “House Party,” holding up their first two fingers on each hand. Sutula asked Cleveland Heights police officers in the court if those were “gang signs.” She then asked Darden what the signs were meant to be.
“Those are peace signs,” Darden replied.
It is great to see cops being held accountable for their crimes.  They should be held to a high expectation as law enforcement officers instead of getting free passes to be corrupt.



ARTICLE

The Marines are amongst the oldest and most respected institutions in the nation. But behind the bold and brass lies a dark seedy underbelly who’s roots are deeply engrained with sexism and misogyny. Ask any woman in a male dominant field- women must work three times harder to prove herself equal to her male counterparts and women are still not making dollar for dollar what the males in their field are earning. This is perhaps why even in the nation’s most respected institutions women are still seen as sexual commodities to be consumed rather than valuable contributors in the work place.
This week it was revealed that nude photos of female marines were being circulated on a Facebook group of active duty and retired members of the United States Marine Corps. When the whistle was blown by a fellow Marine, criticism fell to the one who exposed the group more so than the one committing the violations.
Rachel Vorona Cote of Jezebel writes:
Active duty and retired members of the United States Marine Corps are being investigated for sharing nude photos of women—many of them fellow Marines—on a secret Facebook page. Some of these photographs were purportedly taken without the knowledge and consent of the subject.
According to the AP, the Defense Department has begun an investigation into a secret Facebook group entitled “Marines United” where male active duty and retired Marines, as well as Navy Corpsman and British Royal Marines convened to swap nude photos of women. Photos of unaffiliated women were circulated together with pictures of female Marines and veterans. Additional photos were shared via a Google Drive link which had a following of roughly 30,000.
The photographs have been removed and, at the request of the Marines, those social media accounts involved in file sharing were deleted by both Facebook and Google.
Marines Corps commandant Gen. Robert B. Neller has not directly addressed this scandal in his comments to the media, but did release a statement vaguely referencing it: “For anyone to target one of our Marines, online or otherwise, in an inappropriate manner, is distasteful and shows an absence of respect.”
Sgt. Maj. Ronald L. Green, the top enlisted member of the Marine Corps, was more direct. “These negative behaviors are absolutely contrary to what we represent,” he told the AP.
News of the secret Facebook group was reported by Marine veteran Thomas Brennan, who helms the nonprofit news organization The War Horse.
“We are thankful that Thomas Brennan, a Marine veteran, notified the Marine Corps and NCIS about what he witnessed on the ‘Marines United’ page,” said Capt. Ryan E. Alvis, Marine Corps spokesperson. “It allowed us to take immediate action to have the explicit photos taken down and to prepare to support potential victims.”
Yet Brennan has come under fire for exposing the group. According to the Marine Corps Times, members of “Marines United” have threatened both Brennan and his family. It was even suggested that he be waterboarded.
Brennan tells the Marine Corps Times that there’s a “bounty on pictures of my daughter…It has been suggested that my wife should be raped as a result of this, and people are openly suggesting that I should be killed…Can you imagine being one of the victims?”
Brennan showed an immense amount of courage in exposing his fellow Marines, and the backlash he and his family have received should not be how doing the right thing should be received. If this is how someone who exposes the wrongs of the military is dealt with- imagine what is going on behind closed doors and covered up, in fear of facing the same consequences and Brennan.
The article continues:
The Facebook group was littered with “obscene” comments about the women whose photos appeared there. And Brennan’s report indicates that some of the photos may have been obtained through stalking.
Those found guilty of posting explicit pictures could be charged as violators of the Uniform Code of Military Justice. Other participants—those who condoned the behavior—could also be criminally charged.
Senior Marine Corps officials are reviewing a document that briefs them on “Marines United” and outlines the course of action to follow in the wake of this horrifying report. You can read it here.
What would you do if you were in Brennan’s shoes? What do you think the consequences should be for those that violated the privacy of their fellow marines? Join the discussion below.



ARTICLE

We previously reported on the UN denouncing DAPL related human rights violations, sadistic police locking protesters in dog kennels, and abuse of free assembly rights. As well as the myriad of articles on police brutality towards the protesters.
Now, another investigator with the United Nations says the rights of Native Americans in North Dakota are not being respected by the state.
KVRR reported Victoria Tauli-Corpuz, U.N.’s special investigator on the rights of indigenous peoples. visited Dakota Access protest camps in Morton County.
She says authorities used unnecessary force and that the reports of the cleanup in the county have been blown out of proportion.
She also says the Standing Rock Sioux tribe was not consulted on major issues.
In contradiction to what has been reported in articles, pictures, and livestreamed videos, Gov. Burgum claims the state is focused on maintaining peace, protecting the environment and restoring a good relationship with the tribe.
Check here for some of the ridiculous examples of police brutality, what many would call state sponsored terrorism, against unarmed peaceful protesters.



ARTICLE

 
Indiana agencies spent over $400,000 in federal asset forfeiture funds to pay the salaries for its officers: https://t.co/UB9paJTECp
— InstituteForJustice (@IJ) February 28, 2017
The police are legally allowed to seize people’s personal property, then sell it back to them:

The nonprofit Institute for Justice estimates the program results in local police keeping around 80 percent of the property or assets seized from citizens.
Property that is seized by police, including real estate, motor vehicles, boats, aircraft, jewelry, art, antiques, and collectibles can then be sold back to the public during auctions.
 
#Illinois residents forced to cough up nearly $725mn in civil asset forfeitures https://t.co/uDRp2mkj3c pic.twitter.com/bMzDPjBeKS
— RT America (@RT_America) November 19, 2016
However, a 2014 in-depth investigation by the Washington Post found that of the $2.5 billion in cash and property seized by police nationwide between 2008 and 2014, no one was indicted in 81 percent of those cases.
RT continued the report of the investigation of the IN police:
The purpose of the federal audit of Indiana was to check if the sheriff’s office used the transferred funds for “unallowable” purposes.
Under federal rules, transferred funds from the equitable sharing program cannot be used to pay the salaries and benefits of any law enforcement personnel. The guidelines state that the rule was made to ensure that the funds do not “influence, or appear to influence, law enforcement decisions.”
The transferred funds can be used in limited cases to pay for overtime, or an officer replacing current law enforcement personnel. The funds cannot be used to pay an officer’s full-time salary.
The auditors found $313,052 of the $378,720 transferred to other law enforcement agencies in the Pro-Active Criminal Enforcement (PACE) team was questionable.
The PACE team is comprised of four local law enforcement agencies in Indiana that patrol the highways. Their purpose is to “identify, locate and apprehend individuals engaged in the trafficking of illegal narcotics into and through the state of Indiana.”
The team also claims that they have seized over $10 million in cash and illegal drugs, which they say “is reverted back to fund the salaries and equipment of the officers who are assigned to this detail.”
The audit found issues with each department and issued recommendations for each division on how to become compliant with the law.
The auditors found that the Henry County Sheriff’s Office used $178,328 of the transferred funds to pay for the salary and fringe benefit costs of a deputy assigned to the PACE team, with at least $40,875 considered to be unallowable.
They found the Greenfield Police Department did not have a separate accounting code for the transferred funds, so auditors were unable to see if the funds were being properly used.
They also found the Hancock County Sheriff’s Office used $91,562 of the transferred funds to pay for personnel costs and equipment, with at least $5,200 considered to be unallowable.
And, the audit found the Richmond Police Department used $125,819 in transferred funds to pay for the salary of an officer assigned to the PACE team, including $4,387 in overtime costs, but the auditors could not verify if the officer was ever hired by the department. They are questioning the remaining $121,432 as unallowable because the department did not comply with the laws on using equitable sharing funds for salary costs.

The misuse of these funds is a huge problem, but another even bigger problem is that so many people have their possessions stolen by police and then they are not even indicted. That is nothing more than theft by cop. Police should not have any access to money from what they steal from people,  it will only encourage police to steal more.



ARTICLE

In defiance of Freedom of the Press, the GOP is willing to threaten reporters with investigation if they pursue information regarding the Attorney General’s ties to Russia.
Rep. Devin Nunes (R-CA), chairman of the United States House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence,warned reporters on Thursday that they could find themselves under investigation if they continued to ask questions about Attorney General Jeff Sessions’ ties to Russia, reported Raw Story.
During a press conference, Nunes dismissed calls for his committee to investigate Sessions following reports that the Attorney General lied to the Senate Judiciary Committee when he said that he had no contact with the Russian government during the 2016 campaign. It was revealed on Wednesday that he actually met with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak in July and September of 2016.
Nunes encouraged reporters to turn in whistleblowers.
“I read about this in the newspaper and I see some of you talking about,” Nunes told reporters. “If you have those names [of anonymous sources], if you want to come forward as a whistleblower and bring those to us, we would greatly appreciate it. Because we would like to have those names, bring those people in.”
Nunes noted that former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn had been a private citizen when he contacted the Russian ambassador and then lied about it.
“Look, I’m sure some of you are in contact with the Russian embassies,” the congressman said ominously. “So be careful what you ask for here because if we start getting transcripts of any of you or other Americans talking to the press then do you want us to conduct an investigation on you or other Americans because you were talking to the Russian Embassy.”
“I just think we need to be careful.”
Nunes, who served as a member of Trump’s transition team, later denied that his comment was intended to threaten reporters with investigation.
“I was saying the opposite and warning against engaging in witch-hunts,” he tweeted Thursday afternoon.
Watch the CNN boadcast below:




ARTICLE

The plot thickens as the White House recently admitted to a secret December meeting with Russians at Trump Tower to “establish a line of communication” between the incoming administration and the Russian government.
NY Daily News reported President Donald Trump’s son-in-law Jared Kushner, now a senior White House adviser, and disgraced former National Security Adviser Gen. Mike Flynn met with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak in December between Trump’s election and his inauguration.
Flynn’s transition conversations with Kislyak, which included a phone call where he reportedly spoke about U.S. sanctions on Russia, ultimately led to his resignation from the administration.
The White House says that he was asked to leave after he misled Vice President Pence about what may have been discussed during the conversation.
The Daily News also reported on Jeff Sessions, who lied during a confirmation hearing about having contact with the Russians:
Attorney General Jeff Sessions said at a confirmation hearing that he “did not have communications with the Russians,” though it was revealed on Wednesday that he had met with Kislyak twice, once in July and once in September.
Trump said Sessions did not say anything wrong, but because Democrats actually paid attention to the different versions of his “alternative” facts, Trump said it was “Democrats overplaying their hand” and a “total witch hunt.”
Rightfully so, Attorney Gen. Jeff Sessions recused himself from any investigations of connections between Trump’s team and the Russian government.



ARTICLE

Fox Business used a neo-Nazi collaborator to gain support for President Donald Trump’s suggestion that Sweden was experiencing an increase in violence due to Muslim immigrants.
Just days after Fox News host Bill O’Reilly was caught deceiving people when his show falsely called Nils Bildt a Swedish national security adviser, the Swedish magazine Expo has revealed an even more disturbing deception from Fox.
Expo reported that on Feb. 21, Fox Business host Cheryl Casone asked “Swedish columnist Ingrid Carlqvist” to push back on the president’s critics without mentioning her guest’s right-wing extremist views or ties to the Swedish neo-Nazi movement.
“What the viewers are never told is that Ingrid Carlqvist has been a central player in the anti-Muslim counter-jihad movement.” Nor are the viewers made aware that she recently accused ‘representatives of the ethnic group of Jews’ in Sweden of being behind Sweden’s cultural diversity, a conspiracy theory that Swedish nazis have long promoted.”
The report continues with some of the disturbing prejudice shown by the Fox guest:
Carlqvist is known for her hard-line anti-Muslim views. In December 2016, on a podcast run by members of the violent nazi organization “Nordic Resistance Movement”, she declared that she wants to drive out all Swedish Muslims from the country. (Radio Regeringen #28, 21 December 2016.)
In recent years, Ingrid Carlqvist has moved closer to the openly racist, white supremacist milieu in Sweden. She recently declared her willingness to collaborate with the Nordic Resistance Movement, a militant nazi group.
Last year she was one of the speakers at Stockholm’s annual fascist conference “Identitarian Ideas”. She also attended this year’s conference, where a new alliance between the organizers and the American Alt-Right movement and Richard Spencer of the National Policy Institute was announced. Spencer gained international notoriety after giving a speech in praise of Donald Trump in which he yelled “Hail Trump!”, while large sections of the audience stretched out their right arms in a Hitler salute
“Jews in the vanguard of Sweden’s cruel transformation”
In February, during a presentation of her new book at a seminar in Gothenburg, she stated that the big problem wasn’t just Muslims. It was also Jews.
“It pains me, believe me, to have to state this. But those who have been the vanguard of Sweden’s cruel transformation into Absurdistan are Jews. In my naïvity, I have viewed Swedish Jews as entirely sympathetic to the fatherland. Presumably the majority is, but those who stubbornly and purposefully, in the 60s, claimed that Sweden was awful and had to change, were above all Jews.”
Why would Fox Feel the need to pass off another prejudice person as an expert? Will Trump call them out on their fake news?



ARTICLE

Seven Baltimore police officers were indicted Wednesday on federal racketeering crimes in what officials call “sweeping reform” across the police department.
One of the officers is also facing a charge for drug distribution.
NBC News reported that investigators said the crimes — some of them committed by some members of the elite Gun Trace Task Force — took place last year as the Department of Justice investigated the Baltimore Police Department for use of excessive force, among other violations. The racketeering investigation was conducted in secret over the past year as part of what officials described as a sweeping reform effort across the department.
Those indicted include Det. Momodu Bondeva Kenton “GMoney” Gondo, 34; Det. Evodio Calles Hendrix, 32; Det. Daniel Thomas Hersl, 47; Sgt. Wayne Earl Jenkins, 36; Det. Jemell Lamar Rayam, 36; Det. Marcus Roosevelt Taylor, 30; and Det. Maurice Kilpatrick Ward, 36.
Maryland U.S. Attorney Rod J. Rosenstein said these officers were targeting innocent people and robbing them.
“They were involved in stopping people who had not committed crimes and not only seizing their money but pocketing it,” he said. “These are really simply robberies by people who are wearing police uniforms.”
Baltimore City Police Commissioner Kevin Davis said the indictments were “a punch in the gut” for the Baltimore Police Department. “These officers are 1930s-style gangsters as far as I’m concerned,” he said.
Davis is pushing for reform across the police department due to their regular use of excessive force.
“Reform isn’t always pretty. It’s messy sometimes,” Davis said.
Last August, in the wake of the tumult following Freddie Gray’s death, the Justice Department issued a report that said the Baltimore police department often used excessive force and conducted unlawful traffic stops in some of the city’s poorest and predominantly black communities. As part of an agreement with the DOJ, the Baltimore police department agreed to a consent decree to install sweeping reforms, said NBC
“We wouldn’t be under a consent decree if we didn’t’ have issues. We have issues,” Davis said.
Posters detailing specific allegations from 2016 sat on either side of the podium during the press conference.
NBC continued their report and listed some of the crimes the indicted officers were accused of.
In one case, four of the officers are alleged to have stolen $200,000 from a safe and bags and a watch valued at $4,000. In July 2016, three officers conspired to impersonate a federal officer in order to steal $20,000 in cash.
Prosecutors said one officer helped a friend being tracked as part of a drug conspiracy remove a GPS tracking device placed by the Drug Enforcement Agency on the person’s car.
In another case, the officers watched a drug home for a full day and then stole $3,000 from people who later emerged from the home.
In yet another instance, an officer charged overtime while at a casino when the sergeant in charge was on vacation, the Maryland U.S. attorney’s office said. Another officer claimed overtime while vacationing in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina.
Sometimes, the officers turned off their body cameras to avoid recording what they were up to, according to the indictment.
As first reported by the Baltimore Sun, several of the officers were also highly praised in the October 2016 Baltimore Police newsletter in an article written by Lt. Chris O’Ree, a member of the ATF taskforce.
“I am extremely proud to showcase the work of Sergeant Wayne Jenkins and the Gun Trace Task Force,” O’Ree wrote. “Sergeant Jenkins and his team have 110 arrests for handgun violations and seized 132 illegal handguns.” He added, “I couldn’t be more proud of the strong work of this team.”
Rosenstein said that the investigation involved electronic surveillance and the installation of a recording device in the cars of one of the officers. He said that the recordings demonstrate “a lack of respect for the system, particularly in discussions about overtime.”
One of the accused officers reportedly said that working for the police department is “easy money.”
“I can assure you that for the officers that are doing their legitimate jobs, this is not easy money by any means,” Rosenstein said.
The president of the Baltimore City Fraternal Order of Police, Gene Ryan, found the situation very disturbing and wants to be sure the officers get a fair trial.
“We are very disturbed over the charges filed against our members by the U.S. Attorney today,” Ryan said in a statement. “These officers are entitled to due process and a fair trial in accordance with the Constitution and the laws of our state.”
Hopefully getting rid of these 7 corrupt officers will help create a better, more honest Baltimore PD that can be trusted by the people.



ARTICLE

President Trump’s paranoid conspiracy theory about murders committed by immigrants being covered up by special interest groups is being used to justify the creation of a special organization that targets people based on national origin.

In an attempt to vilify immigrants and convince people he is right in his anti-immigrant stance, Trump has announced he will form a new agency to publish a regular list of all crimes committed by immigrants.
This type of organization would only be created by someone who wants to make a particular group seem especially evil. During a speech, he revealed that he would set up a special agency for “immigrant crime”.
The agency is expected to publish a weekly list of all crimes committed by what it terms “aliens”, reported The Independent.
There is nothing to suggest this will only apply to undocumented workers, which means that anyone who was not born in the U.S. could be a victim of the organization.
Trump said in his speech:
“I have ordered the Department of Homeland Security to create an office to serve American Victims,” he said in the speech.
“The office is called VOICE — Victims Of Immigration Crime Engagement. We are providing a voice to those who have been ignored by our media, and silenced by special interests.”
Trump, The King of Fake News, rambled on and listed some people who he claimed had been killed by immigrants that he would have banned from the country.
“Joining us in the audience tonight are four very brave Americans whose government failed them,” he said.
 
Trump’s plan has disturbing similarities to the “black crime” section on the white supremacist publication Breitbart News, which published a list of offences committed by African-Americans. Trump’s chief advisor, Steve Bannon, is known for being a white supremacist and was executive chair for Breitbart before going to work for Trump.
Trump’s paranoid conspiracy theories have become a real threat to everyone, even U.S. citizens. Do not let his delusions have a negative effect on you and carefully consider any information coming from any of his special groups. He is the King of Fake News.



ARTICLE

Fox News has taken a Swedish man with no ties to Swedish government whatsoever and called him a “Swedish Defense and National Security Advisor.” He followed the Trump/Fox News agenda of spreading false information, aka “Fake News,” to vilify immigrants.
As Fox News continues to weigh in on the debate about how immigration is killing Sweden, A guest last night spoke about the problems caused by criminality in Swedish cities and suburbs. But neither the Swedish Defense Ministry nor Foreign Office have heard of the “expert.” Nils Bildt, who called for an “open and honest” debate on crime, has previously been convicted of a violent crime in the United States reported Dagens Nyheter.
President Trump’s fake terrorist attack on Sweden, based on a report Fox News, continues to drive the debate about the country in the United States. Sweden is portrayed as a nation plagued by crime and rape, in large part due to immigration.
This was the topic during the Bill O’Reilly show, where Nils Bildt agreed with Donald Trumps negative view of Sweden. Nils Bildt was labeled by Fox as a ”Swedish defense and national security advisor”, which is a total fabrication and a perfect example of “fake news.”
Marie Pisäter at the Swedish Defense Ministry says that no-one called Nils Bildt works there. ”We have no spokesman by that name”, she said. The Foreign Office also denies that he works there. ”We do not know who he is,” reported DN.
So who is Nils Bildt?
Nils Bildt is the son of Sven Tolling, well know in Swedish equestrian circles. Nils Bildt emigrated from Sweden in 1994. Nine years later he changed his last name from Tolling to Bildt, and he now runs several security companies in the United States. His last known address, according to Swedish registers, is in Tokyo. It is unclear if his companies are still in business.
Nils Bildt, who spoke on Fox News about crime in Sweden, is convicted of a violent offence himself, according to documents from Arlington General District Court in Virginia. Bildt was arrested on the 19th of June, 2014, for assaulting a law enforcement person and for obstruction of justice, after threatening an official. He was sentenced to one year in prison on the 10th of November the same year. He was also convicted of public inebriation at the same time. Nils Bildt, in an e-mail to DN, says he is ”unaware of the allegations” and therefore cannot comment.
Nils Bildt sent a short e-mail to DN  on Friday, explaining why he was given the title of ”Swedish defense and national security advisor”: ”I appeared on Bill O’Reillys’s show on Fox News. The title was chosen by Fox News’s editor – I had no personal control over what title they chose. I am an independent analyst based in the USA”, he wrote.
Johan Wiktorin, a former defense analyst at the Military Intelligence and Security Service, says that he has never heard of Nils Bildt. ”He is unknown in Sweden as an expert on national security. The depiction of Sweden as a problem country in American media is a disturbing trend.”
We must consider how weak and unsubstantiated the president’s position is on the evils associated with immigrants if he and his supporters feel the need to spread so much fake news to support their cause. If Trump was actually right on this topic, he would not need to lie to support his position.



ARTICLE

With little time left before the evacuation deadline arrives at North Dakota’s Oceti Sakowin camp, protesters on treaty land at the Standing Rock Indian Reservation have issued a plea: Come help — now!
The water protectors have endured months of police brutality, water cannon attacks in freezing temperatures, and even a previous mandatory evacuation. Last time they were ordered to evacuate they refused to leave, and they are still there.
In a viral video shared by social justice journalist Shaun King on Monday, a group of indigenous women remind viewers that demonstrations against the Dakota Access pipeline are about much more than a single issue. They’re about clean water, police brutality, treaty rights and the rights of future generations, reported News Mic.
“In the history of colonization, they’ve always given us two options: Give up our land or go to jail. Give up our rights or go to jail,” one woman says in the video. “And now, give up our water or go to jail. We are not criminals.”
URGENT.
My friends in Standing Rock just sent this to me & asked me to share it. They are surrounded by militarized police RIGHT NOW. pic.twitter.com/plR0Tfaagc
— Shaun King (@ShaunKing) February 21, 2017
Monthslong demonstrations at Standing Rock are scheduled to end Wednesday; the United States Army Corps of Engineers and North Dakota Gov. Doug Burgum have issued an evacuation order for the morning of Feb. 22, according to the official website for the Oceti Sakowin camp.
After the Army Corps of Engineers refused to approve the final permit necessary for the pipeline to do the legally required tribe consultation and environmental impact study, the companies funding DAPL construction, Energy Transfer Partners and Sunoco Logistics Partners, immediately vowed they would not back down. Many Standing Rock demonstrators, meanwhile, were skeptical of the decision to halt the project and refused to leave, even as blizzards battered Oceti Sakowin camp and a mandatory evacuation was ordered by the governor.
The protesters were right to be skeptical. During his first week in office, President Donald Trump, formerly a shareholder in Energy Transfer Partners, ordered the approval of both the DAPL and the Keystone XL pipeline. The CEO of ETP said he expected that to happen as he has “donated” over $100,000 to Trump according to Reuters.
“They’ve been trying to take us down for hundreds of years,” one woman says. “They can keep trying, and we’re still going to be here, and we need help. There aren’t many of us left.”
The protectors are asking for help immediately. Anyone able to help is being called upon to step up and stand up for human rights.



ARTICLE

The Interior Department produced a memo that called out the Army Corps of Engineers on their hypocrisy of rejecting the initial course of the DAPL but approving the path through Native American land even though the same risks exist.
“The Corps’ reasons for rejecting the Bismarck route also largely apply to concerns regarding tribal treaty rights associated with the Lake Oahe route. As such, if the Bismarck route is impermissible, the Lake Oahe route should be equally impermissible,” – Hilary Tompkins, Dept. of the Interior.
Water protectors at Standing Rock are currently surrounded by an abusive militarized police force that has committed atrocious acts of violence against them for many months now. Facing another evacuation order that the state of North Dakota and Army Corps of Engineers plan to enforce in the afternoon on February 22, the water protectors are on treaty territory, and any raid will violate their treaty rights.
During the past weeks, President Donald Trump has pushed forward with plans to grant Energy Transfer Partners an easement for the construction of the Dakota Access pipeline underneath Lake Oahe. His administration has bucked the process of reviewing the environmental impact of the project on indigenous people in order to expedite government approval of the project, which President Barack Obama brought to a halt in his final months in office, reported Shadowproof.
Toward the end of the Obama presidency, the Army Corps solicited the Interior Department’s opinion on whether or not they should respect treaty rights when it comes to approving pipeline projects.
A memo dated December 4, 2016, shows Hilary C. Tompkins, the solicitor at the Interior Department, believed the Army Corps was on solid legal ground to deny the easement. (Note: This is known as an “M-opinion,” a formal legal analysis issued by the Interior Department’s top lawyer), reported Shadowproof.
“If the Corps ultimately does decide to authorize the easement, additional tribal consultation is necessary to develop conditions for the authorization that will protect the tribes’ rights and interests in and around Lake Oahe,” Tompkins concluded.
The memo was filed in a federal court in Washington, D.C., as part of the Standing Rock Sioux and Cheyenne River tribes efforts to halt drilling under Lake Oahe. It was suspended two weeks ago by the Trump administration in an attempt to destroy positive progress made before Trump took over.
Earthjustice lawyer Jan Hasselman, who represents the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe, called the memo during an interview for E&E News “hugely significant” and indicated it could determine the outcome of the case the tribes filed in federal court.
In response to the Trump administration’s moves to make the memo disappear, “It’s more of the same we’ve seen from this administration—taking thoughtful and considered work and tossing it in the garbage.”
E&E News reported, “Interior removed the memo from the solicitor’s website last week, along with three other opinions that could affect Dakota Access.”
The memo outlined applicable treaty law. The Fort Laramie Treaties of 1851 and 1868 “established the original boundaries of the Great Sioux Reservation.” These treaties set the “eastern boundary of the reservation” as the “east bank of the Missouri River…thence along low-water mark down said east bank.” A subsequent act of Congress in 1889 removed land from the reservation and divided territory into “smaller reservations for various Sioux bands, including Cheyenne River, Standing Rock and Lower Brule.”

The eastern boundaries of the reservations for the Standing Rock and Cheyenne River reservations were set as the “center of the main channel” of the Missouri River by the 1889 Act.
The memo declared, “The tribes enjoy a right to water to support their reservation homeland.”
“For over a century, the Supreme Court has held that when the United States ‘withdraws its land from the public domain and reserves it for a federal purpose, the Government, by implication, reserves appurtenant water then unappropriated to the extent needed to accomplish the purpose of the reservation.’” These rights are referred to as “Winters rights”after a foundational case, Winters v. United States, in which the Court held that although the treaty creating the Fort Belknap Reservation was silent as to water rights, it had to be read as implicitly maintaining the Tribe’s access to water sufficient to support the purpose of the reservation (in that case, farming). Courts applying the Winters doctrine recognize that absent such implied rights, tribes would lose their water via upstream appropriation or degradation by non-Indians under state law.
Shadowproof continues to discuss how the Trump administration intends to violate the treaty rights of the tribes.
Upon review of treaty law, Tompkins indicated a “significant portion of Lake Oahe remains within the outer boundary of the Standing Rock and Cheyenne River Sioux reservations.” The tribes also have “on-reservation hunting and fishing rights in the land used to create Lake Oahe.”
Tompkins conducted an analysis of treaty law as it might relate to “off-reservation portions of Lake Oahe.” Pipeline drilling on that “may infringe upon Sioux treaty rights if the activities negatively impact on-reservation hunting and fishing.”
“The Standing Rock Sioux tribe has provided the Corps with a detailed technical review of the risks and potentially significant consequences of a DAPL leak,” Tompkins acknowledged. There is a “possibility of impacts on tribal treaty rights that warrant additional review. In this regard, the Corps has a valid rationale to expand its [National Environmental Policy Act] review and authorize independent experts to opine on the potential for a catastrophic spill at the proposed location.”
Remarkably, the memo gave critical attention to the fact that the Army Corps rejected routing the pipeline “ten miles of north of Bismarck, North Dakota,” but approved the route that is about a half mile from the border of the Standing Rock Sioux reservation.
“The Corps’ reasons for rejecting the Bismarck route also largely apply to concerns regarding tribal treaty rights associated with the Lake Oahe route. As such, if the Bismarck route is impermissible, the Lake Oahe route should be equally impermissible,” Tompkins stated.
Tompkins commented on an environmental assessment (EA) that was done for the initially proposed location of the pipeline.
In the EA, the Corps ultimately rejected the Bismarck route due in large part to its proximity to a central municipality and to “multiple conservation easements, habitat management areas, National Wildlife Refuges, state trust lands, waterfowl production areas, and private tribal lands.” The Corps also noted that the Bismarck route crossed or was in close proximity to “several wellhead source water protection areas,” and thus determined that the agency should avoid that route so as ”to protect areas that contribute water to municipal water supply wells.” The Corps further sought to “minimize[] impacts on sensitive resources ( e.g., piping plover critical habitat, eagle nests, etc.),”as well as to completely avoid “high risk features” such as national parks. But while the Corps determined that these concerns rendered the Bismarck alternative non-viable, and thus chose not to analyze their decision in detail in the EA, the EA minimizes identical considerations with respect to the Lake Oahe route’s threat to on-reservation tribal hunting, fishing, and water rights.
“The Corps developed a rationale for putting the pipeline at Lake Oahe with “no input from the tribes.” It inaccurately minimized the risk a pipeline spill would pose to tribal drinking water supplies,” Shadowproof continued.
Tompkins was understandably baffled. “A pipeline spill would thus pose the same risk to tribal water (which, unlike Bismarck water, carries associated treaty and Winters rights) that the Corps found to be impermissible for Bismarck water, and yet the threat to tribal water was considered mitigated by the same pipeline technology that the Corps found would not protect Bismarck residents.”
“The EA does not explain why, if existing safeguards are inadequate to mitigate spill risk from a pipeline running ten miles from a city, they nevertheless protect federally reserved tribal waters less than one mile from an Indian reservation,” Tompkins added.
According to indigenous women at the Oceti Sakowin Camp, which is expected to be raided very soon, there is a risk of arrest, police brutality, federal prosecution, and prison time. They ask people to stand with them to protect the water and treaty rights of indigenous people.
“In the history of colonization,” one water protector declared, “they’re always giving us two options. Give up our land or go to jail. Give up our rights or go to jail. And now, give up our water or go to jail.”
As Ruth Hopkins, a Dakota/Lakota Sioux writer for Indian Country Today, put it, “Forced removal isn’t just in the history books. It’s happening tomorrow on treaty lands at Standing Rock.”
 



ARTICLE

At a Feb 16 press conference, Trump cited an executive order highlighting the “Buy American measures” which he said were “in place to require American steel for American pipelines.” But like Keystone XL, as DeSmog reported, much of the steel for the Dakota Access project appears to have been manufactured in Canada by Evraz North America, a subsidiary of the Russian steel giant Evraz.
Evraz is owned in part by Roman Abramovich, a Russian multi-billionaire credited for bringing Russian President Vladimir Putin into office in the late 1990s. DeSmog’s finding comes on the heels of Trump’s former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn resigning for potentially having discussed U.S. sanctions against Russia with Russian diplomats before Trump took office, apparently without the knowledge of Trump or now-Vice President Mike Pence.
“If people want to build pipelines on our land, we want the pipe to be … manufactured here,” Trump said.
Trump dictatorial decree drew quick criticism:
“Is it good policy to have the president dictate where U.S. companies buy their inputs? No. I think that’s terrible. I think that’s dictatorial. I think it’s very bad precedence.”-Dan Ikenson, director, Cato Institute’s Herbert A. Stiefel Center for Trade Policy Studies.
“First of all, this is private investment, so there’s no legal authority for the government to require a private company to use domestic materials,” Ikeson said.
David Henderson, a research fellow at the Hoover Institution and former economic advisor to President Ronald Reagan, said the policy would be “a bad idea.”
“It is a barrier to trade, and barriers to trade make both sides worse off,” he said. All things equal, it would make Americans less wealthy, he added.
Desmog breaks down some of the shady details of the situation:
In his statement on using American steel for U.S. pipelines made at the press conference, Trump said “nobody ever asked before I came along.”
Trump repeated the steel production talking point at his first campaign rally for the 2020 presidential cycle, made less than a month into his presidency, on February 18 in Melbourne, Florda.
“And very importantly, as I was about to sign it, I said who makes the pipe? Who makes the pipe?…Simple question,” he said. “The lawyers put this very complex document in front. I said, who makes the pipe? They said, sir, it can be made anywhere. I said not anymore. I put a little clause in the bottom. The pipe has to be made in the United States of America if we’re going to have pineline.”
Lisa Dillinger, who does media relations for Dakota Access, LLC, told DeSmog that 57 percent of the pipeline was manufactured in the U.S. by both Stupp Corporation in Baton Rouge, Louisiana and Welspun in Lake Charles, Louisiana. The remaining pipe, Dillinger said, was manufactured in Canada, though she did not comment on which Canadian company manufactured the steel.
Welspun does not appear to have a plant in Lake Charles, though it does have one in Little Rock, Arkansas. The company is headquartered in Mumbai, India, while Stupp is headquartered in Baton Rouge.
“Additionally, the majority of the remaining major materials were purchased, manufactured or assembled in the United States contributing nearly $1 billion in direct spending to the U.S. economy,” Dillinger said.
In March 2015, the Dakota Free Press published photos of a line pipe storage site located in Brown County, South Dakota. One of those photos shows pipelines labeled “Made in Canada.”
Another photo published that same month by John Davis of the Aberdeen American News also shows the pipes were labeled “Made in Canada.” As Evraz North America points out on its website, it serves as the “only supplier of fully ‘Made in Canada’ [large diamater] pipe.”
“EVRAZ pioneered large diameter line pipe in North America and today we are its largest producer,” the company says on another section of its website. “In fact, we are the only producer in North America that can manufacture [large diamater] pipe that is 100% ‘Made in Canada.’”
Four months later in July 2015, Dakota Free Press published an image of an auction announcement from Aberdeen American News showing that 30 miles of line pipe in Brown County was up for auction. The occupant listed: Evraz North America. It also listed Dakota Access LLC as an interest holder.

“The pipeline came by train to Brown County in preparation for construction of the Dakota Access oil pipeline, planned to carry Bakken oil across South Dakota to Illinois for refining,” wrote Cory Heidelberger of the Dakota Free Press. “Those 2,000 links would equal over 130 train car loads; my eyeball-recollection of the trains rumbling through Aberdeen last March suggests that 2,000 links are only a fraction of the stockpile.”
Indeed, that would only be a small fraction. According to a project announcement located by Desmog, Evraz and ETCIntrastate Procurement — the latter a subsidiary of Energy Transfer Partners — gave a contract to Dun Transportation & Stringing Inc. to offload and stockpile “61 miles of 30-in. pipe in Lincoln County, South Dakota” in February 2015. Dakota Access is a 30-inch diameter pipeline and runs through Lincoln County.
Dun, for what it’s worth, also lists unloading, hauling, and racking 185 miles of Evraz and Welspun steel in North and South Dakota for Dakota Access as one of its projects on its website.
Representatives for Dun did not respond to a request for comment submitted for this story. Evraz did not comment on how much steel it made for Dakota Access, referring DeSmog to its January 24 press release touting Trump’s executive orders.
“To the best of our information, EVRAZ North America is ‘the only supplier of fully ‘Made in Canada’ [large diamater] pipe,’ as is stated on our website,” Christian Messmacher, Vice President of Investor Relations and Strategy for Evraz North America, told DeSmog.
Similar to Keystone XL, the steel production for the Dakota Access pipeline was a done deal long ago, well before the pipeline got all the permits it needed.
“Energy Transfer Partners was so eager to build the pipeline that it began staging mountainous piles of steel pipe across the four-state route before it had gotten all necessary easements and regulatory approval from federal regulators, as well as those in North Dakota, South Dakota, Iowa and Illinois,” a local Fox affiliate explained.
In the case of Dakota Access, nearly all of the pipeline already sits underground, other than the most contentious segment, which could soon go under Lake Oahe and the Missouri River located near the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe’s land in North Dakota. That segment consists of 0.02 percent of the line, according to Energy Transfer Partners.
Though many in leaders of the U.S. labor movement, including professional pipeliners, have praised Trump’s jobs initiatives, some within labor aren’t as elated and are more critical of Trump’s claims about creating U.S. steel jobs.
“American workers need jobs,” Jeremy Brecher, co-founder of the Labor Network for Sustainability, told DeSmog. “It is unconscionable that fossil fuel companies and Donald Trump exploit that need by making phony claims to be creating jobs — all to persuade us to support projects that will poison our air and water and make our planet unlivable for our kids. It’s time to get serious about creating jobs that protect our environment rather than destroying it.”
Trump has no business telling private companies where they can or cannot get their products. The President should not be involved in directing businesses, especially when that president is a businessman with as many failures as Trump. But for him to do that after companies he is invested in are using NON American steel is outrageous and hypocritical. Trump’s executive orders are reaching dictator proportions.



ARTICLE

The Michigan Civil Rights Commission released a report on Friday suggesting “systematic racism” going back decades is at the core of the problems that caused a lead-contaminated water crisis in the majority Black city of Flint.
Time reports that while the 130-page report says that the commission did not unearth any civil rights violations and that nobody “intended to poison Flint,” the testimony of more than 100 residents, experts and government and community leaders led the commission to the conclusion that decisions would have been different had they concerned the state’s wealthier predominantly white communities.
“We are not suggesting that those making decisions related to this crisis were racists … (but the) disparate response is the result of systemic racism that was built into the foundation and growth of Flint, its industry and suburban area,” the report says. “Would the Flint water crisis have been allowed to happen in Birmingham, Ann Arbor or East Grand Rapids? We believe the answer is no, and that the vestiges of segregation and discrimination found in Flint made it a unique target. The lack of political clout left the residents with nowhere to turn, no way to have their voices heard.”
While under state control, the decision was made in 2014 to switch the city’s water supply from Detroit to the Flint River. The water from the river was used for 18 months without treating it to prevent pipe corrosion, and as a result, the water caused lead to leach from old pipes and into homes.
Time reported:
The commission’s report notes the local, state and federal action to help Flint that began in late 2015 but criticized the timing, noting that by that time residents “had been reporting heavily discolored and bad tasting water for well over a year.”
“Even after some tests showed there was a problem, decision makers questioned the tests, not the water,” the report said.
The commission’s findings build on a report released last year by a bipartisan task force created by Snyder that determined the crisis was a case of “environmental injustice.” This week, Snyder announced the members of a new Environmental Justice Work Group aimed at improving state guidelines and policy regarding environmental and health hazards.
The commission recommends replacing or amending the state’s emergency manager law to analyze the root causes of a community’s financial problems and allow for more local representation and oversight. The bipartisan task force and others also recommended changes to the law in the wake of the water crisis, but none has been made.
The Michigan Civil Rights Commission was created by the Michigan Constitution, and is tasked with investigating allegations of discrimination, and if violations are found, it can order the violator to stop and take corrective action. According to Time, the commission pledges “to be more resolute” in its role in “giving greater voice” to residents to prevent such crises from happening again.
Hopefully this commission will actually do something to speed up the process to fix the water system that is causing lead poisoning to the residents of Flint, as well as make amends for what has been done to them.



ARTICLE

Water protectors at the camp view the recent round of arrests, warrants, and ordered evacuation as the DoJ attempting to kill their resistance to the Dakota Access Pipeline. The DAPL is almost complete, it only needs to go a little further through the Standing Rock Sioux land and under the river. The Sioux have had their property rights taken away by the federal government who has chosen the side of money over the legal rights of a minority group.
The Guardian reported on the case of Angry Bird, James White, who was recently arrested.
Aubree Peckham darted through the hallways of the casino, desperate for answers. Word had spread that day in early February that federal agents had arrested Standing Rock activist James White at the Prairie Knights resort in North Dakota, sending his friends and relatives into a panic.
“Everyone was sobbing, running around from room to room, trying to get better information,” said Peckham, a 32-year-old Mescalero Apache woman who has been fighting the Dakota Access pipeline since last year. “Our brothers and sisters are being snatched right in front of us.”
White, who goes by the name Angry Bird, is one of at least six Native American activists now facing serious federal charges tied to the nearly year-long fight against the Dakota Access pipeline.
In late January, Trump ordered the approval of the final permit to allow the oil company to resume drilling under the Missouri River. Veterans have joined the water protectors at the camp in an effort to help protect their rights as U.S. Citizens, and their land rights as agreed to by the federal government in an 1851 treaty.
Many activists are facing serious legal charges for trying to protect private property from corporate greed. The police however have been blameless for their months of brutality against unarmed people on their own land.
The Guardian reported on a couple more cases of people who were mistreated and wrongfully arrested by a brutal militarized police force.
“We cannot afford to let them treat us like properties of the state,” said Ollie, a 24-year-old water protector whose partner Michael Markus, known as Rattler, was recently taken into custody by federal officers. “That’s what the reservations were in the first place.”
Ollie, who is Eastern Cherokee, Sicilian and Greek, did not want to use her full name out of fear for her personal safety. She is one of many loved ones and friends of five indigenous men who recently faced a federal grand jury indictment on charges of civil disorder and use of fire to commit an offense.
The charges against Rattler, Angry Bird and three others could carry up to 15 years in federal prison and stem from a standoff with police on 27 October 2016during which law enforcement deployed armored vehicles and pepper spray and ultimately arrested 141 people. Although local law enforcement have made roughly 700 arrests since last year and filed a wide range of state-level felony charges, the DoJ prosecutions have dramatically heightened anxieties.
The timing of this indictment is particularly odd, several months after the incident but less than two weeks after Trump’s inauguration. Trump has personal investments in the oil corporation and has taken donations from its CEO. An FBI terrorism task force is also investigating Standing Rock activists, reported The Guardian.
 
Sandra Freeman, attorney with the Water Protector Legal Collective, who is representing Rattler, said he was being prosecuted under a law that is rarely used in federal court, passed in 1968 to control the Black Liberation Movement and Vietnam war protests. She said the charges were clearly meant to repress free speech rights.
Tactics changed as Trump talked about giving militarized law enforcement even more freedom to abuse unarmed people.
“Law enforcement tactics started escalating and markedly changing in January,” Freeman said. “It was no longer a confrontation at demonstrations, but single people being picked off, being brutalized and being interrogated. In general, it’s law enforcement out of control.”
 
Ollie said: “They’re going after Rattler to make him a poster child and a scapegoat. He’s never done anything violent. He’s nothing but a gentle giant.
The Guardian continues the story of Rattler,
The couple met at camp last year when they worked together as akicita, a Lakota word that water protectors used for one of the security teams. “Rattler’s purpose of being at camp was to make a safe space for people.”
Rattler, who is Lakota Oglala and a US Marine veteran, has also consistently been cooperative and compliant with law enforcement, according to Ollie, who noted that he willingly turned himself in on a state warrant and that the two of them recently paid a $10,000 cash bond so he could be released. But instead of letting him leave after his Morton County hearing, federal agents took him into custody, she said.
“I felt safer having guns pointed at me at close range than going into court,” she said, noting that she now constantly checks to see if there is a warrant for her arrest and refuses to travel alone.
Some fear the defendants won’t get fair juries and trials in Bismarck, where most residents are white.
“They all already have in their minds that all the water protectors are a bunch of rioting and out-of-control criminals,” said Michael Fasig, an Oglala Lakota man who is facing state charges and vehemently denies the allegations. “I want to show the jury the actual truth, the actual facts … But we’re going through their system.”
The slew of cases against activists has also fueled prejudice and racism toward indigenous people in North Dakota, said Anthony Gazotti, a 47-year-old Apache man. While helping set up a new camp site, he recounted the discrimination he faced at a supply store in Mandan, an hour north of Cannon Ball.
“You could just see the disdain and disgust on their face … just because they assumed I was with the water protectors” he said, in tears. “It hurts. It’s lies. These are some of the best people I’ve ever met.”
The increased aggression seems to be because of the Trump administration’s choice of profits for the president and his campaign donors over the legal rights of U.S. citizens.  Trump has refused to stop the conflict of interests with his personal finances and his political career. This could prove troublesome for the DAPL protesters and all those who stand for individual rights and freedom.



ARTICLE

Leaked audio tape reveals Trump invited guests to join him during White House cabinet interviews.
Trump says to the guests, “You are the special people. You were here before anyone knew it was going to be a success” referring to the Trump National Golf Club.
“We’re doing a lot of interviews tomorrow — generals, dictators, we have everything. You may wanna come around. It’ll be fun. We’re really working tomorrow. We have meetings every 15, 20 minutes with different people that will form our government.”
“We’re going to be interviewing everybody — Treasury, we’re going to be interviewing Secretary of State. We have everybody coming in — if you want to come around, it’s going to be unbelievable….so you might want to come along.”

The audio, leaked to Politico, was recorded on November 18th of last year. The day after the recording, Trump interviewed or met with Mitt Romney, Betsy DeVos, Michelle Rhee, Todd Ricketts, Bob Woodson, Lew Eisenberg and Dr. Patrick Soon-Shiong. And the next day: Chris Christie, Rudy Giuliani, John Gray, Kris Kobach, Wilbur Ross, Robert Johnson and David McCormick.
So rich Trump club members get special access to the government?
America’s first pay-per-view President. How is this legal?
 
 



ARTICLE

Nashville, TN — Last Friday, Jocques Scott Clemmons, 31, was pulled over for rolling through a stop sign near his home at Cayce Homes public housing development. Less than 1 minute after the stop begins, however, Clemmons would be shot in the back, dying a painful and slow death.
How exactly did a routine traffic stop turn into a police-involved shooting death? Well, if you listen to the Nashville police department’s original story, Clemmons charged at officer Joshua Lippert, causing a physical confrontation, who then had no choice but to shoot him. However, a video from the nearby housing development, released two days after the killing, tells a different story — a story in which Clemmons was shot as he ran away.
When police released the first video, it appeared to back up their claim of a physical confrontation as it was shot from an angle that made it hard to see what actually transpired. The video shows Clemmons run toward Lippert’s unmarked patrol car and then it ends.

However, the newer video showed that Clemmons never got close to Lippert and instead tried to run around him.
As the new video below shows, no struggle happened until Lippert pursued Clemmons and physically grabbed him. However, the entire time it appears that Clemmons is simply trying to get away as he knows that this meeting will likely end with him locked in a cage.
According to police Clemmons had a gun and was reaching toward his waistband. Lippert said he feared for his life and had no other option but to open fire on Clemmons. Police also claim that Clemmons was holding the gun and refused to drop it. However, if you watch the video below, it appears Clemmons was only trying to get away from Lippert. At no time did Clemmons take aim or point anything in Lippert’s direction.
As Clemmons ran from him, Lippert opens fire. Clemmons was struck twice in the lower back and once in his left hip, according to police. He later died in surgery.
“He got out of his car, left the door open, started running, police shot him in the back three times, he fell to the ground, a few police officers went over and looked at him, walked away, and that’s about it,” a witness told WKRN.

“As part of the full and accountable investigation into this matter, it is important that the community know of this new development,” Metro Police Chief Steve Anderson said in a statement after the new video was released. “The investigation is active and progressing. We are engaging with the FBI.  Citizens have my assurance that the investigation will be fair, objective and complete.”
Following the release of the new video, the ACLU of Tennessee noted that the shooting “raises serious questions” and they called for a thorough and transparent investigation, according to the Tennessean. 
“The shooting of Jocques Clemmons did not happen in a vacuum,” ACLU-TN executive director Hedy Weinberg said in a statement. “While further investigation will undoubtedly focus on uncovering additional details about what occurred after Officer Joshua Lippert stopped Mr. Clemmons, incidents like these also compel us to take a step back and ask why Mr. Clemmons was stopped in the first place and how officers make decisions about who to stop for minor traffic infractions. Anyone discretionary stop risks a tragic ending if there is an escalation of conflict – far too frequently such escalations result in police use of force, and also expose police to unnecessary risk.”
Immediately after the shooting, local media, with information from the police, put out a story calling Clemmons ‘a gunman’ — in spite of the fact that Clemmons was not the person who fired the shots. The local media was also given Clemmons’ criminal history by police in an apparent character assassination to justify his death.
Clemmons, who was by no means perfect, does have a criminal history. However, most of his charges are for misdemeanor traffic violations and a drug charge. He also pleaded guilty to the misdemeanor charge of aggravated assault in 2012.
Conveniently left out of the original news story was the fact that Lippert also has a tainted history. Lippert, who was officer of the month in 2014, has also been in trouble with his own department, multiple times.
Lippert, 32, has spent 20 days suspended for various police code violations, including two instances involving physical use of force, according to Metro police records.
As the Tennessean reports, in October 2015, Lippert used physical force to pull a black motorist from the vehicle during a traffic stop, even though the driver said he’d be willing to get out in the presence of a supervisor. Lippert was also reprimanded for having the man’s car towed without giving him a chance to park the car or turn it over to someone else.
In another case, the officer was reprimanded when he “created the necessity to use force against an intoxicated subject” who was being arrested, according to the disciplinary record, according to the Tennessean. That subject was white.
A GoFundMe account has been set up for his funeral which will be held on Feb 18th. As of Friday, the response has shown to be overwhelming and they family has reached their goal.
Could Clemmons, who left behind two young children, have reacted differently and still be alive? Absolutely. However, does that justify his death?
Sadly, several people took to the comments of Clemmons’ GoFundMe page to let the family know that, ‘yes’, Clemmons running from the officer did justify his death. What do you think? Let us know in the comments below.



ARTICLE

“We are prepared to put our bodies between Native elders and a privatized military force,” Elizabeth Williams, a U.S. Air Force veteran, told the Guardian on her decision to come to Standing Rock as a human shield.
Williams and perhaps hundreds of other military veterans are descending on several remaining camps at Cannon Ball, North Dakota, near the banks of the Missouri River’s Lake Oahe reservoir in a last stand against construction of the Dakota Access Pipeline.
“This is a humanitarian issue,” asserted U.S. Navy veteran Matthew Crane. “We’re not going to stand by and let anybody get hurt.”
But things could get ugly. They have multiple times in the past.
Indeed, hostilities have increased on every front — the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe Council voted to ask water protectors not from the area to go home. A multi-state police force led by the Morton County Sheriff’s Department randomly employs violence against water protectors it also wishes would leave.
Meanwhile, the few hundred water protectors remaining in Standing Rock have vowed to halt the pipeline, no matter the cost — up to and including paying with their lives. That’s where the veterans come in — they see shielding the unarmed water protectors as not only the right thing to do, but as duty.
And they are well prepared.
“We’ve stood in the face of fire before,” Williams continued. “We feel a responsibility to use the skills we have.”
Jake Pogue, a veteran of the Marines, expressed concerns about possible police tactics in coming days and told the Guardian, “We’re not coming as fighters, but as protectors. Our role in that situation would be to simply form a barrier between water protectors and the police force and try to take some of that abuse for them.”
This is no ordinary protest — camps at Standing Rock began breaking ground in April last year, and have since become fully-functioning mini-cities. Now, however, water protectors are racing two clocks — the first involves fully cleaning up camps in the floodplain before the spring thaw; and the second, completion of Dakota Access.
In vowing to stay and fight the pipeline, water protectors have loosely complied with requests from the tribe and authorities to evacuate the floodplain — and even attempted to establish a camp on higher ground. But the nascent Last Child Camp nearly immediately fell to police — and 76 were arrested — under the pretense the location was private property.
With authorities, locals, certain leaders of the Standing Rock Sioux, and President Trump’s administration progressively inimical to the #NoDAPL movement, the assistance of veterans will be as welcome now as it was last year.
Much hype surrounded the first group of veterans who came to Standing Rock, but major shortcomings in official leadership led to chaos and confusion — and even stranded a large faction inside a barely-heated gymnasium away from the camp for several days without communication.
Despite lingering bitterness over that deployment, some of the same veterans now plan to return with the same mission — to form a human shield for protectors and absorb the rubber bullets, tear gas, pepper spray, concussion grenades, water cannons, or any of the other ostensively less-than-lethal weapons at Morton County’s disposal.
Water protectors have come to expect the worst from law enforcement — offensives by police robbed a Native American woman of her eyesight in one eye, and a non-Native supporter nearly lost her arm when an explosive projectile ripped open flesh to the bone. This barbarism had been darkly par for the course for police.
But now, after Energy Transfer Partners received the green light to continue drilling under Lake Oahe by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers this week, water protectors find themselves in the precarious position of knowing law enforcement and National Guard troops will likely move to forcefully clear camps and arrest anyone remaining — but not knowing when the move will come nor how brutally they will be treated.
Vets dedicated to guarding the unarmed as they take a last stand also know this — but their very presence creates a political nightmare.
After all, if live ammunition is fired by police and National Guard against unarmed water protectors and U.S. military veterans on land rightfully belonging to Native Americans via several treaties, the fallout would be rightly insurmountable for those in charge.
“This historical trauma of indigenous communities in this country is very real. It’s tragic,” Crane explained. “The military has a lot of the same problems.”
In telling ways, Indigenous water protectors facing government-initiated violence echoes through an unbroken history — one in which Native American lives have been devalued in the eyes of politicians and corporate elite, who quantify — rather than treasure — the geography of this land.
Veterans — many of whom have also been devalued by the government upon return from duty — relate particularly well to the traumas suffered at Standing Rock. Water protectors who haven’t directly been impacted by brutal policing have likely either seen it happen, or know someone who has been injured — and many suffer post-traumatic stress disorder because of this.
“We are able to talk about PTSD,” said Mescalero Apache Tribe member, Aubree Peckham, of the intense bonding between Indigenous protectors and veterans. “And they finally feel like they are understood.”
Some of the vets see protecting the camps as atonement for fighting in wars they later learned had far more to do with natural resources or the whims of politicians and corporations than anything remotely pertaining to freedom.
“This is the right war, right side,” Vietnam veteran Dan Luker explained to the Guardian. “Finally, it’s the US military coming on to Sioux land to help, for the first time in history, instead of coming on to Sioux land to kill natives.”



ARTICLE

‘The Trump family is clearly using the White House to financially benefit their family. Where does this end?’
The Office of Government Ethics was apparently swarmed with calls and emails from outraged citizens on Thursday after White House advisor Kellyanne Conway urged individuals to buy Ivanka Trump’s products.
In a series of tweets, the OGE said that its “website, phone system, and email system are receiving an extraordinary volume of contacts from citizens about recent events” and said that it “does not have investigative or enforcement authority,” though it has “provided guidance” to the relevant agency.
That outrage also seemingly prompted a reprimand from the White House. During the daily press briefing, White House press secretary Sean Spicer said that Conway “has been counseled, and that’s all we are going to go with. She’s been counseled on the subject, and that’s it.”
House Oversight Committee chair Rep. Jason Chaffetz (R-Utah)—not known for being tough on Trump’s business conflicts—also called the comments “unacceptable” and said that the committee would refer Conway to the OGE for an investigation.
Earlier:
White House adviser Kellyanne Conway, it seems, “crossed a very bright line” when she openly encouraged people to “go buy Ivanka’s stuff” after President Donald Trump slammed Nordstrom department store for dropping his daughter’s fashion line.
Appearing on “Fox & Friends” on Thursday, Conway told viewers, “Go buy Ivanka’s stuff. I hate shopping, I will go get some myself today,” before adding, “I’m going to give a free commercial here.”
Watch below:
Observers were immediately dumbstruck, especially because—as some pointed out—federal law explicitly states:
§ 2635.702 Use of public office for private gain.
An employee shall not use his public office for his own private gain, for the endorsement of any product, service or enterprise, or for the private gain of friends, relatives, or persons with whom the employee is affiliated in a nongovernmental capacity, including nonprofit organizations of which the employee is an officer or member, and persons with whom the employee has or seeks employment or business relations.
“This is jaw-dropping to me,” exclaimed Don W. Fox, former general counsel and former acting director of the Office of Government Ethics, to The Washington Post. “This rule has been promulgated by the federal Office of Government Ethics as part of the Standards of Conduct for all executive branch employees and it applies to all members of the armed forces as well.”
Brookings Institution fellow and former White House ethics chief Norm Eisen agreed, saying Thursday that Conway broke the law “plain and simple.”
“Anyone harboring illusions that there was some separation between the Trump administration and the Trump family businesses has had their fantasy shattered.”
—Robert Weissman, Public Citizen
And Robert Weissman, president of the government watchdog Public Citizen, declared in a statement, “Anyone harboring illusions that there was some separation between the Trump administration and the Trump family businesses has had their fantasy shattered.  Kellyanne Conway’s self-proclaimed advertisement for the Ivanka Trump fashion line demonstrates again what anyone with common sense already knew: President Trump and the Trump administration will use the government apparatus to advance the interests of the family businesses.”
Citing the federal statute, Public Citizen on Thursday called for an official ethics investigation.
Even Clinton Cash author Peter Schweizer, whom the Post notes “has worked closely with Trump aide Stephen K. Bannon,” said the Trump administration has “crossed a very, very important bright line, and it’s not good. To encourage Americans to buy goods from companies owned by the first family is totally out of bounds and needs to stop.”
Conway’s comments came a day after the president tweeted his outrage over Nordstrom treating “[m]y daughter Ivanka…so unfairly.”
Perhaps equally troubling, however, is that the person charged with overseeing such conflicts of interest, House Oversight Committee chair Jason Chaffetz (R-Utah), said that Trump’s remarks were not “a big deal.”
When asked by CNN‘s Wolf Blitzer on Wednesday if its ethical “for the President to be commenting about his daughter’s business like this?” Chaffetz responded: “I think most people can relate to the fact that a father, a doting father with very successful children is going to look after those children and, you know, if he sees something going wrong, he’s going to call it out.”
 
Seriously, can we get anyone else to run the House Oversight Committee? A cocker spaniel? Maybe a bag of gravel? pic.twitter.com/oXiP63fjwo
— Kevin M. Kruse (@KevinMKruse) February 8, 2017
“[W]hat message is this sending to any company that declines to do business with the Trump Organization?” the Daily Kos‘ Jen Hayden asked. “If you are a retailer selling Donald Trump’s (made in Asia) ties or his (made in Mexico) suits and sales are tanking, will the President of the United States use power of the the White House to publicly go after you? After all, yesterday the president’s own spokesman referred to Nordstrom’s decision to stop carrying the Ivanka Trump line (due to lackluster sales) as a ‘direct attack’ on Donald Trump and his policies.”
“The Trump family is clearly using the White House to financially benefit their family,” Hayden added. “Where does this end?”



ARTICLE

It took years for experts to finally make a fair rule to protect consumers, but now, after receiving generous donations, a senator is trying to overrule their decision.
Alan Pyke  of Think Progress reported, “their obscure fees strip more than $160 a year out of the average customer’s pocket each year. Their fee structures hit black customers, teenagers, and widows hardest. And their business model had gone largely unregulated for years until last October, when the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau finalized a suite of modest reforms.”
Sen. David Perdue (R-GA) is pushing legislation to override and permanently derail the CFPB’s rules package for the cards which was set to be effective in October 2017.
Pyke describes the rule, “The rule Perdue is trying to kill would have provided basic protections for prepaid card customers. The agency did not bar companies from tacking charges onto their products. Instead, the rule mandated transparency in the form of a plain-English document listing all potential fees a customer might incur using the card. It also set limits on the interest prepaid card companies can charge.”
The average fees paid tend to be higher among those that tend to have less money overall.
Prepaid debit cards now account for tens of billions of dollars in financial activity each year. One Federal Reserve report in 2014 found the average customer pays $15 to $17 in fees each month on the cards, and that fees skew higher for customers who are black, younger than 15, widowed, or living in areas with relatively high rates of violent crime.
Most companies that issue these cards hide the fees so people do not know about them until it is too late to avoid them. Pyke explains the sudden increase in the use of these cards:
The sudden boom in the use of prepaid debit cards — which banks began flogging to customers in 2010 in hopes of replacing revenue lost when Congress changed the rules governing transaction fees and overdraft protection for traditional bank cards — has pushed a huge amount of money into the cards market before regulators could catch up. The combination of a glut in demand and the oversight lag from banking regulators has allowed card providers to skim hundreds of millions of dollars in fees in the past few years.
Green Dot, the inventor of and largest seller of reloadable prepaid debit cards, agrees with the new rules protecting consumers. “Green Dot’s Founder and Chief Executive Officer Steve Streit commented: “Green Dot embraces the new rule as recognition that the industry we started more than 15 years ago continues to serve an increasingly significant role in the everyday financial lives of a growing number of American families. We fully support the CFPB’s mission to ensure fairness, integrity and consumer protections for all participants in the financial system.”
The only ones that will have huge profits ruined by the rules are the companies that use a business model based on deceit. If you are scared of being honest with those that purchase your product, maybe you should rethink the product you are selling rather than lobby to change the laws to allow deception–that is not making America great.
CFPB’s rule doesn’t bar the overdraft charges; it just forces companies to be honest and forthright about them. NetSpend couldn’t stand that sunlight. NetSpend and its parent company, Georgia-based TSYS, say they would lose some $80 million a year if consumers were finally protected from its policies.
“Perdue and his co-sponsors say their move to end consumer protections for prepaid cards is about preserving access for consumers. The fact that it is also an $80 million favor to an unsavory financial company based in his state—and a thumb in the eye of the millions of people who have turned to the cards as a substitute for traditional bank accounts — is apparently a coincidence.” reported Pyke.
The company has given generously to politicians for years, including at least $17,500 in PAC contributions and at least $1,000 from TSYS executive James Lipham directly to Perdue’s campaign fund.
Pyke delves more into the corruption behind the attempt to increase corporate deceptiveness at the expense of the American people, especially the young and the poor.
Perdue’s gambit on behalf of TSYS and NetSpend is emblematic of his party’s broader approach to the CFPB. Republicans and some Democrats with deep ties to the financial industry have been waging guerilla war on the agency for years, using everything from conspiratorial cross-examinations of agency head Richard Cordray at public hearings to sneaky legislative sabotage in back-room deals.
The congressional assault on the barely-five-year-old agency was ramping up even before President Trump signed an executive order pledging to undo the 2010 Wall Street reform package that birthed the CFPB. An administration stacked with Goldman Sachs alums can now partner with Republican lawmakers who want to get Cordray fired, replace him with an easily controlled commission of directors, and rip up the agency’s budgetary independence from Capitol Hill.
Help spread the news about what Perdue is trying to do. We cannot sit back and let bought congressmen destroy regulation that protect us.



ARTICLE

The Pentagon is looking to rent space in the Trump Tower skyscraper in midtown Manhattan. Why? To be closer to President Trump’s ridiculous golden penthouse.
When Trump spends his time there, he will need military staff with the “nuclear football” close by.
Defense Department spokesman Lt. Col. JB Brindle told CNN,
In order to meet official mission requirements, the Department of Defense is working through appropriate channels and in accordance with all applicable legal requirements in order to acquire a limited amount of leased space in Trump Tower. The space is necessary for the personnel and equipment who will support the POTUS at his residence in the building.
Trump Tower is one of the most expensive buildings in the world on one of the busiest streets in the world, with rent approaching $150,000 per month for one floor.
The highrise tower is owned by the Trump Organization which in turn is owned by Donald Trump. Trump will resume management of the Trump Organization after his time in office is over.
So in effect, taxpayers are paying Donald Trump (a man who pays no income tax), so the military can live in his 2nd home…



ARTICLE

In a court case, First Lady Melania Trump claims she can no longer use her position as First Lady to make multi million dollar business relationships for her commercial products.
Sarah Burris of Raw Story reports, First Lady Melania Trump has filed a third lawsuit against The Daily Mail for defamation after the site published a story alleging Mrs. Trump had been an “escort” at one time. As the lawsuit has moved forward, Mrs. Trump was required to prove that the defamation damaged her in some way. Her example of damages are that she can no longer launch a clothing and fragrance line using her office as First Lady of the United States.
The NY Post reported the court documents allege the Daily Mail caused such financial harm that Mrs. Trump could no longer use her position in government to enrich herself, her brand and products.
​”Plaintiff had the unique, once-in-a-lifetime opportunity, as an extremely famous and well-known person…to launch a broad-based commercial brand in multiple product categories, each of which could have garnered multi-million dollar business relationships for a multi-year term during which plaintiff is one of the most photographed women in the world,” the Manhattan suit says.
“These product categories would have included, among other things, apparel, accessories, shoes, jewelry, cosmetics, hair care, skin care and fragrance,” according to the $150 million filing.
Burris points to the Emoluments Clause when discussing why Trump’s lawsuit alleges that she intended to commit illegal activities by profiting off her political position.
The Emoluments Clause is a U.S. government law that specifically prohibits any leader from using government services to “enrich” the president, his family and the Trump brand. Trump’s son Eric was called out for possible breach of this clause when he spent nearly $100,000 in security and embassy costs while on a business trip to promote the Trump Organization.
Since the Trumps refuse to release their tax returns, professionals cannot analyze them to see if they are personally benefiting in their business empire from their new political status. But we do know that the Trump family has an immense conflict of interest between business and politics.



ARTICLE

You will often see potentially important pieces of legislation languish in the US House. A bill will remain active, meaning that it can be brought to the Floor at any time. But it flies just under the radar. Other times the language floats around Washington for years until a “crisis” necessitates its activation and passage. As we know well, what eventually became the PATRIOT Act — one of the single greatest attacks on civil liberties in US history — started out and spent much of its early life as a sugar-plumb fairy dancing in neocon fantasies. Then came 9/11 and it was dusted off and imposed on the American people. And the United States has never been — and may never be — the same. Either way, these measures are important if seldom seen.
So it may well be with H.J.Res. 10, introduced in the House just as the new Congress began at the beginning of this month. The title of the bill tells the tale: a bill “To authorize the use of the United States Armed Forces to achieve the goal of preventing Iran from obtaining nuclear weapons.” This legislation, introduced by Rep. Alcee Hastings (D-FL), is as it appears: an authorization for the President to use military force against Iran. But it is much worse than that.
Why so? Because it specifically authorizes the president to launch a pre-emptive war on Iran at any time of his choosing and without any further Congressional oversight or input. The operative sentence in the resolution reads, “The President is authorized to use the Armed Forces of the United States as the President determines necessary and appropriate in order to achieve the goal of preventing Iran from obtaining nuclear weapons.” (Emphasis added).
President Trump — and, importantly, his entire national security team — has been extraordinarily aggressive toward Iran, repeatedly threatening that country both at the negotiating table and on the battlefield. H.J.Res 10 would be just the blank check the Administration craves to realize such threats.
And thanks to ongoing US and allied sabre-rattling in the Persian Gulf, tensions continue to escalate. At the end of this month, the UK, US and allied military forces will take part in operation “Unified Trident,” a joint exercise in the Persian Gulf that will simulate a military confrontation with Iran.
How would Washington respond if a bill was active in the Iranian parliament authorizing war on the United States and the Iranian navy began conducting joint exercises with the Chinese in the Gulf of Mexico simulating an attack on the United States?



ARTICLE

Evangelicals’ alignment with Trump shows their affinity for power over morality.
It’s been a heady two weeks for right-wing Christian evangelicals. Never before has a president of the United States — not Reagan or either of the Bushes — delivered so much of their agenda in such short order as Donald Trump has just done. He capped off his string of early valentines to the religious right with the announcement of a Supreme Court nominee who is poised to revoke the rights of women, further tear down the “wall” between church and state and open wider the doors for big monied interests to buy the political system they want.
The right-wing press was breathless in its praise for 49-year-old Judge Neil Gorsuch, named by Trump on Tuesday night to ascend to the high court with the seat vacated by the death of Antonin Scalia, who was a ferocious opponent of reproductive rights, LGBTQ rights and significant remedial measures for ensuring civil liberties for African-Americans. Yet religious-minded conservatives may come to love their new man even more than the lionized Scalia: The New York Times places Gorsuch to Scalia’s right.
Trump had promised he would appoint a justice who would overturn Roe v. Wade. Evidence from Gorsuch’s record — such as his call for a second look at a 10thcircuit decision that blocked the state of Utah from defunding Planned Parenthood — suggest where his sympathies lie. At the very least, he can be counted on to rule in the right’s favor in cases designed to create barriers to obtaining contraceptives or an abortion.
During the 2016 campaign, pundits were often incredulous at the sight of religious-right leaders at the side of the thrice-married, biblically ignorant, philandering, ethically challenged businessman-turned-politician — one whose blatant and coarsely stated misogyny, whose braggadocio about sexually harassing women, whose treatment of women as property and objects of derision, could not deter them from joining his quest. After the election, commentators puzzled over the 81 percent of white evangelical voters who cast their ballots for Trump, despite ample evidence of his questionable, decidedly unchristian business practices and cheating of workers and contractors. Not even the scandal of his Trump University grift kept them away from him.
The attraction is now apparent: power.
The biggest winners
In fairness, it must be said that in the opening days of his presidency, Trump served up a series of executive orders and memoranda designed to please various constituencies in his coalition. The white nationalists would be getting their wall. The oilmen would get their pipeline. The Islamophobes would get their Muslim ban. The Obama-haters would find satisfaction in an order to purge affordable health care from the books. But the religious right would get pretty much everything it wanted — all of the above and more.
For his opening gambit in the week following his inauguration, Trump not only reinstated restrictions on the kinds of health care global aid groups receiving US funding are permitted to deliver to women around the world, he applied those restrictions to a far greater range of programs and organizations than the Bush version of the regulations known as the global gag rule or Mexico City policy — impacting 15 times the amount of aid dollars, by one estimate. At issue is aid to any organization that would dare to inform women that abortion is one option for ending a pregnancy. “In other words, NGOs that distribute bed nets for malaria, provide childhood vaccines, support early childhood nutrition and brain development, run HIV programs, fight ebola or Zika and much more, must now certify their compliance with the Global Gag Rule or risk losing US funds,” wrote Mark Leon Goldberg at UN Dispatch. In other words, people (mostly women) will likely die because of this rule.
With Trump’s beefed-up version of the gag-rule policy first instituted by Ronald Reagan and its timing as one of his first orders of business, the president displayed his fealty to those among the religious right who turned out the vote for him, teeing up the measure for Vice President Mike Pence to bray about from the stage of the Jan. 23 March for Life rally, an annual exercise by Catholic organizations and schools marking the court’s Roe decision.
The vice president’s address at the rally was the first time one of the two elected leaders of the executive branch ever took that stage. Anna Thomas, a teacher from Tuckahoe, New York, told USA Today, “We still need as voters to hold Trump’s feet to the fire, but I feel like we’ve got an ally there (in Pence) and that feels like a first in my lifetime.” Pence’s hardline anti-choice credentials, both during his tenure in Congress and as governor of Indiana, make him a hero to the movement.
The day before the march, Cardinal Timothy Dolan appeared on the daily radio program of Breitbart News, dubbed the “platform for the alt-right” by its former CEO, Stephen K. Bannon, the advocate of white nationalism who now serves as chief White House strategist. Dolan, who would the next day address the March for Life, was feeling pretty cheery about the Trump administration, breezily discussing politics on a website known for promoting Islamophobia, homophobia, misogyny and attacks on African-American civil rights leaders. Not to mention its reputation as an organizing tool of the Trump campaign.
Speaking of the reinstated gag rule to Breitbart Editor-in-Chief Alex Marlow, Dolan framed it as a boon to Catholic Relief Services, falsely claiming that the Obama administration had required the aid group to dispense “abortifacients.” (Defying scientific evidence, anti-choice advocates routinely and inaccurately describe such forms of contraception as IUDs and morning-after pills as forms of abortion.)
“Thanks be to God,” Dolan said, “now that straightjacket has been removed from the extraordinarily effective religious relief organizations in international aid. So this is lookin’ good, Alex, and we look for even better things to come. We want to keep our eye on the appointment of the Supreme Court justice, we want to keep our eye on the reform of the Affordable Care Act to make sure that the hideous parts of it that many people, like the bishops of the United States, have pointed to that need to be cleansed.” The bishops have long protested the ACA’s mandate that employer-based health-care plans provide no-copay prescription contraception to subscribers, and now are poised to see a new Supreme Court justice who agrees with them.
Priority for Christians
In their quest to overturn Roe v. Wade, the Catholic bishops long ago allied with right-wing evangelical and fundamentalist Protestants, to whom Trump reached out to in a White House interview with David Brody of the Christian Broadcasting Network (CBN) on Jan. 25.
Seated in the opulent Blue Room six days before Tuesday night’s announcement of his selection of Gorsuch Trump told Brody that he believed the CBN audience would be pleased. “I think evangelicals — Christians — will love my pick,” the president said. (At the March for Life, Pence promised the crowd of tens of thousands that Trump “will announce a Supreme Court nominee who will uphold the God-given liberties enshrined in our Constitution, in the tradition of the late and great Justice Antonin Scalia.”)
The day of the March for Life, Trump issued the executive order that brought protesters to airports and streets around the country: a halt to admitting travelers to the United States from seven Muslim-majority countries, including refugees from Syria, whose citizens are trapped in a war known for wide-scale crimes against humanity. While the US Conference of Catholic Bishops issued a statement opposing the order, certain right-wing evangelical groups, such as the Family Research Council, have featured anti-Muslim speakers at their conferences, and complained that Christians persecuted in Islamic countries were abetted by the Obama administration.
While some evangelical leaders have condemned Trump’s policy, The Atlantic’s Emma Green speculates that those are not the leaders the rank-and-file listen to and do not share their views. “Even if they think an open refugee policy is in line with the teachings of Christianity,” she writes, “lay Americans don’t necessarily feel the same way.”
Religious figures who have expressed support for the ban include Ralph Reed, who spearheaded voter-turnout efforts in the evangelical community for Trump, and Franklin Graham, son of the late preacher Billy Graham and leader of the charity Samaritan’s Purse, who delivered a prayer from the inaugural podium.
“It’s not a biblical command for the country to let everyone in who wants to come, that’s not a Bible issue,” Graham told The Huffington Post. In an interview with The Washington Post, Ralph Reed, chairman of the Faith and Freedom Coalition and the political strategist who spearheaded voter turnout efforts for Trump among right-wing evangelicals, called the executive order “an entirely prudent move.”
In a Jan. 20 interview with The Christian Times, FRC’s Tony Perkins, who was late aboard the Trump train, expressed doubts about Rex Tillerson, Trump’s pick to lead the State Department, for insufficient defense of the religious-right agenda.
“We know that Christians are suffering globally as a result of our State Department’s misplaced priorities. That cannot continue. It’s going to require a leader who is willing to be criticized, who is willing to be a change agent. I just don’t know that is him,” Perkins told reporter Jardine Malado.
Just days later, Trump said to CBN’s Brody that in the “extreme vetting” to be set in motion as a result of the order, persecuted Christians seeking asylum would be given priority over other persecuted people — a move whose constitutionality is highly questionable.
“We are going to help them,” Trump told Brody. “They’ve been horribly treated. Do you know if you were a Christian in Syria it was impossible, at least very tough to get into the United States? If you were a Muslim you could come in, but if you were a Christian, it was almost impossible and the reason that was so unfair — everybody was persecuted in all fairness — but they were chopping off the heads of everybody, but more so the Christians. And I thought it was very, very unfair.”
Trump’s assertion that Christians have a harder time winning asylum in the US than do Muslims is rated by PolitiFact as false.
A ‘Time of Incredible Promise’
At the March for Life, Vice President Pence wasn’t the only member of Trump’s administration to rally the troops. Presidential adviser Kellyanne Conway, a staple of the Sunday-morning talk show circuit, was greeted with cheers when she introduced herself as “a mother, a wife, a Catholic and counselor to the president of the United States.” Evident in her rhetoric was a reframing of the anti-choice movement: “This is a time of incredible promise for the pro-life, pro-adoption movement.” Throughout the event, women facing unwanted pregnancies were exhorted to give birth for the benefit of couples seeking to adopt.
March for Life leader Jeanne Mancini served up this nugget: “Did you know that Steve Jobs, the founder of Apple, was adopted? Can you imagine how different our lives would be if we didn’t have our iPhones?”
She neglected to mention that under a refugee ban such as that instituted by Trump on Friday, Steve Jobs would never have been born. His birth father is a Muslim from Syria, who met Jobs’ birth mother in Wisconsin.
Nonetheless, CBN’s David Brody was jazzed by Trump’s first week, using his blog to tick off all of the policies and initiative the new president had set in motion as causes for celebration, writing in a Jan. 26 post:
The reality is Donald Trump would not have the title of “president” if it were not for evangelical voters. And so far, he’s off to a promising start. Just look at his first week alone:
– Reinstating the pro-life Mexico City policy
– Making good on a plethora of campaign promises
– Shaking up the press briefing room (where CBN and others are now a part of the healthy give and take)
– A record number of evangelical pastors praying in the name of Jesus at the inauguration
– Trump himself invoking God’s help for America
– And let’s not forget about many members of his Cabinet who are born-again believers. That’s just in one week.
Add to that list Trump’s promise Thursday morning that his administration would “totally destroy” a law banning political activity by churches and the announcement that Rev. Jerry Falwell Jr., the president of Liberty University and the son of late televangelist and Moral Majority co-founder Jerry Falwell, will be heading up a new education task force for the president. A Liberty University spokesman told USA Today on Wednesday that Falwell, an early Trump supporter, agreed to head up the task force after declining to be Trump’s nominee for education secretary. Trump instead chose Betsy DeVos, another member of the right-wing Christian community.
During the election campaign, it was often said that the Trump candidacy stood to destroy the religious right. If the last 10 days are any sign, quite the opposite is true. Under Trump, the religious right is back, big league, stronger than ever.



ARTICLE

As Exxon CEO Tillerson led lobby effort against measure that prevented fossil fuel companies from striking backroom deals with foreign governments
An Obama-era rule that prevented fossil fuel companies from striking backroom deals with foreign governments is about to be dismantled after Senate Republicans passed a bill early Friday voiding the measure.
In a pre-dawn assembly, the Senate voted along party lines, with Independent Sens. Bernie Sanders (Vt.) and Angus King (Maine) siding with Democrats against the rule change (roll call here). On Thursday, six Democratic U.S. House representatives voted with their Republican colleagues in backing the measure (roll call here). U.S. President Donald Trump is expected to sign the measure.
The votes were held mere days after the Senate confirmed Rex Tillerson as Secretary of State, the irony of which was not lost on many who pointed out that, as the former CEO of ExxonMobil, he led the lobby effort to dismantle the legislation, known as the Cardin-Lugar amendment.
“[A] handful of powerful oil and gas companies have been after this requirement from the start—and Exxon is at the top of that list,” Sen. Elizabeth Warren said in a speech on the Senate floor Thursday.
“In fact, Rex Tillerson, the CEO of Exxon at the time, personally lobbied against the requirement in 2010. His reason? The foreign payments rule would undermine Exxon’s ability to do business in Russia,” she said.
“It’s pretty gutsy to install the former CEO of America’s largest oil company as chief diplomat on the same day that the legislature relieves that oil company of the obligation to disclose payments it makes to the foreign governments with whom that former CEO will be dealing.”
—Jay Willis, GQ“Listen to that again,” Warren continued. “If Exxon has to tell the world about the millions of dollars it hands over to the Russian government, Exxon won’t be able to do as much business in Russia.”
“This Exxon giveaway shows just how bankrupt the Republican agenda is,” Warren added. “They don’t have any ideas for helping working families. It’s just one corporate giveaway after another—making their big business donors happy and keeping the campaign contributions flowing for the next election.”
Section 1504 of the 2010 Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform Act, also known as the “extraction rule,” requires companies in oil, gas, and mining industries to disclose payments to governments in the countries where they operate. Trump is also expected to sign an executive order on Friday rolling back Dodd-Frank in its entirety.
“The oil industry is the most corrupt on the planet,” the international corruption watchdog Global Witness wrote in response to the votes. “Bringing shady oil deals to light should help ensure these vast public revenues benefit all instead of lining the pockets of corrupt elites.”
Similarly, in an op-ed published ahead of the vote, Eric LeCompte, executive director of the faith-based anti-poverty group Jubilee USA Network, argued that dismantling Section 1504 hurts the world’s poor. “Bribes and other illicit transactions, including outright theft, by leaders of resource-rich countries perpetuate poverty, fuels conflict, and threatens our national security,” he wrote Wednesday.
“These deals deprive some of the world’s poorest people of oil wealth that is rightfully theirs,” declared Corinna Gilfillan, head of Global Witness’s U.S. office.
“As Exxon CEO, Rex Tillerson did everything in his power to gut this law, because it doesn’t suit big oil’s corrupt business model,” she continued. Now that he’s secretary of State, Gilfillan added, “Congress has immediately sanctioned corruption by green lighting secret deals between oil companies and despots.”
But as Gilfillan and others pointed out, the two-fold “gift to big oil” falls in line with the other egregious, pro-corporate, anti-environment steps taken by the Trump administration.
“Given the President’s massive conflicts of interest and his administration’s broad attacks on regulation, it appears our institutions are increasingly being abused to further the business interests of a powerful few,” Gilfillan said. “This is how corrupt dictatorships start.”
And GQ‘s Jay Willis observed on Thursday, “it’s pretty gutsy to install the former CEO of America’s largest oil company as chief diplomat on the same day that the legislature relieves that oil company of the obligation to disclose payments it makes to the foreign governments with whom that former CEO will be dealing.”
“This administration seems determined to operate as a shameless kleptocracy,” he added, “but this is just rubbing our noses in it.”



ARTICLE

“The fight against Tillerson’s nomination revealed just how much fossil fuel industry money has corrupted Congress”
The U.S. Senate has confirmed former ExxonMobil CEO Rex Tillerson for Secretary of State, revealing “just how much fossil fuel industry money has corrupted Congress,” as climate group 350.org put it.
The 56-43 vote went largely along party lines, but got some Democratic support, including from Sens. Joe Manchin (W.Va.), Heidi Heitkamp (N.D.), and Mark Warner (Va.), as well as Independent Sen. Angus King (Maine)—the same non-Republican quartet who allowed Tillerson to advance on Tuesday.
“A vote for Rex Tillerson is a vote for climate disaster,” said May Boeve, 350 executive director. “Negotiating oil deals with human-rights abusing heads of state does not qualify you to lead international diplomacy. The fight against Tillerson’s nomination revealed just how much fossil fuel industry money has corrupted Congress.”
“In the face of this corruption, we all must come together to fight for the renewable energy revolution and an economy that works for all of us,” she said.
Despite the marginally bipartisan support, the Union of Concerned Scientists (UCS) pointed out that Tillerson also received the highest “no” vote of any secretary of state candidate since at least World War II.
Tillerson stepped down from his post at Exxon in December. During his confirmation hearings, the oil baron only offered to recuse himself for a year from diplomatic decisions that could impact Exxon, downplayed the urgency of climate change, and danced around questions over what Exxon knew about global warming decades ago.
“Tillerson failed to explain how he would resolve potential conflicts of interest over the next four years and…evaded questions about ExxonMobil’s positions and actions under his leadership,” said Kathy Mulvey, UCS’ accountability campaign manager, calling on him to recuse himself from those decisions for the duration of his four-year term and ensure that the U.S. takes proactive steps to keep global warming below 2°C, as prescribed by the landmark Paris climate agreement.
“The scientific community and the 194 other countries that signed the Paris climate agreement will not sit idly by,” Mulvey said. “We will be watching Mr. Tillerson’s actions closely.”



ARTICLE

On Saturday, Reuters obtained a report conducted by U.N. experts advising the U.N. Security Council that the U.S.-backed, Saudi-led coalition’s attacks in Yemen “may amount to war crimes.” The report investigated ten coalition air strikes between March and October that killed over 292 civilians, including some 100 women and children.
“In eight of the 10 investigations, the panel found no evidence that the air strikes had targeted legitimate military objectives,” the experts wrote. “For all 10 investigations, the panel considers it almost certain that the coalition did not meet international humanitarian law requirements of proportionality and precautions in attack…The panel considers that some of the attacks may amount to war crimes.”
Saudi Arabia is leading a military coalition made up of Bahrain, Kuwait, Qatar, the UAE, Egypt, Jordan, Morocco, and Sudan. Out of all of these countries wreaking havoc on Yemen, the poorest country in the Middle East, only Sudan makes Trump’s ban list of refugees. Yemen, the victim of the onslaught, also makes the list.
Even before the start of the Saudi-led war in March 2015, Yemen was already suffering a humanitarian crisis, including widespread hunger and poverty. Over 14 million people are starving, and seven million of them do not know where they will get their next meal.
To date, the Saudi-led coalition has struck over 100 hospitals, including MSF (Doctors without Borders)-run hospitals. The coalition has struck wedding parties; factories; food trucks; funerals; schools; refugee camps; and residential communities.
According to Martha Mundy, professor emeritus at the London School of Economics, the Saudi coalition has also been hitting agricultural land. Noting just 2.8 percent of Yemen’s land is cultivated, she argued that “[t]o hit that small amount of agricultural land, you have to target it.”
Further, she pointed out that the Saudi coalition “was and is targeting intentionally food production, not simply agriculture in the fields.” This direct attack on civilian infrastructure comes in tandem with a blockade imposed by Saudi Arabia that has created a humanitarian catastrophe of epic proportions.
The coalition has also been caught using banned munitions, including British-made cluster bombs, meaning that unnecessary losses and excessive suffering have been exacted (another apparent war crime).
As a result, more than three million Yemeni civilians have been displaced, according to the U.N. This is exactly how and why refugee crises happen in the first place — unnecessary war and suffering at the hands of the rich and powerful players on the world stage.
But what does this have to do with the United States? This is Saudi Arabia’s problem, not America’s. Right?
The support the U.S. has given to Saudi Arabia to enable these war crimes is quite extensive. According to the Saudi Arabian foreign minister, U.S. and U.K. officials sit in the command and control center to coordinate air strikes on Yemen. They have access to lists of targets. The Obama administration provided airborne fuel tankers and thousands of advanced munitions.
In addition to regularly drone-striking Yemen, killing countless civilians in the process, the U.S. has also provided intelligence to the Saudi-led coalition that has been gathered from reconnaissance drones flying over Yemen. In arms sales, the U.S. has made an absolute killing – quite literally. So much so that in December 2016 the Obama administration was forced to halt a planned arms sale to Saudi Arabia because of the mounting civilian death toll. It is hard to get an exact figure on the amount of arms sales to Saudi Arabia, but as it stands, it was well over $115 billion during just Obama’s eight years as president .
The Obama administration was also well aware of the inexperience of the Saudi-led coalition in conducting wartime operations. As the New York Times reported:
“The first problem was the ability of Saudi pilots, who were inexperienced in flying missions over Yemen and fearful of enemy ground fire. As a result, they flew at high altitudes to avoid the threat below. But flying high also reduced the accuracy of their bombing and increased civilian casualties, American officials said.
“American advisers suggested how the pilots could safely fly lower, among other tactics. But the airstrikes still landed on markets, homes, hospitals, factories and ports, and are responsible for the majority of the 3,000 civilian deaths during the yearlong war, according to the United Nations.”
America has played its part in this war. But what about Iran? They are allegedly arming the rebels in Yemen to provoke Saudi Arabia, so they should face some of the blame — right?
According to the U.N. experts, this highly perpetuated propaganda is not even remotely true.
“The panel has not seen sufficient evidence to confirm any direct large-scale supply of arms from the Government of the Islamic Republic of Iran, although there are indicators that anti-tank guided weapons being supplied to the Houthi or Saleh forces are of Iranian manufacture,” the experts stated.
Okay, fine. But that was Obama. Donald J. Trump clearly has new and improved plans for foreign policy and immigration and for dealing with refugees across the board. Correct?
Well, not really. Barely hours after his inauguration, the military conducted drone strikes in Yemen. This is in light of the fact that former drone operators wrote an open letter to Barack Obama claiming the drone program is the single most effective recruitment tool for groups like ISIS. Then, on top of these drone strikes, Trump ordered a raid involving Navy SEALs that reportedly killed at least one eight-year-old girl, as well.
Refugees don’t appear out of thin air. While Trump uses refugees from seven Muslim-majority nations as a scapegoat for the inner turmoil facing the United States and other Western nations, his policies will only help exacerbate the refugee crisis, leaving parts of Europe and the wider Middle East to deal with the fallout.
By all means, close your doors to Yemen — but only after you withdraw all your personnel, equipment, aircraft, and material and financial support for war crimes committed in one of the world’s poorest countries. Until then, the least one can do is welcome with open arms those who are fleeing a horrific war conducted by an inexperienced, cowardly, violent coalition to avoid further radicalization of those civilians innocently caught up in geopolitically motivated wars.



ARTICLE

Irony isn’t a concept with which President Donald J. Trump is familiar. In his Inaugural Address, having nominated the wealthiest cabinet in American history, he proclaimed, “For too long, a small group in our nation’s capital has reaped the rewards of government while the people have borne the cost. Washington flourished — but the people did not share in its wealth.”  Under Trump, an even smaller group will flourish — in particular, a cadre of former Goldman Sachs executives. To put the matter bluntly, two of them (along with the Federal Reserve) are likely to control our economy and financial system in the years to come.
Infusing Washington with Goldman alums isn’t exactly an original idea. Three of the last four presidents, including The Donald, have handed the wheel of the U.S. economy to ex-Goldmanites. But in true Trumpian style, after attacking Hillary Clinton for her Goldman ties, he wasn’t satisfied to do just that.  He had to do it bigger and better.  Unlike Bill Clinton and George W. Bush, just a sole Goldman figure lording it over economic policy wasn’t enough for him. Only two would do.
The Great Vampire Squid Revisited
Whether you voted for or against Donald Trump, whether you’re gearing up for the revolution or waiting for his next tweet to drop, rest assured that, in the years to come, the ideology that matters most won’t be that of the “forgotten” Americans of his Inaugural Address. It will be that of Goldman Sachs and it will dominate the domestic economy and, by extension, the global one.
At the dawn of the twentieth century, when President Teddy Roosevelt governed the country on a platform of trust busting aimed at reducing corporate power, even he could not bring himself to bust up the banks.  That was a mistake born of his collaboration with the financier J.P. Morgan to mitigate the effects of the Bank Panic of 1907. Roosevelt feared that if he didn’t enlist the influence of the country’s major banker, the crisis would be even longer and more disastrous.  It’s an error he might not have made had he foreseen the effect that one particular investment bank would have on America’s economy and political system.
There have been hundreds of articles written about the “world’s most powerful investment bank,” or as journalist Matt Taibbi famously called it back in 2010, the “great vampire squid.” That squid is now about to wrap its tentacles around our world in a way previously not imagined by Bill Clinton or George W. Bush.
No less than six Trump administration appointments already hail from that single banking outfit. Of those, two will impact your life strikingly: former Goldman partner and soon-to-be Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin and incoming top economic adviser and National Economic Council Chair Gary Cohn, former president and “number two” at Goldman.  (The Council he will head has been responsible for “policy-making for domestic and international economic issues.”)
Now, let’s take a step into history to get the full Monty on why this matters more than you might imagine.  In New York, circa 1932, then-Governor Franklin Delano Roosevelt announced his bid for the presidency. At the time, our nation was in the throes of the Great Depression.  Goldman Sachs had, in fact, been one of the banks at the core of the infamous crash of 1929 that crippled the financial system and nearly destroyed the economy. It was then run by a dynamic figure, Sidney Weinberg, dubbed “the Politician” by Roosevelt because of his smooth tongue and “Mr. Wall Street” by the New York Times because of his range of connections there. Weinberg quickly grasped that, to have a chance of redeeming his firm’s reputation from the ashes of public opinion, he would need to aim high indeed. So he made himself indispensable to Roosevelt’s campaign for the presidency, soon embedding himself on the Democratic National Campaign Executive Committee.
After victory, he was not forgotten. FDR named him to the Business Advisory Council of the Department of Commerce, even as he continued to run Goldman Sachs. He would, in fact, go on to serve as an advisor to five more presidents, while Goldman would be transformed from a boutique banking operation into a global leviathan with a direct phone line to whichever president held office and a permanent seat at the table in political and financial Washington.
Now, let’s jump forward to the 1990s when Robert Rubin, co-chairman of Goldman Sachs, took a page from Weinberg’s playbook.  He recognized the potential in a young, charismatic governor from Arkansas with a favorable attitude toward banks. Since Bill Clinton was far less well known than FDR had been, Rubin didn’t actually cozy up to him from the get-go. It was another Goldman Sachs executive, Ken Brody, who introduced them, but Rubin would eventually help Clinton gain Wall Street cred and the kind of funding that would make his successful 1992 run for the presidency possible.  Those were favors that the new president wouldn’t forget. As a reward, and because he felt comfortable with Rubin’s economic philosophy, Clinton created a special post just for him: first chair of the new National Economic Council.
It was then only a matter of time until he was elevated to Treasury Secretary. In that position, he would accomplish something Ronald Reagan — the first president to appoint a Treasury Secretary directly from Wall Street (former CEO of Merrill Lynch Donald Regan) — and George H.W. Bush failed to do.  He would get the Glass-Steagall Act of 1933 repealed by hustling President Clinton into backing such a move. FDR had signed the act in order to separate investment banks from commercial banks, ensuring that risky and speculative banking practices would not be funded with the deposits of hard-working Americans. The act did what it was intended to do.  It inoculated the nation against the previously reckless behavior of its biggest banks.
Rubin, who had left government service six months earlier, wasn’t even in Washington when, on November 12, 1999, Clinton signed the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act that repealed Glass-Steagall. He had, however, become a board member of Citigroup, one of the key beneficiaries of that repeal, about two weeks earlier.
As Treasury Secretary, Rubin also helped craft the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA). He subsequently convinced both President Clinton and Congress to raid U.S. taxpayer coffers to “help” Mexico when its banking system and peso crashed thanks to NAFTA.  In reality, of course, he was lending a hand to American banks with exposure in Mexico.  The subsequent $25 billion bailout would protect Goldman Sachs, as well as other big Wall Street banks, from losing boatloads of money. Think of it as a test run for the great bailout of 2008.
A World Made by and for Goldman Sachs
Moving on to more recent history, consider a moment when yet another Goldmanite was at the helm of the economy.  From 1970 to 1973, Henry (“Hank”) Paulson had worked in various positions in the Nixon administration. In 1974, he joined Goldman Sachs, becoming its chairman and CEO in 1999.  I was at Goldman at the time.  (I left in 2002.)  I remember the constant internal chatter about whether an investment bank like Goldman could continue to compete against the super banks that the Glass-Steagall repeal had created. The buzz was that if Goldman and similar investment banks were allowed to borrow more against their assets (“leverage themselves” in banking-speak), they wouldn’t need to use individual deposits as collateral for their riskier deals.
In 2004, Paulson helped convince the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) to change its regulations so that investment banks could operate as if they had the kind of collateral or backing for their trades that goliaths like Citigroup and JPMorgan Chase had. As a result, Goldman Sachs, Lehman Brothers, and Bear Stearns, to name three that would become notorious in the economic meltdown only four years later (and all ones for which I once worked) promptly leveraged themselves to the hilt. As they were doing so, George W. Bush made Paulson his third and final Treasury Secretary.  In that capacity, Paulson managed to completely ignore the crisis brewing as a direct result of the repeal of Glass-Steagall, the one I predicted was coming in Other People’s Money, the book I wrote when I left Goldman.
In 2006, Paulson was questioned on his obvious conflicts of interest and responded, “Conflicts are a fact of life in many, if not most, institutions, ranging from the political arena and government to media and industry. The key is how we manage them.” At the time, I wrote, “The question isn’t how it’s a conflict of interest for Paulson to preside over our country’s economy but how it’s not?” For men like Paulson, after all, such conflicts don’t just involve their business holdings.  They also involve the ideology associated with those holdings, which for him at that time came down to a deep belief in pursuing the full-scale deregulation of banking.
Paulson was, of course, Treasury Secretary for the period in which the 2008 financial crisis was brewing and then erupted. When it happened, he was the one who got to decide which banks survived and which died. Under his ministrations, Lehman Brothers died; Bear Stearns was given to JPMorgan Chase (along with plenty of government financial support); and you won’t be surprised to learn that Goldman Sachs thrived.  While designing that outcome under the pressure of the moment, Paulson pled with Nancy Pelosi to press the Democrats in the House of Representatives to support a staggering $700 billion bailout.  All those taxpayer dollars went with the 2008 Emergency Financial Stability Act that would save the banking system (under the auspices of saving the economy) and leave it resplendently triumphant, bonuses included), even as foreclosures rose by 21% the following year.
Once again, it was a world made by and for Goldman Sachs.
Goldman Back in the (White) House
Running for office as an outsider is one thing. Instantly inviting Wall Street into that office once you arrive is another. Now, it seems that Donald Trump is bringing us the newest chapter in the long-running White House-Goldman Sachs saga. And count on Steven Mnuchin and Gary Cohn to offer a few fresh wrinkles on that old alliance.
Cohn was one of the partners who ran the Fixed Income, Currency and Commodity (FICC) division of Goldman. Itwas the one that benefited the most from leverage, trading, and the complexity of Wall Street’s financial concoctions like collateralized debt obligations (CDOs) stuffed with derivatives attached to subprime mortgages. You could say, it was leverage that helped propel Cohn up the Goldman food chain.
Steven Mnuchin has proven particularly adept at understanding such concoctions. He left Goldman in 2002.  In 2004, with two other ex-Goldman partners, he formed the hedge fund Dune Capital Management.  In the wake of the 2008 financial crisis, Dune went shopping, as Wall Street likes to do, for cheap buys it could convert into big profits. Mnuchin and his pals found the perfect prey in a Pasadena-based bank, IndyMac, that had failed in July 2008 before the financial crisis kicked into high gear, and had been seized by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC).  They would pick up its assets on the cheap.
At his confirmation hearings, Mnuchin downplayed his role in throwing homeowners (including members of the military) out of their heavily mortgaged homes as a result of that purchase. He cast himself instead as a genuine hero, the guy who convened a cadre of financial sharks to help, not harm, the bank’s customers who, without their benevolence, would have fared so much worse. He looked deeply earnest as he spoke of his role as the savior of the common — or perhaps in the age of Trump “forgotten” — man and woman. Maybe he even believed it.
But the philosophy of swooping in, attacking an IndyMac-like target of opportunity and converting it into a fortune for himself (and problems for everyone else), has been a hallmark of his career. To transfer this version of over-amped 1% opportunism to the halls of political power is certainly a new definition of, in Trumpian terms, giving the government back to “the people.” Perhaps what our new president meant was “the people at Goldman Sachs.” Think of it, in any case, as the supercharging of a vulture mentality in a designer suit, the very attitude that once fueled the rise to power of Goldman Sachs.
Mnuchin repeatedly blamed the FDIC and other government agencies for not helping him help homeowners. “In the press it has been said that I ran a ‘foreclosure machine,’” he said, “On the contrary, I was committed to loan modifications intended to stop foreclosures. I ran a ‘Loan Modification Machine.’ Whenever we could do loan modifications we did them, but many times, the FDIC, FNMA, FHLMC, and bank trustees imposed strict rules governing the processing of these loans.” Nothing, that is, was or ever is his fault — reflecting his inability to take the slightest responsibility for his undeniable role in kicking people out of their homes when they could have remained.  It’s undoubtedly the perfect trait for a Treasury secretary in a government of the 1% of the 1%.
Mnuchin also blamed the Federal Reserve for suggesting that the Volcker Rule — part of the Dodd-Frank Act of 2010 designed to limit risky trading activities — was harming bank liquidity and could be a problem. The way he did that was typically slick. He claimed to support the Volcker Rule, even as he underscored the Fed’s concern with it. In this way, he managed both to make himself look squeaky clean and very publicly open the door to a possible Trumpian “revision” of that rule that would be aimed at weakening its intent and once again deregulating bank trading activities.
Similarly, at those confirmation hearings he said (as Trump had previously) that we needed to help community banks compete against the bigger ones through less onerous regulations. Even though this may indeed be true, it is also guaranteed to be another bait-and-switch move likely to lead to the deregulation of the big banks, too, ultimately rendering them even bigger and more dangerous not just to those community banks but to all of us.
Indeed, any proposition to reduce the size of big banks was sidestepped. Although Mnuchin did say that four monster banks shouldn’t run the country, he didn’t say that they should be broken up. He won’t. Nor will Cohn. In response to a question from Democratic Senator Maria Cantwell, he added, “No, I don’t support going back to Glass-Steagall as is. What we’ve talked about with the president-elect is that perhaps we need a twenty-first-century Glass-Steagall. But, no I don’t support taking a very old law and saying we should adhere to it as is.”
So, although the reinstatement of Glass-Steagall was part of the 2016 Republican election platform, it’s likely to prove just another of Trump’s many tactics to gain votes — in this case, from Bernie Sanders supporters and libertarians who see too-big-to-fail institutions and a big-bank bailout policy as wrong and dangerous. Rest assured, though, Mnuchin and his Goldman Sachs pals will allow the largest Wall Street players to remain as virulent and parasitic as they are now, if not more so.
Goldman itself just announced that it was the world’s top merger and acquisitions adviser for the sixth consecutive year. In other words, the real deal-maker isn’t the former ruler of The Celebrity Apprentice, but Goldman Sachs. The government might change, but Goldman stays the same. And the traffic pile up of Goldman personalities in Trump’s corner made their fortunes doing deals — and not the kind that benefited the public either.
A former Goldman colleague recently asked me whether it was just possible that Mnuchin was a good person. I can’t answer that. It’s something only he knows for sure. But no matter how earnest or sympathetic to the little guy he tried to be before that Senate confirmation committee, I do know one thing: he’s also a shark. And sharks do what they’re best at and what’s best for them. They smell blood in the water and go in for the kill. Think of it as the Goldman Sachs effect.  In the waters of the Trump-Goldman era, don’t doubt for a second that the blood will be our own.



ARTICLE

In announcing his pick last week for Secretary of Agriculture, Trump heaped predictable praise on Sonny Perdue, promising that the former governor of Georgia will “deliver big results for all Americans who earn their living off the land.”
We predict that Perdue will indeed deliver “big” results—but he’ll deliver them to his friends in Big Food and Big Ag, not to America’s rural farmers, and surely not to America’s consumers.
If it’s true that you can judge a man by the company he keeps, well, judge for yourself whose side Perdue is really on.
The Grocery Manufacturers Association (GMA), that multi-billion-dollar lobbying group that represents Monsanto, Dow, Dupont, Coca-Cola, General Mills (you get the picture) rushed to praise Perdue’s nomination. In a statement, GMA’s president said her group “looks forward to working with [Perdue] on issues key to keeping America’s food the safest and most affordable food supply in the history of the world.”  Coming from the GMA, leader of the charge to keep labels off GMO foods, we know that “safest and most affordable food” is code for “industrial chemical GMO food.”
And by now, we also all know that Perdue, who was named 2009 Governor of the Year by the Biotechnology Innovation Organization, counts both Monsanto  and Coca-Cola  among his many corporate campaign donors.
What else do we know about Perdue? Here are some not-so-fun facts:
•    Perdue hails from Georgia, which leads the country in poultry production, most of which comes from factory farms. Although he’s not related to the founders of Perdue Farms, Perdue helped the giant chicken-producing factory farm business expand its Georgia operations by $155 million. That might explain, as Grubstreet points out, why the National Chicken Council, which lobbies on behalf of the poultry industry, can’t wait for Perdue to be confirmed.
•    A former fertilizer salesman, Perdue at one time owned Houston Fertilizer and Grain which, after its acquisition of Milner Milling Co., morphed into AGrowStar, a grain business with operations across Georgia and South Carolina. His supporters cite his business operations as proof that he’s qualified to lead the USDA. They fail to mention the role chemical fertilizers play in water pollution and global warming, much less the cost to farmers of relying on synthetic inputs instead of regenerative practices which rely on organic composting and that improve both crop yields and soil health, without the pollution side effects.
•    Perdue has a degree in veterinarian medicine which, coupled with his professed disdain for regulations that he deems “unfriendly” to farmers, means he’s more likely to overlook (or overturn) existing regulations requiring veterinarians to cut back on the use of antibiotics in order to  address the current health crisis—antibiotic-resistance—caused by the over-use of antibiotics, especially in animal feed.
•    Perdue is a climate-denier who made headlines in 2007 when he prayed for rain during a drought. Alternet reported that “backed up by a choir singing ‘Amazing Grace,’ accompanied by three Protestant ministers, and twenty demonstrators from the Atlanta Freethought Society, Sonny Perdue, Georgia’s Baptist governor, led a crowd of hundreds in prayers for rain.” Not that there’s anything wrong with praying, but how about also acknowledging the role healthy soils play in making crops resistant to drought, and even preventing it in the first place? We probably won’t get that acknowledgement from a man who once said this: “It’s become a running joke among the public, and liberals have lost all credibility when it comes to climate science because their arguments have become so ridiculous and so obviously disconnected from reality.”
•    Perdue has no qualms about taking government handouts. Environmental Working Group (EWG) reports that between 1995 and 2014, he cashed in on $278,679 in taxpayer-funded subsidies for his various businesses. Will he be open to overhauling the current system which doles out $25 billion/year in subsidies (paid out mostly to large producers, not small farmers) for commodity crops, like wheat, GMO corn, GMO cotton and GMO soy? And instead support subsidies for organic and regenerative (and small) farmers who are reducing pollution, producing more nutrient-dense (and pesticide-free) foods while enhancing their soils’ capacity to draw down and sequester carbon? Again, not likely we think, given that Perdue is co-founder of Perdue Partners, a global trading company that specializes in trading goods and services, including commodities, and that he assured Trump that trade will be a big priority for him.
•    Perdue apparently hasn’t made the connection between junk food and health (much less industrial ag and global warming). At a 2003 meeting organized by his wife (then first lady of Georgia) and sponsored by Coca-Cola and Chick-fil-A, Perdue praised the soda giant for its “ its continued effort to grow its business presence and invest in Georgia, as the Company prepares to open a $100 million plus expansion to its Atlanta production facilities.”
Before his nomination, Perdue served on Trump’s ag advisory committee whose talking points, as reported on November 15, by Politico, “offer a roadmap on how President-Elect Donald Trump’s agriculture secretary could shape agricultural policies, including the sweeping promise to ‘defend American agriculture against its critics,’”. . (emphasis ours).  Of course, what the committee means by “American” agriculture is industrial factory farm and GMO commodity agriculture. And we all know who the committee sees as its critics—that would be us and a host of other groups that advocate for healthy food and a clean environment.
For all the talk about sticking up for rural farmers and rural America, the plain fact is this: Perdue’s track record consistently reveals his support for corporate agribusiness—not small farmers or rural Americans. There are his aforementioned corporate campaign donations. And this—in 2009, Perdue signed a bill that blocked local communities in Georgia from regulating animal cruelty, worker safety and pollution related to factory farms. That’s hardly “looking out” for the little guy.
Given his known (real) priorities, we predict that right out of the gate, Perdue will go after new USDA regulations, passed under the Obama Administration in December 2016, that are designed to “expand small farmers’ ‘protections against the most egregious retaliatory practices’ used by big chicken companies like Tyson.” Those rules can’t go into effect until a 60-day comment period has passed—which gives Perdue plenty of time to quash them in order to protect his state’s $39-billion factory farm chicken industry. If he does go after the new regulations, it will be his way of confirming his support for the highly profitable Tyson-type corporations—not small farmers who currently suffer, financially and otherwise, under a system that is titled in favor of big corporations.
If confirmed, Perdue will oversee a budget of more than $140 billion and a staff of more than 100,000 people in an office that, as Civil Eats points out, executes “policy in a wide variety of areas, including food, agriculture, natural resources, rural development, and nutrition. The agency oversees the national school lunch program and Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) as well as food safety and farm policy programs, the Forest Service, and various land and water conservation efforts.”
And of course, Perdue will play a key role in negotiating the 2018 farm bill.
We’d love to see Perdue really support rural farmers and Americans, by supporting the farmers who are farming in a responsible way. But as Naomi Klein said, the Trump cabinet is a “corporate coup d’état. Perdue, from all appearances, fits right in with the rest of the millionaire and billionaire corporate cronies tapped by Trump to run the country. The last time he ran for governor, in 2006, financial statements showed he was worth about $6 million and his businesses about $2.8 million, according to Politico.
Perdue may have impressed Trump by showing up for his job interview wearing a backpack and a tie with little tractors on it.  But most farmers are smart enough to see through Perdue’s phony concern for rural farmers, no matter how he dresses it up.  And it will sure take a lot more than that to convince us that Perdue will support the real future of agriculture—which is organic and regenerative.
Please call your Senators and ask them to reject Sonny Perdue for USDA secretary of agriculture.



ARTICLE

The former records supervisor of the Albuquerque police department is claiming in a sworn affidavit that officers illegally deleted and altered videos of shootings and other controversial incidents.
According to the nine page affidavit, created by Reynaldo Chavez, one of the incidents in question involved the deadly April 2014 shooting of 19-year-old Mary Hawkes, who was suspected of stealing a car. Chavez said that three body camera videos that recorded what occurred were, at least, partially deleted.
Another incident involved the June 2014 shooting of an informant named Jeremy Robertson, who was suspected of violating his probation. The affidavit said surveillance video recorded from a salon showed “the tell-tale signs that it has been altered and images that had been captured are now deleted.”
Citing additional incidents, Chavez maintained that he personally witnessed Assistant Chief Robert Huntsman say, “we can make this disappear” in reference to the memory card of a particular police camera. Chavez also stated that officers in multiple APD divisions received instructions to not write reports until a review of their videos had been conducted.
As such, when videos were determined to have no images harmful to the department, officers would write in their reports that “they had recorded a given incident,” Chavez’s sworn testimony said. If images were determined to be “problematic” for the department however, officers were instructed to not reference the recording or blame malfunctioning equipment.
According to the affidavit, if officers had already written reports that described recordings, “the video would be altered or corrupted if it was damaging to the police department.” Chavez said he reported the “illegal and unlawful” behavior to an APD supervisor and was told by deputy city attorney Kathy Levy that “she was handling the situation.”
Levy, who is now retired, maintains that no such conversation took place however. Police and city officials have not commented on the allegations, but Chavez said he stands by the affidavit, which was swore out as part of a civil rights lawsuit filed against the city of Albuquerque, APD and officer Jeremy Dear by the family of Mary Hawkes.
Citing the Inspection of Public Records Act, the lawsuit is demanding access to audit logs that would likely show which officers deleted or altered video footage. The city has declined to release those records however, prompting the family’s attorneys to file a motion that included Chavez’s sworn affidavit seeking to compel the release of the logs on Thursday.
In April 2015, Chavez was placed on leave from APD while he led an investigation into the records division. He would eventually be fired though, and filed a whistleblower lawsuit against the city in January that is still pending. He claimed he lost his job for highlighting unlawful orders that forced him to deny public records requests in high-profile cases.
The Dept. of Justice issued a report critical of APD’s use of force following a federal investigation launched in 2014. It revealed systemic problems at the department and found that officers were involved in over 40 police shootings between 2010 and 2014. Twenty-six of them led to suspect deaths.



ARTICLE

Moves come amid growing concern that Trump and his appointees will suppress scientific innovation and research to advance their own ideological agenda
Though the majority of President Donald Trump’s controversial cabinet nominations have not yet been confirmed, his so-called “beachhead” teams have arrived at their respective agencies, carrying out orders that make clear that the “War on Science” has begun.
On Tuesday, BuzzFeed broke the news that scientists at the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) are no longer allowed to share information about taxpayer-funded research with the public.
In an email sent Monday and obtained by the news outlet, Sharon Drumm, chief of staff for the USDA’s primary in-house research arm, the Agricultural Research Service (ARS), told the department: “Starting immediately and until further notice, ARS will not release any public-facing documents…This includes, but is not limited to, news releases, photos, fact sheets, news feeds, and social media content.”
As BuzzFeed noted,
Though some Agricultural Research Service work touches on sensitive subjects like pesticides and genetically modified food, its research is generally less politically charged than that conducted by other agencies, especially those focused on understanding climate change, such as the Environmental Protection Agency.  But under the Obama administration, the Agriculture Department funneled research money into finding ways of cutting down the release of methane, a potent greenhouse gas, from cows.
At the same time, Trump surrogate Myron Ebell, a climate change denier who has led the transition for the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), has confirmed reports that the new administration has ordered a “freeze” on grants and contracts at the agency—a move that the Union of Concerned Scientists (UCS) warns “could seriously impede the agency’s work…protect[ing] our health and the environment from pollution.”
In a press statement, Andrew Rosenberg, director of the Center for Science and Democracy at UCS, condemned the moves, describing the as “equally short-sighted and destructive.”
“These actions don’t just threaten scientists—they threaten everyone in the country who breathes air, drinks water, and eats food,” said Rosenberg. “These agency scientists carry out research in support of policies that protect our health and safety and help farmers, and it makes no sense to put up walls between them and the public, or unilaterally halt the work they do.”
“That the administration has moved so quickly to clamp down on scientists shows that the Trump administration is more focused on lifting rules on polluters than keeping our air and water clean,” he added.
But that’s not all. It has become apparent that the Trump administration has also ordered a media blackout at the EPA, as well as at the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) and the National Institutes of Health (NIH).
According to an internal EPA memo obtained by the Huffington Post, specific prohibitions include banning press releases, blog updates, new website content, or posts to the agency’s social media accounts, while all external communications and speaking engagements must be approved by the president’s “Beach Team.”
On Tuesday, the Huffington Post reported speaking to officials from several other agencies who confirmed that a similar communication lockdown had been instituted.
HuffPost‘s Sam Stein and Kate Sheppard report:
Officials at sub-agencies of the Department of Health and Human Services, for example, have been told not to send “any correspondence to public officials” according to a memo shared with HuffPost. Instead, they have been asked to refer questions to agency leadership until the leadership has had time to meet with incoming White House staff about the new administration’s policies and objectives, according to a congressional official who was also informed of the communications freeze.
An official with the National Institutes of Health told HuffPost after the initial publication of this piece that an email had been sent to the directors of NIH institutes and centers providing guidance from HHS on how to handle new or pending regulation, policy or guidance.
“The HHS guidance instructs HHS Operating Divisions to hold on publishing new rules or guidance in the Federal Register or other public forums and discussing them with public officials until the Administration has had an opportunity to review them,” the official said.
During his press briefing Tuesday, White House press secretary Sean Spicer said he needed to look further into the matter to offer a comment.
The clampdown comes amid growing concern that Trump and his appointees will suppress scientific innovation and research to advance their own ideological agenda.
More than 5,500 scientists have signed on to an open letter, sent to Trump in the days following his election, warning against the dangers of allowing “political or corporate influence” to override scientific fact.
“Americans recognize that science is critical to improving our quality of life, and when science is ignored or politically corrupted, it’s the American people who suffer,” said physicist Lewis Branscomb, professor at the University of California, San Diego School of Global Policy and Strategy, who served as vice president and chief scientist at IBM and as director of the National Bureau of Standards under President Richard Nixon.



ARTICLE

An 18-year veteran of the Sarasota County Sheriff’s Office was arrested Monday morning and charged with the attempted murder of a 79-year-old woman.
The  Sarasota Herald-Tribune reports that Deputy Frank Eugene Bybee, 46, of Sarasota, was also charged with battery of a victim 65 and older; burglary of an occupied dwelling; exploitation of the elderly; two counts of grand theft; forgery and petit theft.
The Florida deputy met the elderly lady in October when she called the Sarasota County Sheriff’s Office for help.
Sarasota sheriff’s deputy Frankie Eugene Bybee, 46, transported her to the hospital and prayed with the 79-year-old woman, gaining her trust and confidence.
He also agreed to care for her Yorkshire in exchange for $1,000, even texting her a photo of himself with the dog to show that it was safe.

But then it appears he sold the dog on Craig’s List.
He spent the next few weeks visiting her, and even introduced her to his children.
But within two months, the woman called the sheriff’s office to report that he had become too controlling.
Sarasota sheriff’s investigators then learned that he likely wrote checks from the woman’s account to himself and children for $65,000 after the woman denied ever writing them and his fingerprints were found on at least one check.
The 18-year veteran with a history of disciplinary action against him was then placed on administrative leave.
Three days after being placed on leave, the deputy put on dark clothes and latex gloves and entered her home through an unlocked door, grabbing her face and forcing a pill down her throat.
He then turned her car on, leaving the door open from the garage to the kitchen in an attempt to fill the home with carbon monoxide to kill her, according to the arrest affidavit.
The  Sarasota Herald-Tribune said:
An examination found lacerations, abrasions and bruises to her face and body. The Sheriff’s Office executed a search warrant that obtained cell phone data, photographs, security video and latex gloves.
Knight said the investigation concluded Bybee attempted to kill the woman and stage a suicide. Bybee was arrested at 7 a.m. Monday and paperwork initiated to terminate his employment.
Knight called Bybee’s alleged actions a disgrace to the agency and policing.
“It is beyond unacceptable that an individual who works in a position of trust and guardianship to their community, is capable of such heinous crimes. His actions are a disgrace not only to our agency but to law enforcement professionals everywhere. Now that he is off our streets and behind bars, we will let the criminal justice system will take its course,” Knight said.



ARTICLE
Ethics attorneys are not wasting any time in going after the new president for his alleged illegal and unethical business practices.
Raw Story reports that a group including former White House ethics attorneys will file a lawsuit on Monday accusing President Donald Trump of allowing his businesses to accept payments from foreign governments, in violation of the U.S. Constitution.
Deepak Gupta, a Supreme Court litigator working on the case, said the lawsuit will allege that the Constitution’s emoluments clause forbids payments to Trump’s businesses. It will seek a court order forbidding Trump from accepting such payments, he said.
The New York Times reported this is only part of a barrage of litigation expected to be filed against Trump by liberal advocacy groups. Lawsuits like these are one of the few ways left to challenge now that Trump and the republicans control the government.
The NY Times said President Trump’s son Eric Trump, an executive vice president of the Trump Organization, claimed that the company had taken more steps than required by law to avoid any possible legal exposure, such as agreeing to donate any profits collected at Trump-owned hotels that come from foreign government guests to the U.S. Treasury.
Trump denies any wrongdoing, “This is purely harassment for political gain.”
The ACLU is also already looking into conflicts of interests In relation to the new President and his business empire.



ARTICLE

During the Trump administration, our country faces an unprecedented constellation of threats to the regular oversight processes that keep the powers that be in check. Faced with attacks on journalists critical of the president as perpetrators of “fake news,” an era of one-party rule threatening healthy competition between the branches of government, the constant subversion of democratic and ethical norms, and more, the ACLU and the citizenry will unfortunately have many opportunities to provide a public check to keep our government honest.
Well, we just couldn’t wait: on Thursday, we filed our first Freedom of Information Act request of the Trump Era, seeking documents relating President Trump’s actual or potential conflicts of interest relating to his business and family connections.
Since the election, it has become clear that during the Trump administration the public’s relentless focus on government transparency will be critical to documenting and pushing back against government violations of civil liberties. While Trump has, both during the election campaign and since his Electoral College victory, threatened to violate the Constitution in numerous ways, the presidential transition brought to the fore a host of potential ethical and financial conflicts of interest that undermine the Constitution in a pervasive way: by casting doubt on the longstanding American value of the impartiality in government decisionmaking.
As ACLU Executive Director Anthony Romero said:
“Trump took the oath, but he didn’t take the steps necessary to ensure that he and his family’s business interests comply with the Constitution and other federal statutes. Freedom of information requests are our democracy’s X-ray and they will be vitally important to expose and curb the abuses of a president who believes the rules don’t apply to him and his family.”
The sheer number of potential ethical issues facing our new president is sobering. Bipartisan ethics experts have raised alarm bells about Trump’s many business interests across the globe. He’s reportedly in millions of dollars in debt to foreign countries or entities, including China. He faces mounds of civil lawsuits, with more on the way. His son-in-law will have a White House office, in potential violation of the nepotism laws.
Indeed, some have even argued that upon taking the oath of office, the new president is already violating the Constitution — in particular, the now-famous Emoluments Clause. As a bipartisan quartet of ethics experts and lawyers wrote this week:
“The emoluments clause forbids any ‘Person holding any Office of Profit or Trust under [the United States]’ from accepting any ‘any present, Emolument, Office, or Title, of any kind whatever, from any King, Prince, or foreign State’ (unless Congress explicitly consents).
By ’emolument,’ this provision means any benefit derived from dealing with a foreign government. It is well-settled that receipt of such emoluments is strictly prohibited for persons holding positions of trust with the U.S. government. A U.S. official need not also have an ‘office’ with a foreign government in order to receive an emolument from it.
The Framers included this provision in the Constitution to guarantee that private entanglements with foreign states would not blur the loyalties of federal officials, above all the president. Yet that lesson seems lost on Trump, whose continued significant ownership stake in the Trump Organization forges an unbreakable bond between Trump and a global empire that will benefit or suffer in innumerable ways from its dealings with foreign governments. Trump’s actions in office will thus be haunted by the specter (and perhaps reality) of divided interests.”
That’s why we’re stepping in now, using FOIA — one of America’s most critical guarantors of government transparency and the central mechanism by which ordinary Americans can provide ongoing public checks and balances on elected officials in the political branches. We want to know how the Trump transition team and the government offices tasked with supervising ethics-related issues for the incoming administration have been thinking about and confronting these potential conflicts. In pursuit of that information, we’ve asked for a gamut of documents — legal opinions, policy advisories, communications, and more — that address them. And we aim to publish the responses so that the American public can do its job conducting broad-based democratic oversight of the new administration.
The many conflict-of-interest issues presented by Donald Trump’s assumption of the presidency threaten to undermine the public’s confidence in government, the global community’s trust in our nation’s chief executive, and even potentially our national security. With this FOIA — surely the first of many to come during the next four years — we hope to facilitate the public’s indispensable role in checking the power of our public officials.
Because remember: While the president may ordinarily play the boss on television, now that he’s taken the oath of office, he works for us.



ARTICLE

Trump’s aide Kellyanne Conway defended White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer’s lies on Sunday by saying that he had simply presented “alternative facts” about the crowd size at President Donald Trump’s inauguration.
Raw Story reported that during an interview on Meet the Press, Chuck Todd asked Conway why Spicer felt the need to berate the press over the weekend for accurately reporting that Trump’s crowd sizes were dwarfed by the attendance at President Barack Obama’s 2008 inauguration.
The Trump administration is now referring to their lies as “alternative facts” while they are scolding press for reporting actual facts.
“Don’t be so overly dramatic about it, Chuck,” Conway scoffed. “They’re saying it’s a falsehood and our press secretary, Sean Spicer, gave alternative facts to that.”
“Wait a minute,” Todd interrupted. “Alternative facts! Four of the five facts that he uttered were just not true. Alternative facts are not facts, they’re falsehoods.”
Conway tried to redirect the questioning multiple times rather than answer for the dishonesty of the Press Secretary, but Todd continued: “You sent the press secretary out there to utter a falsehood on the smallest, pettiest thing. And I don’t understand why you did it.”
Conway tries to play the victim role and still defends Spicer’s “alternative facts.”
“I don’t think you can prove those numbers one way or the other,” Conway said. “You can laugh at me all you want. You are, and I think it’s actually symbolic of the way we’re treated by the press. I’ll just ignore it. I’m bigger than that. I’m a kind and gracious person.”
Watch the video below from NBC’s Meet the Press, broadcast Jan. 22, 2017.

If Trump’s Press Secretary opens up Trump’s reign with lies about petty things.  How can we ever trust what he has to say about important things?



ARTICLE

The CIA dumped 13 million pages of declassified records, including US role in overthrowing foreign governments and the secret ‘Star Gate’ telepathy project.
Washington DC — The CIA has published online nearly 13 million pages of declassified records, including papers on the US role in overthrowing foreign governments and the secret ‘Star Gate’ telepathy project.
The range of documents, known as the CREST (CIA Records Search Tool) database, covers an array of materials related to the Vietnam War, Korean War and Cold War. One example is data on the Berlin tunnel project (code-named Operation Gold), which was a joint CIA and British intelligence scheme to carry out surveillance on the Soviet Army HQ in Berlin during the 1950s.
In all, more than 12 million documents are accessible, covering the history of the CIA from its creation in the 1940s up to the 1990s – with intelligence officials giving assurances that the half-century of data is in its entirety, with nothing removed.
“None of this is cherry-picked,” CIA spokesperson Heather Fritz Horniak told CNN. “It’s the full history. It’s good and bad.”
For instance, details are provided on the CIA’s participation in the 1973 coup in Chile which saw the rise of the Pinochet regime, as well as on the infamous MK-Ultra project, dubbed the CIA mind control program, which involved experiments – some of them illegal – on human subjects, to develop drugs and procedures for interrogation and torture.
It’s now a couple of decades since the documents were actually declassified, though. The cache was ordered to be released by then-President Bill Clinton in 1995. The papers have been accessible since 2000, but only on four computer terminals at the National Archives in College Park, Maryland.
“Access to this historically significant collection is no longer limited by geography,” Joseph Lambert, the CIA’s information management director, said in a press release.
Over the decades about 1.1 million pages from the database were printed out by historians and journalists, but the CIA banned the actual materials from publication.
“Declassifying all the documents in the world doesn’t accomplish anything if people can’t get access to them,” Steve Aftergood, the director of the Project on Government Secrecy at the Federation of American Scientists, told BuzzFeed.
The inability to access the database online prompted outrage, and in 2014, MuckRock, a non-profit news organization, filed a Freedom of Information Act to gain access to the documents, but the CIA said it would take at least six years to release the papers. Journalists and researchers then launched a popular Kickstarter campaign to digitize the documents, collecting over $15,000 – surpassing the stated crowdfunding goal and posting some of the papers online.
The CIA made small redactions to the documents, but solely to protect sources and methods that could damage national security, CIA spokesperson Horniak said.
The agency was aiming to publish the documents by the end of 2017, but finished the work ahead of schedule.
“We’ve been working on this for a very long time and this is one of the things I wanted to make sure got done before I left. Now you can access it from the comfort of your own home,” said outgoing CIA director of information Lambert.
The agency continues to review documents for declassification, so the treasure trove has not been unearthed in full, and there’s definitely more to follow.
What are your thoughts? Please comment below and share this news!



ARTICLE

In June, 2012, thousands of dollars worth of jewelry was taken in a home burglary from the family of David Belles. The items included a tennis bracelet, a diamond necklace and several valuable rings.
Ramsey County, Minnesota Sheriff’s Deputy Thomas Rudenick was assigned the case, but there was a twist: he would latter re-steal the jewelry.
In pawn shop surveillance footage, Rudenick was caught. He sold some of the items for only a fraction of what they were worth after tracking them down during his investigation.
The deputy’s criminal activity was exposed in 2015 after he resigned and an inventory of his cases revealed discrepancies in the way he handled evidence.
Investigators also found that Rudenick had seized surveillance video and signed pawn receipts proving who had originally fenced the stolen goods – leading some to speculate that it had actually been Rudenick himself.
Now, because of the three year statute of limitations in the state of Minnesota, the burglar of Belle’s home cannot be charged in the case.
Rudenick eventually pleaded guilty to felony theft as a part of a plea agreement and was sentenced to only one day in jail. He was credited with “time served” and only actually spent a total of five hours in a cell on the day of his arrest.
In a further insult to his victims, Rudenick was only ordered to pay restitution in the amount of just a few hundred dollars – the pawn value of the jewelry as determined by the shop, and not the amount it was actually worth.
David Belles says the biggest loss to his family was an heirloom diamond engagement ring passed down to him by his late father that was supposed to be given to his future bride.
“To have this kind of thing happen is just unbelievable,” Belles said. “I thought it was a joke. It’s infuriating. It’s wrong. It feels like you’ve been wronged!”
The ring would latter be sold by the pawn shop to someone for $11,000. Since the shop waited the legal amount of time before selling the item, the Belles family have no legal right to recover it.
They have been told the only way they can get it back is to buy it from the third party that purchased it from the shop. A GO FUND ME page has been set up to help raise money to do just that.
To top it all off, deputy Rudenick was allowed to keep his entire pension after resigning – the taxpayer funded amount of $59,000 a year, and has faced no further scrutiny.



ARTICLE

“Today’s action is all the proof we need to know whose side the Trump administration is on”
About an hour after President Donald Trump was sworn in on Friday, his administration suspended indefinitely a scheduled cut in mortgage insurance premiums—effectively raising costs for middle-class borrowers by about $500 a year.
The drop in rate, which was announced January 9 and supposed to go into effect on January 27, had been lauded as an opportunity to make homeownership more accessible to an estimated one million first-time and low-to-middle-income borrowers.
“Donald Trump’s inaugural speech proclaimed he will govern for the people, instead of the political elite. But minutes after giving this speech, he gave Wall Street a big gift at the expense of everyday people.”
—Liz Ryan Murray, People’s Action
“After four straight years of growth and with sufficient reserves on hand to meet future claims, it’s time for [the Federal Housing Administration or FHA] to pass along some modest savings to working families,” said former Housing and Urban Development Secretary Julián Castro when the plan was announced.
That opportunity may now be lost.
CNBC described Friday’s move as “one of the Trump [administration’s] first orders,” and the Department of Housing and Urban Development sent out a release (pdf) dated Friday announcing the suspension of the rule “effective immediately.”
However, incoming press secretary Sean Spicer said the newly sworn-in president signed just three orders on Friday: a waiver allowing his defense secretary pick, Marine Gen. James Mattis, to lead the Pentagon; his formal cabinet nominations to the U.S. Senate; and the proclamation of a “National Day of Patriotism”—with no mention of the scheduled mortgage rule. 
 
.@POTUS signing 3 things: Mattis waiver bill into law, formal nominations 2 Senate & proclamation for nat’l day of patriotism #Inauguration
— Sean Spicer (@PressSec) January 20, 2017
“President Trump campaigned as the candidate who would stand with the forgotten American worker, but of all of the actions he could have taken on his first day in office, it’s telling that his administration has moved to instead make it more expensive for Americans to buy a home this year and beyond,” said Sarah Edelman, director of housing policy at the Center for American Progress. “With mortgage interest rates already on the rise, reversing the FHA’s move to cut insurance premiums in fact puts the dream of homeownership farther out of reach for millions of hardworking Americans.”
“President Trump campaigned as the candidate who would stand with the forgotten American worker, but of all of the actions he could have taken on his first day in office, it’s telling that his administration has moved to instead make it more expensive for Americans to buy a home this year and beyond.”
—Sarah Edelman, Center for American Progress
Indeed, Politico reports, “[t]he National Association of Realtors said the Trump administration’s reversal could keep as many as 40,000 would-be homebuyers out of the market this year.”
Furthermore, David Dayen writes at The Intercept, “by making FHA loans more expensive, traditional bank mortgages become more competitive. Banks typically earn more in profit from of their own products than from FHA loans. So this initial Trump policy also generates a competitive advantage for mortgage lenders to make more money for their business.”
In other words, declared Liz Ryan Murray, policy director for national grassroots advocacy group People’s Action, the move is “a windfall for Wall Street” that contradicts Trump’s populist rhetoric.
“Donald Trump’s inaugural speech proclaimed he will govern for the people, instead of the political elite,” she said. “But minutes after giving this speech, he gave Wall Street a big gift at the expense of everyday people. Trump may talk a populist game, but policies like this make life better for hedge fund managers and big bankers like his nominee for Treasury, Steven Mnuchin, not for everyday people.”
Edelman added: “So-called reckless homeowners didn’t cause the housing crisis—but predatory lenders who tricked consumers into mortgages with exploding interest rates and other harmful features did. More than seven million Americans lost their homes during the foreclosure crisis, largely because of predatory mortgages and incompetent servicing practices. As we were reminded yesterday at Steve Mnuchin’s Senate confirmation hearing, Trump’s own Treasury secretary nominee made millions from the crash, and today’s action is all the proof we need to know whose side the Trump administration is on.”
She and other observers weighed in on the implications of Trump’s Hour One action online:
 
Bannon called Trump’s speech a great declaration of populism
Minutes later, Trump signs order raising costs for 1 million homebuyers
— igorvolsky (@igorvolsky) January 20, 2017
Who’s sending letters notifying every Trump voter who lost homeowners assistance because of the executive order Trump just signed?
— Samuel Sinyangwe (@samswey) January 20, 2017
One of POTUS’s 1st acts was eliminating a reduction to help poor homeowners cope w/ rising interest rates. Those ppl effectively ~$1K poorer https://t.co/Sm2n525YVx
— James Dennin (@JamesFDennin) January 20, 2017
Trump’s first executive order was to overturn a mortgage fee cut that aided 1st time FHA and VA loan home buyers.
Suckers.
— This Is Not Normal (@NetworkJunkyz) January 20, 2017
In Trump, Inc’s first hour he chose to sign #executiveorder to cut mortgage support for low/middle class#MAGA ?https://t.co/HTmi5Fkx8e pic.twitter.com/D5f0dTCOD6
— Christopher Lehman (@iChrisLehman) January 20, 2017
Hour 1 Trump admin moves to suspend price cuts for new homebuyers. A punch in the gut to middle class buyers https://t.co/STT5ZkexXv
— Sarah Edelman (@sarahjedel) January 20, 2017
Trump’s first order screws over the middle class and poor people. Way to go America! https://t.co/903IWpXTOx
— Matt Murphy (@MattMurph24) January 20, 2017



ARTICLE
“He just swore on the Bible to ‘preserve, protect, and defend the Constitution of the United States’…he has already failed.”
President Donald Trump is already in violation of the Constitution over a lease on his Washington, D.C. hotel, a government ethics watchdog warned on Friday.
The president owns more than three-quarters of the lease on Trump International Hotel, located in the federal Old Post Office building on Pennsylvania Avenue—a lease which bars elected officials from receiving “any share or part of [the Lease], or to any benefit that may arise therefrom,” according to the group, Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington (CREW).
CREW filed a complaint (pdf) Friday with the lease-holding Government Services Administration (GSA), urging the agency to terminate the lease if the Trump Old Post Office LLC does not resolve the violation.
“The lease bans elected officials from benefiting to avoid conflicts of interest with their duties. We know Trump likes to renegotiate contracts for better deals. If that happened here, it will be the president negotiating against the government he leads. His best interests are not the same as those of the American tax payer,” said CREW executive director Noah Bookbinder.
Moreover, the hotel could put Trump in violation of another Constitutional clause which aims to prevent foreign influence on U.S. politics.
With foreign diplomats renting out space in the hotel, CREW says it’s possible those transactions could be used to curry favor with the president.
“Now that he has taken the oath of office, President Trump stands in violation of the Constitution’s emoluments clause,” Bookbinder said. “He just swore on the Bible to ‘preserve, protect, and defend the Constitution of the United States,’ but by continuing to accept payments from foreign governments, he has already failed.”
“We do not yet know just to what extent this violation goes—because he is the first person elected to the presidency in decades to fail to clear the ethical bar of Richard Nixon and release his tax returns, much of his foreign business has remained secret. But we do know that there must be accountability for anyone, including the president, for violating the Constitution,” Bookbinder said.
Watchdog groups have long warned that Trump’s historic conflicts of interest could put him in violation of the Constitution on day one of his presidency.



ARTICLE

About 60 house Democrats have already vowed not to attend the presidential inauguration because of Russian election hacking information that has not been released to the public. He even calls for a 9/11 type panel to investigate the issue.
Rep. Elijah Cummings (D-MD) asserted that the general public would boycott Donald Trump’s presidential inauguration if they had access to classified information about Russia’s interference in the U.S. election, reports David Edwards of Raw Story.
During an interview with CNN’s Chris Cuomo, Cummings said he will attend the inauguration but he supported the actions of the roughly 60 Democratic lawmakers who have vowed not to show up, according to The Washington Times.
“You’ve got to understand that members of Congress have a lot of information that the public does not have,” Cummings said. “And I can tell you over the last week or two, the classified briefings that I have been to, and if the public knew what members of Congress know…”
“Why don’t they?” Cuomo interrupted. “If it’s that important that it’s going to make people not go to the inauguration… shouldn’t people know?”
Cummings continues to push for Congress to move forward with an investigation into the role both Russia and FBI Director James Comey played in influencing the U.S. election. This would allow more important information to be released to the public.
“It seems as if the Republicans are sort of letting President-elect Trump sort of just move forward with regard to the conflict of interest issues [and] this whole hacking issue,” the Maryland Democrat noted. “And I’m really concerned that we as Democrats have to push harder on Republicans to do something so that our standards are met and that he gets rid of these conflicts and he also deals with the hacking.”
Cummings said, however, that he would be attending the inauguration, not because he supported Trump, but for the historical aspect of the event.
“I want to be a witness to history,” he told Cuomo. “But I also want it understood that this our watch and we’ve got to protect this democracy. This, to me, is bigger than President-elect Trump. I’m concerned that we are moving slowly but surely towards a crisis of a legitimacy with regard to our core institutions: CIA, FBI, NSA.”
Cummings also notes the GOP has even attacked the Office of Ethics
“Even our Office of Government Ethics has been attacked by the Republicans,” the lawmaker pointed out. “At some point a lot of information is going to come to me as the top person on the Oversight and Government Reform committee and I don’t want anybody to say, ‘Well, he was just one the people that was protesting.’ I want them to understand, this is not about Democrat or Republican.”
“We need Congress 9/11-type panel,” Cummings concluded.
Watch the video of the interview below:

(Article by Jeremiah Jones)



ARTICLE
Let’s be honest. Conflicts of interest are boring.
The president-elect knows this. In fact, he’s banking on it.
Instead of addressing his conflicts in a meaningful way at his press conference last week, Trump pointed to a stack of folders behind him. He then turned the press conference over to a lawyer, who talked about Trump’s plans for long enough for viewers to lose interest. It sounded official and complicated, even though it’s an embellished version of his November announcement to turn the business over to his children.
Many condemned Trump’s plan to handle his myriad conflicts of interest as president as wholly inadequate, including the director of the U.S. Office of Government Ethics.
But most likely, Trump will get away with it – for now – and continue to ignore the warnings of government ethics officials, tasked with preventing things from going terribly wrong.
For decades, they’ve been so successful at preventing a major government ethics scandal, Trump’s conflicts of interest now seem academic and even soporific to the average voter. Unfortunately for Trump, his unwillingness to listen makes a disaster much more likely. On the upside, a scandal would at least remind Americans why ethics-based precautions matter.
Trump’s plan consists of handing management of the family business to his sons, Don and Eric, and a current Trump executive. Trump pledges not to discuss business with his sons.
Trump will not be divesting his golf clubs, commercial properties, resorts, hotels or royalty rights. The plan also provides for no “new” foreign deals, though new domestic deals will be permitted subject to a “vetting process.” Existing foreign and domestic deals will presumably continue.
Walter Shaub, who directs the Office of Government Ethics, condemned Trump’s plan as “meaningless.” Turning over management of the business to others – especially his own children – is not a “blind trust” because Trump “knows what he owns.” Trump’s own attorney used this fact as an argument that nothing could be done about the conflict.
Shaub disagreed. If Trump divests his assets and places them in a blind trust – meant to prevent an elected official from making decisions that would benefit his or her own business interests – he won’t know what he owns. The independent trustee would make decision about selling assets and which assets to buy in their place. Under the government’s standard blind trust agreement, the trustee wouldn’t tell the president which assets are in the trust.
Nevertheless, Republican Representative Jason Chaffetz called Shaub “highly unethical” for publicly criticizing Trump’s plan.
It’s certainly unusual, but, as with all things Trump, we’re in uncharted waters.
For some Trump supporters, all of this ethics criticism feels alarmist and exaggerated. One explained to me that these conflicts of interests are all hypothetical and abstract. Nothing terrible has happened yet. He argued that Trump’s potentially problematic behavior thus far – like his business-related inquiries of the Argentinian president or complaints to Brexit leaders about wind farms near his golf course – is small potatoes compared to other national priorities.
This reaction is understandable. It’s hard to imagine a giant presidential ethics scandal because there hasn’t been one since the Nixon administration. Why worry?
Anyone in the business of prevention understands this challenge. In “The Black Swan,” Wharton scholar Nicholas Nassim Taleb described the most “mistreated heroes” as those “we do not know were heroes, who saved our lives, who helped us [by] avoid[ing] disasters.”
Taleb presents the thought experiment of a hypothetical legislator who passed a law requiring that cockpit doors be locked as of Sept. 10, 2001. Yes, the legislator would have succeeded in preventing a terrorist attack. But he would also erase the proof that his legislation was valuable.
In the business of prevention, the benefits are hypothetical and the costs are real. The diseases prevented by vaccines have become so rare that they have reached the status of a hypothetical threat. Some parents now decline vaccines based on ephemeral fears because the benefits have become even more ephemeral.
William Ruckelshaus, a Republican and the first Environmental Protection Agency administrator, summed up the problem nicely:
“During the late ‘60s, the early ‘70s … [y]ou could see the air pollution on your way to work in the morning. When I first moved to Washington, the air was brown, mostly associated with automobile emissions. We had rivers that caught on fire like the (Cuyahoga) going through Cleveland, Ohio. …today it doesn’t galvanize as much public demand that something be done as was true back in the 1960s. EPA is a victim of its own success. A lot of the changes in the air and the water have been a result of a pretty vigorous agency going after polluters.”
Conflicts of ethics rules serve as preventative measures, as Shaub pointed out.
Blind trusts make conflicts of interest impossible because government officials both no longer have control of the assets and don’t know what they are. It is impossible to be influenced by ownership of an unknown asset.
All of the presidents since the Watergate scandal have acted as though the Ethics in Government Act of 1978 applied to them, even though technically it doesn’t.
Sometimes, retrenchment can be helpful to the cause of prevention. In 2015, a measles outbreak at Disneyland led to an increase in vaccination rates. Trump’s unprecedented conflicts of interest could do the same for Washington, spurring a renewed push to bind the president to higher ethical standards.In a sense, the entire Executive Branch has been vaccinated against conflicts of interest for the last 40 years. That is until now, with an incoming president who stated repeatedly during his press conference that conflict of interest rules don’t apply. So maybe we’re due for a scandal?
At it stands, Trump’s failure to address his conflicts means that he remains exposed to the possibility of a full-blown conflicts-of-interest scandal. All it would take is for President Trump to have another conversation with British politicians about those pesky wind farms near his golf course in Scotland, this time from the Oval Office.
Yes, it would be a blow to the office of the presidency. But on the upside, it would – to borrow the president-elect’s favored phrase – make ethics great again.



ARTICLE

‘Was it USSR who created Al Qaeda? Did the US support all kinds of terrorist fighting against USSR in Afghanistan?’ one skeptical Twitter user posted, questioning the Post’s reporting.
WASHINGTON — Despite the United States’ clear history of supporting extremists and provoking instability in the Middle East, the Washington Post recently attempted to blame Russia for the rise of al-Qaida in the region.
The Jan. 5 article by Amanda Erickson, a foreign policy writer at the Post, pointed to attempts by the former Soviet Union to wipe out Islam in the Middle East as the origins of religious extremism and terrorism today. She wrote:
“About 90 percent of the population there was Muslim, but atheism was the state religion of the USSR. So in the early 1920s, the Soviet government effectively banned Islam in Central Asia. Books written in Arabic were burned, and Muslims weren’t allowed to hold office. Koranic tribunals and schools were shuttered, and conducting Muslim rituals became almost impossible. In 1912, there were about 26,000 mosques in Central Asia. By 1941, there were just 1,000.”
“Rather than stamp out Islam, though, efforts to stifle Islam only radicalized believers,” Erickson continued.
Twitter users quickly voiced their concerns about the article, which blatantly overlooked the influence of the West on the rise of religious extremism in the Middle East.
 
@V_of_Europe @washingtonpost pretty sure USSR didn’t create the sykes-picot agreement creating Arab hostility towards the west.
— Bartimaeus (@Son_of_Timaeus) January 5, 2017
@washingtonpost Was it USSR who created Al Qaeda? Did the US support all kinds of terrorist fighting against USSR in Afghanistan?
— JustCurious (@Stas01063744) January 5, 2017
 
Lol, Spring Nowruz predates Islam and is on a completely different calendar. pic.twitter.com/pMcpOGWygq
— Arash Karami (@thekarami) January 5, 2017
The Sykes-Picot agreement, signed between France and the Great Britain in 1916, was a secret document which divided the Middle East into two competing empires which would be controlled by each country, setting the stage for a century of colonialism, conflict, and warfare. In 1945, Britain agreed to pass control over Saudi Arabia to the United States, and the Gulf kingdom has been a key U.S. ally in the Middle East ever since. The United States has helped Saudi Arabia foment unrest throughout the region, primarily through the spread of Wahhabism, an extremist form of Islam promoted by Saudi Arabia.
Additionally, during the Cold War, Washington and Riyadh deliberately cultivated and supported the mujahideen. The militants who fought against the Soviet Union in Afghanistan are the direct ancestors of the extremists operating in the region today, from al-Qaida to Daesh (an Arabic acronym for the terrorist group known in the West as ISIS or ISIL).
Osama bin Laden, who became a target for U.S. aggression after the 9/11 attacks, was once a recipient of CIA aid. At the time, bin Laden was well known as a respected builder of vital infrastructure in Afghanistan.
Western meddling in the region continues today. WikiLeaks’ archive of diplomatic cables revealed that the United States, Saudi Arabia, and Israel have sought to overthrow Syrian leader Bashar Assad since at least 2006. Since then, the Pentagon and U.S. intelligence agencies have provided millions in training and materiel to so-called “moderate” rebels fighting in the Syrian civil war, even though those groups have intimate ties to Daesh and al-Qaida.
While Russia does have a history of oppressing Islamic faith, the urge to blame the country for modern forms of extremism may say more about the media and the U.S. government’s agenda than world history. The Washington Post, in particular, has been sharply criticized recently for promoting stories of Russian interference in the U.S. media and accusing Russia of hacking the U.S. power grid, despite lacking credible evidence to support these claims.
Watch “‘Fake News’ Isn’t New: Dissecting Two Decades Of War Propaganda” from MintPress News’ “Behind the Headline”:




ARTICLE

While Syria is torn apart by the warring of U.S. imperialists and Islamic fundamentalists—leaving its children to die of starvation—another country plans to take advantage of the chaos by stealing resources from Syria’s southern region.
By: Justin Gardner / The Free Thought Project  While Syria is torn apart by the warring of U.S. imperialists and Islamic fundamentalists—leaving its children to die of starvation—another country plans to take advantage of the chaos by stealing resources from Syria’s southern region. The theft will be carried out by the most notorious pushers of military hegemony, and they don’t care that it violates international law.
Together, these warmongers and would-be ethnic cleansers will soon be drilling into a vast oil and gas reserve located in the Syrian territory occupied by Israel since 1967, known as Golan Heights. The move would be in clear violation of international law, specifically the Annex to the Fourth Geneva Convention.
Israeli authorities granted Genie Energy’s subsidiary, Afek Oil and Gas, exclusive petroleum exploration rights in a 153-square-mile region in Golan Heights. In 2015, above-ground geophysical tests discovered the presence of oil and natural gas reserves that could make Israel energy self-sufficient. Afek has already drilled three exploratory wells.
Israel has benefited from its illegal occupation of Syria’s Golan Heights for decades, drawing one-third of its entire water supply from the region and providing a tourist and skiing destination at the Mount Hermon Ski Resort. Despite persistent international pressure, including from the U.S., the occupation continues and will reach a new level with the extraction of fossil fuels.
Rupert Murdoch heralded his involvement in Genie Energy by touting the prosperity and freedom it will bring to the world.
“Covering and distributing news has been my life’s work,” said Mr. Murdoch. “If Genie’s effort to develop shale oil is successful, as I believe it will be, then the news we’ll report in the coming decades will reflect a more prosperous, more democratic, and more secure world.”
Of course, the war-stricken, starving, desperate people of Syria will never see a shred of that prosperity and security. Murdoch’s Fox “news” channel has been instrumental in pushing war in the Middle East and obfuscating the role played by the U.S. in fomenting the Syrian war, and soon he and his cronies will be reaping the profits.
While they make plans to steal energy resources from illegally occupied Syria, Genie Energy engages in publicity stunts to pre-empt the criticism that will undoubtedly follow. Last Christmas they donated coats and toys to needy families in Newark, New Jersey.
Drilling in Golan Heights is also drawing concerns about its impact to drinking water supplies. Since the reserves are locked up as shale oil, hydraulic fracturing (fracking) would likely be used to extract the fossil fuels. The shale oil is in close proximity to a large aquifer which supplies drinking water to the region; the fracking chemicals and polluted water spilled onto the ground could contaminate this water supply. A temporary restraining order was issued by the Israeli High Court in 2014, but did not last long as moneyed interests won out.
Momentum for the illegal oil drilling of Syrian territory by Murdoch, Cheney and the gang is aided by the assumption that Golan Heights is already part of Israel. Afek Oil and Gas refers to their newfound field simply as “northern Israel.” A prominent Israeli politician, Naftali Bennett, in 2015, called for the world to recognize Golan Heights as Israeli territory, while calling for the expansion of Jewish settlers in the region.
“I want to challenge the entire world,” said Bennett at the 15th annual Herzliya Conference of the Institute for Policy and Strategy. “I want to give the international community an opportunity to demonstrate their ethics. Recognize Israeli sovereignty over the Golan Heights.”
Dick Cheney, Rupert Murdoch, Jacob Rothschild, and their henchmen have a long tradition of promoting war in the Middle East and exploiting its oil resources. The cabal formed under Genie Energy, led by the unapologetic Arab hater Effie Eitam, appears to have nothing standing in the way of their next conquest in Syria’s Golan Heights.
What are your thoughts? Please comment below and share this news!



ARTICLE

Tyrants don’t allow open questioning, and they hate the free press. They want total control.
That’s why, according to three senior officials on the transition team, the incoming Trump administration is considering evicting the White House press corps from the press room inside the White House and moving them – and news conferences – to a conference center or to the Old Executive Office Building.
“The danger of evicting the press from the White House and putting press conferences into a large auditorium: Trump won’t be called on his lies, and the White House press corps will lose the leverage they have by being together in one rather small room.”This may sound like a small logistic matter. It’s not. The White House “press room” contains work stations and broadcast booths, and the briefing area for presidential news conferences. Reporters have had workspace at the White House since Teddy Roosevelt was president, in 1901.
But we’re in a new era, the reign of King Trump.
Sean Spicer, Trump’s press secretary, acknowledges “there has been some discussion about how” to move the press out of the White House. Spicer says it’s because the new administration would like a larger room to allow more members of the press to attend press conferences.
Rubbish. It’s because a larger room would allow the administration to fill seats with “alt-right” fringe journalists, rightwing social media, Trump supporters and paid staffers. They’d be there to ask the questions Trump wants to answer, and to jeer at reporters who ask critical questions and applaud Trump’s answers.
The move would allow Trump to play the crowd.
That’s exactly what happened at Trump’s so-called “news conference” on January 11 – the first he’s held in six months.
It wasn’t really a press conference at all, and shouldn’t have been characterized as one. It was a fake news conference that took place in a large auditorium.
In the audience were paid staffers who jeered and snickered when reporters asked critical questions, and cheered every time Trump delivered one of his campaign zingers. It could easily have been one of his rallies.
In this carnival atmosphere it was easy for Trump to refuse to answer questions from reporters who have run stories he doesn’t like, and from news outlets that have criticized him.
He slammed CNN for dispensing “fake news,” called Buzzfeed “a pile of garbage,” and sarcastically called the BBC “another beauty.” The audience loved it.
Just as he did in his rallies, Trump continued calling the press “dishonest” – part of his ongoing effort to discredit the press and to reduce public confidence in it.
And he repeatedly lied. But the media in attendance weren’t allowed to follow up or to question him on his lies.
For example, Trump wrongly stated that “the Democratic National Committee was totally open to be hacked. They did a very poor job. … And they tried to hack the Republican National Committee, and they were unable to break through.”
Baloney. FBI Director James B. Comey said there was evidence that Republican National Committee computers were also targeted. The critical difference, according to Comey, was that none of the information obtained from the RNC was leaked. Also, according to Comey, the Russians “got far deeper and wider into the [DNC] than the RNC,” adding that “similar techniques were used in both cases.”
Trump further asserted at his fake news conference that “I have no deals that could happen in Russia, because we’ve stayed away. And I have no loans with Russia.”
Wrong again. Trump repeatedly sought deals in Russia. In a 2008 speech, Donald Trump Jr. said “Russians make up a pretty disproportionate cross-section of a lot of our assets,” and “we see a lot of money pouring in from Russia.”
Trump’s statements at his fake news conference were, and are, big lies. They influence public understanding and opinion about two critically important issues: Did the Russians help Trump win the election, and, if so, why might they have done so?
At the very least, they should have been followed up with questions from the White House press corps. That would have happened at a real news conference in the White House press room, holding 45 correspondents from major media outlets who are assigned full-time to report on the president.
Which is the danger of evicting the press from the White House and putting press conferences into a large auditorium: Trump won’t be called on his lies, and the White House press corps will lose the leverage they have by being together in one rather small room.
And that’s precisely why Trump wants to evict the press from the White House.
A senior official admitted the move was a reaction to hostile press coverage. The view at the highest reaches of the incoming administration is that the press is the enemy. “They are the opposition party,” said the senior official. “I want ‘em out of the building. We are taking back the press room.”
The incoming Trump administration is intent on neutering the White House press corps. If it happens it will be another step toward neutering our democracy.



ARTICLE

An ongoing federal corruption probe is expected to result in at least a dozen arrests of Jersey City police officers, possibly as early as this month. The charges involve improper and fraudulent billing submitted by officers working off-duty security jobs. In some cases, the cops made arrangements with businesses directly instead of going through the police department to avoid the fees those businesses are required to pay to the city. In other instances, payroll records were falsified and officers were paid for off-duty work that they never actually performed. At least one of the officers involved received more in off-duty pay than he did for his regular police salary.
In November of 2015, ex-cop John Romaniello, whose job it was to assign off-duty jobs to fellow police officers, took a plea deal and admitted in court that he had set up a program to deal directly with businesses and cut the city out of their fees. However, his guilty plea to fraud and tax evasion charges as part of the deal wasn’t publicly announced until late in 2016. That delay is a pretty good indicator that he is also cooperating with the Feds in their continuing investigation and has a lot of his former co-workers feeling a bit nervous.
Via the Jersey Journal:
The probe is focusing on off-duty, private security work and has already ensnared one former Jersey City police officer.
Police officers have been expecting the arrests for months, the sources said.
NBC 4 New York reported on the probe last week and said that police brass are cooperating with federal officials to identify any officers involved.
City spokeswoman Jennifer Morrill indicated that any investigation is a joint operation between the city and the feds…
Jersey City police officers are permitted to work off-duty providing security for private companies, which are supposed to go through the city when seeking officers. The city charges an administrative fee of $12 an hour on top of what the company pays the officer. That fee is expected to total nearly $300,000 for the city this year.
Sources said the feds are investigating officers who cut the city out as the middleman and either performed the work under the table or took the money without working at all.
Off-duty gigs can be lucrative for cops, who receive between $35 and $65 an hour depending on the kind of work. Payroll records show one officer’s payments for off-duty work this year — a total of $129,445 since January — were higher than his annual salary, $121,338. Three officers made more than $100,000 from off-duty work this year, the records show.
The records show officers received a total of $14,892,946 this year between Jan.1 and Nov. 17 for off-duty jobs.
These guys should really have known that if the Boss doesn’t get his cut, he’s gonna send some guys out to see what’s going on out there.



ARTICLE

Washington, D.C. –  In spite of French-led U.N. Security Council Resolution 1973 creating a no-fly zone over Libya with the express intent of protecting civilians, one of the over 3,000 new Hillary Clinton emails released by the State Department on New Year’s Eve, contain damning evidence of Western nations using NATO as a tool to topple Libyan leader Muammar al-Gaddafi. The NATO overthrow was not for the protection of the people, but instead it was to thwart Gaddafi’s attempt to create a gold-backed African currency to compete with the Western central banking monopoly.
The emails indicate the French-led NATO military initiative in Libya was also driven by a desire to gain access to a greater share of Libyan oil production, and to undermine a long term plan by Gaddafi to supplant France as the dominant power in the Francophone Africa region.
The April 2011 email, sent to the Secretary of State Hillary by unofficial adviser and longtime Clinton confidante Sidney Blumenthal with the subject line “France’s client and Qaddafi’s gold,” reveals predatory Western intentions.
The Foreign Policy Journal reports:
The email identifies French President Nicholas Sarkozy as leading the attack on Libya with five specific purposes in mind: to obtain Libyan oil, ensure French influence in the region, increase Sarkozy’s reputation domestically, assert French military power, and to prevent Gaddafi’s influence in what is considered “Francophone Africa.”
Most astounding is the lengthy section delineating the huge threat that Gaddafi’s gold and silver reserves, estimated at “143 tons of gold, and a similar amount in silver,” posed to the French franc (CFA) circulating as a prime African currency.
The email makes clear that intelligence sources indicate the impetus behind the French attack on Libya was a calculated move to consolidate greater power, using NATO as a tool for imperialist conquest, not a humanitarian intervention as the public was falsely led to believe.
This gold was accumulated prior to the current rebellion and was intended to be used to establish a pan-African currency based on the Libyan golden Dinar. This plan was designed to provide the Francophone African Countries with an alternative to the French franc (CFA).
(Source Comment: According to knowledgeable individuals this quantity of gold and silver is valued at more than $7 billion. French intelligence officers discovered this plan shortly after the current rebellion began, and this was one of the factors that influenced President Nicolas Sarkozy’s decision to commit France to the attack on Libya.)
The email provides a peek behind the curtain to reveal how foreign policy is often carried out in practice. While reported in the media that the Western backed Libyan military intervention is necessary to save human lives, the real driving factor behind the intervention was shown to be the fact that Gaddafi planned to create a high degree of economic independence with a new pan-African currency, which would lessen French influence and power in the region.
The evidence indicates that when French intelligence became aware of the Libyan initiative to create a currency to compete with the Western central banking system, the decision to subvert the plan through military means began, ultimately including the NATO alliance.



ARTICLE

“I wish circumstances were different and I didn’t feel the need to make public remarks today,” said federal ethics director. “You don’t hear about ethics when things are going well.”
Outrage over President-elect Donald Trump’s refusal to divest himself of his global business empire has grown in the wake of his chaotic press conference Wednesday, during which he announced that he would merely hand his businesses over to his sons.
After the press conference—wherein the piles of paper displayed as “evidence” of Trump’s business handover to his sons were also apparently completely blank—the director of the Office of Government Ethics (OGE) made an unusual public speech at the Brookings Institution in Washington, D.C., condemning the president-elect for his ethics failures.
“I wish circumstances were different and I didn’t feel the need to make public remarks today,” said Walter M. Schaub Jr. “You don’t hear about ethics when things are going well.”
Schaub went on to delve into exactly why Trump’s business plan is wholly “meaningless”:
Stepping back from running his business is meaningless from a conflict of interest perspective. The presidency is a full-time job and he would’ve had to step back anyway. The idea of setting up a trust to hold his operating businesses adds nothing to the equation. This is not a blind trust—it’s not even close.
[I]t’s not even halfway blind. The only thing this has in common with a blind trust is the label, ‘trust.’ His sons are still running the businesses, and, of course, he knows what he owns. His own attorney said today that he can’t ‘un-know’ that he owns Trump tower. The same is true of his other holdings. The idea of limiting direct communication about the business is wholly inadequate. That’s not how a blind trust works. There’s not supposed to be any information at all.
Trump’s transition team has also apparently not been in touch with the OGE at all about Trump’s holdings and business plans.
“I was especially troubled by the statement that the incoming administration is going to demand that OGE approve a diversified portfolio of assets,” Schaub noted. “No one has ever talked to us about that idea, and there’s no legal mechanism to do that. Instead, Congress set up OGE’s blind trust program under the Ethics in Government Act. Under that law anyone who wants a blind trust has to work with OGE from the start, but OGE has been left out of this process. We would have told them that this arrangement fails to meet the statutory requirements.”
“[E]very president in modern times has taken the strong medicine of divestiture,” Schaub noted, adding that Trump’s appointees are required by law to divest their holdings before serving in his cabinet. “Should a president hold himself to a lower standard than his own appointees?”
Moreover, the president-elect’s lawyers also stated Wednesday that Trump will go back on his “no new deals” pledge—in which he swore that his corporate empire wouldn’t involve itself in any new business contracts—and will instead refrain only from foreign deals.
“In closing,” Schaub concluded, “I would just like to add that I’m happy to offer my assistance and the assistance of my staff.”
And Schaub wasn’t the only one blasting Trump’s so-called business plans. Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D.-Mass.) took to Twitter on Wednesday night to call them “a joke”:
 
.@realDonaldTrump’s business plans for the Trump empire are a joke. Only nobody is laughing.
— Elizabeth Warren (@SenWarren) January 12, 2017
Meanwhile, the Independent delved into the many oddities of the massive piles of papers and folders at Trump’s press conference, which were presented as evidence of his ethical behavior—and explained that they were all apparently blank:
[R]eporters were not allowed to look at any of the documents, which all were held in folders meaning that the actual paper was hidden.
And the pages themselves appear to be blank. While the majority of the sheets were hidden, some of them were visible – and there was no sign of page numbers or the sticky notes that lawyers tend to use to mark places in large documents.
The paper itself also appeared to be the wrong size, printed on A4 rather than legal size sheets, and appears to have fallen like fresh sheets of paper. And the folders themselves were also entirely blank, despite Mr. Trump suggesting that each of them related to a different business that Mr. Trump was moving himself away from.
“It is possible that the documents had been printed precisely for the press conference, but the fact that reporters weren’t allowed to check the details of the documents led to concern that they didn’t include any information at all,” the British outlet noted.
 
Not only are they blank, but if this were my set I would fire the propmaster for lack of realism. They are that fake. pic.twitter.com/DPSc3pBv5F
— Amy Berg (@bergopolis) January 12, 2017



ARTICLE

San Diego, CA — Long-simmering social tensions in Mexico are threatening to boil over as failing neoliberal reforms to the country’s formerly nationalized gas sector are compounded by open corruption, stagnant standards of living, and rampant inflation.
The U.S. media has remained mostly mute on the situation in Mexico, even as the unfolding civil unrest has closed the U.S.-Mexico border in San Diego, California, several times in the past week. Ongoing “gasolinazo” protests in Mexico over a 20 percent rise in gas prices have led to over 400 arrests, 250 looted stores, and six deaths. Roads are being blockaded, borders closed, and government buildings are being sacked. Protests have remained relatively peaceful overall, except for several isolated violent acts, which activists have blamed on government infiltrators.
 
#VIDEO: Difunden momento exacto en que Policías Federales son arrollados por un vehículo en Rosarito, Baja California pic.twitter.com/r3SknjOQjJ
— Más Noticias Oaxaca (@Masnoticias0ax) January 7, 2017
The narco-state, or as Mexican activists say, “el narco-gobierno,” is a term used to describe the open corruption between the Mexican government and drug cartels. The narco-state has been in the headlines lately over the kidnapping and presumed murder of 43 Ayotzinapa students in Iguala, Guerrero, in 2014. This has been a source of continuous anti-government protests ever since.
Though the kidnappings remain officially unsolved, members of the Guerrero Unidos drug cartel have admitted to colluding with local police forces to silence the student activists. Twenty police officers have been arrested in association with the kidnapping. Former Iguala police chief Felipe Flores has been arrested and “accused of offenses including organized crime and kidnapping the students,” the AP reports. The corruption apparently goes all the way to the top, as federal authorities say former Iguala mayor José Luis Abarca personally ordered the kidnappings.
One Mexican activist who wished to remain anonymous told Anti-Media that “a lot of people think it’s only the gasoline prices, but the price of gas is just the straw that broke the camel’s back. It all started with Ayotzinapa.”

Much like the U.S., the Mexican government is susceptible to corporate influence. It just so happens that the most influential corporate entities in Mexico are drug cartels — and it’s hard for the government to reign in entities that fund and infiltrate it. Similar to the phenomenon of “regulatory capture,” the Mexican government is at least partially funded and co-opted by drug cartels. This festering problem is an underlying factor in the current civil unrest in Mexico.
NAFTA was a contentious issue in the 2016 U.S. presidential election, but it’s just as controversial in Mexico, if not more so. The grand 1994 “free trade” scheme, signed into law by Bill Clinton, saw a dramatic redesign of both the U.S. and Mexican economic landscapes. Corn farmers, long a vital factor in Mexico’s peasant farming economy, were wiped out by low-priced corn subsidized by the U.S. government, which immediately flooded Mexican markets after NAFTA was passed. The Mexican immigration crisis at the U.S.’ southern border soon followed.
Meanwhile, manufacturing plants soon began moving into Mexico from the U.S. to take advantage of extremely cheap labor — leaving many workers in the U.S. out of a job. American agricultural corporations like Driscoll’s have recently come under fire for employing slave-like labor conditions to produce boutique organic fruit for U.S. consumers. Protests for workers rights in Mexico, which recently raised its minimum wage to 80 pesos (~$4) per day, are often met with heavy-handed police crackdowns.
Incoming President Trump has capitalized on two issues caused by NAFTA — the immigration crisis and outsourcing of U.S. jobs — and his reactionary protectionist economic policies will undoubtedly make Mexico’s predicament even worse.
Mexico’s nationalized oil conglomerate, Pemex, has been plagued by falling production for years. Corruption, which is inherent to state-run institutions, has condemned Mexico’s gas industry to inefficiency and stalled innovation. Theft has become a widespread issue, and oil workers were recently caught red-handed siphoning gas directly out of pipelines.
Supposedly to ramp up production and lower prices, the Mexican government pushed through neoliberal privatization schemes in 2013 and 2014, which were backed by U.S. oil interests and incubated by the Hillary Clinton-run State Department. President Enrique Peña Nieto promised the reforms would result in increased production and lower fuel prices, though production has fallen and prices spiked 20 percent on January 1st. Prices are expected to rise even further, as fuel subsidies will be completely phased out by March 2017. Peña Nieto claims the prices must go up to match international prices, though consumers in the U.S. currently pay less for gas than Mexicans.
Peña Nieto’s neoliberal reforms have fallen flat as economic growth has been anemic for years and wealth inequality has grown out of control.
Perhaps the biggest driver of the current civil upheaval in Mexico is out of control inflation coupled with the value of the peso reaching record lows. Mexican workers are already stretched thin financially as minimum wage hovers at four U.S. dollars per day. Food prices, which were on the rise before the gas price increases, are set to climb 20 percent or more as they correlate closely with prices at the pump.
According to Zero Hedge, in Mexico, it currently takes “the equivalent of 12 days of a minimum wage to fill a tank of gas — compared to the U.S.’ seven hours.” People who don’t drive will also feel the pain, as public transportation costs are likely to rise with fuel prices. Rising gas prices also put downward pressure on the rest of the Mexican economy as workers spend more money on gas and less on consumer goods.
The Mexican government’s deficit spending and Trump’s tough talk on trade have been factors in devaluing the peso, making everything in Mexico more expensive for the working class and driving the general discontent that makes the country a hotbed of unrest.
Overall, no one factor can be blamed for causing extreme levels of unrest in Mexico. Before the Ayotzinapa student kidnappings, Mexico was already seeing widespread protests, marches, and strikes. The last several presidential elections have been contested, and the current administration of Enrique Peña Nieto has only a 22 percent approval rating. The general feeling of helplessness in the face of narco-state corruption and economic insecurity is not going away with the next election or protest, and wealth inequality in the country is beyond remedy. Mexico is ripe for revolution. Whether it’s triggered now by the gas gouging and subsequent inflation or in the near future, it’s coming — and we should be talking about it.



ARTICLE

Trump holds first post-election presser, confirming plans to hand over control of corporate empire to sons.
President-elect Donald Trump on Wednesday gave his first press conference since the November election—indeed, since July—but gave little information on his relationship with Russia and outlined a plan to address his conflicts of interest that at least one government watchdog group called a “failure on all levels.”
Trump said he would not divest his business holdings before taking office, but confirmed that he would hand the reins of his corporate empire and a trust containing his assets over to his sons, Donald Jr. and Eric, as well as an appointed trustee, for the duration of his term. That comes shortly after the sons, and daughter Ivanka, were widely criticized for their continued attempts to sell off access to the president and the First Family.
So any proposal that lets them keep their hands in the coffer, leaders of the watchdog group Public Citizen warned Wednesday, is an ethical failure.
“There is only one way to avoid the conflicts of interest that will engulf his presidency and America: He must sell the family business,” Weissman said. “Unfortunately, President-elect Trump has today declined to take this simple step. The measures he plans to put in place will do nothing to solve the most serious conflict problems.”
Trump “has failed his ethics test,” Weissman said. “Now, America will suffer the consequences.”
Watch the full press conference below:

Lawmakers have been strongly urging Trump to divest his business assets. Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.) last month introduced legislation that would force him to do so—but with Republicans controlling both houses of Congress, the bill is not expected to get very far.
And advocacy groups have called on him to put his corporate finances into an independently-managed blind trust that would protect against deals or laws being made on behalf of the U.S. that would benefit the Trump family.
One of those organizations was Common Cause, whose vice president for policy and litigation Paul S. Ryan said Wednesday, “President-elect Trump’s planned arrangement with the Trump Organization falls far short of what’s necessary to avoid conflicts of interest and Emoluments Clause violations that will dog his administration and severely undermine the public’s faith in government.”
Lisa Gilbert, director of Public Citizen’s Congress Watch division, continued, “Trump’s announcement today fails on all levels. Hiring a trustee doesn’t insulate him from knowing what he owns—this arrangement involves neither the needed divestment of his assets nor the creation of a truly blind trust to manage the proceeds. Further, his sons will remain involved with the trust and there is no such thing as a firewall at family dinners.”
Weissman added, “These pervasive conflicts will affect matters from consumer protection to bankruptcy law, labor rights to tax policy, as well as foreign policy. Americans deserve a president who works for them, without regard to how policy will affect the president’s own bottom line. Instead, we are on the verge of witnessing the first for-profit president.”
In other moments, Trump offered journalists a tense glimpse into an antagonistic future as he shouted down CNN‘s Jake Acosta and called Buzzfeed a “failing pile of garbage” for publishing an unverified dossier about his relationship with Russia.
“Not you, not you,” he said repeatedly as Acosta tried to ask questions about the documents, which claimed that the Kremlin had been in contact with Trump for at least five years and had blackmailed him over compromising personal information. “Your organization is terrible. I am not going to give you a question, you’re fake news.”
“I think it was disgraceful, disgraceful that the intelligence agencies allowed any information that turned out to be so false and fake out,” he continued, referring to news outlets publishing the documents, as well as to a tweet he sent earlier in the day that compared U.S. intelligence agencies to Nazi Germany. “I think it’s a disgrace, and I say that, and I say that, and that’s something that Nazi Germany would have done and did do.”
“I think it’s a disgrace. That information that was false and fake and never happened got released to the public. As far as BuzzFeed, which is a failing pile of garbage, writing it, I think they’re going to suffer the consequences,” he said.



ARTICLE

Advocates and residents are concerned that officials are rushing to declare the city’s water supply safe
Residents of Flint, Michigan who traveled to Chicago were barred from attending a private meeting Tuesday between Michigan Governor Rick Snyder and other officials, who advocates say are rushing to declare the city’s water supply safe.
Outrage over the closed-door meeting prompted protests in Flint and Chicago, where residents held signs outside the Water Quality Summit asking for their detailed water quality report.
Inside the summit, officials from the Michigan Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) and the Environment Protection Agency (EPA), as well as Virginia Tech professor Marc Edwards, who is credited with exposing the lead contamination crisis, met with Snyder to discuss current sample data, ignoring testimony from residents.
“My eyes are still burning. I can’t breathe when I get out of the shower…we’re still melting here,” Flint resident Tony Palladeno said in a recording aired on The Young Turks (TYT). Many residents have reported similar symptoms, particularly in regards to the city’s shower water, which TYT host Cenk Uygur notes was not tested.
Synder, a Republican, has claimed that the water quality is improving and said the summit will allow experts to review all of the available data. But advocates are warning that current tests are not sufficient to declare the city’s water free of dangerous contamination, and residents feel it is their right to be privy to the discussion.
“Tests that show the water is OK in one place don’t mean that it will be OK in another place or that it will be OK the next day if it’s tested in the same place,” Laura Sullivan, a professor of mechanical engineering at Flint’s Kettering University, told the Detroit Free Press.
For instance, in the city’s schools, there has been an inconsistent effort to replace water fixtures and install filters.
The Detroit News reported:
The ACLU, citing information it obtained in a class-action lawsuit it filed against the state on behalf of Flint students, says that while drinking fountain fixtures have been replaced, sinks in school bathrooms have not been tested for lead or equipped with filters even though students could drink water from them.
A central kitchen used to prepare food for students throughout the district did not have water filters installed as of mid-November, the organization claims, and the state has not confirmed whether it completed plans to install filters in Northwestern High School, which tested for dangerously high lead levels in October.
“The history of what has happened in Flint is of the state doing as little as possible, and that is exactly what we are seeing in the public schools,” Kary Moss, executive director of ACLU of Michigan, told reporters Monday. “These children have been neglected.”
Further, as ACLU attorney Michael J. Steinberg explained, “the federal Safe Drinking Water Act requires two, six-month rounds of testing before a determination can be made and even then, other factors must be considered.”
“The mere fact that a couple of months of testing might bring the levels below 15 parts per billion does not mean the state is complying with the Safe Drinking Water Act,” said Steinberg, who is litigating two lawsuits related to Flint’s water. “Any suggestion by the state…that the water is safe is not only wrong, it’s irresponsible.”
On Wednesday evening, MDEQ is holding a town hall meeting in Flint. Watch the full TYTsegment below:

(Article From Common Dreams)



ARTICLE

Protesters disrupt proceedings and social media users launch #StopSessions hashtag as senators question attorney general nominee
As confirmation hearings got underway Tuesday for Sen. Jeff Sessions (R-Ala.), President-elect Donald Trump’s pick for attorney general, widespread protests continued throughout the country, on social media, and within the chambers of Capitol Hill.
CODEPINK protesters and other activists were escorted from the proceedings after disrupting the hearings, chanting, “No Trump, no KKK, no fascist USA,” and hoisting signs that read, “End Racism, Stop Sessions” and
“Support LGBTQ, Stop Sessions,” among other slogans.
On social media, opponents tracked actions and posted their own messages of protest under the hashtag #StopSessions.
Sen. Dianne Feinstein (D-Calif.) read off a list of the Alabama lawmaker’s anti-civil rights, anti-immigrant, and anti-LGBTQ record, stating, “Ultimately, we must ask: Can Senator Sessions be attorney general for all people?”
For many, the answer is unequivocally no.
On Monday, a coalition of interfaith clergy and moral leaders published a letter in The Nation urging U.S. Congress to reject Sessions’s nomination, also highlighting his historic attacks on voting rights, his promotion of xenophobia and bigotry, and his record of voting against equal rights for women. “Not only in the distant past but also in the present day, Senator Sessions’s record reveals his consistent support for ideological extremism, racist and classist policies, and the writing of discrimination into law,” the letter states.
The letter was the latest salvo in a sustained campaign of resistance. Also Monday, hundreds of protesters, led by the renowned faith leader and NAACP North Carolina official Rev. Dr. William J. Barber, assembled in Washington, D.C. to voice their opposition to the “moral crisis” of Trump’s presidency and Sessions’s nomination.
“Donald Trump and Jeff Sessions have backing from groups that like to call themselves white evangelicals,” Barber, one of the principle organizers of the weekly Moral Monday rallies that have attracted thousands of activists in North Carolina, told the crowd. “Well, I know a lot of white evangelicals. … Those who have chosen to get behind the race-driven, class-driven agenda of Trump and his pick—namely, white evangelicals—are engaging in theological malpractice and heresy. … It is a form of heresy to attempt to use faith to endorse hate and discrimination and injustice.”
Barber was joined by the well-known Imam Ali Siddiqui, who told the crowd, “Resist, resist, resist,” and Rabbi Jason Kimelman-Block, director of Bend the Arc Jewish Action, who said, “The role of the attorney general requires a demonstrated commitment to providing equal protection under the law. Jeff Sessions unequivocally fails that test.”
The opposition has also grown to include members of Congress. Last week, Sen. Sherrod Brown (D-Ohio) became the first senator to confirm he would vote against Sessions. On Monday, Slate reported that Sen. Corey Booker (D-N.J.) would testify against him during the hearings—marking the first time that a sitting senator would argue against a colleague’s nomination to a cabinet post.
“I do not take lightly the decision to testify against a Senate colleague. But the immense powers of the attorney general combined with the deeply troubling views of this nominee is a call to conscience,” Booker said in a statement Monday. “The Attorney General is responsible for ensuring the fair administration of justice, and based on his record, I lack confidence that Senator Sessions can honor this duty.”



ARTICLE

Since November 2016, the Wauwatosa Police Department has sat on a very sensitive open records request. Cop Block contributors requested the resignation letter of former detective Robin Schumacher. She’d left WPD in 2013 after ending a lofty legal drama in a $77,000 settlement. Her letter, sources report, detailed how she’d been targeted with harassment by fellow officers.
Contributors requested it back in November, 2016. FOIA (Freedom Of Information Act) requests were received by then-administrative Sgt. Jack Morrison. More specifically, the request read: “Please provide the unredacted resignation letter submitted to Wauwatosa PD by former Wauwatosa PD officer Robin Schumacher.”
Morrison later stated the letter was awaiting inspection at WPD station at the front desk. A .25 cent fee, Morrison emailed, would be required if we wanted to take it. Morrison–who handled many Jay Anderson FOIA’s–was promoted to lieutenant after no charges were issued to Anderson’s shooter, officer Joseph Mensah.
When contributors arrived, however, no charge was attached to the letter. Despite this ease, the typed document provided by WPD was barely three sentences long. Chief Barry Weber’s and Schumacher’s signatures appeared to be the only non-typed words. A 2015 Wauwatosa Now Piece, however, cited Schumacher’s letter as naming “at least five officers in connection to the harassment”.
Schumacher reputedly faced “harassment” from when she has hired in 1999, to her resignation in 2013. “My parents instilled a fight in me”, Wauwatosa Now says Schumacher wrote in her resignation letter. “The Wauwatosa Police Department completely broke that spirit”.
Schumacher left two months after being accused by WPD of stealing drugs from the evidence room. WPD claimed several prescription pills were recovered after executing a search warrant of her home. Pleading not guilty, Schumacher was convicted of three misdemeanor possession counts, and one paraphernalia. A judge, however, waved a 25 month prison sentence favoring 30 months probation.
Oddly enough, WPD waited two years before issuing charges for the alleged pills. The case was bumped to Walworth County Circuit Court, where  it ultimately played out. Walworth County District Attorney Daniel Necci said his office wasn’t the reason for the hold up.
Wauwatosa PD claimed the delay “may” have been due to other pending charges. Robin Schumacher’s sexual harassment complaint was filed when she left in September 2013. Chief Barry Weber, who largely wouldn’t comment, insisted Schumacher was leaving because of her drug charges.
That tight lipped response was repeated by Wauwatosa’s attorney, who recommended the settlement. Wauwatosa’s Mayor Kathleen Ehley also declined to comment. Despite this silence, Department Of Workforce Development investigators found Schumacher’s allegations “believable”.
Wauwatosa Now stated it obtained the resignation letter, and an addition 26 page document, from the DWD. In the longer document, Schumacher states she was harassed because she’s gay. “I am a shattered person”, read her letter, “after all the experiences I’ve been through with supervisors at Wauwatosa PD.” When FOIA’ed regarding complaints Schumacher may have filed, WPD stated none existed.
These were some forms of harassment Schumacher described in DWD’s report, Wauwatosa Now reports.
The city of Wauwatosa, however, went on a smear campaign of the detective. I actually recall Schumacher’s drug case appearing while researched for the documentary Speak Friend And Enter. However, these were all essentially the same article on repeat. I didn’t locate anything on the lawsuit until recently, after Jay Anderson was killed by WPD. Wauwatosa, as a city, insists Robin Schumacher was a drug addict who’d resigned to avoid being fired.
However, according to Robin, she’d been taking medications for anxiety. She kept personal medications in a locker, as well as expired ones. She was also taking medications for Post Traumatic Stress Disorder, and other issues.
One day, Schumacher states, while using a machine, she was electrocuted and thrown 10ft across a room. Her bra wire had apparently been charged by the devices use. Medics told supervisors and staff to leave, as Schumacher would need to be undressed. One refused, however, and later mocked the detectives “saggy tits.”
During the drug investigation, Schumacher was ordered to clean out her desk–containing her pills–and was suspended. When she returned, the supervisor wouldn’t allow her to reclaim her medicine. “He had taken my dignity, my professional reputation, my safety while working, my self-esteem, self-respect, self-confidence, my voice, my medications that directly affected my physical health and my mental health”, she wrote in her letter. “I could not function”.
Robin Schumacher left investigators with this resounding statement. It’s something that exemplifies the extremely questionable nature of Tosa PD. From the execution of a massive and violent drug/fort crackdown against teens, to the covering up of Jay Anderson’s killing.
“When I was interviewed by the district attorney’s office, I shut my mouth about our departmental issues. I didn’t speak up about the truth. I know I was more fearful to speak up about these issues than to save myself because my self-worth was taken from me at work. I know I was miserable the day I was arrested when I would rather be thought of as a junkie by the district attorney’s office rather than explain everything I have addressed above.”– Robin Schumacher
There you have it, she’d rather take the fall than face WPD. Mind you, all of that was written down in her resignation letter, according to Wauwatosa Now. Therefore, the so-called “document” provided to Cop Block is highly suspect. Whether parts of the letter were inappropriately deleted, or if it’s a forgery entirely remains to be seen. However, Wauwatosa Now’s work with the Schumacher case brings this question to the forefront.
If the document was tampered with or improperly release, then it adds to the mountain of claims against Wauwatosa PD. While the shooting of Jay Anderson is the most recent example of this pattern, it’s not alone.
Tosa PD’s closet is full of skeletons far older than even it’s crackdown on teens from 2012-2014. How far back does it even go? Who all has been silenced and threatened, or sacrificed?
These are questions Wauwatosa residents desperately need to start asking themselves immediately. If they don’t, then there will be more Robin Schumacher’s, Jay Anderson’s, and crackdown’s. One’s which you’ll never know about until it directly affects your life. Ask yourself, why does it have to go that far to matter?
Schumacher hasn’t responded to requests in the past by other outlets for comment on the case. Cop Block contributors contacted her for comment on the Jay Anderson’s case months ago. She was raised again for any general comment on WPD, and what goes on inside it’s walls. We’re still waiting.
The document provided to Cop Block By WPD. Claimed to be Robin Schumacher’s full, unredacted resignation letter.




ARTICLE

The Israeli right-wing leader tried to negotiate with the owner of a critical and highly circulated newspaper to get positive coverage.
(REPORT) — Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, under police investigation for suspected corruption, was caught on tape negotiating mutual benefits with an arch enemy, the owner of one of Israel’s largest-selling newspapers, Israeli media reported Sunday.
Channel Two television said the right-wing leader had offered to limit the circulation of Israel Hayom, a free, pro-Netanyahu daily owned and published by U.S. billionaire and Republican party donor Sheldon Adelson, if the Yedioth Ahronoth daily owner Noni Mozes gave the prime minister more favorable coverage.
Steps to cut Israel Hayom’s market-leading circulation could have financial benefits for Mozes, whose newspaper’s advertising revenues have been hit by its free competitor. The left-leaning Israeli newspaper Haaretz said the conversation took place a few months ago.
The revelation that Netanyahu and Mozes would have a dialogue was received with shock in Israel because Netanyahu has openly accused Mozes and his newspaper of trying to overthrow his leadership through skewed coverage, an allegation he denies.
Last week Netanyahu was questioned twice by police in two different corruption cases. The first involved receiving gifts — including expensive cigars and champagne from businessmen — the police and justice ministry said. Netanyahu’s lawyer said such presents from friends were not illegal.
While police did not comment on the second case regarding the newspaper reported by Channel Two, Israeli media outlets described it as “an earthquake” that could have implications for Netanyahu’s political future.
Just hours before the report, Netanyahu again said the media in the country was attacking him personally. “This is wrong, incessant pressure from the media on law enforcement. They release balloons and the hot air comes out of them time after time. That will be the case here too,” Netanyahu told Likud ministers earlier Sunday.
In the past few weeks, Netanyahu has lashed out at journalists who have published critical reports about his administration and his alleged ties with wealthy businesspeople.
As for the other case, Israeli media have reported that police questioned the conservative leader about receiving gifts from Israeli Hollywood producer Arnon Milchan over the past few years.
Netanyahu, who is leading the most right-wing government in the country’s history, will become Israel’s longest-serving leader if he stays in office until the end of 2018.
He and his spouse Sara have faced several scandals over the years, including investigations into the misuse of state funds. They have denied any wrongdoing.
While most corruption cases against previous Israeli leaders did not yield indictments, Ehud Olmert, who held office from 2006 to 2009, is currently serving 18 months in prison after being convicted of breach of trust and bribery in 2014.



ARTICLE
President-elect Donald Trump’s son-in-law Jared Kushner will be named a senior adviser in the administration, according to reports, an announcement that brought new scrutiny to the potential conflicts of interest among Trump’s so-called “shadow” officials—who, unlike his cabinet nominees, do not have to go through a congressional confirmation process.
Kushner and other official and unofficial “advisers” like Trump’s daughter Ivanka, billionaire investor Carl Icahn, and former campaign manager Corey Lewandowski make up part of a team that has the president’s ear and is expected to be instrumental in shaping future policies—but will take their places without being held to account for any potential ethics violations, as the Washington Post explained Sunday.
“With confirmation hearings set to start for Trump’s cabinet, ethics experts are voicing alarm about several other confidants of the president-elect—dubbed the ‘shadow cabinet’ by one—who might not be subject to such scrutiny and could face a tangle of potential conflicts between their personal interests and those of the public,” wrote the Post‘s John Wagner and Ylan Q. Mui.
The news comes just days after the New York Times reported that while Kushner has been aiding the transition team, he has also been pursuing a real estate deal with a Chinese financial firm with close ties to the state.
His dealings with the Anbang Insurance Group highlight “the ethical thicket he would have to navigate while advising his father-in-law on policy that could affect his bottom line,” the Times reported.
Former White House ethics lawyers Norman Eisen and Richard Painter told the Post that some of the advisory positions Trump is considering fall into “very murky territory,” and that “it poses an enormous risk to have a shadow cabinet.” Eisen and Painter, who also penned an op-ed for the Guardian calling for all of Trump’s cabinet hearings to be delayed, now sit on the board of the Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington watchdog group.
Icahn, for example, will serve in a role created specifically for him—special adviser for regulatory reform—assisting Trump in rolling back rules governing the energy sector. Though his position is unpaid, Icahn has stakes in the industry, and stands to benefit significantly from slashing regulations.
As Painter explained on Democracy Now! on Monday, the Trump team may be utilizing Icahn as an unpaid adviser to circumvent ethics rules for government employees.
“You can’t just get around a criminal statute by saying, ‘Well, he’s not a government employee, because he doesn’t want to get paid.’ He’d rather go in there and influence government policy with respect to his billions of dollars’ worth of assets. That doesn’t get around the criminal conflict of interest statute,” Painter said.
Meanwhile, daughter Ivanka has hinted that she would be interested in a White House policy advisory role, and has already sat in on meetings and calls with heads of state and other influential figures, despite not holding elected office. And Lewandowski “remains in regular touch with the president-elect and is expected to continue to do so when Trump enters the Oval Office,” Wagner and Mui wrote Sunday.
It’s a familiar scenario. Many in Trump’s administration—including the president-elect himself—face wide-ranging conflicts of interest, and the head of the Office of Government Ethics warned on Saturday that several of his picks to lead federal agencies have not completed the ethics review process.
But his shadow officials are not even required to do so.



ARTICLE

U.S. politicians and media are trying to demonize Russia for its alleged interference in the recent presidential election. Major Media is even inventing stories to vilify Russia. But what few stop to consider is that even if Russia did influence the U.S. elections, they did not do anything different than what America has done to other countries for over a century.
“Any foreign intervention in our elections is entirely unacceptable,” Speaker of the House Paul Ryan has asserted. Russian actions, according to other legislators, are “attacks on our very fundamentals of democracy” that “should alarm every American” because they “cut to the heart of our free society.” This burst of righteous indignation would be easier to swallow if the United States had not itself made a chronic habit of interfering in foreign elections, reports Stephen Kinzer of The Boston Globe.
For more than 100 years, American leaders have used a variety of covert practices to influence foreign elections. We have chosen and advised candidates, financed their parties, designed their campaigns, bribed media outlets to support them or smear the rivals, and “intimidated” their opponents.
Kinzer says, “One of our first operations to shape the outcome of a foreign election came in Cuba. After the United States helped Cuban rebels overthrow Spanish rule in 1898, we organized a presidential election, recruited a pro-American candidate, and forbade others to run against him. Two years later, after the United States annexed Hawaii, we established an electoral system that denied suffrage to most native Hawaiians, assuring that only pro-American candidates would be elected to public office.”
He also mentions the major influences America had on elections during the Cold War.
During the Cold War, influencing foreign elections was a top priority for the CIA. One of its first major operations was aimed at assuring that a party we favored won the 1948 election in Italy. This was a multipronged effort that included projects like encouraging Italian-Americans to write letters to their relatives warning that American aid to Italy would end if the wrong party won. Encouraged by its success in Italy, the CIA quickly moved to other countries.
America also meddled in Vietnam before the official Vietnam “conflict”
“In 1953, the United States found a former Vietnamese official who had lived at Catholic seminaries in the United States, and maneuvered him into the presidency of newly formed South Vietnam. He was supposed to stay on the job for two years until national elections could be held, but when it became clear that he would lose, he canceled the election. “I think we should support him on this,” the US secretary of state said. The CIA then stage-managed a plebiscite on our man’s rule. Campaigning against him was forbidden. A reported 98.2 percent of voters endorsed his rule. The American ambassador called this plebiscite a “resounding success,”says Kinzer.
In 1955 the CIA gave $1 million to a pro-American party in Indonesia.
In 1957, the United States made a U.S. friendly politician the President of Lebanon by financing his supporters’ campaigns for Parliament. “Throughout the elections, I traveled regularly to the presidential palace with a briefcase full of Lebanese pounds,” a CIA officer later wrote. “The president insisted that he handle each transaction by himself.”
The U.S. Military was even used to intervene in Lebanon to keep a pro-U.S. president.
“Our intervention in Lebanon’s election provoked protests by those who believed that Lebanese voters alone should shape their country’s future. The United States sent troops to Lebanon to suppress that outburst of nationalism,” said Kinzer.
In 1965, a similar situation happened in the Dominican Republic, We invaded in 1965 after voters chose a president the U.S. didn’t want. Our intervention in Chile’s 1964 election was more discreet, and failed. It was covert financing of favored candidates and paying newspapers and radio stations to skew reporting in ways that would favor the U.S favorites.
The U.S even went as far as bribing and arming those that assassinated a major Chilean General who refused to revolt against th country’s democratic government.
The next Chilean election, in 1970, drew the United States into one of its furthest-reaching interventions. The CIA and other government agencies used a variety of pressures to prevent the Chilean Congress from confirming the victory of a Socialist presidential candidate. This operation included shipping weapons to conspirators who, several hours after receiving them, assassinated the commander of the Chilean military, who had refused to lead a revolt against democracy. His murder did not prevent the accession of the candidate we detested, but the United States relentlessly punished Chile for the next three years until the military staged a coup and ended democratic rule. An American official asserted that intervention in Chile was made necessary by “the stupidity of its own people,” which they expressed by voting for a candidate we opposed.
Kinzer also mentions  several other more recent elections America has hacked through the power of money and military.
Among many CIA operations to influence elections in the Middle East, one in 1975 helped elect a prime minister of Israel whose policies the United States favored. In Central America, intervening in elections is an even older habit. The CIA recruited a pro-American economist to run for president of Nicaragua in 1984, and when it became clear that he would lose, pulled him out of the race amid laments about the lack of electoral freedom in Nicaragua. In 2009, the United States encouraged a military coup in which the elected president of Honduras was deposed, and then endorsed a new election in which he was not allowed to run.
Perhaps the most recent US intervention in foreign politics came in Ukraine. In 2014, as protesters gathered there in an effort to overthrow their elected government, a senior State Department official appeared in the crowd to encourage their revolt. She was caught telling an aide which Ukrainian politician was “the guy” Americans had chosen to be Ukraine’s next leader, and asserting that the United States would “midwife this thing.” A few weeks later our “guy” became prime minister — setting off a crisis that ended with Russian military intervention.
Americans are right to condemn Russian interference in the election, if it actually happened. But what Americans should be screaming about even louder is the American interference in elections and political manipulations in other countries.



ARTICLE

An Arkansas Republican lawmaker pleaded guilty in federal court to charges of personally profiting from a bribery and kickback scheme related to a northwest Arkansas evangelical Christian college.
Raw Story reported this could land state Rep. Michah Neal in prison for up to 20 years and cost him a fine of up to $250,000. However, since it is his first time being caught he will likely not face the maximum fine or sentence for his crimes.
A Justice Department news release says, “As part of his guilty plea, Neal admitted that, between January 2013 and January 2015, while serving in the Arkansas House of Representatives, he conspired with an Arkansas state senator to use their official positions to appropriate government money known as General Improvement Funds (GIF) to a pair of non-profit entities in exchange for bribes. Of the $600,000, Neal personally authorized and directed a total of $175,000 to the entities. In return for his official actions, Neal received approximately $38,000 in bribes from officials at those non-profit entities.”
Ecclesia officials deny any financial wrongdoing on their part. School president Dr. Oren Paris III took to Facebook, proclaiming his and the college’s innocence.
“I can unequivocally state that neither I nor Ecclesia College have been party to illegal activity. We have never been a party to any agreements to funnel money to any state legislator,” wrote Paris.
“The Plea Agreement, however, suggests that the President of one of the two non-profit groups — all signs point to Paris (a.k.a. “Person B”) — was actively involved in the scandal,” said Mehta. “If that’s confirmed, it’d be a major blow to the school and its leader. This Facebook post could also easily come back to haunt him.”
Neal dropped out of his re-election race last summer citing “family and business” concerns.
According to the plea agreement, the state senator conspired with a lobbyist, a consultant and representatives of the nonprofits.



ARTICLE

Sen. Elizabeth Warren challenged Trump’s transition team on Saturday when she called for a moratorium on confirmation hearings for his cabinet appointees until they complete an ethics screening for conflicts of interest.
Warren made the declaration on Twitter, writing, “Cabinet officials must put our country’s interests before their own. No [confirmation] hearings should be held until we’re certain that’s the case,” reports The Hill.
 
Cabinet officials must put our country’s interests before their own. No conf hearings should be held until we’re certain that’s the case.
— Elizabeth Warren (@SenWarren) January 7, 2017
“This is ridiculous,” Warren wrote. “[Trump’s nominees] can’t drag their feet on ethics paperwork while their Senate friends try to run out the clock.”
 
This is ridiculous. @realDonaldTrump’s noms can’t drag their feet on ethics paperwork while their Senate friends try to run out the clock.
— Elizabeth Warren (@SenWarren) January 7, 2017
New York Sen. Chuck Schumer (D) issued a statement on Saturday condemning the breakdown in communication and raises suspicions about the Trump transition team’s possible nefarious activities.
“The Office of Government Ethics letter makes crystal-clear that the transition team’s collusion with Senate Republicans to jam through these Cabinet nominees before they’ve been thoroughly vetted is unprecedented,” Schumer said.
The Republicans plan to begin hearings as early as Tuesday or Wednesday, so things could be about to get very interesting.



ARTICLE

Diplomats are scrambling to secure housing and schools for their children after the president-elect said no extensions would be granted
In an unprecedented move, President-elect Donald Trump has ordered all ambassadors appointed by President Barack Obama to leave their posts by Inauguration Day, refusing to provide “even the briefest of grace periods,” the New York Times reported late Thursday.
“The mandate—issued ‘without exceptions,’ according to a terse State Department cable sent on Dec. 23, diplomats who saw it said—threatens to leave the United States without Senate-confirmed envoys for months in critical nations like Germany, Canada, and Britain,” the Times observed.
As is custom, Obama had directed his appointees to issue a resignation by January 20. But political appointees have typically been permitted to remain at their posts for weeks or months after the new president is sworn in, which Politico notes, is partly done “out of personal courtesy for their family situations, but it can also help allow for some continuity as the new administration moves to fill a vast number of postings stateside and abroad.”
But with Trump’s “mission of dismantling many of his predecessor’s signature foreign and domestic policy achievements,” as the Times put it, that consideration has been shunned.
A State Department official confirmed to Politico that even in the case where ambassadors request extensions, the Trump transition team said no exceptions would be allowed.
In many cases, this has “upended the personal lives of many ambassadors,” diplomats told the Times, as families scramble to “secure living arrangements and acquire visas allowing them to remain in their countries so their children can remain in school.”
Derek Shearer, a professor of diplomacy at Occidental College and former U.S. ambassador to Finland, told the Times that “[i]t feels like there’s an element just of spite and payback in it…I don’t see a higher policy motive.”
“I don’t recollect there was ever a guillotine in January where it was just, ‘Everybody out of the pool immediately,'” added Ronald E. Neumann, president of the Washington, D.C.-based nonprofit association of ambassadors, the American Academy of Diplomacy.
There are 188 ambassadorships available, roughly 30 of percent of which are political appointees. As Politico notes, “The more dangerous, less glamorous ambassador postings—countries such as Sudan, Afghanistan or Russia—tend to go to career Foreign Service officers, who are not required to step down by Inauguration Day.”



ARTICLE

Outgoing Director of National Intelligence James Clapper told the Senate Armed Services Committee  the campaign to sway the election in favor of Donald Trump did, in fact, involve Russian government-coordinated hacks, but,
“Hacking was only part of it. It also entailed classical propaganda, disinformation, and fake news.”
This heavy-handed and “multifaceted Russian campaign” attempted to undermine the United States, Clapper asserted, and — although these Russian hackers did not manage to infiltrate any voting machines or tamper with the vote count — there would be no way for the U.S. Intelligence Community to assess the total impact on the election. Stopping a hair’s breadth from calling this campaign an act of war, Clapper posited,
“Whether or not that constitutes an act of war. I think, is a very heavy policy call that I don’t think the intelligence community should make” — and then added, “It certainly — would carry, in my view, great gravity.”
NSA Director Adm. Mike Rogers and undersecretary of defense for intelligence, Marcel Lettre, also testified on reports of Russian interference in the election — but testimony by Clapper, and questions from the committee, eerily echoed sessions with Senator Joseph McCarthy during the first Red Scare in the 1950s.
Acknowledging the United States and other allies routinely engage in espionage, Clapper explained of Russia’s operation,
“I don’t think we’ve ever encountered a more aggressive or direct campaign to interfere in our election process than we’ve seen in this case.”
For all of this posturing about Russian meddling with computer systems of the Democratic National Committee and Hillary Clinton’s campaign chair John Podesta, among others, intelligence officials have not aligned behind the allegation — a fact which has garnered condemnation and outright ridicule.
Indeed, several current and former intelligence officials — as well as Wikileaks founder Julian Assange — have vehemently denigrated the theory documents provided to the publishing organization had been attained by hackers at all. Rather, agreeing with Assange no State actor forked over the damning documents, some in the intelligence community believe evidence points to a disgruntled insider.
To wit, Clapper’s testimony spoke to a report forthcoming next week, purported to evince the Russian campaign theory, but will only show the conclusions reached by the NSA, FBI, and CIA — not every agency said to comprise the entirety of the intelligence community.
“I think the public should know as much about this as possible,” he said of the report. “We will be as forthcoming as we can, but there are some sensitive and fragile sources and methods here.”
Clapper, the outgoing Obama administration, and the corporate press have conflated independent, right-leaning, and alternative media outlets with both Russian propaganda and Fake News — without evidence to back the claims — a tactic surmised by many to eschew blame for the lost election and distract from enmity and corruption revealed in the contents of the leaks.
Particularly targeted for reporting the truth by this anti-Russia propagandizing has been state-run outlet RT, about which Clapper contended,
“RT was very active in promoting a particular point of view, disparaging our system, our alleged hypocrisy about human rights, etc. Whatever crack, fissure they could find in our tapestry, they would exploit it.”
Of course, as a U.S. official, Clapper is duly obligated not to admit to governmental wrongdoing; however, his seething admonishment of RT and surreptitious allegation independent media outlets published only fake reports and purposely-slanted misinformation is not only wholly false, it dangerously portends a crackdown on America’s free press.
In fact, Clapper went so far as to call for a return to the official U.S. propaganda machine, the United States Information Agency, which churned out pro-American news items from 1953, during the fury of the Red Scare, through 1999, when it transformed into the Broadcasting Board of Governors.
“We could do with having a USIA on steroids to fight this information war a lot more aggressively than we’re doing right now,” Clapper ironically lamented, or perhaps addressing that Obama signed measures similar to the agency’s mission into law in the 2017 National Defense Authorization Act.
Notably, the intelligence director tellingly described the Russian interference as an “activist” effort to subvert American democracy — suggesting the press might not be the only target the government has in its sights.
But the fact the U.S. intelligence communities have painted truthful, accurate reporting by independent media with the broad Red Scare brush — simply because egregious nastiness revealed in authentic documents is too unpleasant to acknowledge — proves why the fictitious narrative of Fake News threatens dissent, itself.
“If you tell a lie big enough and keep repeating it, people will eventually come to believe it,” Joseph Goebbels, Adolf Hitler’s chief propagandist notoriously but accurately stated. “The lie can be maintained only for such time as the State can shield the people from the political, economic and/or military consequences of the lie. It thus becomes vitally important for the State to use all of its powers to repress dissent, for the truth is the mortal enemy of the lie, and thus by extension, the truth is the greatest enemy of the State.”




ARTICLE
 
As reported earlier, House Republicans voted in a secret meeting to approve the Goodlatte amendment. This amendment strips the Office of Congressional Ethics of authority. Ridiculously, even Chaffetz Jason, chairman of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, voted in favor of the amendment to gut the office.
The Ethics Office was created in 2008 to investigate misconduct and corruption committed by Congress members. Neutralizing it allows the House of Representatives to police themselves:
On Monday evening, in a closed-door party meeting, GOP lawmakers in the House voted overwhelmingly (119 to 74) to neutralize and reconfigure the Office of Congressional Ethics by stripping its independent authority and making it subservient to the very members of congress it was designed to oversee.
Republicans that voted for the amendment were inundated with complaints via news reports, tweets, phone calls, and emails.
House GOP now in closed door meeting. Rep Walter Jones R-NC says his office swamped with calls on ethics changes
— Jamie Dupree (@jamiedupree) January 3, 2017
The House GOP met secretly again and voted to pull the amendment in response to the public outrage. Of course, the authors of the amendment want to revisit the issue after the mainstream media forgets about it.
(Counter Current News)



ARTICLE

2016 was a bad year for police brutality, misconduct, and police killings in the U.S. The Washington Post reports that over 950 people were shot and killed by police last year, but Cop Crisis reports over 1100 and also says less than 1% of those cops were indicted for their crimes.
When looking at this police brutality epidemic, we also need to consider the fact that UN experts are extremely concerned about the issue.
It is getting so bad that it was even called out by a federal judge in the courtroom.
To help raise awareness of this ongoing issue, we have compiled a list of some of the top police brutality or clear misconduct cases from 2016.  Check out the list below and share with others, especially with those that might not know about or might deny the problem.
 
People in authority positions need to accept that this is a problem that needs to be addressed. We cannot continue to let police beat and kill people and not even be charged for their crimes.



ARTICLE

Gerard Baker, Editor in Chief at the Wall Street Journal is more concerned about “maintaining objectivity” than accusing President-elect Trump  of being a liar when fact-checking statements he’s made in the past.
“I’d be careful about using the word ‘lie.’ ‘Lie’ implies much more than just saying something that’s false. It implies a deliberate intent to mislead,” Editor in Chief Gerard Baker told NBC’s “Meet the Press” on Sunday.
As reported by Mallory Shelbourne for the Hill:
“Baker said news organizations should investigate claims like Trump’s during his campaign that he saw thousands of Muslims cheering on Sept. 11. There is no evidence that his claim is true.”
Despite Trump claiming these events were “well documented,” no footage has emerged, and he is not facing the consequences of being a liar. Instead- he is reaping the benefits of having fear mongered so much so, that he has won the presidency based on fear of others- fear of immigrants, fear of Muslims all found to be unfounded. Baker doesn’t seem to think the normalization of these lies has caused the acceptance of Trump’s lies as being truth, but it has.
“I think it’s then up to the reader to make up their own mind to say, ‘This is what Donald Trump says. This is what a reliable, trustworthy news organization reports. And you know what? I don’t think that’s true,’” Baker said.
“I think if you start ascribing a moral intent as it were to someone by saying that they’ve lied, I think you run the risk that you look like you are not being objective,” he added.
An even bigger problem with this situation is that Baker and the WSJ are not the only ones who feel this way.
Despite increased attention to fact-checking Trump’s claims, the media often spreads his false version of reality before finding out the truth.
When Trump took credit for saving a Ford plant in Kentucky, many headlines reiterated his claim word-for-word without checking — the plant was never in any danger, though it was going to shift productions. The same happened when Trump claimed to save over 1,000 Carrier jobs in Indiana (the actual number was smaller, and came at a huge taxpayer cost), and took credit for new jobs at Sprint.
Each time, by the time the truth came out, the news cycle had moved on — letting the lie stand in millions of people’s minds.
And surveys show that many Americans, when faced with a discrepancy between what Trump tells them and what a “reliable, trustworthy news organization reports,” will believe what Trump says over the media’s reporting. According to a nationally representative survey of Trump supporters by PPP, 40 percent of Trump voters think that the business mogul has more credibility than the New York Times. Forty-one percent of Trump voters think that he has more credibility than CNN.
Maintaining objectivity should not override the goal report the truth when reporting the news- the truth is what that brings honor and credibility to a publication and it’s writers, and to the misfortune of the general public mainstream media’s agenda is to make a dollar, not report as truthfully as possible. In the years ahead under a Trump administration it will be interesting to see how the landscape of journalism will change.
Do you think going forward journalists will feel increasingly censored in an attempt to “maintain objectivity”? We welcome your thoughts in our comment section below.



ARTICLE

When Joel Barajas showed up to work at the office last Friday, he was alone. That’s because he was the only Crystal City council member who hadn’t been arrested, facing felony charges.
Officials in the Texas city had all been arrested  the day before, under a federal indictment accusing them of taking tens of thousands of dollars in bribes for special favors.
The indictment netted the city’s mayor, mayor pro tempore, as well as a council member, and the city manager. Additionally, a former city council member was arrested, along with a businessman accused of bribing the officials, Ngoc Tri Nguyen.
Another council member, Marco Rodriguez, was just arrested last month on charges of human smuggling.
Crystal City has about 7,500 people, and it is located 130 miles southwest of San Antonio.
Barajashas been on the council for nine months, according to local KSAT.
“I knew some things were not being correctly taken care of,” he explained.
The indictment alleges that officials “used their official positions to enrich themselves by soliciting and accepting payments and other things of value” from Nguyen as well as other businessmen, according to the Washington Post.
These businessmen were award taxpayer-funded contracts in exchange for bribes, as well as extorting payments from contractors.
Nguyen’s gaming business monopolized things, as politicians shut down would-be competitors.
It also alleges that Lopez and the other officials extended city manager and city attorney William Jonas’s lucrative taxpayer-funded contract, in exchange for bribes.
The San Antonio Express-News says that that Jonas, a “one-time Republican lobbyist down on his luck,” was paid nearly $180,000 a year. This was after being hired without ever having worked as a city attorney or even having applied for the job.
Residents told local KENS that they had already tried recalling the city leaders. Jonas, however, used his power as city attorney to block all attempts.
Crystal City is now $2 million in debt and facing bankruptcy, as a result of the bribes and secret deals.
Richard Durbin Jr., the U.S. attorney for San Antonio, said in an interview with the Associated Press that he hoped this indictment will help restore some public confidence in the local government.
“What we can do is that first step,” Durbin said. “In the end, it falls back on the citizens to make the next decision on who they put in those offices, because that’s how the system works.”
Each official faces up to 10 years in federal prison as well as $250,000 in fines, if convicted. Is this enough?



ARTICLE

A new study claiming diet beverages may be more beneficial to weight loss than water was funded by Coke, Pepsi, and other soft drink conglomerates. The analysis, published in November in the International Journal of Obesity by a professor at the University of Bristol, concluded that low energy sweeteners (LES) in place of sugar “in children and adults, leads to reduced EI [energy intake] and BW [body weight], and possibly also when compared with water.”
The study, a “systematic review” titled, “Does low-energy sweetener consumption affect energy intake and body weight?” disclosed it was partly funded by the International Life Sciences Institute-Europe (ILSI). Though the name seems neutral — and its board of directors includes qualified scientists — other members’ positions on the board suggest ulterior motives. Doctors from Nestle, Mars, Unilever, Pepsi, and Coca-Cola serve on ILSI’s board of directors. Further, these directors elect the board’s officers, three of five of whom represent corporations.
The lead scientist in the study, Dr. Peter Rogers, a professor of biological psychology at Bristol University, is also the co-chair of ILSI’s Eating Behaviour and Energy Balance Task Force. That task force is populated by doctors representing companies like DuPont, the notorious chemical giant, and Johnson & Johnson. The task force’s chair is a doctor from Unilever, while the Vice-Chair is a doctor from Nestle.
Further, as Consumerist detailed:
“[O]ne of the researchers himself is an employee of ILSI Europe, while the study’s lead author previously received research funding from a group called ‘Sugar Nutrition, UK,’ an industry lobbying group formerly known as the British Sugar Bureau. Others on the team have previously been paid for research by the Dutch Sugar Bureau, UK sweetener brand Canderel, or are — as disclosed at the end of the study — ‘employees and shareholders of companies that manufacture products containing sugars and low-energy sweeteners.’”
While the study disclosed it was partially funded by ILSI and other sugar interests, it failed to note that each co-author of the analysis was individually paid €750, or about $850. Additionally, in a press release, the University of Bristol failed to acknowledge the study’s industry funding. As the Sunday Times reported, when asked, the university said “other organisations had supported the work and it had not provided details of funding for ‘reasons of space.’”
Unsurprisingly, the analysis, which surveyed scientific literature on the subject published through February of last year, employed questionable methodology. As the Independent explained:
“Although more than 5,500 papers were reviewed, the comparison of diet drinks with water was based on just three. Two did not find any significant statistical difference in weight loss, and only one paper, funded by the American Beverage Association, found that those drinking diet drinks were more likely to lose weight.”
The American Beverage Association includes members like Coca Cola and Pepsi, and its study was criticized for the apparent conflict of interest.
Responding to criticism of the paper currently in question, a spokesperson for the University pointed out that it was peer-reviewed before publication:
“This research was published in the International Journal of Obesity, a peer-reviewed journal, which means the data and conclusions have been scrutinized by other scientists. We therefore stand by the findings. It was funded by a range of bodies including the NHS and European Union, as well as ILSI Europe,” a statement said. Though the statement seems reasonable, it is worth noting that the peer-to-peer review process has been criticized in recent years for failing to adequately evaluate the merits of scientific papers.
Regardless, a cardiologist and advisor to the National Obesity Forum, Dr. Aseem Malhotra, discounted the University of Bristol study’s conclusions. “To suggest that diet drinks are more healthy than drinking water is laughable unscientific nonsense,” he told the Independent. Multiple studies have found a link between diet drinks and weight gain, as well as other life-threatening ailments.
Criticism regarding the integrity of Rogers’ study parallels similar skepticism of corporate-funded scientific research. Late last year, following widespread outrage, the University of Colorado’s School of Medicine returned $1 million donated by Coca Cola, which had granted the money to establish a group intended to promote diet and exercise while downplaying the role of sugary drinks in the obesity epidemic. Though Coke feigned a hands-off approach in its relationship with the group, leaked emails showed they viewed the opportunity as a business strategy. Coke’s chief health and science officer, Rhona Appelbaum,wrote, “Akin to a political campaign, we will develop, deploy and evolve a powerful and multi-faceted strategy to counter radical organizations and their proponents.” She has since resigned.
The University of Bristol’s study is only one in a growing list of purported scientific research funded by corporate behemoths and intended to serve their interests. It was recently revealed, for example, that Monsanto funded herbicide studies the EPA used in its decision to approve them as “safe.” More generally, some scientists have condemned what they view as the corporate corruption of scientific research.
Indeed, Coke’s chief executive, Muhtar Kent, recently said the company has “spent almost $120 million since 2010 to pay for academic health research and for partnerships with major medical and community groups involved in curbing the obesity epidemic,” reported the New York Times. Whether those studies actually serve their stated purpose or promote a profit-driven agenda is debatable, to say the least.
As Dr. Malhotra said of Dr. Rogers’ recent analysis, “If you want good science you cannot allow corporate sponsorship of research.”
This article (Coca-Cola Funded Study Claims Diet Soda May Be Healthier than Water) is free and open source. You have permission to republish this article under a Creative Commons license with attribution to Carey Wedler and theAntiMedia.org.



ARTICLE

Brooklyn, Illinois – This week, the Brooklyn Police Department was raided by a number of other law enforcement agencies, including, the Illinois State Police, and the St. Clair County Sheriff.
On Wednesday, local news crews witnessed police from different agencies carrying equipment, computers, weapons and records out of the building and driving away with them.
Local News 4 reported that the raid was connected to corruption allegations, which relate to the theft of evidence, weapons, drugs and other items from the evidence room.
Outside the Police Department, Illinois State Police Capt. James Morrisey told reporters that the raid was “in reference to some allegations received by Illinois State Police and the State’s Attorney’s office. No further information is available at this time.”
One former officer, Chris Heatherly reportedly kept an AR-15 rifle in his car that had been stolen from the evidence room. He flaunted the rifle in a photo that was later used for a police department calendar. Other guns and drugs that were missing from Heatherly’s cases have yet to be found.
The St. Clair County’s State’s Attorney is now refusing to prosecute any cases that Heatherly was involved in because his actions prove that he cannot be trusted as a witness. Heatherly was forced to resign after the accusations surfaced, but he is not currently facing any charges.
In a statement, St. Clair County State’s Attorney Brendan Kelly wrote:
“While it appears, from the evidence available to my office at this time, Mr. Heatherly had no criminal or malicious intent, I am struck by the fact that he is a veteran police officer who knew or should have known that his actions breached the integrity of the evidence in a criminal case. Mr. Heatherly’s choice to remove a rifle from evidence on a pending case constitutes a flagrant violation of fundamental police protocol and thus creates an irreparable credibility deficit.”
Heatherly was the only specific name released to the public, but if the whole police department was raided, there is a good chance that more widespread abuse is suspected.



ARTICLE

The Bureau of Land Management (BLM), the federal agency tasked with sustaining the health, diversity, and productivity of America’s public lands, has been implicated in a scheme to illegally sell captured wild horses to a Colorado rancher, who then sold the animals for slaughter.
One of the BLM’s duties is to protect the herds of wild horses that roam freely in the Southwestern Unites States. However, an investigation by the Office of the Inspector General of the U.S. Department of the Interior revealed that the BLM had sold approximately 1,800 wild horses to rancher Tom Davis, who then promptly sent the horses to be slaughtered in Mexico.
“Managers … failed to enforce [Bureau of Land Management] policy of limiting the sales of horses and ensuring that the horses went to good homes,” the report released late last month found.
The investigation also revealed ominous connections between Davis and the former Secretary of the Interior Ken Salazar, but were unable to find conclusive proof of a conspiracy.
The BLM Office of Law Enforcement had investigated similar claims in June of 2012, but were unable to determine if the horses sold to Davis were ultimately being sent to slaughter, according to the Inspector General’s report.
According to a report by The Washington Post:
The Colorado rancher and livestock hauler admitted to investigators with the Interior Department Inspector General’s office that “probably close to all” of the horses were resold for slaughter and that he assumed they would be killed.
There was “only one place to go … to the kill plant,” Tom Davis of La Jara, Colo., told investigators, whose findings confirmed longstanding fears of animal welfare groups, wild-horse activists and officials with the Bureau of Land Management’s Wild Horse and Burro Program, which manages thousands of horses that roam wild in the West.
The report indicated that Davis illegally bought 1,794 wild horses between 2008 and 2012 for $10 a piece, with federal officials spending over $140,000 dollars to deliver the animals to him.
This is a prime example of government math and subsequent absence of basic economic knowledge. They spend $140,000 to make $17,940, for a net loss of $122,060 — to slaughter wild horses.
The BLM administers over 245 million surface acres of public land, more than any other federal agency in the United States, with most of the land located in the 12 Western states, including Alaska.
These recent reports indicate blatant disregard for the Wild Free Roaming Horses and Burros Act of 1971, which stated that, “wild free-roaming horses and burros are living symbols of the historic and pioneer spirit of the West; that they contribute to the diversity of life forms within the Nation and enrich the lives of the American people; and that these horses and burros are fast disappearing from the American scene. It is the policy of Congress that wild free-roaming horses and burros shall be protected from capture, branding, harassment, or death; and to accomplish this they are to be considered in the area where presently found, as an integral part of the natural system of the public lands.”
The BLM attempts to maintain a façade of being the protector of nature, justifying their actions by claiming they are preventing overpopulation and keeping herd numbers stable and manageable.
While the BLM masquerades as a protector of nature, in reality they have culled large populations of wild horses, virtually eradicating them from large swaths of public lands.
Since passage of the Wild Free Roaming Horses and Burros Act, the BLM has removed close to 300,000 of these majestic beasts from public lands designated as habitats for them by Congress, completely eliminating them from over 20 million acres of public lands.
Revealing the depth of the systemic corruption, the Office of the Inspector General referred this case to the U.S. Attorney’s Office for the District of Colorado as well as the State of Colorado Conejos County District Attorney’s Office, which both declined civil and criminal prosecution of the case.
“It took more than three years for the [inspector general] to confirm what we’ve always known – that the [Bureau of Land Management] sold 1,795 federally-protected wild horses to a known kill buyer who sold them to slaughter,” Suzanne Roy, director of the American Wild Horse Preservation Campaign, said in a statement.
“Unfortunately, there will be no justice for these mustangs, who suffered a brutal death in Mexican slaughter plants.  No one at the [bureau] is being held accountable for this betrayal, and Tom Davis is not being prosecuted for violating his contractual obligation to not sell the horses for slaughter.”
Everyone connected to the selling of wild horses to Davis claimed ignorance, thus no one has been held responsible. This case serves to highlight the massive levels of corruption and inefficiency within the U.S. bureaucracy.




ARTICLE

Piedmont, MO – Tina Warren has been fighting her local government over rising water bills, leaving her at odds with the town’s mayor, Bill Kirkpatrick. Warren has been running a number of campaigns against his policies, and she has even been flipping the mayor the middle finger every time she sees him.
Tina’s local activism made her a target for the local police, who pulled her over several times, reportedly demanding that she stop a petition drive that she was organizing about water bills.
According to Warren, her house was also raided and searched for drugs on Kirkpatrick’s orders. Now she is filing a harassment lawsuit against the city, stating that the mayor and the local police colluded to intimidate her and prevent her activism.
Warren’s feud with the city began last year when she lost water service for nearly a week and was treated rudely by Kirkpatrick when attempting to get answers about the lack of service. She later randomly had her water meter removed by the city and wasn’t given any explanation. The encounter where her water meter was removed can be seen in the video below.
Tony Rothert, legal director of the ACLU of Missouri, has pointed out that the mayor was using the police to prevent Warren from speaking freely.
“The mayor and police cannot use their power to intimidate individuals who communicate in ways that some may find offensive,” Rothert said.
“They have been harassed repeatedly by government officials since Ms. Warren began expressing her disgust with the mayor by flipping him her middle finger,” the ACLU said in a later statement.




ARTICLE

A New York State Republican assemblyman who opposed medical marijuana legislation at every turn was arrested and charged with unlawful possession of marijuana. The police found the marijuana after they pulled him over for speeding.
A statement released shortly after the March 2013 incident, law enforcement officials reported that state police discovered Steve Katz had a “small bag” of marijuana on him.
A New York State Trooper said that the 59-year-old assemblyman had been driving 80 miles per hour in 65 mph zone. He noticed the marijuana and took Katz into custody, charging him with possession before he was finally bailed out.
Katz had voted against the legalization of medical marijuana back in June.
The New York Times noted that the Republican assemblyman also sits on New York’s Alcoholism and Drug Abuse Committee.
Katz said that this was merely an “unfortunate incident” during a press conference.
“This should not overshadow the work I have done over the years for the public and my constituency,” Katz said to reporters. “I am confident that once the facts are presented that this will quickly be put to rest.”
Watch the local report that aired in March of 2013 (article continues below).

Now here’s where the story gets really interesting…
After the arrest, the Republican politician flipped his position on marijuana, even joining the investor network of San Francisco-based marijuana investment and research firm The ArcView Group.
ArcView CEO Troy Dayton said that Katz is “gung-ho” about marijuana.
He says that he hopes to help pool millions of dollars of investment capital and fund marijuana-related start-ups.
“For me, entering this industry at this time is a dream come true from a child of the Sixties all grown up,” Katz said, completely ignoring his history as an opponent of medical marijuana.
“I decided to vote what I believed to be the vote of my constituents. The day after that I told my wife, ‘Next year, I really don’t care. I’m voting for medical marijuana because that’s what I believe in and I’m not comfortable with what happened.’ … I knew how I was going to vote and I felt great about it. I knew how I was going to vote a year before the police incident.”
The marijuana bust was “an epiphany,” he explained. “‘You’re turning me into a criminal? You got to be kidding.’”
Katz says he knows doctors, lawyers, businessmen and pillars of their community who all use marijuana.
“We’re all criminals? This is ridiculous,” he emphasized.
The arrest he faced “didn’t change anything other than make me decide that I was going to not only be a champion for medical marijuana, and for its total legalization, I was going to become part of the wave that’s building in the industry itself. ;It’s a great feeling. It’s very liberating;.”
“Steve Katz is not an anomaly,” Dayton said. “In the last few months numerous very prominent and seemingly unlikely investors have joined our investor group. People from all walks of life are realizing that cannabis may be the next great American industry.”



ARTICLE

For decades now, federal government and their cohorts in law enforcement have been carrying out theft of the citizenry on a massive scale. We’re not talking about taxes, but an insidious power known as Civil Asset Forfeiture (CAF).
The 1980’s-era laws were designed to drain resources from powerful criminal organizations, but CAF has become a tool for law enforcement agencies across the U.S. to steal money and property from countless innocent people.
No criminal charge is required for this confiscation, resulting in easy inflows of cash for law enforcement departments and the proliferation of abuse. This phenomenon is known as “policing for profit.”
The Free Thought Project has obtained an exclusive interview with Stephen Mills, chief of police at the Apache, Oklahoma police department. Mr. Mills is an outspoken critic of CAF, with appearances at public meetings and well-reasoned opinions.
In our interview, Mr. Mills describes how he was a victim of CAF, despite having no knowledge whatsoever of the alleged crime carried out by another person using his property. Even the most decorated and honorable of employees within law enforcement can fall prey to the scourge of civil asset forfeiture.
The mechanism by which CAF steals money and property from citizens relies on a legal fiction of inanimate responsibility for a crime, based on an archaic legal concept of English monarchy known as “deodand.”
In today’s Republic, CAF circumvents due process and the idea of “innocent until proven guilty.”
“When government agents suspect wrongdoing, they sometimes initiate proceedings against property that is in some way connected with the suspected criminal activity. With respect to drug laws, that can mean the vehicles used to transport drugs and cash, any cash suspected of being derived from drug sales, or even entire homes where drug activity is suspected of taking place. In business regulation, it can mean the seizure of entire business bank accounts based on an agent’s belief that the deposits don’t look right.
The proceedings are allowed to continue even when there isn’t enough evidence of wrongdoing to charge the owner/possessor with a crime. Even where there is a criminal case, an acquittal of all charges doesn’t necessarily mean the person will have their property returned.” – CATO Institute
What this amounts to, in thousands of cases every year, is unbridled theft because a law enforcement agent states a mere belief that the property is involved in a crime.
Even when the owner has no reason to fear a criminal charge, the seized asset is usually left in the hands of authorities because it’s too much trouble to get the property back, often involving steep legal fees. Some people simply fear being targeted by police for wanting their stuff back.
The Department of Justice has swelled its forfeiture fund to billions of dollars since 1980 while state and local law enforcement make hundreds of millions of dollars annually.
In the case of Officer Stephen Mills, his property was seized after an employee used it to commit an alleged crime, even though he knew nothing about it.
While Mr. Mills was in Texas, someone with a truck registered to his name was observed stealing copper wire from an oilfield site. A few days later, sheriff’s deputies arrested an employee of Mr. Mills at his ranch and seized the truck from his carport.
Mr. Mills assumed the truck was taken as evidence and would be returned, but upon calling the sheriff’s department he found that they were seizing the truck under civil asset forfeiture.
“I spoke to several people at the sheriff’s department trying to explain who I was and that it was my truck and not the ranch hand’s. I was told that it wasn’t my truck even if it was registered in my name and the title was in my name. I was told it didn’t matter that I didn’t have anything to do with it since the truck is considered guilty of the crime. I pointed out that I had an absolute innocent owner defense and was told, “How do we know you didn’t have something to do with it?  Maybe we should start looking at you.”  I told them they could look all they wanted. This went on for a few weeks and then my calls stopped getting returned.”
After six months of waiting for the seizure paperwork to come through, Mr. Mills contacted the Chickasha Express Newspaper, who then called the District Attorney’s office for comment.  It was only after he went to the media that Mr. Mills got a call saying he could pick up his truck from the sheriff’s impound lot.
He said “the keys were missing, it had a broken window, flat tire and the antenna was all bent up.”  The sheriff in charge during these events served one term and was not re-elected.
If Officer Stephen Mills, who possesses an impressive record and an honorable reputation within law enforcement, had this much trouble getting his property back, imagine what it must be like for other citizens.
An egregious example of civil asset forfeiture happened to Joseph Rivers in May, who was traveling to California to pursue a career as a music producer.  His life savings and family donations – $16,000 – were stolen by the DEA during a train stop because he was carrying the cash in an unorthodox fashion to a known drug “hot spot” called Los Angeles. Despite there being no evidence of an actual crime, Rivers is still waiting for his money to be returned, which may never happen.
Officer Mills offers a solid perspective on civil asset forfeiture as it relates to traditional law enforcement.
“Taking someone’s property because they committed a crime with it, or because it’s a product of the crime, is a punishment for the crime.  Only the government can punish someone for a crime.  We have a judicial system for this and it requires a guilty conviction for a crime.  When a citizen gets a civil judgment, it is restitution, not punishment. The object is to make the injured party whole, not better off than they were before.
In civil asset forfeiture the government is circumventing the judicial system and all its requirements of due process to levy punishment for a crime, under a system which has different rules of law and a much lower standard of proof.
If something is used in a crime then it is evidence of a crime, and should be taken as evidence and used to obtain a guilty conviction. As far as large sums of money being proceeds of the crime, how can you have proceeds of a crime without the ‘who, what, where and when’ of the crime? If you have this, then again you really don’t have proceeds of the crime, you still have evidence of the crime which happen to be proceeds. Use the evidence to get a guilty conviction.
We need to stop discussing if the law is being systematically abused or not. The problem isn’t that it might or might not, or is or isn’t, being systematically abused, but that it’s a bad law. If the law allows something to happen that is completely counter to our American system of right and wrong and justice, it doesn’t matter if it’s being abused or not.”
Indeed, some Oklahoma lawmakers recognize the ill nature of civil asset forfeiture and the abuses carried out under it. State Senator Kyle Loveless, a conservative Republican, has introduced the Personal Asset Protection Act that would reform Oklahoma’s CAF.
The proposed bill, now under study, would require “clear and convincing evidence” that the seized property is related to criminal activity, instead of mere suspicion.  Naturally, local police spokesmen are hysterical, saying that Oklahoma would become a haven for drug cartels and terrorist organizations.
Loveless describes the situation in detail here, along with some outrageous examples of civil asset forfeiture in his state.
Although Officer Mills does not agree with every aspect of Loveless’ bill, he supports the Personal Asset Protection Act and is working with Loveless to promote reform. He believes, like any sensible person, that a criminal conviction should be required before assets can be forfeited.
New Mexico became the role model for CAF reform when Gov. Susana Martinez signed a bill in April that effectively abolished CAF by requiring a criminal conviction before the government can seize property.
Federal bureaucrats are on record opposing state efforts at CAF reform. Police lobbyists managed to kill off CAF reform attempts in California last week, despite overwhelming support in the legislature and the public.  Neither the federal government nor most local law enforcement is ready to give up their cash register known as civil asset forfeiture.
However, the tide is turning as this gross injustice continues to be exposed, and the few noble politicians left in government work against CAF on behalf of civil rights and decency.
In poetic fashion, the seizure of Officer Mills’ truck may prove to be one of the biggest mistakes authorities made in Oklahoma, one that could help bring about the downfall of civil asset forfeiture.
Stephen Mills is currently the Chief of Police in Apache Oklahoma.  He has an Advanced Peace Officer Certification as well as Instructor and field training officer certifications from the State of Oklahoma.
Stephen has a Bachelors degree, with honors, from Upper Iowa University in Public Administration. He is a graduate of the Norman Police Academy as well as the U.S. Army Criminal Investigations Special Agents Academy and has numerous Federal Law Enforcement certifications.  Additionally, Stephen was employed by Central Texas College as a Criminal Justice Teacher where he taught Ethics in Law Enforcement.
Stephen retired from the Criminal Investigations Detachment in 2011, after 25 years of service, as an accredited Federal Agent.  His latest post was as the Chief of the Central Texas Counter Drug Task Force which worked with various local and federal Law Enforcement agencies to combat the flow of drugs North of Austin to the Red River.
Additionally Stephen has served as the Special Agent in charge of resident agencies in Alabama, Oklahoma, Korea and Kuwait as well as commanding a forward deployed unit in Iraq.  He was assigned as U.S. representative to the international Counter Drug Committee in Seoul Korea.  He has been assigned to Counter Drug and White Collar crime teams in Alabama and Louisiana and was Chief of a Multi National Counter High jacking task force in the Eastern District of Iraq.
Stephen has received letters of commendation from the FBI and the DEA and received the Bronze star during his first tour in Iraq.
He is a life member of the Disabled Veterans Association, Veterans of Foreign Wars, American Legion and Vietnam Veterans Associates as well as a member of Lions International.
Stephen is also owner operator of Three Mile Ranch, a Natural Beef Cattle Operation in Southern Grady County East of Rush Springs.  He is a member of the Oklahoma Cattleman’s association and a graduate of the Cattleman’s leadership academy.  He has a Master Cattleman’s certificate from OSU and is a Noble Foundation cooperating ranch.



ARTICLE

For generations, we were told that marijuana was a demon drug that would turn people into lazy, violent and dumb drug addicts. The propaganda about this substance has been relentless. Over the years, however, as more users began to come out about their experience and more scientific studies were conducted, people began to understand that many of the myths were untrue.
After Colorado legalized marijuana just a few short years ago, the world was finally given some evidence to be able to determine whether or not the propaganda was true. Since prohibition has ended in certain areas of the U.S., The Free Thought Project began compiling stories that debunk the “reefer madness” propaganda that has infected American culture for nearly a hundred years. Below is a list of debunked claims highlighting how the war on drugs is built on lies.
Violent Crime Is Down Since Cannabis Legalization – According to statistics released by the government in Denver, the number of robberies and violent crimes significantly decreased since marijuana legalization went into effect. It is important to mention that this strong correlation is not definitive proof that legalization is the cause of this drop in crime, but it does strongly suggest that this is the case.
These statistics are especially convincing considering the short amount of time that this drastic reduction in crime has taken place.  In just one short year, the number of homicides dropped by 52.9%.  Sexual assaults were reduced by 13.6%. Robberies were down by 4.8%, and assaults were down by 3.7%. The statistics measured the first few months of the year for both 2013 and 2014 and then compared those numbers with one another to determine whether they were higher or lower after legalization went into effect.
This result was in complete contrast with the predictions of the fear mongering drug warriors.
New Study Shows Legalization Prevents Underage Drug Use – According to a recent study on marijuana legalization, use among teens has actually dropped in states where the herb is no longer prohibited. The study took data from over 1 million teens from various states, over the course of 24 years.
Dr. Deborah Hasin, professor of epidemiology at Columbia University Medical Center, explained the study in a recent interview.
“Our findings provide the strongest evidence to date that marijuana use by teenagers does not increase after a state legalizes medical marijuana. Rather, up to now, in the states that passed medical marijuana laws, adolescent marijuana use was already higher than in other states. Because early adolescent use of marijuana can lead to many long-term harmful outcomes, identifying the factors that actually play a role in adolescent use should be a high priority,” Hasin said.
The study also found that marijuana use is down among 8th graders in the states where it is now legal. 8th graders represented the youngest group in the survey and the most well-adjusted to marijuana legalization.
This is actually not the first study to come to this same conclusion. Back in 2012, another study entitled, “Medical Marijuana Laws and Teen Marijuana Use” also found that the legalization of medical marijuana in the state of California did not increase drug use among teens.
These findings entirely contradict the hysteria of the drug warriors who claimed that legalizing pot would lead to children addicts.
Study Finds Prescription Use Down After Legalization – According to a demographic review of patient characteristics published online in the Journal of Psychoactive Drugs, people who use marijuana to treat a variety of different conditions are less likely to turn to other prescription drugs.
As Norml pointed out:
Investigators affiliated with the Medical Marijuana Research Institute in Mesa surveyed responses from 367 state-qualified patients recruited from four Arizona medical cannabis dispensaries. Respondents were more likely to be male, in their mid-40s, and daily consumers of cannabis.
Respondents most often reported using cannabis therapeutically to treat symptoms of chronic pain, muscle spasms, nausea, anxiety, arthritis, depression, headaches, insomnia, and stress. Patients typically said that cannabis provided “a lot of relief” or “almost complete relief” of their symptoms and that its efficacy was greater than that of more conventional medications.
Patients also reported reducing their use of pharmaceuticals. Over 70 percent of respondents reported using other medications “a little less frequently” or “much less frequently” for 24 of the 42 conditions specified. Over 90 percent of those who reported consuming cannabis to mitigate symptoms of nausea, headache, muscle spasms, fibromyalgia, bowel distress, and chronic pain acknowledged using pharmaceuticals less frequently once they had initiated cannabis therapy.
It is no wonder that the pharmaceutical industry is one of the largest contributors to the lobby for perpetuating the drug war. They cannot compete with a natural medicine which can be grown in one’s own yard.
Highway Car Accident Deaths Are At Their Lowest Ever In Colorado – According to data released from the Colorado Department Of Transportation the roads safer now that marijuana is legal. The graphs below, published by The Washington Post show how drastic the decrease in fatalities has been since legalization.


This reduction in fatalities is in spite of police who fear mongered that legal weed would lead to an increase in traffic accidents.
Rapid Economic Growth And Opportunity Since Legalization – As reported by The Denver Post earlier this year, Colorado employers added more jobs in June than they have in any single month since official counts began back in 1939. As expected, the population has also grown in Colorado now that there is more freedom and more opportunity. According to the report, since legalization went into effect the average numbers for paychecks are also higher.

Compare this increase in the labor force with the lies about pot making you lazy and unmotivated and the establishment’s claims about reefer seem nothing less than actual madness.
Last Year Colorado Collected More Tax Revenue From Marijuana Than They Did From Alcohol –
According to The Colorado Department of Revenue, the state government was able to rob marijuana sellers and users blind, collecting over $70 million in taxes from cannabis sales. Meanwhile, alcohol companies were fleeced for roughly $42 million for alcohol taxes, over the course of a year.
While businesses being looted by government tax collectors is never anything to celebrate, it is interesting to see how quickly the marijuana market is growing. Mason Tvert, director of communications for the Marijuana Policy Project recently said that the state was able to collect so much money in taxes that they are getting a break for one day.
“Marijuana taxes have been incredibly productive over the past year, so this tax holiday is a much-deserved day off. This will be the one day out of the year when the state won’t generate significant revenue. Over the other 364 days, it will bring in tens of millions of dollars that will be reinvested in our state,” Tvert said.
With all of this evidence, it becomes clear that the citizens, in states where police can kidnap, cage and kill them for this plant, are nothing short of oppressed. When a person would deprive another human being of their life and liberty for their personal choice which harms no one, they become the criminal. Legislation is no measure of morality.
The only thing a marijuana user has to fear from using marijuana is the state. It is time to end the war on drugs. Share this article with your friends and family to show them the astonishing power of ending prohibition.



ARTICLE

The United States is supposed to operate on a separation of church and state. But an Albuquerque, New Mexico mother recently had her children taken away from her by the government, after she refused to attend “counseling” that was extremely religious in nature.
The “therapy” was court ordered by a judge who told Holly Salzman that she would face contempt of court charges as well as lose custody of her children, if she did not attend.
Local KRQE Channel 13 news says that Salzman contacted the court after her first session with the Evangelical Christian fundamentalist counselor, Marry Pepper.
But the court was unconcerned about the religious nature of Pepper’s 10 session-long counseling.
Salzman recalls, “I walked into the session and the very first thing she said to me was, ‘I start my sessions by praying.’”
But when she “expressed my concerns that I didn’t pray she said, ‘well this is what I do’ and she proceeded to say a prayer out loud.”
Salzman explained that she had no option not to go to these classes, “You don’t have a choice. You do it or you’re held in contempt of court.”
Instead of listening to Salzman’s concerns about the counseling imposing religion on her, the court decided to take her children until she finished the sessions.
“We went back to court. I expressed concerns again about the religious overtones and they stated they hadn’t heard any problems concerning Mary Pepper with religion,” Salzman said to local Channel 13.
“It’s probably the worst thing I’ve ever been through in my life,” she recalled.
“The meaning in my life is to know love and serve God,” Pepper said to Salzman in a recorded meeting. “If you want to explore how God was in your past, how God was in your life and not in your life… I know you don’t believe in God which is fine but I now at some points he was in your life in some way.”
“Every session there was some sort of religion that was intertwined with the sessions,” Salzman added.
Pepper told local reporters, “I’m a private business that people decide to come through or not. The particular person there was interested in analyzing her belief system.”
Peter Simonson, the executive director for the ACLU said, “No one should be put in a position where they are forced to accept training or therapy that violates their own religious beliefs and morals.”
“We’ve got protections in our country under the Bill of Rights are intended to try and stop that,” Simonson continued. “On the face of it, it looks pretty problematic.”
Eventually, Salzman said, “I got a certificate and I kicked my heels on the way out.” But she had to deal with the religious proselytizing to do that.
Watch the video below and let us know if you think this is okay or not…




ARTICLE

 Often, the State feigns repentance for its past crimes, from the genocide of Native Americans and slavery to even some of the CIA’s corporate coups. Small paragraphs — and sometimes even chapters — discuss these atrocities in public school textbooks, if only because they are so widely-known that institutions can no longer ignore them — lest the government’s illustrious stated goals of educating the citizenry be questioned. Still, many of the State’s most sinister secrets remained buried.
On New Year’s Day, 1927, hospitals in New York were flooded with people dying from poisoned alcohol — alcohol made toxic courtesy of the very same government that had made the substance illegal in the name of keeping the public safe. One hundred years later, this abhorrent historical anecdote is so obscure it reads like a paranoid, unsourced conspiracy theory in a dubious internet forum.
Regardless, 41 people did die that New Year’s Day, and estimates suggest that anywhere from 10,000 to 50,000 people were killed by government-poisoned alcohol in the 1920s — and the deaths were a direct result of policies the government imposed.
The 18th amendment, which banned the sale and production of alcohol, was ratified in 1919, spurred by the temperance movement and Americans’ weariness following World War I. The Volstead Act was passed shortly after as an “enforcement” act to ensure Congress could actually implement the amendment. The bill included provisions to poison alcohol so as to discourage people from drinking.
Denatured alcohol is generally a normal, drinkable alcohol with chemicals like quinine and methyl alcohol added to make it industrial — and therefore undrinkable. As far back as 1906, the Treasury Department (charged with overseeing alcohol enforcement) had already required manufacturers who wanted to avoid taxes levied on potable spirits to denature their alcohol. But by late 1919, the Volstead Act had created tangible incentive for manufacturers to produce poison liquor.
As Edward Behr documented in his book, Prohibition: 13 Years that Changed America, “Under Volstead Act provisions, the manufacture of denatured alcohol was not only legal, but tax exempt. The denaturing substance was usually methanol, and methanol was extremely poisonous. Three glasses could be lethal, explaining the steady rise in the death toll from 1920 onward.” The Volstead Act intentionally failed to include a provision that required a label warning of the poison.
It quickly became apparent that simply banning a substance could not impede its consumption (this should sound familiar, considering the decades-long failed Drug War). Though rates of alcohol consumption initially dropped, by the mid-1920s they had increased sharply, so the government stepped in to further “discourage” people from drinking. The strategy? Add more toxic chemicals.
As Deborah Blum, professor of science journalism at the University of Wisconsin noted, by mid-1927 “[t]he Treasury Department also demanded more methyl alcohol be added—up to 10 percent of total product. It was the last that proved most deadly.”
This spike in deaths happened particularly because much of the denatured alcohol used by industrialists eventually made its way to bootleggers, a majority of whom did not fully “renature” the alcohol. In fact, in 1926, prominent prohibitionist and Deputy Attorney General Mabel Walker Wildebrandt noted that 660,000 gallons of denatured alcohol existed, with a significant portion ending up in the hands of bootleggers (other more recent estimates claim “some 60 million gallons of industrial alcohol were stolen annually to supply the country’s drinkers,” though the author who noted this statistic did not return an email from The Anti-Media seeking clarification). A 1927 study of confiscated liquor in New York City found that 98% contained some sort of poison.
In other words, the government was well aware that the poisoned alcohol was reaching the citizens they were trying to “protect.” But because they were so eager to reduce drinking — and saw that the 18th amendment and Volstead Act were failing to achieve that noble goal — they continued to increase the levels of poison added, creating an even larger spike in deaths.
The epidemic was so bad — and the government so deeply implicated — that New York City Chief Medical Examiner Charles Norris said, “The government knows it is not stopping drinking by putting poison in alcohol…Yet it continues its poisoning processes, heedless of the fact that people determined to drink are daily absorbing that poison. Knowing this to be true, the United States government must be charged with the moral responsibility for the deaths that poisoned liquor causes, although it cannot be held legally responsible.”
At the time, there was no doubt that the government was responsible for the thousands of deaths. Though there are no national estimates on the death toll, Behr documented that “…it is probable that by 1927 such deaths may have exceeded the 50,000 mark – to say nothing of hundreds of thousands more nonfatal cases resulting in blindness or paralysis.” By 1930, as many as 15,000 people from one small Kansas county had been victimized by the tainted alcohol.
At the time, one Columbia University doctor went so far as to call the government’s practices in spurring the production of denatured alcohol “legalized murder.” The Chicago Tribune observed that “Normally, no American government would engage in such business. … It is only in the curious fanaticism of Prohibition that any means, however barbarous, are considered justified.”
Unsurprisingly, the pushers of Prohibition were both unapologetic and hypocritical. Wayne Wheeler, leader of the Anti-Saloon League (ASL) and a prominent attorney and political power broker, shirked any responsibility for the deaths. This was particularly contradictory considering he had previously boasted about his role in the crafting and passage of the Volstead Act. Although he denied any liability, “It was a fact that the ASL had originally sanctioned the use of methanol when Volstead Act provisions were being drawn up, and had lobbied against any mandatory ‘poison’ labels on denatured alcohol. Wheeler had boasted of the ASL’s key role in drafting the act so loudly, and so frequently, that he lacked all credibility now that he denied responsibility for some of its provisions.”
Though Wheeler initially claimed only one person had died because of denatured alcohol since 1920, he was swiftly ridiculed by experts. Hastily, he argued “…the government is under no obligation to furnish people with alcohol that is drinkable when the Constitution prohibits it. The person who drinks this industrial alcohol is a deliberate suicide.” Clearly failing to appreciate or empathize with the nature of addiction, Wheeler refused to accept the responsibility he had once clamored to claim.
Additionally, the very same politicians that codified the Volstead Act were widely known to be raging alcoholics — though they enjoyed “safe” alcohol. “It was common knowledge that ‘Senators and Congressmen appeared on the floor in a drunken condition,’ and ‘bootleggers infested the halls and corridors of Congress and ply their trade there,’ and that no attempts had ever been made to expel them,” Behr noted. Politicians enjoyed private supplies of high quality liquor on the premises, where bootleggers kept supplies stocked. The corruption went as high as the Attorney General (and even the president), who arranged to exonerate prominent bootleggers who had been caught and found in clear violation of Prohibition statutes.
The case of the poisoned alcohol is not an isolated incident. The United States government has a history of abusing individuals “for their own good.” In addition to infecting black Americans with syphilis in the 1930s (allegedly to help study treatment options), the government conducted a similar program in Guatemala that sickened hundreds of innocent people. It facilitated tests on 60,000 minority soldiers, exposing them to mustard gas in the hopes that blacks and Latinos possessed super-human immunity that would allow them to rush into battle ahead of the whites. Many of these egregious acts have only come to light in recent years, breeding suspicions about what other crimes have transpired that are yet to reach the public. What these actions have in common is the government’s historical pattern of killing or maiming people to save them.
Regardless of the State’s intentions for poisoning alcohol — no matter how disingenuous or well-intentioned they may have been — it remains that even if lawmakers and prohibitionists did have the people’s best interests at heart, they failed miserably in accomplishing their goals. Worse, that same government remains unchecked today, creating more questions than answers about what heinous crimes are currently transpiring that the citizenry may only learn about a century from now — if ever.
This article (That Time the US Government Purposely Poisoned Thousands of Americans) is free and open source. You have permission to republish this article under a Creative Commons license with attribution to Carey Wedler and theAntiMedia.org. Anti-Media Radio airs weeknights at 11pm Eastern/8pm Pacific. Image credit: Ken Thomas. If you spot a typo, email edits@theantimedia.org. By Carey Wedler; via ANTIMEDIA.



ARTICLE

An Arkansas state senator recently bragged that he will shoot and kill people if they do not approach him with the “proper respect” and if they try to ask him “smarty pants questions.”
The Arkansas Times blog says that Republican Senator Jason Rapert was tweeting about an incident at a Lowe’s hardware store. He says that recently a constituent named Lance White approached him, but didn’t show the proper respect when asking a question about public policy.
“Wow! I introduce my self kindly to my state legislator at Lowe’s last night. I then ask him a complicated question regarding government/law, to which I legitimately wanted an answer,” White said about the incident in a Facebook post Sunday morning.
The senator then replied, “I don’t answer questions to smarty pants like you.”
He screamed at the Lowe’s employee – “hurry up” and load his purchases, so he could avoid further questions.
“Later I notice this post on his Twitter account,” White explains. “Didn’t know asking government/law questions to a legislator qualified me for getting shot. #‎loosecanon‬” he posted.
On Twitter, Rapert had tweeted, “Not smart to come up and harass somebody in a parking lot who’s carrying a handgun. Better be glad you decided to walk away. #armed&ready”
Not smart to come up and harass somebody in a parking lot who’s carrying a handgun. Better be glad you decided to walk away. #armed&ready
— Sen. Jason Rapert (@jasonrapert) September 6, 2015
“I asked Rapert later on Twitter if he meant to imply that harassment would be ground for shooting someone in a parking lot,” Max Brantley from the Times says.
Rapert responded saying “by the way, I never said that was me. However, I believe in self defense and urge all my friends to be prepared. #armed&ready” and “I prefer not to waste Sunday morning with your banter. I would like to focus on more peaceful matters. Go to Church Max.”
Rapert later completely denied that this tweet had anything to do with White, even though it seems clear to most that it did.
“Apparently you confused yourself with an unrelated tweet,” the senator said to White. “You overestimate yourself. You weren’t threatening – just rude.”
“Do mere words cross the line into Rapert-will-blow-you-away territory?” Brantley asked. “Safest advice seems to be don’t ask the senator questions on the Lowe’s parking lot.”



ARTICLE

A Knoxville, Tennessee police officer was caught on video beating 31-year-old undocumented immigrant.  But now he’s denying any responsibility for the injuries the man sustained.
Why? The officer claims that the man could not have been severely injured from the blows because they were “palm strikes,” according to local WBIR-TV.
Attorneys for Ernesto Delgadilo Rodriguez filed a federal lawsuit against the officer, in response to the July 2014 police brutality incident.
In that encounter, Officer Thomas Thurman lashed out during a traffic stop – beating Rodriguez so severely that he required a breathing tube, in addition to doctors tending to several severe fractures to bones in his face.
The dashcam footage captured it all, as Rodriguez was lying facing down on the police cruiser.
Thuman’s colleague, Officer Fred Kimber, was in the process of handcuffing him, when Thurman approaches the vehicle, grabs Rodriguez, and begins beating him, then striking him further with his knee.
But the police and Thurman himself apparently think palm strikes and knees are not enough to cause serious injury. Apparently they are not big fans of Kung Fu movies.
The department claims that it is actually in accordance with their department training to beat people with their palms, the same way martial artists often break boards and bricks.
They are claiming that Rodriguez’s injuries are a result of him smashing into the pavement from being taken down to the ground.
The local Knoxville News-Sentinel recently reported that Rodriguez was actually charged with aggravated assault, assaulting officers and resisting arrest after being treated at the hospital.
Those charges would eventually be dropped “on the expectation” that Rodriguez would be deported, according to the Raw Story.
Watch the local report from WBIR’s in the video below…




ARTICLE

Whatever party you support, one thing we should all be able to agree on is the fact that the private prison industry should not decide who is the next President of the United States. But lobbyists for two major private prison companies have been among the top fundraisers for Hillary Clinton.
The lobbies are from the Corrections Corporation of America and the Geo Group. They both know that their future profits are entirely dependent on how many people remain incarcerated in the United States, down the line.
This should be of particular concern, since just last week, Hillary Clinton, along with other candidates told us that a number of lobbyists serving as “bundlers” for their campaigns – collecting contributions on behalf of the campaign – are associated with these corporations.
Bundlers are typically rewarded with special favors, including, but not limited to access to the candidate.
As The Intercept reported yesterday, there are five Clinton bundlers who are employed by the lobbying and law firm Akin Gump Strauss Hauer & Feld. Corrections Corporation of America. This is the largest private prison company in the United States. They paid Akin Gump a full $240,000 in lobbying fees alone, just last year.
The very same law firm also works for the prison giant Corrections Corporation of America, and has represented them in court.
The Intercept reported that “Akin Gump lobbyist and Clinton bundler Brian Popper disclosed that he previously helped CCA defeat efforts to compel private prisons to respond to Freedom of Information Act requests.”
Richard Sullivan, the lobbying firm Capitol Counsel, has now brought in $44,859 in contributions in just a few months for the Clinton campaign.
Sullivan also works as a registered lobbyist for the Private Prison Industry giant, Geo Group.
The Intercept noted the following:
Hillary Clinton has a complicated history with incarceration. As first lady, she championed efforts to get tough on crime. “We need more police, we need more and tougher prison sentences for repeat offenders,” Clinton said in 1994. “The ‘three strikes and you’re out’ for violent offenders has to be part of the plan. We need more prisons to keep violent offenders for as long as it takes to keep them off the streets,” she added.
In recent months, Clinton has tacked left in some ways, and now calls for alternatives to incarceration and for greater police accountability. And while Clinton has backed a path to citizenship for undocumented people in America, she recently signaled a willingness to crack down on so-called “sanctuary cities,” a move that could lead to more immigrant detentions.
The future of both criminal justice reform and immigration are critical for private prison firms. The Geo Group, in a disclosure statement for its investors, notes that its business could be “adversely affected by changes in existing criminal or immigration laws, crime rates in jurisdictions in which we operate, the relaxation of criminal or immigration enforcement efforts, leniency in conviction, sentencing or deportation practices, and the decriminalization of certain activities that are currently proscribed by criminal laws or the loosening of immigration laws.”
Would you still vote for Hillary knowing what you know now about her connections to the private prison industry?



ARTICLE

Def Jam records co-founder Russell Simmons has some strong words for  New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio. Capital New York says that the hip hop mogul called the mayor out on a radio show that aired on June 18.
He said the mayor was a “bitch” for backing down to the New York Police Department and the city’s police commissioner, William Bratton. He also noted the governor, Andrew Cuomo, successfully bullied the mayor into backing off a criminal investigations into police brutality and extrajudicial police murder of unarmed citizens.
Members of the community are still very much angry about the refusal of NYC officials to indict a single officer in the choke-hold death of Eric Garner last year.
“Our police commissioner is bullying our punk mayor that we worked so hard to put in office,” Simmons explained.
He noted that if there was not a video of the incident, a New York City grand jury wouldn’t even touch a police officer who killed the mayor’s own children.
“And that’s because there are no special prosecutors. There should be independent prosecutors who don’t work for the police who have to look at these cases individually,” he continued.
The New York Observer reports, there are many urging governor Cuomo to have a special prosecutor oversee police indictments so the state can get serious about prosecuting criminal cops.
Simmons said that Cuomo actually promised to do just that, but his promises have turned out to have been lies.
In spite of Cuomo’s failures to keep his promises about police accountability, “Mayor de Blasio has not said a word because he’s a punk.”
Simmons added that de Blasio has “got the police commissioner pushing him around like he’s a bitch. And it’s shocking to me that he’s not stood up for the people of New York.”
He added that when police officers disrespected de Blasio by turning their backs on him at an officer’s funeral, “he should have told them, turn around or go home.”
Karen Hinton, a spokeswoman for the mayor said the “facts are contrary to Mr. Simmons’ remarks,” according to Capital New York.
Watch the video below…




ARTICLE

“Who knows how many potential customers I lost” all because of a police information planting “evidence” – all because “the Schenectady County Sheriff’s Office — tried to ruin my life” a New York business owner asked.
Assistant District Attorney William Sanderson told Visiting Judge Polly Hoye that the police informant “seriously put into jeopardy the integrity of the criminal justice system and the grand jury procedures.”
The unbelievable video was captured by Donald Andrews Jr., who owns a smoke shop on Mohawk Avenue in Scotia, New York.
Watch that surveillance video below…

The footage clearly shows a police informant named James Slater planting and photographing crack cocaine in the smoke shop. At first, this was assumed to be a police officer, but it turned out to be an informant who claims the police harassed him day and night, threatening him to commit this criminal act.
Instead of taking a stand, the paid snitch decided to try to get an innocent man locked up, apparently at the direction of the Sheriff’s department who told him that they wanted “something” on the law-abiding business-owner.
When Slater made his second trip to the shop he was busted making the plant.
In local WNYT-TV’s video report, Andrews’s lawyer narrates the footage…
“He comes in, places the crack on the counter. Crack, which under federal sentencing guidelines, would get him 4 years in jail. Under New York State law would get him 2 to 7 years in jail,” attorney Kevin Luibrand explains.
The Schenectady chapter of the Southern Christian Leadership Conference said this was clearly an honest business man being set up.
“Neither the Schenectady County Sheriff nor the Scotia Police Chief were available to be interviewed about the apparent planting of evidence,” they said..
Andrews was arrested for that crack-cocaine. It was only after he made bail and produced the video of what happened that the charges against him were dropped.
Now, he has filed a wrongful arrest lawsuit.
The informant is in prison, having received a 6-12 year sentence for perjury. “No one here was in my position,” Slater said. “No one here understands the pressure that you are put on by those people — how you’re haunted every day, texted every day, people at your front door. Every time you step outside you’re getting picked up by an unmarked car. It’s not a walk in the park. It’s you do what they say or you get done … there was a lot more to it than is being portrayed. I just want to put that out there.”



ARTICLE

The FBI has seized a lot of domain names over the past few years. Some of them have been rather high profile sites, while others you probably haven’t heard of.
But many of these web domains seized by the FBI were reclaimed this week when the feds forgot to renew the registration for them.
It would seem that in most, if not all, of these cases, the sites were used to disseminate what the feds are calling malware, with no obvious link to their former owners. Theories are already proliferating as to who is behind the cooping.
When the bureau failed to renew the domain registration for the sites, the redirect to the now-infamous FBI banner page started redirecting to a series of advertisements.
Most of these advertisements were for porn or drugs. We have not verified that any actual malware was part of these sites’ contents.
One of the most famous (or infamous) sites in question was Megaupload, accused of being used by millions to watch pirated movies and TV shows.
For years, the feds had control of URLs such as Megaupload.com and Megavideo.com which today redirected to the ad pages, according to TorrentFreak.
ArsTechnica is said to be the man behind all of these acquisitions. Going by the name “Earl Grey”, he is said to have bought all of these sites at GoDaddy.com auctions for the name, when the feds failed to renew.
The international persona known as Kim Dotcom was overjoyed at the news.
The New Zealand figure behind Megaupload is currently fighting extradition to the U.S. for copyright infringement charges.
“You have to see this to believe it: Megaupload.com,” he said via Twitter. “Porn, drugs, malware & ad scams brought to you by the US Department of Justice.”
The FBI has not commented on any of this just yet.



ARTICLE

A recent Supreme Judicial Court ruling is expected to free tens of thousands from prison. Those who are expected to be impacted by Monday’s decision are those whose drug samples were “mishandled” in a way that produced thousands of “forged” results, leading to incarceration.
The justices ruled unanimously that in cases where defendants’ convictions were based on evidence tainted by the chemist, Annie Dookhan, new trials can be sought without additional charges or more severe sentences being slapped on them as a deterrent.
Local WCVB news in Boston explained that Dookhan had tampered with test results, along with repeatedly forging documents and wantonly testifing falsely in criminal cases. All of this went on for more than 14 years, while she worked for the state crime lab.
Watch the video below from local WCVB in Boston…

Matthew Segal, the legal director for the American Civil Liberties Union of Massachusetts praised the decision, saying that “it clears a path for people to challenge — when I say people, I say thousands, maybe tens of thousands of people — to challenge their convictions without fear that prosecutors will respond by seeking to revive harsher charges or harsher sentences that were relinquished in a plea bargain.”
Dookhan ended up pleading guilty back in 2013 to 27 counts, which included perjury, obstruction of justice and tampering with evidence. She was sentenced to three to five years in prison. She also received an additional two years of probation. But by that time, she had already ruined tens of thousands of lives.
Prosecutors argued successfully that during her nine years working at a drug lab in Boston, Dookhan failed to properly test samples but declared them positive anyway. She also mixed up samples and forged signatures as well as repeatedly lying about her credentials.
So far, over 300 have been released from prison as a result of these revelations.
The New York Times reports that
those whose convictions relied on Dookhan’s tainted evidence are being referred to by the catchall term “Dookhan defendants.”
“By the end of 2014, according to court papers, fewer than 1,200 defendants had filed for post-conviction relief,” the Times reports, “Which Mr. Segal attributed to fear by many that they could actually face previously dropped charges or additional prison time if their cases were overturned.”
“This dynamic was causing the entire effort to get justice, due process, causing that effort to come to a screeching halt,” Mr. Segal added. “People were not filing new motions. People were afraid.”
State and national A.C.L.U. organizations worked in conjunction last year, along with the law firm Foley Hoag, to file a petition on behalf of three defendants. Each had pleaded guilty based on their attorneys’ recommendation. Why? Because they believed that their clients had no chance of winning due to Dookhan’s tainted evidence. Thus, they were “seeking protection for defendants and a mechanism to ensure faster reviews of cases.” But it was all in response to forged evidence.
In 2013 the number of cases effected by Dookhan’s misconduct was pinpointed as 40,000 cases.
The justices stopped short in this ruling of imposing a so-called “global remedy.” That would have vacated the convictions of all of the effected defendants.
This news is of course huge, but for some reason the mainstream media doesn’t want to talk about the fact that tens of thousands of convictions were won by the state based on forged drug tests. These are just the ones we know about now. How many more cases just like these are there all across the United States?



ARTICLE

A junior college basketball player was recently challenged to what seemed to be a “friendly” pickup basketball game by two Philadelphia police officers. But things quickly turned sour after the officers were embarrassingly defeated by the 5-foot-7 point guard at Allegany College of Maryland. In the aftermath of the humiliating defeat, the two Philly cops detained Samir Hill, to teach him that when cops challenge you to a game of hoops, you’d better let them win. 
Hill had been playing against some neighborhood kids before the two cops approached him. That’s when the officers “started talking trash” – saying that the players “didn’t look very good.” So Hill challenged them to a friendly game to see how well the boys in blue would do.
“We gave them ball first, [and] I was playing on the court two-on-two with my friend Josh — they almost scored on him,” Hill said in an interview with Complex magazine. Watch the video below…

But in the background, his friend warned him against challenging the cops, intuiting that they wouldn’t be good sports. 
“We get the ball, and everybody starts pulling out their cameras. The first cop, I crossed him and laid it up.”
The videos made their way to Vine, where they were being shared within seconds of the game. The video of Hill beating the officers on crossover dribbles spread like wildfire on the video-sharing site.
“He’s like, ‘I don’t play basketball, I play football,'” Hill recalled. “So he put his partner on me — the second one, the one I made fall. Everyone went crazy.”
The two officers were humiliated. So two days later, after several well-known, professional athletes — including former NFL star Chad Johnson — shared the video of the defeat on social media, the same two cops met up with Hill on the street again… this time they harassed him and detained him. Apparently, being a better athlete than them was “suspicious.” 
“I think it was because of the video, but they said it was the people I was around,” Hill explained. “I don’t think it was that though, because most of the kids I hang around are college kids. I think they just wanted to take me down to the district to show who I was.”
The same two cops hauled him in to the police station, having placed him under arrest. They claimed they saw him with contraband… but when they couldn’t materialize anything, they eventually released him without any charges. 
“They didn’t explain it to me,” Hill added. “They just took me in there, handcuffed me to a bench for an hour and a half. They were doing a search on the car. They searched the car for like an hour. They didn’t find nothing, and they let me go. The whole time they were telling me how they weren’t going to lock me up, that they were targeting my friend.”
When they released Hill, they told him they’d be back at the court for a “rematch.” But Hill says “I don’t want to play them any more, though. There’s no point. I did what I had to do to them.”



ARTICLE

The shootings of Mike Brown and John Crawford happened within only days of each other. But for whatever reason, national attention was given to the incident in Ferguson even though there was near unanimous agreement throughout the nation that John Crawford was not to blame for his death. 
Even among die-hard police supporters and apologists, few believed that John Crawford was to blame for being shot. Most pointed the finger at 911-caller Ronald Ritchie, but it was clear that in an open carry state, and in a store that sells both guns and BB-guns, there is nothing illegal, nor even particularly out of the ordinary about handling a replica firearm, taken from the very shelves of the store. 
So why did so many unite around the cause of Ferguson and Mike Brown, while few got involved in protesting the Beavercreek, Ohio shooting of John Crawford? 
For starters, there was national mobilization in Ferguson by way of heavyweights such as Al Sharpton. The self-described “civil rights leader” got behind the Justice For Mike Brown cause from nearly day one. But in spite of many trying to get his attention in Ohio, the Reverend did not bite. 
As it turns out, Al Sharpton is paid off directly by Walmart. The multinational corporation lines the former FBI-informant’s pockets with cash.
This even became a point of concern for some shareholders in the company, back in 2009. Walmart responded, saying the following:
“Our support for NAN is focused on addressing health and wellness issues and other issues important to our customers and associates. Our company will continue to support organizations that can further our mission to help people live better.”

Even the well-known debunking website “Snopes” has confirmed that “Walmart has donated money to the National Action Network, an organization founded by the Rev. Al Sharpton.” 
They clarify that none of these donations has ever been used by Sharpton in any way to challenge police authority or abuse. 
Being involved with a lot of the folks mobilizing in Ferguson, we can add that there wasn’t nearly as much infighting and division – “my way or the highway” partisanship – in the Ferguson circles. Unfortunately, there was never any unity in Beavercreek protests, many were out for their own organization’s publicity and typically did not show up to protests organized by others, or simply organically assembled with no direct leadership. 
The Beavercreek Police and Walmart knew that from day one and people working with local law enforcement and corporate liaisons played on these divisions from day one.
Still, in spite of it all, a contingency of activists continue to assemble at the Beavercreek Walmart on the first Sunday of every month, at 3:00 pm. They also encourage protesters in other cities across the country to do the same at their local Walmart locations. Last month saw over a dozen cities participating.
For better or worse, when there are big-name heavyweights with the power of mainstream media outlets like MSNBC behind them, that does a lot to get people to turn out on the streets. But if they don’t show up and don’t help mobilize for protests, then those crowds don’t show up. Is it any wonder why a corporate giant like Walmart would want to have a guy like that in their pockets? It certainly worked out well for them after John Crawford was killed.  
To be clear, Sharpton said many nice words to support John Crawford, his family and the activists on the ground fighting for Walmart and the Beavercreek Police Department to “Release the Tape,” but he never once mobilized on the ground like he did for Mike Brown. Was this because Walmart was lining his pockets? It seems almost ridiculous to argue otherwise. As the saying goes: TALK IS CHEAP!



ARTICLE

In the wake of the FBI’s scathing report on the Ferguson, Missouri Police Department, there is one very important detail that has largely been glossed over by the media and general public alike.
The recent information dump by The Department of Justice, revealed numerous outrageous instances of police brutality and racism in Ferguson, Missouri. The report released by the DOJ was directly related to an investigation into claims of civil rights abuses by officers and whether Darren Wilson, violated the civil rights of unarmed African American teenager Michael Brown when he shot and killed him last summer.
Some of the most common forms of racist policing highlighted by the report was determined to be the selective enforcement of traffic laws, and using minor ordinances to generate a tremendous amount of city revenue at the expense of the most vulnerable and poor members of the community.
But there were many other things in the report that demonstrated the depart was engaged in “a pattern or practice of unlawful conduct… that violates the First, Fourth, and Fourteenth Amendments to the United States Constitution, and federal statutory law.”
But beyond the many instances of abuse and discrimination highlighted in the report, as it turns out, nearly everyone in the City of Ferguson is actually a wanted criminal with warrants out for their arrests.
In the city of 21,000, there are literally 16,000 with outstanding warrants out for their arrests. That means that three out of every four Ferguson residents is a wanted fugitive. There’s something very wrong with that, and as the
The Justice Department has been thoroughly investigating the Ferguson Police Department for racist practices in hiring and in policing methods and community interactions since the decision was returned not to indict officer Darren Wilson in the fatal shooting of Brown.
Earlier this month, we published a report about how Ferguson Is Being Sued Over ‘Debtors Prisons’ For the Poor.
The 102-page DOJ report documents the arrest warrant data for the Ferguson Municipal Court, which corroborate internal police department communications which found the number of arrest warrants to be “staggering” in the city. The report tells that by December of last year “over 16,000 people had outstanding arrest warrants that had been issued by the court.”
In 2013, there were 32,975 offenses that had warrants issued for them, which equals 1.5 offenses for every resident. 
According to the DOJ, these arrest warrants are “not to protect public safety but rather to facilitate fine collection.”



ARTICLE

A lawsuit has just been filed by a college student who was arrested for photographing a Philadelphia police incident, where a homeless woman was being harassed. He said he simply tried to observe and record the encounter like “a fly on the wall” but quickly found himself being harassed and arrested too.
The incident happened in Pennsylvania. The police will have a difficult case to defend in court since Bacon v. McKeithen, Gagnon Eisele Dillingham, P.A., successfully argued that citizens in the 11th Circuit have a clearly established right to record law enforcement officers if and when those officers are performing their duties in public.
The case in question never ended up even going to trial because the Bay County Sheriff’s Office agreed to a settlement, on the advice of their lawyers who told them very clearly that they would lose in court.
Still, a city attorney described student Coulter Loeb as “a meddlesome 24-year-old” with “very high-minded ideas about government” and journalism. “High-minded ideas about government” can apparently get you arrested these days.
“I don’t think he’s a bad guy. I think he might have made a mistake,” Loeb, now 27, testified as his civil rights trial began this past Wednesday. “But we’re both part of a system that’s much larger than us.”
Assistant City Solicitor John C. Coyle said that filming the police was “interfering” with the performance of their duties.
“Like many other college students, he has some very high-minded ideas about government, the role of government in interactions with its citizenry and the role of the media in observing those interactions,” Coyle said to jurors.
Officer Gaspar said that the University of Cincinnati student was told to step back, but didn’t step far back enough, in his opinion. This, he explained was “being a wise guy.”
“Being a wise guy” is now apparently a criminal offense, which can be charged under the banner of disorderly conduct.
 



ARTICLE

A homeless man in Louisiana has now become the prime example of the failed drug war. His case demonstrates just how the so-called “War on Drugs” is really just a “War on Us.” 
Fate Vincent Winslow, is a 41-year-old homeless African American man, who was down on his luck, homeless and hungry. On September 5th, 2008, Abby Haglage of The Daily Beast, reports that he, along with a man he called “Perdue,” became the targets of a police sting operation.
An undercover cop approached the two, pretending to look for marijuana and a prostitute. Perdue was not arrested, but Winslow was… Why? Because he was desperate to eat and he offered a way to make a quick $5. Haglage reports the exchange as follows:
It was nearly 9:20 p.m., hours after the sun had dipped below the abandoned buildings surrounding them. The lights of downtown Shreveport, Louisiana, flickered in the distance as the plain-clothes man—unbeknownst to them, an undercover cop—arrived. 
“What do you need?” Winslow asked. “A girl and some weed,” Officer Jerry Alkire replied.
Perdue remained silent as Winslow and Alkire negotiated the costs. Winslow wanted a $5 delivery fee for the $20 (two dime bags) of pot. Fine. Money settled, he grabbed Perdue’s bike and took off. In the meantime, Alkire and Perdue waited. According to the police report, the two hardly spoke.
A “girl” was the prime reason Alkire was there. Prostitutes were known to frequent these seedy streets, and he was looking to nab one. It was for this reason that an arrest agent, Sgt. Ricky Scroggins, sat listening to the bug hooked up to his ear from an unmarked vehicle nearby.
The details of what happened next remain murky. Winslow returned to the scene, allegedly with marijuana. Money and drugs were exchanged between hands in the dark. When Scroggins and the other officers rushed to the scene after Officer Alkire confirmed the pot, they found $5 on Winslow and $20 on Perdue. Both bills had been marked, but no one could explain how, exactly, they got there.
Police arrested Winslow, drove him to prison, and locked him up. Six months later, a jury found him guilty of distribution of a schedule I substance (marijuana). Three months after that, a judge sentenced him to life imprisonment with hard labor, without the benefit of parole.
The judge who convicted him not only sentenced him to life in prison, but life in prison “with hard labor.”
The judge noted his previous non-violent felonies: burglaries when he was 17 and again at 26, as well as a 2004 cocaine possession charge. As a result of these felonies, mandatory minimum sentencing requirements have now locked this man up for the rest of his life, to do forced slave labor in prison… All over a $5 profit on a leaf. If this isn’t injustice – if it isn’t insanity – then nothing is. 



ARTICLE

Jeffrey Sterling didn’t hurt anyone, yet he is facing up to 100 years behind bars for nothing more than being a whistleblower. President Barack Obama has repeatedly promised to protect whistleblowers from prosecution and punishment, even though he has used the Espionage Act more than all previous administrations. Those pledges apparently only apply to those who out corruption in private industries, rather than within federal law enforcement and international intelligence circles.
Now, Sterling’s maximum sentence of 100 years in prison and a fine of up to $2.25 million is looming as the former CIA case officer nears his April 24th court date.
Sterling has already been convicted of telling a New York Times reporter specific, classified details regarding a reckless CIA operation that actually helped Iran’s nuclear development.
The case against Sterling was almost entirely based upon circumstantial evidence. The news agency, Russia Today summarized Sterling’s history as follows:
After joining the CIA on May 14, 1993, Sterling eventually rose to the rank of case officer and began working with the agency’s Iran Task Force. Between November 1998 and May 2000, Sterling had been assigned to a mission conspiring to deliver flawed nuclear blueprints to the Iranian government codenamed Operation Merlin. Unaware of the design flaws, the Iranian government would waste years devising a nuclear weapon that could not detonate.
The CIA planned to use a Russian nuclear engineer codenamed Merlin to transport the nuclear blueprints to the Iranians. In a luxurious hotel room in San Francisco, Sterling and a senior CIA officer gave the blueprints to Merlin, who immediately identified a flaw even though he had not been debriefed. Instead of aborting the mission because the design flaw was too obvious, the senior CIA officer went ahead with the operation.
After handing the nuclear blueprints to Merlin, Sterling convinced him to fly to Vienna and deliver the flawed plans to the visiting Iranian representatives of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA). Fearing retaliation from the Iranian government, Merlin unsealed the envelope containing the blueprints and inserted a personal letter warning the Iranians that the blueprints were flawed. Instead of stunting Iran’s nuclear plans, the CIA inadvertently gave the Iranian government valuable information that could be extracted after identifying the intentional design flaw.
On August 22, 2000, Sterling filed a complaint with the CIA’s Equal Employment Office alleging employment-related racial discrimination. Marred with a history of sexual and racial discrimination, the agency ordered the African American Sterling to recruit three new spies within two months even though many white case officers often go two or three years without recruiting anyone. In March 2001, the CIA placed Sterling on administrative leave.
On May 24, 2001, the CIA’s Equal Employment Office denied Sterling’s case. After Sterling filed a civil lawsuit against the CIA, the agency officially terminated him on January 31, 2002. New York Times reporter James Risen interviewed Sterling and published an article regarding his termination from the CIA.
Concerned about his involvement in the potential advancement of the Iranian nuclear program, Sterling met with the Senate Select Intelligence Committee (SSIC) in March 2003 to blow the whistle on a reckless CIA program codenamed Operation Merlin. A month later, Risen prepared to write an article exposing the mistakes made during Operation Merlin when then-National Security Advisor Condoleezza Rice convinced New York Times senior officials to kill Risen’s story. Unable to publish his article about Operation Merlin in The New York Times, Risen began writing a book.
Published in January 2006, Risen wrote “State of War: The Secret History of the CIA and the Bush Administration” against the wishes of the CIA and The New York Times. According to his book, a CIA official sent an email to an Iranian agent in 2004 accidentally including data exposing nearly every CIA asset in Iran. The Iranian spy who received the data was a double agent who turned the information over to Iranian security officials. Many CIA assets in Iran were arrested, interrogated, and never seen again.
Determined to prove Sterling had been Risen’s source for the book even though much of the information addressed events that happened after his termination from the CIA, the Justice Department began investigating both Risen and Sterling. Risen was subpoenaed in 2008, but he fought against it until the subpoena expired in 2009. The following year, the Obama administration renewed the subpoena ordering Risen to break his journalistic integrity and reveal his sources. Risen refused.
On January 6, 2011, Sterling was arrested for illegally disclosing national defense information and obstructing justice. According to the indictment, Sterling had communicated with Risen and revealed classified documents to the investigative journalist. Sterling was also charged with obstruction for deleting an email that he had sent to Risen.
In July 2013, the U.S. Court of Appeals ruled that Risen must testify in Sterling’s trial. Less than a year later, the Supreme Court rejected Risen’s appeal to protect his sources. In a vain attempt to secure his stained legacy, Attorney General Eric Holder announced last year that the Justice Department would not prosecute Risen for refusing to reveal his sources.
After a Kafkaesque trial involving anonymous CIA agents testifying behind seven-foot-high gray partitions, Sterling was convicted on Monday of six counts of unauthorized disclosure of national defense information, and one count each of unlawful retention of national defense information, unauthorized conveyance of government property, and obstruction of justice. Although Sterling’s attorneys demonstrated that at least 90 other CIA officials and numerous SSIC staffers could have given the information to Risen, Sterling was convicted without any evidence of recorded phone conversations or captured email exchanges between him and the reporter.
Watch the video report below to find out more about the nefarious activities that brave whistleblowers like Sterling,  including people like Ralph McGehee, Phil Agee and other former CIA officers and agents have helped to expose…




ARTICLE

Former CIA analyst John Kiriakou outed the U.S. government’s official policies on utilizing torture in the so-called “War on Terror.” 
Kiriakou blew the whistle on his own agency’s use of waterboarding and other “enhanced interrogation” methods, which the former CIA officer claims were nothing more than torture. As a result, and in spite of President Obama’s pledge to protect whistleblowers, Kiriakou was subsequently imprisoned. 
Now, fresh out of prison he says he wouldn’t hesitate to do it again.

Since that interview, Abby Martin of RT also sat down with infamous whistleblower in his home to discuss U.S. policy regarding torture in the so-called “war on terror.” What Kiriakou says now should make us all sit up and listen… he says that it’s not just a choice about being silent and ignoring what goes on “over there” anymore. He claims that all of us are “next” and that these torture tactics are being applied at home, not just abroad.
Watch the interview below…

If you believe this is important, help us spread the word!



ARTICLE

City officials in Bridgeport Connecticut are investigating a recently-leaked memo that was printed on official police department letterhead. The police memo begins and ends with the phrase “White Power” and makes repeated threats towards African American police officers on the department.
The memo, whoever in the department wrote it, was placed in officers’ mailboxes at police headquarters. The letter’s contents disparages and threatens African American and Latino officers. It also singles out one officer who was recently cleared of police brutality charges. 
The letter is addressed to Bridgeport Police Chief Joseph Gaudett and says “Officer Clive Higgins doesn’t belong here in this Police Department” as well as “These Black Officers belong in the toilet.”
Higgins had just been acquitted in a 2011 police brutality case where officers were recorded on video beating a suspect and tasering him. Two officers in the video were convicted, but Higgins was not. He refused to testify on the behalf of the officers who were convicted, based on their own abusive actions in the video.
“He’s not getting his gun or his badge back. He didn’t even support his fellow Officers in Court,” the letter read. “Where were you Higgins ?? You better watch your back.. We know where you live.”
The memo adds “black officers belong in the toilet,” according to Bridgeport police detective Herald Dimbo at a Wednesday news briefing, as well as a copy of the letter which we received.
Dimbo said the department received three similar letters in the last year. There is no denial from anyone in the department that the letterhead is official and does seem to have come directly from the department.
Dimbo said he believes a racist member of the department wrote the memo and it was placed in the mailboxes from there.
He added that back in the 1980s, the Bridgeport department had been placed under a “federal remedy order as a result of being found guilty of discriminatory practice.”
This order was only lifted in 2012.



ARTICLE

New video footage has emerged showing that the man who police shot in the back of the head at a traffic stop actually had his headlights on all along. Police had claimed that their reason for pulling Brandon Tate-Brown, 26, over was because his headlights were off. But now video footage from a 7-Eleven shows Tate-Brown driving with his lights on shortly before the December 15th stop. That means police had no legitimate reason to pull Tate-Brown over in the first place.
The Philadelphia police officers say that Tate-Brown resisted being handcuffed, but they did not explain why he was being placed in handcuffs in the first place for simply failing to have his headlights on. Still, in spite of their lack of cause to cuff the young man, they have continuously used this as the pretext for gunning him down.
They claim that he engaged in a “violent struggle” with the two officers, and “lunged for a handgun” inside of the vehicle.
Now here’s where things get even trickier…
Television news crews arrived on the scene only minutes later and they clearly documented that Tate-Brown’s vehicle had its lights on. Officers would have been prohibited from turning the lights on after the shooting, as this would have been disturbing a crime scene and tampering with evidence.
Tate-Brown’s family says that they believe he was stopped simply for “driving while black.”
Now the video footage has confirmed their suspicions. 
Tate-Brown’s family claims that he was shot in the back of the head by a racist police officer who executed him for demanding to know why he was being handcuffed.
Similarly, his family claims that after they shot him, officers used a “plant gun.” Since the police acknowledge that he had no weapon on his person, it seems difficult to imagine that they would have intuited that he had a hidden weapon inside of the vehicle.
Critics of the official police story ask that if Tate-Brown was going to shoot the officers, why did he leave the gun in the car from the beginning?
All of these things fail to add up to Tate-Brown’s family. They also cite nearby stores surveillance footage which recorded the incident. For some reason, police have refused to release those tapes, saying that they are “part of an open investigation.”
The Philadelphia police are also not releasing the names of the officers involved, nor specifying which officer fired the fatal shot to the back of Tate-Brown’s head.
Attorney Brian Mildenberg, who is representing the Tate-Brown family, said that “if the evidence is in favor of the officers and the videotape shows that, that will provide closure to the family and will remove any unwarranted suspicion from the officers and the department.”
“The fact that they are not releasing it has left open questions. Our purpose is not to stand up and say we know this is a wrongful death. We don’t know that yet because we have not been presented with the evidence. And in a democracy, that’s scary.”
Tate-Brown’s mother said she is not surprised that the officers involved have been cleared, since they are part of a corrupt and racist department.
“I’m disgusted with it. But it doesn’t discourage me, because that’s what they always say,” Tanya Brown-Dickerson explained.
“Show us the proof now. They said once the investigation is up, I would get proof. Then show me. Show me the footage. Until I see that, it’s not over.”
Supporters have marched with her almost weekly since her son was killed by the police. On the 28th of this month, she says she will speak at an anti-police brutality rally in Bridgeton, New Jersey.
“We’re not settling for your systemic oppression,” Brown-Dickerson said. “We’re not settling for you say, ‘Well it’s going get better, we’re working on it.’ You’ve been saying that for 75 years.”



ARTICLE

A Florida Sheriff’s Office deputy is now under investigation after he was filmed dragging a handcuffed female inmate down a hallway at the Broward County Courthouse. 
The woman was dragged by the shackles around her ankles. The video is horrifying, showing a callous deputy who treats the woman worse than most would treat livestock (scroll down for video).
Deputy Christopher Johnson joined the department back in 1988, but he may soon be out of a job. 
For now, the Sheriff’s Department tells us that he will not have any contact with inmates until the Internal Affairs investigation is complete.
The victim who Deputy Johnson was filmed dragging was Dasyl Jeanette Rios, 28, who had been taken to the third floor of the Broward courthouse Monday morning for her arraignment.
Watch the video below and see for yourself…

Broward Sheriff Scott Israel openly questioning Johnson’s conduct and ethics in a statement released only six hours after the video hit social media.
“I am concerned by the way the deputy handled this situation, because there were other courses of action he could have taken,” Israel said. 
“Internal Affairs has initiated a complete and comprehensive investigation, and the deputy has been placed on restricted duty pending the outcome.”
Attorney Bill Gelin saw the incident and began filming the deputy on his smart phone. Public Defender Howard Finkelstein saw the incident. He characterized the deputy’s actions as “criminal.”
In the video you can hear Rios pleading with Johnson.
“Stop! You’re hurting me!” she can be heard screams. “You’re ****ing hurting me! I hate my life! I wish they would kill me already! Why do I have to be alive?”
“I gave you a chance…” Johnson can be heard retorting.
“You didn’t give nobody a chance,” she responds. “All I wanted to do was sob for a few minutes — cry. That’s all I wanted to do was cry for a few minutes.”
“I’m not going back to get beat up!” Rios yells in the video. “I’m not going back to get beat up by BSO! No!”
The video ends with Rios getting dragged through the doorway screaming “No! No! No!”
Witnesses say that Rios had been in court with Broward Judge Kal Le Var Evans for a mental competency hearing on a minor misdemeanor case. She is currently being held without bond in the Broward Main Jail on a probation violation drug charge.
Assistant Public Defender Lynn DeSanti said she witnessed it all.
“He basically picked up this girl, yanked her off the bench, and started dragging her through the hallway,” she recounted. “I said ‘Stop it! What are you doing to her?’ But he just told her, ‘You don’t want to walk? I’m going to drag you.'”
“This is just barbarism,” Gelin continued. “The truly disgusting part is, during that entire breakdown, you can hear her telling them she’s mentally ill. There’s no excuse.”



ARTICLE

Either accounts were recently presented to US District Judge Abdul Kallon in a lawsuit whose outcome is expected in a decision Monday. However the judge rules, it may end up determining whether police that work within schools as “School Resource Officers” are allowed to pepper-spray students for being “unruly.”
The suit explains that schools should “have the tools to help calm down a conflict,” but that should “not involve spraying chemicals in kids’ faces.”
Mother Jones reported that the suit was filed in 2010 by the Southern Poverty Law Center. It alleges that eight students, “suffered physically and emotionally from unnecessary use of pepper spray.”
The suit specifically names six school cops, as Birmingham Alabama Police Chief A.C. Roper. The suit has class action status, meaning that the decision the judge hands down will apply to all of the district schools, and may indirectly impact decisions across state lines in the future.
“We want it to be declared unconstitutional because it allows officers to spray people, specifically students, without considering a wide variety of factors—such as whether they are in a school environment, the fact that they are in a closed environment, and the fact that these things that they are accusing kids of doing and acting on are actually just student misconduct issues,” Ebony Howard, the SPLC staff attorney said.
Since 2006, Howard explains that there have been hundreds of incidents where high school students have been pepper-sprayed for being “unruly” even though no laws were broken.
“We want training for these officers on adolescent development, de-escalation techniques, conflict management, and conflict resolution,” she told Allie Gross with Mother Jones.
“Basically, we want them to be trained on how to actually be SROs, and to work in an environment where they have the tools to help calm down a conflict that do not involve spraying chemicals in kids’ faces.”
According to the Congressional Research Service (CRS) there were nearly 12,000 school cops or “SROs” in 1997, but by 2003, that number had jumped to nearly 20,000.
Michael Choy, the police department’s defense attorney, argued in the second week of the trial, that high school students “are not children” but, instead, “big adults.”
Dennis Parker, the head of the American Civil Liberties Union’s racial justice program said that such comments are “very disturbing.”
Gross notes that Thomas Pedroni, an associate professor at Wayne State University’s College of Education, commented on this situation, saying that “Police set up a different environment in a school. It becomes less focused on nurturing and caring and growing, and more focused on control…It’s sort of tough in the environment of police presence to go, ‘Oh, no, we’re really a community of trust.’
“When you use a tactic like chemical sprays in schools, what you do is you teach a kid who has been sprayed, a kid who may have been accidentally sprayed, a kid who saw another kid get sprayed, as well as a kid who just knows about the use of the chemical—all of those kids learn to distrust law enforcement officers,” Howard continued. “They learn that they will not be treated fairly.”



ARTICLE

Taking payoffs, breaking the law and pushing through unconstitutional legislation as special favors to corporate interests has long been par for the course in politics. But now Representative Kevin Calvey (R – Oklahoma City) wants to make it official and make it illegal to arrest any state officials accused of a public offense.
Representative Calvey has introduced House Bill 2206, which would prohibit Oklahoma’s district attorneys from prosecuting state officials, granting that power exclusively to the state’s Attorney General. This would exempt lawmakers from prosecution of nearly any crimes that are normally handled at the local level.
The bill proposes the following:
“The jurisdiction of a prosecution against a principal in the commission of a public offense, when such principal is a state elected official, state legislator, district court judicial officer, appellate judicial officer or an appointee of a state board or state commission at the time of the commission of the offense, is within the sole and exclusive prosecutorial authority of the Attorney General of Oklahoma. Such an action must be filed in the county of residence of the state officer.”
“It’s a big deal to me. I’m upset and concerned,” Oklahoma County District Attorney David Prater explained. “This bill creates a different class of citizens that would be protected from the normal prosecution process.”
“I am suspicious … that is what this is really about,” Prater added.
Rep. Calvey, said that he filed the bill because there is “malicious prosecution” of politicians. He cited the prosecution in Texas of former Gov. Rick Perry. But Calvey is in Oklahoma, and Perry is no longer in office, though he is fighting an abuse-of-power indictment that he says is politically motivated.
While Calvey says he doesn’t think anything “so outrageous” would happen in Oklahoma, he adds “who knows who will get elected to those offices in the future? I do think it’s just better to prevent that kind of thing from ever arising… The point is to not allow a locally elected official to effectively have undue influence over statewide policy.”
The bill never goes into specifics on what would be considered a public offense, thus providing immunity to lawmakers for nearly any criminal activity at the local level. Since Calvey himself acknowledges that the point would be to avoid legislators or politicians from being prosecuted for abuse-of-power, this bill proposes to set forth a very dangerous precedence that could lead to even less accountability for politicians.



ARTICLE

Imagine living in a state where it is perfectly legal to carry a real assault rifle, but if you tried to carry a replica or BB-gun, then you would be a criminal. That’s what one Ohio Representative has proposed in a bizarre new bill that she is terming “John Crawford’s Law.”
Just when you think the politics, police and prosecutorial responses to the shooting of John Crawford III could not get any more insane, House Bill 681 and now the second attempt at the same proposal, House Bill 16, shows that it can.
Ohio Representative Alicia Reece introduced “John Crawford’s Law” suggesting that it will “stop police shootings.” But the bill would actually criminalize the very things that John Crawford was doing in Walmart when he was shot and killed by Beavercreek Police Officer Sean Williams.
One relevant passage of the bizarre bill reads clearly that, “No person shall knowingly openly display or expose any imitation firearm in a public place on or after January 1, 2016.”
Even a child who takes a sharpie to color on their BB-gun to darken the fluorescent markings the bill proposes would instantly become a criminal.
“No person, on or after January 1, 2016, shall knowingly add to any firearm any coloration, markings, or bands that are required by any law or regulation of this state or the United States for any imitation firearm in a way that makes the firearm look more like an imitation firearm,” the text of the draconian bill reads.
Whoever violates either open carrying a BB-gun, or coloring on it, “is guilty of alteration of an imitation firearm, a misdemeanor of the first degree.”
Elder Vernellia Randall is a former law professor at the University of Dayton who was brutalized by the Beavercreek Police at a Justice For John Crawford protest. When she heard the details of this bill, she commented, “I hate to rain on Rep Alicia Reece, but… [t]he problem wasn’t the open bb gun – as evidenced that it laid out for days and no white person was killed. The problem was the racist call to 911 and the police failing to act reasonable by determining the real level of threat.
“If she wants to do something,” Randall continued, “make it a felony to make false calls to 911, [and] make it a felony for cops to fail to act as a reasonably trained copy in same or similar circumstances,” she added.
Additionally, the former law professor suggested making it “a felony for a cop to kill unarmed people. Supporting [this] bill is worst than doing nothing it is distracting. I suspect that it is useful to the family as it will help them bill a case that Walmart acted unreasonable but it does nothing to actually prevent the lynching of black men and women.”
Community activists and representatives from local Cop Block chapters in Beavercreek, Dayton, Yellow Springs, near Beavercreek where Crawford was shot, say that the problem is police brutality.
“Our parents and grandparents grew up in an era when kids ran around with BB-guns all the time. Who got shot for this back then? One key difference was that police were less militarized back then. While they certainly had their problems, the almost constant occurrence of shootings like this was not something that used to happen,” Micah David of Yellow Springs Cop Block explained to us.
But Representative Reece thinks that her law will make police less trigger happy.
“The shooting of John Crawford III devastated many people in our community and left us looking for answers,” an official press release said.
“This bill is but one small step in addressing this tragedy and helping to prevent future deadly confrontations with someone who clearly presents little to no immediate threat or danger. With Saturday’s deadly shooting of a 12-year-old in Cleveland, it is becoming crystal clear that we need this law in Ohio.”
Reece said that her bill is modeled after California Senate Bill 199, introduced by Senator Kevin de Leon after two teenagers were shot and killed by police who believed that them holding toy guns that looked real was just cause to open fire and kill the youths.
But David said this bill not only won’t solve the underlying problem, it actually distracts us from what the real causes of police violence against citizens is.
“Cop Block police accountability protesters along with members of Ohio Open Carry and Anonymous activists marched right to the spot where John Crawford was gunned down by Officer Sean Williams. We marched there with real assault rifles and the Beavercreek Police knew it. They didn’t make a single attempt to interfere with us,” David continued his commentary on the situation.
“So why are we pretending that this is about confusing BB-guns with real guns?” David added. “If the police are allowed to shoot you just for having a real gun, or something they believe is a real gun, then why didn’t they shoot us?”
David explained that there have been “dozens” of protests since then where they have showed up at the Beavercreek Walmart armed with pistols and assault rifles. “Still no officers tried to gun us down. Clearly, just having a rifle or pistol out doesn’t give an officer the right to shoot and kill you.
“Real guns are legal to open carry. Officer William’s defense of his assassination of John Crawford is completely illegitimate and illegal. It doesn’t matter if it was a BB-gun like Crawford had, or a legally-obtained machine gun. If one is not disqualified from owning the weapon, it is perfectly legal in Ohio to carry it in plain view. Discussion that pretends the issue is about police not knowing the nature of the weapon and its lethality confuses the real issue, which is the issue of police militarization and brutality,” David continued.
Another police accountability activist with Beavercreek Cop Block pledged that if this bill passes, then members of their chapter will open carry real assault rifles, including the real version of the Bushmaster ACR and the unmarked replica that John Crawford was carrying in Walmart last August when Officer Sean Williams shot and killed him.
“We have pledges from a dozen people who will carry both simultaneously and both in Walmart. Can you imagine the Beavercreek Police trying to arrest a dozen or so protesters who are carrying assault rifles, not for carrying assault rifles, but for carrying the BB-gun that John Crawford was carrying? It’s absurd. If they would like to arrest us, they can and we will file suit against the city for violation of the Ohio State Constitution which permits open carry, and does not make exceptions nor exclusions for BB-guns.”
It would seem that these activists are correct. The Ohio State Constitution permits open carry, and without changing that constitution, it would be problematic to pass a bill that prohibits open carry of a replica firearm, while leaving open carry rights intact. This seems to be a caveat that Representative Reece had not considered.
David concluded, telling us that, “the focus should be on Ronald Ritchie’s reaction to John Crawford, Sean Williams reaction to John Crawford and the Beavercreek Police Department and Greene County Prosecutor’s reaction to their reactions to John Crawford. John Crawford did not do anything wrong or illegal and we should not focus on the BB-gun as though he did something wrong, illegal or even that in any way brought about his own death through imprudence. This is passive victim blaming.”
If you agree, then help get the word out about this bizarre, victim-blaming bill!



ARTICLE

A man who was simply riding his bike home when he was beaten by Los Angeles Police Department officers, is now filing suit in federal court. 
Clinton Alford Jr. explains that he was beaten unconscious by two LAPD cops back on October 16th. That’s when he says officers stopped him to harass him, even though he had done nothing illegal whatsoever. 
The 22-year-old explains that he was terrified about the officers stopping him for no reason, so he decided to run away, as he saw no grounds for him being detained by officers. This led to a heated chase, in which officers apparently amped themselves up on adrenaline and were determined to commit violence against Alford once he was caught. 
The LAPD cops tasered Alford before kicking him over and over. The assault occurred in spite of the fact that he was not resisting arrest whatsoever. One of the kicks to the face was so hard that he lost a filling in his tooth. Another kick caused him to black out. 
The entire thing was captured on a store surveillance camera, but unfortunately that video has not yet been released.
The lawsuit alleges that Alford’s civil rights were violated. It names the City of Los Angeles, Police Chief Charlie Beck along with five other officers in the suit. 
Chief Beck said in a statement that he is “extremely concerned about this particular use of force.” 
But beyond that, the LAPD has refused to comment. They have, however, noted in an official statement last month that they have launched an investigation into the incident.
“Let me be very clear,” Beck said, “any officer that is found to abuse the public is not welcome in this department, and we will apply whatever legal or administrative means necessary to insure the community’s trust without exception.”



ARTICLE

Antony Caravella had to wait 26 years for justice…
The 46-year-old was wrongfully imprisoned after being framed by two Miramar police officers for the rape and murder of 58-year old Ada Cox Jankowski.
Jankowski was in fact brutally raped and stabbed over a dozen times, but the mentally challenged Caravella had nothing to do with the crimes against her.
Still, back in 1983, Caravella was framed by two police officers William Mantesta and George Pierson.
Caravella was released from prison back in September 2009 and was cleared of any and all involvement through DNA testing.
But now, a federal appeals court has ruled Officers Mantesta and Pierson must pay Caravella $7 million directly. That’s right, the city is not being told to foot the bill for these rogue officers: they, the rogue officers, are being told to pay Caravella themselves.
When Caravella was arrested back on December 28, 1983, Officer Mantesta and Officer George Pierson spent hours alone with him, telling the 15 year old information about the Jankowski crime scene, and then tricking him into repeating the information back in a way that they said amounted to a confession.
Caravella had an IQ of 67, and was considered mentally challenged.
The jury who awarded Caravella the $7m claim against the officers, found that both had “while acting under color of state law as a members of the City of Miramar Police Department acted with malice or reckless indifference to Caravella.”
The court decided that the now retired Officer Mantesta is liable for $4 million and the similarly retired Peirson is liable for $3 million.



ARTICLE

When Denver police officers shot and killed 17-year-old Jessica Hernandez on Monday, there were several eye-witnesses in the car. Now one of them is speaking out in defense of her friend, and in contradiction to the official police story. 
The eye-witness account is in direct conflict with the story woven by Denver Police Chief Robert White who told reporters that the officer needed to unload on the car full of teenagers in order to save his own life. 
Chief Robert White told reporters that, “as they approached, the driver of the vehicle struck the original officer at which time the officers fired several shots.” 
But the anonymous eye-witness who was in the vehicle with Jessica says that is complete nonsense.
“When the cops walked up, they were on [Jessica’s] side of the car, and they shot the window and they shot her. That’s when she wrecked, and that’s when the cop got hit.”
No officer had been struck by the vehicle at all when Jessica was shot. It was only after she was shot that she lost control of the vehicle and the officer was struck.
Hernandez’s parents, family and friends are demanding a full, third party investigation into this shooting.
Watch the local report from local 9 KUSA-TV below…




ARTICLE

He was sentenced to six years for sexually assaulting a domestic violence victim. Justice served, right? Wrong. In spite of his conviction, the former Tennessee Sheriff’s deputy could avoid prison time altogether.
Back in 2011, Shelby County Sheriff’s Office detective James Bishof, 58, manipulated and tricked a 22-year-old woman into disrobing for him. It was all so he could “take photos of any possible injuries,” he said.
The woman had just been beaten by her then boyfriend, and the deputy figured this would be a good time to manipulate a vulnerable woman. He convinced her to take off her clothes so he could take nude pictures of her breasts, buttocks and genitals, all in a restroom at the General Investigation Bureau, where he was employed.
He then showed up at her house, later, and told her she needed to get naked again, so that he could take even more explicit photos. During that time he groped her and made further sexual advances.
The woman who was victimized by the deputy said that she felt she could not resist, because deputy Bishof was a police officer, with a badge and a gun that would make him more believable.
Local WATN says that Bishof pleaded guilty as part of a plea agreement, but if Criminal Court Judge Lee Coffee decides to let him serve his sentence on probation, this Feb. 27 might see Bishof a free man, also eligible for a diversion program.



ARTICLE

The NYPD is famous for their “if you see something, say something” policy. But a Bronx woman, 67, says she was punished by New York cops for reporting drug dealers in her neighborhood. 
After Arles Cepeda, who lives in Castle Hill Houses, called the NYC “311” line “too many times” to report drug dealers, she was arrested and locked behind bars. Now she says she will file a federal lawsuit against the NYPD.
How many times is “too many?” She called 44 times during a stretch of 15 months. But she says she was making a point. She was reporting separate incidences of illegal activity all within that time period. 
“I kept calling, but no one ever did anything,” Cepeda explained in an interview with the Daily News.
Cepeda says that her complaints to building management have been ignored, as have previous calls to 311 and 911. Most of the calls were about drugs, she explained. 
Detective Theodore Stefatos, a narcotics investigator called her on Dec. 4, 2012 to tell her to stop calling them to report drug dealers, she says. 
Cepeda says that cops showed up after she called about the drug dealers lining her way in to her apartment. But when police showed up, the drug dealers dispersed. The cops said they didn’t see any drug dealers, so she was going to be arrested. 
“I was handcuffed behind my back,” she explained, in tears. “And my neighbors saw me. I was so embarrassed.”
At the 43rd Precinct station, she was warned she would be institutionalized in a mental hospital if she continued to report the drug dealers.
“If you continue calling, I’m gonna take you to the pysch unit at Jacobi Hospital,” she recalled the detective saying. “He was very cruel to me.”
She was then charged with offering a false instrument for filing. Her lawyer, Samuel Cohen, says that the charge makes no sense. Cepeda made phone calls. She never filed anything in writing. 
When they showed up to court, the whole thing was quickly thrown out. But that doesn’t change how she was treated, arrested, or threatened with institutionalization…. all for reporting crimes. 
NYPD officials refused to comment when we asked them about this case. 



ARTICLE

The U.S. Justice Department is just about to wrap up their investigation into the shooting of Mike Brown, the unarmed African American teenager who was killed by Ferguson, Missouri Police Officer Darren Wilson. What is clear from all sources “in the know” is that Wilson is about to walk for a second time. This time he will be cleared of any wrong doing, with respect to any civil rights charges. 
That’s according to what The New York Times reported on Wednesday. The paper quoted police officials who said that federal prosecutors are drafting the legal memo that will recommend no civil rights charges against Wilson. Law enforcement sources told the Times that an FBI investigation “found no evidence to support charges against him.”
We contacted the Justice Department to see if a media spokesperson might care to elaborate on this decision. As might be expected, they declined comment. But they said that they are still conducting a probe into the Ferguson police force as a whole. 
Benjamin Crump, the lawyer for Brown’s family said that they are still waiting “for the official word from the Justice Department regarding whether or not any charges will be filed against the police officer who shot and killed him.”
He is not convinced by the Times’ source.
Officer Wilson’s attorney, Neil Bruntrager, for his part, said, “we don’t believe he has done anything that would merit any kind of a prosecution or any kind of civil rights claims and we are just awaiting the outcome like everybody else.” 
But The New York Time’s is certain of their source and few see any credible reason to doubt it. Does this mean that we can stop waiting on the federal investigation into Officer Sean Williams, who shot and killed John Crawford in a Beavercreek, Ohio Walmart? Does this decision mean that “federal investigations” into police brutality are nothing more than farces and legal pageantry intended to give us one more reason to believe that the System really might work for the oppressed… maybe just once? 
Maybe this is as good a time as any to stop putting our hopes for justice in the System.



ARTICLE

Former NYPD officer Gilberto Valle was accused of plotting to kidnap, murder, cook and eat women. But he was released from jail last July even with all of the online documentation of his cannibal plots.
Once his conviction was overturned, he apparently got right to work on setting up a new Match.com profile, asking for a “non-judgmental” woman, according to the New York Post.
The handle used was AmicableOne14. The account eerily listed “cooking” as a hobby. He also said it is important for women to be “a little kinky.”
Gawker’s Aleksander Chan says that the profile is legit, but Jezebel says they think it’s fake.
Former Officer Valle is out on supervised release and has a lot of free time on his hands since his wife found out about his cannibalistic plotting. We have confirmed that Valle did in fact set up an OKCupid profile which – also eerily – lists “Green Eggs And Ham” as his favorite book.
“It’s about a guy named Sam who makes this new breakfast and tries to get his neighbor to try it,” Valle explained of his quirky reading preferences.
“After many failed attempts, the neighbor finally eats it and to his surprise he really likes it. The Doctor’s message in his literary work is that it is good to try new things. I try and employ it in my everyday life.”
Sounds a bit like he’s implying he likes to trick people into eating things that they object to because he thinks they would really like it like him…
Watch the video below, because this is just too strange for words…




ARTICLE

Earlier today we ran Alternative Media Syndicate’s republication of Barbara Sprouse’s article about Jason Mahe, a man who was shot 9 times by police, 7 of those shots being in his back.
Once in jail, after surviving this shooting, Jason lost 150 pounds in the first 6 months behind bars. One of the gunshots broke his arm. He later developed Staph infections and Septis as a result of these nearly fatal wounds.
But more recently, after he was choked and punched by a Corrections Officer, Jason had surgery that went down to the marrow of his leg. Now, we are told that he is dangerously close to death in jail. All of this over a BB-gun.
A source close to the family, Jason Nellis, says that “the priority here is getting him the medical treatment he needs.”
According to Barbara, Jason Mahe’s mother, who wrote the piece on Alternative Media Syndicate and Cop Block, “one of the officers who shot Jason lied stating that Jason had pulled the ‘GUN’ out of his waistband and pointed at them, that is when he and his fellow officers who were only 15 ft or less from him began to shoot him in his front area of his body. Jason told his public defender to ask if that were true then why are all but one of his entry wounds in his back? His public defender HARMONY LETIZIA tells Jason that’s not important.”
Not important?
Nellis says that Barbara’s very latest update, after she got a phone call from Jason, said “I just talked to him he sounds terrible. I got a feeling in my gut he is not gonna make it… He isn’t going to see 30 years old. Mothers just know things…”
Barbara also said that her son is so sick that he is being housed in a negative pressure cell. Negative room pressure is an isolation technique used in hospitals and medical centers to prevent cross-contaminations from room to room.
If you believe that Jason needs serious medical help – not behind bars – then call the Clark County Detention Center at (702) 671-3900 and let them know that you demand JUSTICE!



ARTICLE

“Where are all the good cops?” Critics of police brutality and abuse of power often wonder this – sometimes aloud, often on social media. But there is an answer to that question – it’s not purely rhetorical – the “good cops” are driven out of work by the bad cops. 
Far from being “a few bad apples,” Detective Joseph Crystal of the Baltimore Police Department says that he was targeted by other officers for trying to root out corruption. 
“If you snitch, your career is done,” one officer told him. He eventually became public enemy No. 1 inside the Baltimore Police Department. But before that, he was considered a rising star in law enforcement.
Crystal was the son of two NYPD cops, and was in charge of his police academy cadet class from the start. With only two years on the force, he was promoted to detective. 
“Being a cop was all I ever wanted to do,” he explains. “A dream come true.”
But all of that changed after he came forward to report the 2011 beating of a drug suspect by another officer. 
His testimony helped to secure convictions against the officer who beat the suspect and the sergeant who helped. But Crystal says that there was a systemic, pattern of abuse. 
“I never imagined that doing the right thing as a cop could cost me so much,” Crystal told reporters from the Daily News.
Now, Crystal is suing the Baltimore Police Department for failing to protect him from retaliation after he outed the bad cops in his department.
Watch the video and interview below…




ARTICLE

They were arrested for sexual abuse involving a minor, but now former Aledo Police Officer Steven Bonynge says that he was treated unfairly by being forced to resign.
Officers Bonynge, 32, and Seth Degelman, 30, had been investigated by the Aledo Police Department after they received a complaint about their sexual abuse of a juvenile. That’s according to Aledo Police Chief J. Michael Sponsler who spoke with reporters from local WQAD 8.
The Chief pointed us to a statement released from attorney Blaise Rogers of Gullbert, Box & Worby, LLC, who said he represents Bonynge. It said that the victim was “slightly under the age of 17.” In other words, she was 16.
But Steven Bonynge later seemed to want to distance himself from the case, saying, “I am not his sole attorney. I am just the messenger. William K. Gullberg and Kyle J. Worby are the partners working on the case as well.”
Bonynge found himself slapped with a class 2 felony aggravated criminal sexual abuse, meaning that he used a weapon in the commission of the assault.
Former Officer Degelman, for his part, was charged with class 3 felony. That charge was indecent solicitation and aggravated criminal sexual abuse. Again, the “aggravated” bit means he used a weapon in the commission of the crime.
Both officers resigned their positions, Aledo Mayor Chris Hagloch said.
Rogers, the officer’s attorney, said that Bonynge’s resignation was “a direct result of administrative mismanagement by the Aledo Police Department, a reckless disregard for his personal and professional integrity, as well as his rights in the criminal justice system.”
“The accusations do not include the use of force, threat, intimidation, or coercion,” he continued.
Bonynge now claims that he was “being forced out.” He adds that his “resignation is involuntary,” claiming that his arrest and treatment “has been unconscionable.”
Are you crying a river for him yet?
He’s not done. The copy of the resignation letter provided by Rogers, continues the sob story, saying: “I am innocent of this criminal charge but it appears that I have already been convicted by my superiors.”
“Resigning for these reasons is discouraging but, given the circumstances I was put in, I do not have any choice,” the former cop adds.  “I know I will not have the opportunity to be rehired or to continue my employment by the Aledo Police Department, but I would like to say that I have performed my duty faithfully and I have nothing but the utmost respect for the residents of Aledo and Mercer County.”



ARTICLE

Don’t think that police are going to let you off easy just because you’re in Elementary School… Cops in Post Falls, Idaho proved that no age is too young for them to arrest a child, after they took a 9-year-old-boy into custody, after he failed to appear in court. 
The court appearance was for stealing a pack of chewing gum, an offense that seems could have been resolved by a simple call to the boy’s parents. 
Barry McHugh, the prosecutor for Kootenai County, says that he now believes he made a mistake by issuing the arrest warrant for the boy who was just released on January 9th. 
“After reviewing the file today, I have concluded that my office’s request to have an arrest warrant issued was a mistake under the circumstances,” McHugh said. “I regret this having taken place and will do everything in my power to avoid this type of mistake in the future.”
The story was so outrageous that we had to call the police department and prosecutor’s office to confirm when we heard about it. But the Post Falls Police Chief Scot Haug even tried to defend much of the entire criminal process. He explained that the boy was accused of stealing a pack of gum last summer. 
“Officers were legally obligated” to make an arrest, he claimed, then taking the Elementary School child to a juvenile detention center in Coeur d’Alene.
“He was not handcuffed, he was not searched. He was not put it into jail, they basically just gave him a ride,” Haug tried to smooth over the incident. 
But as for the warrant, he doesn’t agree with that. 
“When the warrant was issued, it was shocking to our staff. I’ve never seen that happen before. I think this case slipped through the cracks.”
“Knowing the child’s age, the charged offense, and other circumstances in the case, we should have attempted this other option,” a court diversion program, McHugh said of his office’s “mistake.”
Yeah, do you think?



ARTICLE

A rookie cop on the Toledo Police Department has just been placed on administrative leave after accidentally shooting his friend while cleaning his gun.
Officer Michael Ellerbrook just graduated from the police academy last spring, but he’s already off the job as an internal investigation is underway.
Police reports from the city of Sylvania police indicate that Officer Ellerbrook shot his friend, Steven Kurtz, while the two of them were inside a home cleaning the officer’s firearm.
There is no question from the witnesses who saw this all occur, that the officer’s actions were purely accidental. But this comes as claims of police “training” and “experience” with firearms continue to be claimed, not only by law enforcement, but also proponents of restrictive gun policies.
If police are to be exempted from such gun legislation, the reason is typically cited as being their superb training.
Kurtz was shot in the chest by Officer Ellerbrook, who we are told will not be charged with any crime. Kurtz is said to be in fair condition.
Toledo Police representatives declined any further comment on this case.



ARTICLE

“It wasn’t so much the press attacking my daughter,” the mother of Adaisha Miller said. Adaisha was shot after witnesses say she tried to dance with a Detroit police officer. In addition to the problematic pieces being run in the mainstream media, it was also “the Detroit Police Department with their excuses as well as their inability to tell the truth.”
Yolanda McNair, Adaisha’s mother, said that eventually the media did start asking some critical questions, but at first it seemed they were all too quick to work in collusion with the Detroit Police Department by assassinated her daughter’s character after she was killed by  off-duty police officer.
Adaisha was celebrating the weekend before she turned 25 when she was shot and killed by off-duty Detroit Police Officer Isaac L. Parrish III.
Miller had been dancing with the Detroit officer. Witnesses claim that upon coming in for a hug, his improper method of carrying his firearm resulted in its accidental discharge.
Adaisha’s mother, Yolanda McNair said that all of this happened at an outdoor party around 12:30 a.m.
“For this to happen to her, whether they want to call it freak accident or mistake in judgment, it should have never happened to my child, and there’s nothing I can do to get her back,” McNair said to local WDIV news.
Police Sgt. Eren Stephens said that Miller “embraced the officer from behind, causing the holstered weapon to accidentally discharge.”
But a property holstered firearm will not discharge by itself. Whatever happened, we can be sure that the weapon was not being carried safely or in accordance with the law. This resulted in the bullet puncturing Miller’s lung and heart. She later passed away at the hospital.
The officer remained on administrative duties throughout the course of an investigation into the shooting death.
“All she wanted to do was enjoy the weekend for her birthday,” Miller’s mother said. “She had every right to enjoy turning 25 and look beyond that.”
Eventually, however, the case was closed and the officer was cleared of any wrong-doing. Yolanda says “Detroit Police Officer Isaac L. Parrish III,” the off-duty officer in question, “was given special treatment from the very beginning.”
Watch the local video report below…
Now, the family of Adaisha Miller says they want the case reopened. A petition on Change.org asks the Wayne County Prosecutor Kym Worthy to reopen the case.
Our [position] is that a thorough, unbiased investigation was not conducted and that there was a blatant disregard for due process, policy and procedures in regards to timely disclosure of evidence, information and results. Also we, the family of Adaisha Miller were purposely mislead about the reason the investigation was halted only to find out via the Sunday night news that your department had concluded it’s investigation without ever speaking to the family or friends of Adaisha– and the officer was CLEARED of any wrongdoing. We feel that you should Professionally revisit this case or ask an outside entity to conduct a proper one for you.
“The Wayne County Prosecutor’s Office conducted an extensive independent investigation of the facts and circumstances surrounding the death of Adaisha Miller and concluded that the evidence would not support charging the off-duty police officer,” Wayne County Prosector’s Office spokeswoman Maria Miller told the Huffington Post in a letter earlier this year. “We do not plan to re-open the case.”
Yolanda says that this “investigation” was a farce. The Detroit Police Department and the media worked together, she explains, to defend the officer and assassinate her daughter’s character.
“The Detroit Police used the press and the media as their weapon to attack my daughter’s character after her death, rather than being responsible and holding the officer accountable for his actions,” Yolanda explained.
She says “we cannot expect the Detroit Police Department to investigate themselves in an unbiased manner.”
“The Detroit Police Department put out different stories before my daughters funeral,” she added.
Eventually, she says, they worked their way through five completely different stories as to how she was shot.
“It wasn’t until I had told Detroit Channel 4 News reporter Rob Maloney that my daughter was a licensed massage therapist that the Detroit Police Department came up with their exotic dancer excuse.”
None of that was true. But that didn’t matter to the media or police.
Help get the word out about this petition! Add your name to the petition, like the Justice For Adaisha page and SPREAD THE WORD to everyone you know who cares!



ARTICLE

A corrupt cop with a side gig in a drug-running gang has just been busted after driving his  involved in prostitution and drugs was brought to justice after driving his $257,000 Ferrari to work.
Osman Iqbal, 37, was a Birmingham cop in the United Kingdom until he was jailed in September. It wasn’t the drugs that he was busted for though. Investigators found that he had been running a brothel, and slapped him with seven years.
Iqbal, for his part, admitted to three misconduct offenses in court. Chief Inspector Martin Brennan said that the dirty cop’s “greed had been his downfall”.
Other officers at the Kings Heath police station said they would never have suspected anything if it were not for Officer Iqbal driving to the department in the ultra-pricy ride.
The BBC says that Iqbal has now been convicted not just of running a brothel, but also money laundering, selling drugs and several other charges.
“Colleagues became suspicious and West Midlands Police’s counter-corruption unit began investigating. Officers discovered Iqbal, from Ward End, had bank accounts for two non-existent businesses that were being used to launder “hundreds of thousands of pounds” from brothels in the Covent Garden and Marylebone areas of London.
“During their investigations, detectives also found Iqbal had attempted to access police intelligence systems. Iqbal was asked by Nahiem Ajmal, a Birmingham religious leader, to obtain information on behalf of Sajad Khan, West Midlands Police said.”
Officer Iqbal worked in collusion with his cousin, who was a convicted armed robber. Together, they would pick clients up from strip clubs, and other locations, take them to brothels, sell them drugs and meanwhile run up their bank cards.
Once the clients found out, they wouldn’t report the crimes, because how would they explain the circumstances that led to the cop and his cousin ripping them off.
Even though he was convicted in September, the the details of Iqbal’s case remained sealed until just now. We are told that he is now facing a new and additional charge of “misconduct in a public office.”



ARTICLE

As the nation has been torn apart by police violence and abuse, many citizens have begun to wonder whether there are any good cops at all. Critics have suggested that if there are “good cops,” they should be out there stopping the bad cops from abusing their power. 
So where are these legendary “good cops”? 
Right here, in the video below, it would seem…

We can see from the video that the arresting officer repeatedly tries to pull up the suspect by his restrained arms, contorting and twisting his shoulder joints in a way that was causing him sheer agony. 
But another officer comes to the suspect’s aid, not once, not twice, but at least three times physically stopping the arresting officer from abusing the suspect. 
If you think that all cops SHOULD take a stand like this, then help us SPREAD THE WORD!



ARTICLE

Rabia Chaudry knew her friend since he was 14, and was there when Adnan Syed was tried and convicted for a crime he did not commit. But Adnan’s innocence did not help him out when a jury convicted him of first degree murder even though there was not a shred of physical evidence against him.
Since that day, Adnan has been in jail for nearly sixteen years – since the age of 17 –  for a murder he did not commit. Now, thanks in part to the popular podcast “Serial,” there are millions of people across America know who know what Chaudry has always maintained: that Adnan Syed was wrongfully convicted for a crime he did not commit.
Listen to the podcast below:

Rabia writes the following:
Back in 1999, Adnan was an honor roll student, an athlete, an EMT, on the prom court, an active member of the mosque, with no history of violence and no criminal record. Our entire community was shocked when he was accused of murdering his ex-girlfriend, Hae Min Lee, because Adnan was never confrontational or showed anger to anyone. We could not believe, and still do not accept, that he is capable of such a crime.
Adnan was convicted solely because of the testimony of one witness, Jay Wilds. “Serial” called Jay’s testimony into serious question, and in light of the podcast’s revelations Jay himself has changed his story about what happened the day Hae was killed.
The sole witness against Adnan has now publicly admitted to perjury. An innocent man is in prison, and Hae’s real killer is still at large.
Rabia tells us that Adnan’s attorneys have filed an urgent petition with the Maryland Court of Special Appeals to give Adnan another chance at a post-conviction appeal. The State is deciding this week whether to oppose our request, so it is absolutely crucial that we demonstrate public support for Adnan.
She is calling on everyone sign her petition which demands that the Maryland Attorney General stand down and not oppose post-conviction relief or a new trial for Adnan Syed.
“It is not too late to undo this egregious miscarriage of justice,” Rabia says, “but we don’t have much time. After nearly sixteen years in prison for a crime he didn’t commit, Adnan’s fate may come down to this: one week for the State of Maryland to decide whether to fight to keep Adnan in prison.
“If you’ve listened to ‘Serial,'” she adds, “you know that I’ve been fighting for Adnan for fifteen years. In fact, I’m the person who reached out to Sarah Koenig about Adnan in the first place, the reason the podcast was made.”
Now, she continues, “we are finally so close now to a new chance for Adnan, but I need your help. We only have untilJanuary 14th to make our voices heard.”
Please sign Rabia’s petition for post-conviction relief for Adnan and help SPREAD THE WORD!



ARTICLE

A massive protest just took place outside of the home of former U.S. Vice President Dick Cheney. The Saturday protest at the McLean, Virginia property was intended to mark the 14th anniversary of the Guantanamo Bay prison. Protesters explained that their specific complaints were against the lack of due process and the use of torture by the military and members of the U.S. Intelligence community. 
The protest was organized by the anti-war group Code Pink. Once it kicked off, demonstrators walked up to the former Vice President’s house. But the security on site quickly called the police who arrived and told the protesters to leave.
Fairfax County police spokesman Roger Henriquez said that the two members who refused to comply were arrested on trespassing charges.
These two activists were Tighe Barry, 57, and Eve Tetaz, 83. Both of these protesters are residents of Washington DC. 
One law enforcement official that we spoke with said that there is an additional charge of “disorderly conduct” that at least one of them will face. We asked what constituted “disorderly conduct,” but the representative could not give us a clear answer.
The Associated Press noted that another Code Pink group demonstrated without incident outside the home of CIA Director John Brennan. That was also in the Washington, D.C. suburb of McLean. Brennan, apparently did not think they were doing anything illegal, so the police were not called. 
All of this was part of “Guantanamo Anniversary Weekend Torturers Tour,” according to the activist group.



ARTICLE

The mainstream, corporate media has overlooked a number of very important cases of police shooting unarmed civilians. Whether coincidence or not, it would seem that many of them have something very obvious in common: they are all African American women.
One of the most egregious offenses is that of Officer Joseph Weekley’s fatal shooting of 7-year-old Aiyana Stanley-Jones, but to date, this case, like the others we will discuss here, have received virtually no mainstream media attention.
Officer Weekley recently saw manslaughter charge dropped against him, for shooting the 7-year-old while she slept.
The Detroit police officer had been on trial for involuntary manslaughter for shooting and killing the young girl during a 2010 police raid.
But early in October, Wayne County Circuit Court Judge Cynthia Gray Hathaway granted a motion which Weekley’s attorney had filed, arguing for the dismissal of the felony charge he faced in the young girl’s death.
The trial was brought to an end while the Michigan Court of Appeals reviewed an emergency appeal of the ruling.
Presiding Judge Michael Talbot issued the order to deny the appeal and allow the judge’s dismal to stand.
“Although I find that the trial court erred in form and substance in granting defendant’s motion for directed verdict, we are barred from reviewing that decision,” Talbot wrote.
The shooting happened just after midnight, back on May 16, 2010.
A SWAT team had conducted a raid to search for a murder suspect. Weekly ended up being first through the door.
There was even a film crew on hand to film for a reality show about murder investigations. Weekley says that another SWAT member had thrown a flash-bang grenade, which temporarily blinded him. That’s when he fired the shot that killed Aiyana who was asleep on the couch in the front room of the house.
Doubling down on this claim, in court he actually testified that Aiyana’s grandmother had somehow “touched” his gun, which made him fire the shot. But he failed to explain how he could tell she had done this when he claimed he couldn’t see anything at the time.
The prosecution noted that even having his finger on the trigger of his submachine gun was improper. “He could have avoided injury if he had followed his training,” Assistant Wayne County Prosecutor Robert Moran explained.
“He didn’t, and as a result of him not following his training and not following the mandates of ordinary care, someone was killed.”
But ultimately, the arguments and reason didn’t win out.
Roland Lawrence, the chairman of the Justice for Aiyana Committee, issued a statement after the court’s decision was announced.
“Surely, the death of a baby by a well-trained police force must be deemed unacceptable in a civilized society,” Lawrence said.
Steve Fishman, Weekley’s attorney, claimed that even though he did not dispute that his client pulled the trigger and killed the girl, “there is absolutely no evidence, none, that’s in the least bit credible, that Officer Weekley knowingly created a danger or, more importantly, intended to cause injury.”
After the dismissal, the only charge Weekley faced, was a relatively minor misdemeanor charge of “careless discharge of a firearm causing death.”
In spite of the egregious nature of this incident, the media has paid relatively little attention to Officer Joseph Weekley’s fatal shooting of 7-year-old Aiyana Stanley-Jones.
Another incident, just as blood-boiling, is the death of a 37-year-old African American woman who died after police slammed her head on the concrete, just outside of her family’s home. While our report on Tanisha Anderson’s death was getting out to millions, the mainstream media ignored it when 12-year-old Tamir Rice was killed in Cleveland shortly thereafter.
Tanisha’s brother explained that Anderson was pronounced dead at Cleveland Clinic after the assault by the Ohio cops. The pronouncement came early Thursday about two hours after the police “take down” caused Anderson to bash her head on the concrete outside of her home.
“They killed my sister,” Joell Anderson, Tanisha’s 40-year-old brother said as he fought back tears. “I watched it.”
Officers came to the house after a call from a family member who thought the police could calm the bi-polar Tanisha down, during an argument.
Police came, responding to the situation as a “disturbing the peace” call. It seemed that everyone agreed Tanisha should undergo an evaluation at St. Vincent Charity Medical Center, police sources told us.
But what happened next is described very differently by police and family members.
“As the officers escorted Anderson to the police vehicle, she began actively resisting the officers,” police spokesman Sgt. Ali Pillow claimed to the local Cleveland publication, The Plain Dealer.
Tanisha changed her mind about the evaluation after police slapped cuffs on her. She believed she was within her rights to decide whether she went for a voluntary evaluation. But police, at this point, argued that it was up to them.
“The woman began to kick at officers,” Pillow said. “A short time later the woman stopped struggling and appeared to go limp. Officers found a faint pulse on the victim and immediately called EMS.”
But Tanisha’s brother Joell gives a very different account than what the police claim.
“She was more of a danger to herself than others,” he explained.
Two male officers escorted Tanisha Anderson, who was prescribed medication for bipolar disorder and schizophrenia, to the police cruiser. She sat herself in the backseat but became nervous about the confined space and tried to get out, Anderson said.
As Tanisha called out for her brother and mother, an officer used a “Judo” take down move after having pressed her head down repeatedly in the backseat in what seemed to be a “smothering” manner, Joell Anderson said.
Joell says that after she hit her head on the concrete, and the officer placed his knee on her back, she never opened her eyes or spoke another word.
To add insult to injury, Joell says that his sister’s sundress was lifted above her waist, where it remained as officers refused to administer any aid to the unconscious woman. Joell says that he was forced to go over and use his own jacket to cover her naked lower body, because police would not, even when he asked them to.
“She was outgoing, silly, always joking,” Joell said of his sister. “She just wasn’t doing very well that day.”
The Cleveland Police Department tells us that their Division of Police Use of Deadly Force Investigation Team is “investigating” the case. No officers involved have been fired, reprimanded, nor placed on leave.
Finally, we have continued to highlight the case of Sheneque Proctor, who some are calling the “Female Eric Garner.”
We were among the first and only news sites to report on the death of Sheneque Proctor. But we honestly expected mainstream coverage of the tragic death of this 18-year-old woman to follow, especially given how widely our report on her death circulated.
We are used to being among the first to cover cases of police brutality and injustices, only to see the mainstream, corporate media catch on weeks or sometimes months later. But this time something is different. Unlike our early coverage of John Crawford, or Tamir Rice, the story of Sheneque Proctor continues to be ignored by the mainstream media, in spite of the numerous similarities to high profile cases like that of Eric Garner.
A new petition has begun circulating in response to Proctor’s death at the hands of police officers. Many have begun referring to Proctor as the “female Eric Garner,” not to diminish her unique live, personality and death, but instead to highlight how the media is ignoring the death of an African American woman with asthma in police custody.
The petition demands a federal and state investigation into the death of the 18-year-old, who died in the Bessemer City Jail after she was arrested on November 1st. She was at a Bessemer hotel at a party with friends when police arrived and arrested her for “disorderly conduct,” according to her aunt, Tracy Rodda.
Bessemer City Attorney Shan Paden commented, “I know the case. I know we had a death in the jail. Erring on a conservative side, not to protect the city but to protect the rights of an 18-year-old, the city of Bessemer will not disclose any information.”
The petition was created on Change.org last Monday, but has received relatively little attention. The petition explains the following about Sheneque Proctor’s death and links it to unrest throughout the nation.
“The death of Black Men like Trayvon Martin, Michael Brown, Eric Garner, and Tamir Rice is a clear indication that Black Lives are in jeopardy from Police who have declared it open season on Black Men,” Karen Jones of Montgomery Alabama writes, in her description of the petition.
“Insult over injury, no indictment and a video which clearly shows officers using a choke hold on Eric Garner who loudly and clearly stated that he could NOT breathe was not enough to save his life,” according to the online petition.
Proctor’s family says that she suffered from asthma, and had complained of being treated violently by Bessemer Police officers who made the arrest.
After Proctor made complaints, she was found dead in her jail cell the next morning, but Bessemer authorities refused to comment on the case. All media inquires have been referred to the State Bureau of Investigations, which spokeswoman Robyn Bryan said “is looking into the case.”
“This family deserves some answers,” the petition declares. “We don’t need another ‘I can’t breathe’ story. Her life mattered and still matters to her family. They deserve answers from the State Bureau of Investigations and the FBI.”
The petition demands that State Senator Quinton Ross, State Representative Alvin Holmes and U.S. Representative Terri Sewell “request both State and Federal investigations in the death of this 18 year old Black female.”
Don’t let the police get away with these unjust killings of Aiyana Stanley-Jones, Tanisha Anderson and Sheneque Proctor! These are only three of many out there, but their cases highlight the systemic and systematic problems we are facing – not only with police abuse, but also with media bias and seemingly deliberate ignoring of cases which they don’t think will generate the ratings they are solely concerned with.
Help us SPREAD THE WORD about these important blacked-out cases by sending this article to someone you know who cares about justice and police accountability!



ARTICLE

A massive 58-point lawsuit has just been filed by a juror in Darren Wilson case against St. Louis prosecutor Bob McCulloch. The suit alleges that the prosecutor deliberately “botched” the case against Officer Darren Wilson and chose instead to put Mike Brown – the officer’s victim – on trial. 
The suit is an effort for the juror to speak freely and openly about what happened during the Darren Wilson grand jury deliberations. If you thought that the decision not to indict Officer Wilson was fair, this grand jury member says you should think again: there is a lot that you haven’t been told about what went on, and they want to be able to legally tell you about it.
The juror is suing St. Louis County Prosecutor Bob McCulloch for that legal right, adding that McCulloch mischaracterized the proceedings through and through and presented a “muddled” case, according to St. Louis Public Radio.
In a lawsuit (pdf) that was filed Monday morning, the unnamed juror, who was described as “Grand Juror Doe”, alleged that McCulloch’s statements made to the press after the announcement of the refusal to indict, were completely inaccurate and need to be addressed. But since the law currently prohibits the juror from speaking about what went on in the deliberation process and behind closed doors, that is not something they can do as of yet.
The lawsuit states that in the juror’s “view, the current information available about the grand jurors’ views is not entirely accurate — especially the implication that all grand jurors believed that there was no support for any charges. Moreover, the public characterization of the grand jurors’ view of witnesses and evidence does not accord with [Doe]’s own.”
The juror notes a double standard that McCulloch has been permitted to speak at length about the grand jury’s deliberations – even making false claims about the jurors, what they said, thought and decided – even though he was not present and these alleged statements he is making claims about were not recorded by a court reporter.
“Plaintiff’s impression that evidence was presented differently than in other cases, with the insinuation that Brown, not Wilson, was the wrongdoer,” the suit reads.
The American Civil Liberties Union of Missouri has officially filed the suit on the juror’s behalf, arguing that McCulloch’s presentation of the case means that normal rules prohibiting jurors to maintain secrecy should not apply here.
“From [Doe]’s perspective, although the release of a large number of records provides an appearance of transparency, with heavy redactions and the absence of context, those records do not fully portray the proceedings before the grand jury,” the lawsuit continues.
The ACLU says that they are requesting a judge to grant an injunction which will stop anyone from enforcing, or threatening to enforce, the relevant laws that would require jurors to remain silent about this particular grand jury deliberation. 



ARTICLE

There have been few voices supporting law enforcement torture of suspect as loud as that of Harvard Law Professor Alan Dershowitz. Known for popularizing the argumentative fallacy of the “ticking time bomb” scenario, Dershowitz argued that federal and local law enforcement should be given a blank check to torture suspects if they think it might “prevent another 9/11.”
It would be astonishing enough for a Harvard Law Professor to be named in a suit accusing him of participating in a child sex slave ring, but given his pro-torture background, Dershowitz’s naming in the case is even more significant.  
The lawsuit was filed by four women. The suit is against the federal government itself, which they claim violated the rights of victims of sexual assault when the State made a plea deal back in 2008 with Jeffrey Epstein who was alleged to have sexually abuse minors as part of a child sex slave ring.
Epstein only ended up doing about a year in prison for his crimes. But the ladies who have brought this suit against the federal government are saying that Epstein was not alone. In addition to many other notables, Dershowitz found himself accused of having routinely had sexual relations with Epstein’s “sex slave” while she was under the age of 18, before she escaped her slavery to Epstein. 
Dershowitz has denied the charges and threatened legal action for these victims of sexual abuse courageously coming forward. Dershowitz said these charges are “totally, unequivocally and completely false”. 
Jane Doe #3 in the suit claims she was held as a “sex slave” by Epstein between 1999 and 2002, from the ages of 15 until she escaped when she was 18. 
During that time she claims that she was “lent” – along with other girls – to an array of politicians, leaders and well-known personalities including Dershowitz. 
Britain’s Prince Andrew was also named in this suit. 
Dershowitz told Politico that he is “planning to file disbarment charges against the two lawyers who signed this petition without even checking the manifests of airplanes or travel itineraries, et cetera. I’m also challenging the young woman and the lawyers to level those charges against me outside of the courtroom, so that I can sue them for defamation…..Finally, I’m challenging the woman to file criminal charges against me because the filing of false criminal charges is a crime.”
Read the full court motion in the PDF below:




ARTICLE

Police Chief William McCollom’s wife, who was shot and critically injured in a pre-dawn New Year’s Day shooting has now been revealed to have divorced him 15 years ago.
McCollom has told investigators that it wasn’t him, but instead his Glock service pistol that “automatically” shot his wife Margaret… twice, according to local CBS 46.
It would seem impossible to believe that this was an accident: the hour when the shooting occurred, along with the fact that he fired not once but twice. But in spite of the preposterous nature of such a claim, this is exactly what Chief McCollom is maintaining. In spite of the fact that all evidence points to an intentional shooting, McCollom has not been arrested. 
Sherry Lang, a spokeswoman for the Georgia Bureau of Investigation, told local WXIA-TV said that while initial reports were that the chief’s wife had been shot twice, she was only hit with one of those two shots from her husband’s 9mm pistol. 
But Chief William McCollom was originally divorced and estranged from his wife, something which adds to speculation that this shooting was anything but accidental. The circumstances of the couple’s divorce are sketchy, but Chief McCollom went on to marry a woman in 2002 who was his police department’s chaplain in Delray Beach, Florida.
That woman left him after it was discovered that he had been having an extra-marital relationship. 
It was more recently that he reunited with his first wife, only to shoot her, just after the clock struck midnight on New Year’s Eve, in the couple’s own bedroom.
McCollom told a 911 dispatcher that “The gun was in the bed, I went to move it, and I put it to the side an’ it went off.”
But gun’s do not “just go off.” 
When a firearm discharges it is because someone has done something to cause it to discharge. The notion that a gun was just laying in the bed with the two and at 4 a.m. McCollom decided he should get up and move it is preposterous in the extreme.
McCollom admitted that he fired twice – not once – with his police-issued Glock 9mm pistol, even though his wife was only hit once. The idea that this weapon could “just go off” twice is laughable to anyone who has investigated the “Safe Action” weapon. 
Unlike traditional single and double action pistols, the internal engineering of Glocks make it literally impossible for the firing pin to strike the bullet unless the trigger is depressed. 
McCollom has been placed on paid administrative leave but has not been arrested. 
Fayette County District Attorney Scott Ballard said to the Atlanta Journal Constitution that “We’ll keep an open mind about this… The police department has been incredibly cooperative with them as they gave the facts they need. When we have those facts, we’ll see if it’s appropriate to bring charges.”



ARTICLE

Police Chief William McCollom shot his wife on New Year’s Day, just after 4 a.m. It would seem impossible to believe that this was an accident: the hour when the shooting occurred, along with the fact that he fired not once but twice. But in spite of the preposterous nature of such a claim, this is exactly what Chief McCollom is maintaining. 
McCollom says that his Glock service pistol shot his wife Margaret twice, according to local CBS 46.
In spite of the fact that all evidence points to an intentional shooting, McCollom has not been arrested. 
The small town police chief has, however, been placed on administrative leave, which is standard whenever an officer is involved in a shooting. 
Sherry Lang, a spokeswoman for the Georgia Bureau of Investigation, told local WXIA-TV said that while initial reports were that the chief’s wife had been shot twice, she was only hit with one of those two shots from her husband’s 9mm pistol. 
Lt. Mark Brown said that McCollom is “well-liked, well-loved” in Peacehtree City. He added that the chief has been “very, very cooperative” in the internal investigation.
“The department is hurting at this point,” Brown added. “We are very concerned for his wife, and concerned for the chief. Right now we are trying to make sure that everything is done correctly.”
Watch the local report below and pass it on: apparently cops can shoot twice at their spouses, at 4 a.m. in the morning and still not get arrested.



ARTICLE

The case of John Crawford III needs little introduction, especially to regular Counter Current News readers. Our citizen journalists were on the scene before even the local Dayton area media had made it out to the Beavercreek Walmart early in August of this year. From the start, we have had extensive coverage of the shooting by Officer Sean Williams, and the protests that have followed ever since.
The initial report called in to 911 by Ronald Ritchie maintained that John Crawford had taken what we later discovered was a BB-guy, and “loaded” it. While this was very far from the truth, Ronald Ritchie has still never been prosecuted for lying to the 911 operator and inducing panic. 
In spite of the fact that John Crawford had actually done nothing wrong or illegal whatsoever – never even turning with the toy gun pointing towards either officer – he was shot dead on the floor of the pet food aisle. 
But last Tuesday night, two Caucasian men were arrested after they took BB guns off the shelves of a Walmart, in Post Falls Idaho. But they didn’t just stop there. They also loaded the replica firearms, and shot up the store. 
Local KREM news says that “Police said they then loaded the gun and fired four separate times while inside the store.”
You read that right, after all of that, they were arrested. They were not shot by police even though they were very much breaking the law, shooting up a store with the air rifles, and endangering shoppers.
Unlike the Crawford case, Walmart security officers reported the two suspicious males in the store to police. No one had ever called the police in Beavercreek, aside from Ronald Ritchie. Store security saw no need to contact the police, since no law had been broken. 
The police report for the arrest of the two Caucasian men, however, reads that “it was further advised the males were taking BB guns out of the boxes. The next bit of information was really disturbing. The reporting party said the males started shooting the gun in the store and made comments that they were going to shoot the store up.”
The suspects were booked on charges of aggravated assault, discharging a firearm in city limits and malicious injury to property. There were no shots fired at them. 
Explain this. 



ARTICLE

A new petition is circulating in response to death of an African American citizen at the hands of police officers who many are calling the “female Eric Garner.” The petition demands a federal and state investigation into the death of 18-year-old Sheneque Proctor.
Proctor died in the Bessemer City Jail after she was arrested on November 1st. She was at a Bessemer hotel at a party with friends when police arrived and arrested her for “disorderly conduct,” according to her aunt, Tracy Rodda.
Bessemer City Attorney Shan Paden commented, “I know the case. I know we had a death in the jail. Erring on a conservative side, not to protect the city but to protect the rights of an 18-year-old, the city of Bessemer will not disclose any information.”
The petition was created on Change.org last Monday, but has received relatively little attention. The petition explains the following about Sheneque Proctor’s death and links it to unrest throughout the nation.
“The death of Black Men like Trayvon Martin, Michael Brown, Eric Garner, and Tamir Rice is a clear indication that Black Lives are in jeopardy from Police who have declared it open season on Black Men,” Karen Jones of Montgomery Alabama writes, in her description of the petition.
“Insult over injury, no indictment and a video which clearly shows officers using a choke hold on Eric Garner who loudly and clearly stated that he could NOT breathe was not enough to save his life,” according to the online petition.
Proctor’s family says that she suffered from asthma, and had complained of being treated violently by Bessemer Police officers who made the arrest.
After Proctor made complaints, she was found dead in her jail cell the next morning, but Bessemer authorities refused to comment on the case. All media inquires have been referred to the State Bureau of Investigations, which spokeswoman Robyn Bryan said “is looking into the case.”
“This family deserves some answers,” the petition declares. “We don’t need another ‘I can’t breathe’ story. Her life mattered and still matters to her family. They deserve answers from the State Bureau of Investigations and the FBI.”
The petition demands that State Senator Quinton Ross, State Representative Alvin Holmes and U.S. Representative Terri Sewell “request both State and Federal investigations in the death of this 18 year old Black female.”



ARTICLE

Countless women have been raped by male guards at the for-profit Karnes County Residential Center in Karnes City, Texas. 
The male guards have open access to women detainees’ cells. Any time, day or night, guards can enter women’s cells and abuse them. 
The Karnes County Residential Center is a jail, a prison that is called a “holding center” for undocumented immigrants. Because so few are able to get a glimpse inside of jails of this nature, the guards are more or less allowed to do whatever they want.
Prisoners there say that it is “an environment of rape and harassment,” which forces them to perform “sexual favors” in exchange for basic necessities which guards say are “favors”.
Geo Group Inc., the corporation that runs the jail facility for undocumented immigrants, denies the allegations, calling their prison “family friendly.”
“The Karnes County Residential Center provides a safe, clean, and family-friendly environment for mothers and children awaiting required processing by the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement agency,” the Geo Group’s vice president of corporate relations, Pablo Paez, attempted to justify. 
“The center provides high quality care, and our company strongly denies any allegations to the contrary,” he added, saying that the corporation “has a zero-tolerance policy for all forms of sexual abuse or assault and our facilities are maintained in accordance with applicable laws and policies.”
But they are doing nothing to stop any of these attacks, some occurring in front of children. That’s right, they have children locked up in their for profit prison as well.
“Accusations of alleged unlawful conduct are investigated thoroughly and if substantiated, appropriate action is taken,” the corporation said in an official statement on these abuse allegations.
Since the corporation has refused to deal with what prisoners claim are “for profit rape centers”, attorneys from multiple firms have launched complaints on behalf of the huge number of women who have reported identical stories of abuse. 
All of these stories say the same thing: that the guards at the Karnes County Residential Center call detainees their “girlfriends” rape them in their cells late at night. 
The Department of Homeland Security’s Office of Civil Rights can put an end to this, but so far they are doing nothing. 
Raise your voice with Human Rights First, the University of Texas Law School, and the Mexican American Legal Defense Fund to demand that the Department of Homeland Security Office of Civil Rights “Stop ignoring sexual assault and rape at Karnes County Residential Center. Investigate immediately and commit to oversight.”
Click here to sign the petition, then SPREAD THE WORD!



ARTICLE

The Beavercreek Police Department was out in force at today’s John Crawford “die in” protest. Officers were even photographed stomping on a banner with Eric Garner’s name on it. 
Eric Garner was choked to death by New York City Police even though he was non-violent and unarmed. 
Beavercreek Police showed solidarity with Garner’s killer, by joyfully stomping on his name, then violently pushing shoppers and protesters alike, even though the exit they were being forced against was clearly blocked by masses of people. 
We spoke with several people who witnessed this. The woman who took the pictures of him stomping on it says that she saw the officer approach the banner that said something supportive of Eric Garner.
She asked him, sarcastically “Oh, did you want me to take your picture with this?”
He responded by deliberately stomping on it repeatedly, to answer what he thought about the innocent, unarmed man who was killed for not paying a few pennies of tax on lose cigarettes. 
Police told member of the media that if they did not get down on their hands and knees and crawl through the blocking protesters, then they would be arrested. Officers then physically assaulted members of the media and even children, showing that they are truly a rogue police department which is screaming for federal prosecution. 
Since the family of John Crawford has filed suit against the city and Walmart, the Beavercreek Police Department almost seems to be under order to abuse children and the elders, as well as deliberately targeting non-violent leaders even when they are complying with police orders. 
Over the past two weeks’ protests and “die-ins” at Walmart and the Beavercreek Fairfield Commons Mall, police have increasingly escalated violence at every turn. This week, they mixed things up by overtly threatening people who were filming them, including well-identified members of the media who they threatened and arrested.
The Beavercreek police officers made several specific threats against members of the mainstream and local media, as well as several alternative media photographers. 
One of those arrested was the Greene County Herald‘s Virgil Vaduva, who was not there as part of the protest, but was instead taking photographs, and was easily identifiable by his press pass. 
The Beavercreek Police also arrested well-known former University of Dayton Law Professor and protester Vernellia R. Randall, said she was arrested by police because police were pushing her and she was not able to get out of the mall when they told her and others to leave. 
The site of Saturday’s protest, organized by Ohio Student Association, was directly across the street from the Walmart where John Crawford was shot and killed last August.
Watch some of the video footage we have obtaind thus far…

Members of the media were threatened with arrest from the start for doing nothing other than photographing and recording the police abusing citizens. 
Watch the video that captures just a little bit of this…

Other Beavercreek officers were seen violently pushing children as young as 8-years-old, and threatening to arrest a 14-year-old boy for taking pictures in the parking lot with his iPhone. Once they were informed that they were being video recorded by several others, they backed off of him and threatened to arrest those filming their advances towards that juvenile. Officers also attempted to handcuff a mother pushing a stroller who was simply going to her minivan in the parking lot. 
Beavercreek police had also removed their name tags from their uniforms, and obscured or removed any badge numbers or identifying markings. Chief Evers has thus far refused to comment on all of these issues, in spite of the fact that we have called him several times today. 
Stay tuned to Counter Current News for all the latest on the John Crawford protests in Beavercreek, and all protests for police accountability! Help us SPREAD THE WORD!



ARTICLE

In all of the melee resulting from the shooting of Michael Brown by Officer Darren Wilson, and the decision to not indict the officer who killed Eric Garner in New York City, the media has overlooked a number of other very important shootings of unarmed civilians by police officers. One of the most egregious offenses is that of Officer Joseph Weekley’s fatal shooting of 7-year-old Aiyana Stanley-Jones.
Officer Weekley recently saw manslaughter charge dropped against him, for shooting the 7-year-old while she slept.
The Detroit police officer had been on trial for involuntary manslaughter for shooting and killing the young girl during a 2010 police raid.
But early in October, Wayne County Circuit Court Judge Cynthia Gray Hathaway granted a motion which Weekley’s attorney had filed, arguing for the dismissal of the felony charge he faced in the young girl’s death.
The trial was brought to an end while the Michigan Court of Appeals reviewed an emergency appeal of the ruling.
Presiding Judge Michael Talbot issued the order to deny the appeal and allow the judge’s dismal to stand.
“Although I find that the trial court erred in form and substance in granting defendant’s motion for directed verdict, we are barred from reviewing that decision,” Talbot wrote.
The shooting happened just after midnight, back on May 16, 2010.
A SWAT team had conducted a raid to search for a murder suspect. Weekly ended up being first through the door.
There was even a film crew on hand to film for a reality show about murder investigations. Weekley says that another SWAT member had thrown a flash-bang grenade, which temporarily blinded him. That’s when he fired the shot that killed Aiyana who was asleep on the couch in the front room of the house.
Doubling down on this claim, in court he actually testified that Aiyana’s grandmother had somehow “touched” his gun, which made him fire the shot. But he failed to explain how he could tell she had done this when he claimed he couldn’t see anything at the time.
The prosecution noted that even having his finger on the trigger of his submachine gun was improper. “He could have avoided injury if he had followed his training,” Assistant Wayne County Prosecutor Robert Moran explained.
“He didn’t, and as a result of him not following his training and not following the mandates of ordinary care, someone was killed.”
But ultimately, the arguments and reason didn’t win out.
Roland Lawrence, the chairman of the Justice for Aiyana Committee, issued a statement after the court’s decision was announced.
“Surely, the death of a baby by a well-trained police force must be deemed unacceptable in a civilized society,” Lawrence said.
Steve Fishman, Weekley’s attorney, claimed that even though he did not dispute that his client pulled the trigger and killed the girl, “there is absolutely no evidence, none, that’s in the least bit credible, that Officer Weekley knowingly created a danger or, more importantly, intended to cause injury.”
After the dismissal, the only charge Weekley faced, was a relatively minor misdemeanor charge of “careless discharge of a firearm causing death.”
In spite of the egregious nature of this incident, the media has paid relatively little attention to Officer Joseph Weekley’s fatal shooting of 7-year-old Aiyana Stanley-Jones.
Another incident, just as blood-boiling is the death of a 37-year-old African American woman who died after police slammed her head on the concrete, just outside of her family’s home. While our report on Tanisha Anderson’s death was getting out to millions, the mainstream media ignored it when 12-year-old Tamir Rice was killed in Cleveland shortly thereafter.
Tanisha’s brother explained that Anderson was pronounced dead at Cleveland Clinic after the assault by the Ohio cops. The pronouncement came early Thursday about two hours after the police “take down” caused Anderson to bash her head on the concrete outside of her home.
“They killed my sister,” Joell Anderson, Tanisha’s 40-year-old brother said as he fought back tears. “I watched it.”
Officers came to the house after a call from a family member who thought the police could calm the bi-polar Tanisha down, during an argument.
Police came, responding to the situation as a “disturbing the peace” call. It seemed that everyone agreed Tanisha should undergo an evaluation at St. Vincent Charity Medical Center, police sources told us.
But what happened next is described very differently by police and family members.
“As the officers escorted Anderson to the police vehicle, she began actively resisting the officers,” police spokesman Sgt. Ali Pillow claimed to the local Cleveland publication, The Plain Dealer.
Tanisha changed her mind about the evaluation after police slapped cuffs on her. She believed she was within her rights to decide whether she went for a voluntary evaluation. But police, at this point, argued that it was up to them.
“The woman began to kick at officers,” Pillow said. “A short time later the woman stopped struggling and appeared to go limp. Officers found a faint pulse on the victim and immediately called EMS.”
But Tanisha’s brother Joell gives a very different account than what the police claim.
“She was more of a danger to herself than others,” he explained.
Two male officers escorted Tanisha Anderson, who was prescribed medication for bipolar disorder and schizophrenia, to the police cruiser. She sat herself in the backseat but became nervous about the confined space and tried to get out, Anderson said.
As Tanisha called out for her brother and mother, an officer used a “Judo” take down move after having pressed her head down repeatedly in the backseat in what seemed to be a “smothering” manner, Joell Anderson said.
Joell says that after she hit her head on the concrete, and the officer placed his knee on her back, she never opened her eyes or spoke another word.
To add insult to injury, Joell says that his sister’s sundress was lifted above her waist, where it remained as officers refused to administer any aid to the unconscious woman. Joell says that he was forced to go over and use his own jacket to cover her naked lower body, because police would not, even when he asked them to.
“She was outgoing, silly, always joking,” Joell said of his sister. “She just wasn’t doing very well that day.”
The Cleveland Police Department tells us that their Division of Police Use of Deadly Force Investigation Team is “investigating” the case. No officers involved have been fired, reprimanded, nor placed on leave.
Let’s not let the police get away with these unjust killings of Aiyana Stanley-Jones and Tanisha Anderson. Help us SPREAD THE WORD by sending this article to someone you know who cares about justice and police accountability!



ARTICLE

He was the first to sit down and lay his body on the proverbial gears of the machine last Saturday at the Beavercreek Walmart where John Crawford III was shot and killed… But of the four activists arrested Saturday, Benjamin Virnston is the only one without legal representation so far.
He’s out on bail right now, but he is going to need a lot of help to stay free!
Benjamin works with the Dayton chapter of Cop Block, a well-known international organization that is dedicated to holding police accountable when they break the law.
Ben writes the following:
I am a Cop Blocker in the Dayton, Ohio area. We demand police accountability and seek justice for victims of police misconduct.
I was arrested Saturday at a protest in memory of John Crawford III, the man who was fatally shot by police in a Beavercreek, Ohio Wal-Mart for holding a BB gun he took off the shelf.
My friend and I sat down and locked arms in front of a police car that was approaching the mass of protesters, blaring its sirens, and ordering us to disperse. They demanded we stand and leave immediately, and when we refused, they arrested us.
We were charged with criminal trespassing and obstructing official business. We’re facing up to 120 days of jail time and over $1000 in fines and legal fees.
Your kind donation will help me with the cost of defending myself in court and paying the fines if I lose. As a full-time college student who is only able to work part-time jobs, I simply do not have the money to defend myself in a lengthy trial.
I am proud of my act of civil disobedience, and I do not wish to betray it by pleading guilty to these injustices masquerading as law. Help me take a stand against the police state. It’s an investment in our future.
Please help support Benjamin’s legal defense fund. Give $1, $5, $20 or whatever you can at the link here. Then help “pay it forward” by passing this along to whoever you know might also want to help!



ARTICLE

A massive civil disobedience and die-in at the Beavercreek, Ohio Walmart Saturday turned into an increasingly escalated melee as protesters filtered out into the parking lot of the evacuated store. 
Police, under what can only be described as “orders” from Walmart corporate security and local managers, ordered protesters to leave the store or be arrested. While a relatively small number of African American protesters laid down on the floor for the “die-in”, there were hundreds who openly defied the evacuation order. 
Watch footage from the “die-in” below…

Once outside, the peaceful protesters were continuously provoked and agitated by the Beavercreek Police. 
The two first arrests were made as two Cop Block members defied the order to disperse by sitting down in front of police cruisers.

But after these two voluntarily sat down as an act of resistance to the evacuation order and the police enforcement of corporate America’s dictates, an African American young man named Elias Jones was grabbed and arrested, seemingly at random. 
While he was being dragged away, he begged police to tell them why he was being arrested. The entire time he was being dragged, we followed him and never heard him being “Mirandized” – informed of his rights. 
As he was being zip-tie cuffed, he exclaimed “I Am Being Arrested For Being Black and Loud.”
Do you agree with him? Were police singling him out for being a vocal, young, African American leader? 
Stay tuned! We will are starting a fundraiser for Elias and the Cop Block members Benjamin Virnston and Matt Raska who threw their bodies on the proverbial gears of the machine!



ARTICLE

There was a massive civil disobedience and die-in at the Beavercreek, Ohio Walmart today in solidarity with the John Crawford family lawsuit against the corporation and the Beavercreek Police Department. 

This report is one of a three-part series we are running today, that was reported on by two of our citizen journalists in the Greene County area.

Counter Current News was first on the scene when John Crawford III, 22, was shot and killed by the Beavercreek police, early in August of this year. We have continued our coverage, with citizen journalists involved in the protests at every step of the way.
Today, those journalists took part in the act of civil disobedience as police and Walmart corporate security were on site, demanding the “evacuation” of the store.
Watch things get started in the video below…

Watch more of the footage from the “die-in” below…


Once outside, things got a little more heated.

Watch the video below…

The first protester to be arrested was a member of the police accountability organization Cop Block.

Within minutes, police targeted an African American male named Elias, seemingly at random, even though he was not doing anything differently than the myriad of Caucasians and others.

More arrests soon followed. In all, four of the hundreds there were arrested. Police offered no explanation for why these four were targeted when their activity was essentially the same as everyone else’s in attendance. 
The names of those arrested are: Benjamin Virnston, Matt Raska, Sandy King, and Elias Kelley 

Read more about the Beavercreek Police ramming their police cruiser into one of the protesters – an elderly Caucasian woman – and then arresting her for it here and here. Yes, there are videos of the arrest, and more to come.
This story, and those to follow, are still in progress. So watch the videos as we upload them, and bookmark this page, so that you can check back later for updates (and there will be updates).



ARTICLE

The heartbreaking hit-and-run murder of 11-year-old Robbie Silva made headlines almost a decade ago. But now, a police officer is coming out and saying that the reason the case has still not been solve is “political.”
Silva was sledding when a driver of a white ford pickup truck drove into him back on December 1st of 2005. But a Blue Island, Chicago area police officer who was once in charge of that investigation has blown the whistle on his department.
Sgt. Ismael Haro says that he knows who killed the 11-year-old, but his superior officers are not allowing him to continue the investigation, nor make arrests, for what he calls “political reasons.”
“The nurse and a doctor and another nurse came down the hallway and I just saw the looks on their faces and I knew Robbie wasn’t alive,” Robbie’s mother, Bethanne Thomas explained.
Thomas says that it has been almost a decade and she is still waiting on police to do their job and find her son’s killer.
“I knew that this case was probably not investigated right. I kept saying it from day one, something’s not right. Something’s not right,” she added.
On Wednesday, however, Sgt. Haro filed a whistleblower lawsuit (PDF) against the police department he works for, as well as the acting chief Michael Cornell.
Attorney James Vanzant of Kurtz Law says that his client is seeking compensatory damages over $50,000. The suit also alleges that Haro has been retaliated against since he opened the investigation back in 2006.
“What Sgt. Haro found and what he reported is something that is protected under Illinois law, and that is something they cannot retaliate against him for,” Vanzant explained. “We hope this lawsuit shines a spotlight on what happened here so that it doesn’t happen in the future.”
Haro said that he identified a Blue Island man as the primary suspect almost immediately. But he has been road-blocked at every turn.
“Shortly after the incident he had been very remorseful with Robbie’s mom. Very apologetic. He actually helped erect the roadside memorial, not having any, or significant contact with the family to have prompted him to do so,” Haro said.
A spokesperson for the State’s Attorney Anita Alvarez says that they are reviewing the allegations, but they have no comment on the lawsuit at this time.
Watch the local video report below, and help SPREAD THE WORD!



ARTICLE

The following submission comes to us from Joseph Jenning’s mother. We believe it is important for victims and their families to have a voice. Please respectfully listen to what she has to say…
Joseph Jennings was 18 Years young and just starting to find himself when police shot and killed him last August.
Joseph also had been struggling with major depression on Aug 23 2014, as well as and related to a seizure disorder that dated back to 2006. That’s when he was diagnosed with Wolff Parkinson White Syndrome.
Joseph went what is called “code blue” during school and was immediately rushed to Children’s Mercy Hospital. Doctors performed open heart surgery on him to save him.
The doctors finally got his seizures disorder under control for a while, but then in 2011 he once again went “code blue” after getting him self a drink of water from the fridge.
His foster mother Brandy and Grandmother Charlene called 911 and had him airlifted to Children’s Mercy Hospital once again. But Joe never felt as if he could live a normal teenage life with his continued struggles with this disorder.
Even going to classes at school was challenging, after graduating he was not even able to obtain a drivers license unless he remained seizure-free for 6 months. But that never happened…
Joseph could not even go to a simple concert with out having a seizure. He tried so hard not to let this get him down. He even went on to college. But, as it turned out, on August 22, he had had enough with his disorder and other things that had been going on in his life. He eventually tried to swallow 60 pills in an attempt to take his life.
His aunt who was also like a second mother to Joe, along with her husband, called 911 the hopes that paramedics would get there in time to save his life. Two officers were first on the scene before the paramedics arrived. You would think they would be able to show empathy. Instead, they asked Joe, “Do you want to die or go to the hospital”
Joseph’s aunt talked to him and asked him to at least get checked out. He complied and was walked out by police and put in an ambulance. This established police contact with him. Officers in the area knew about the situation with him and the struggle he was dealing with, involving epilepsy.
On August 23, at 4:20 pm the hospital released Mr. Jennings against Brandy’s advice. She and her husband followed orders to watch him until 7pm… But it was around that time when things got bad.
Joe had called 911, stating that an armed man was in the parking lot.
The man he described fit his own description. He even informed dispatch his name was Joseph Jennings and this is where a stand off took place with police (10-14 Officers).
The police even called Joe by name, “Joseph show me your hand”. They knew him. He was never a threat to anyone other than himself, as he walked foot over foot pulling up his pants, when they demanded “let me see your hands Joe.”
His uncle Billy attempted to grab him softly to get his attention off police and police screamed: “Get the fuck back or we will shoot you.”
Bruton complied, and Joe went down by the road to get his aunt and uncle out of the line of gun fire after his Aunt pleaded with Joe to “please get down.”
One police officer yelled “bag em!”
Bean bag shots from the police shotguns rang out, hitting Joe in the shoulder and hip. The hip shot knocked Joe off balance and his arm came up and a shot was fired following 28 more shots.
No tasers were fired while Joe was still standing. A total of 29 bullets, hitting Joe 9 times, fired by 5 officers who seemed all too eager to shoot and kill Joseph.
As his family watched in horror, Joe was being taken from them. The District Attorney informed the family that their being there trying to once again save his life in fact only complicated things. How is an attempt to save someone you love complicating things? Why did the officers listen to family and let them intervene? Many questions still un-answered that we may never get answers too.
It was later confirmed Joseph was unarmed, holding only a cell phone and making no abrupt movements pantomiming anything that could be misconstrued as going for a concealed firearm.
The District Attorney informed family in a meeting before going public that the 5 officers actions was justified. Justified? How?
He said that it was because Joe had pointed a cell phone at police. But that never happened.
When family ask how that would be possible for Joe to quickly pull out his cell phone since the phone was in fact a very large AT&T curve, which is impossible to quickly withdraw from a pocket.
After this was pointed out, the police changed their story and informed the media that Joe pulled a pair of sun glasses instead!
The fact remains that he was unarmed, and if theses officers can’t tell a large cellphone from a gun, or a pair of sunglasses, then they are not suitable individuals to protect us.
Now to add insult to injury, people have been running over Joe’s memorial on purpose for weeks now, in order to bring negative attention to the one thing Joseph’s family needs to grief over their loss.
The memorial is a place family and go to honor Joe and talk about memories of him with candles light, and tears in there eyes. The family and friends have not done anything wrong, so why are they being punished?
In a meeting with Chief Butler on Sept 16, Mrs. Bruton was told that the police “had received some complaints” about the memorial. This was only days after the police had gunned her son down!
What can you do to help? Let your voice be heard on the 20th of December. That’s when the “We the People Have Had Enough” rally is going to be held!
The goal of the rally is to keep the memorial standing for as long as the family wants it up, and to tell the killer cops who shot a depressed young man with epilepsy that they need to back off and let this family grieve!
The secondary goals are to attract attention while bringing awareness to others in the community who have been the victims of police brutality and over-zealous killing. The organizers of the protest want to give other victims and their families the strength to stand up so that we all can make every life better.
Forward this article and use the hashtag #JosephJennings and #JusticeForJosephJennings on social media.
Please come out and help save Joe’s Memorial!



ARTICLE

A legal medical-marijuana dispensary in California has removed a depiction of a marijuana-smoking Santa Claus from their window. 
This comes after the dispensary receiving hundreds of complaints demanding that the depiction of Santa be scrubbed from the store. 
The window painting also included a picture of a snowman with a prescription bottle of marijuana.
Watch the local video report below…



ARTICLE

Are police above the law? Case after case where police refuse to charge fellow officers certainly makes it seem that way. 
Now, in Contra Costa County, California a Richmond police officer who was found with marijuana in his home earlier this year is not going to face charges. 
The police and Contra Costa County District Attorney both confirmed that it is unlikely that they will charge the officer, but they are not sure if he will continue on the police force. 
While the prohibition on the marijuana plant is clearly a key issue of State incursion on personal liberties and decision-making of citizens, Veteran K-9 officer Joe Avila is receiving special treatment that no ordinary individuals caught with the same quantities of the plant would be afforded. This brings up a broader issue of police over-prosecuting citizens and refusing to charge members of their own forces. 
The Contra Costa County District Attorney’s Office says that Avila picked up a box containing roughly 4 or 5 pounds of marijuana. The prohibited plant had been sent UPS store mailbox which was apparently obtained for the purpose of mailing the illegal herb. 
All of this happened on November 25, 2013. That’s when Officer Avila told a dispatcher that he would file an incident report on the confiscation… but that never happened. 
Instead, the search warrant, obtained by local Contra Costa Times, says that he took the 5 pounds of pot to his house and never reported it.
Internal affairs investigators placed Avila on administrative leave for his failure to file 37 reports, including this one. 
Never short on excuses, Avila told internal affairs investigators that he used full 2 pounds of the pot for the purposes of “training” his police dog to sniff out the illegal plant. 
Avila and his attorney have not returned our requests, nor any others for an interview or statement on this investigation and the refusal of the police department to prosecute the officer.



ARTICLE

The Saratoga County Sheriff’s Department says that Daniel Satre, 43, was “screaming” and “walking in front of cars” around 11 p.m. when two Ballston Spa police officers killed him.
Once again highlighting the disconnect between law enforcement and the community, officers seemed to think that these allegations of minor misdemeanor activity would justify police over-reaction and violence.
Satre’s family, as you might expect, tell a very different story from the police, who claim that Satre “fought wildly with six officers.”
Daniel’s family writes the following:
It’s still unclear why Daniel became upset, but he did become distressed and was seen by two police officers in the street outside his house. They called for backup and were joined by eight other officers. We understand officers have to think about their safety and those around them, but what happened next was an excessive use of force and resulted in Daniels death. Officers knew Daniel is unarmed, yet six of the officers grab for him and begin to beat him. Tasers were used on him several times. Four of the officers stood by and watched as everything unfolded. They did this until Daniel was unresponsive. Moments later he would be dead.
As you read this, the official autopsy has been kept under wraps and still not made available. Those responsible are still patrolling the streets. The time is now for New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman to call for an independent investigation that is transparent and brings justice for the family and community.
The unprovoked and Herculean struggle with what police describe as a veritable super villain prompting them to repeatedly electrocute him just outside of his own home is so over-the-top that it is difficult to just take the word of the officers involved in this killing at face value.
Two officers from the Saratoga County Sheriff’s Office along with the two responding state troopers say that they could not physically restrain one man without using a weapon… and without using that weapon over and over.
The image that police paint is so bizarre that if true it is clear Satre was either the strongest man in history, or these officers had no place in law enforcement if they could not – together – handle one man. This leaves the more likely scenario, that police are fabricating their version of the events of that night.
At a news conference Village Police Chief Charles Koenig claimed that Satre “was warned several times that officers were preparing to stun him.”
But Koenig added that the criminal and internal investigations being conducted will be carried out by the police, rather than by an external third party. He further added that no disciplinary action would be taken against the officers involved.
Satre’s daughter and girlfriend described Satre as a “beautiful person” who wouldn’t hurt anyone without provocation. The police allegation that Satre just went “wild” and started assaulting people for no reason is not supported by anyone who knew the man, nor by toxicology reports.
“The last time I saw him, he was cuddling with his cat and he said, ‘I love you,'”Amanda Conant, Satre’s daughter explained. “That was the last thing I heard from him. That’s the person he was, you know? That’s how I want to remember him.”
Goss’ father, George Goss III, explained that Satre had never had any run-ins with the police there before.
“He was a good guy,” Satre’s girlfriend Mila, said. “He would never hurt anybody.”
Now Daniel Satre’s family and friends have started a petition calling for “justice” which they say can only come through an external, third-party review of this police killing. In spite of this very reasonable request, police have resisted this proposal at every turn.
Please sign and share the petition today, to demand an independent investigation of Daniel’s death. The police have proven over and over that justice will not come from the police investigating themselves!



ARTICLE

The organization Jewish Voice for Peace is calling on Jews and allies of all backgrounds to “join together on the first night of Chanukah as part of a national day of action to end Police violence.”
Organizations like the Hashlamah Project and Cop Block Israel have joined in the fight, calling on their members to accept the Jewish Voice of Peace challenge that came out of the Seattle chapter of the anti-war organization.
The call to action reads as follows:
We will publicly participate in a Chanukah candle lighting to express our grief and outrage over the police killings of Michael Brown, Eric Garner and the other African Americans who are killed every twenty-eight hours by police or vigilante law enforcement. 
As Jews, we cannot accept living in a society where black lives are seen as disposable. We cannot accept a world in which an encounter with the police for a minor infraction kills a father of six, where an unarmed eighteen-year-old is killed and then left on the street for four and a half hours, or where a twelve-year-old is shot and killed while playing in the park.
Jews insist that Black Lives Matter.
Meet downtown in front of Pacific Place (600 Pine St) for public ritual, which will be Jewish led, but open to all for participation!
If you have a menorah and candles, bring them! Also feel free to bring signs that say:
“Jews say: Black Lives Matter”
“Another Jew For Racial Justice”
“Another Jew Against Police Brutality”
“Light a Candle for Michael Brown”
“Silence is Violence”
“End White Supremacy”
Read the “8 Nights, 8 Actions Toolkit” (PDF) here. If you are interested in joining forces, check out the local action list here.
Whatever your religion or culture, we commend the Jewish Voice For Peace, The Hashlamah Project Foundation and Cop Block Israel for being voices against police brutality demanding justice and accountability! 
Help spread the word because you won’t hear about this on the 11 o’clock news!



ARTICLE

She was just shopping for ingredients to make “smores” at a cookout, early last August… That’s when Beavercreek Police shot and killed Tasha Thomas’ boyfriend, John Crawford III. Now a video of that disturbing and cruel police interrogation has just been released (scroll down for video). 
The video goes well beyond the definition of “cruel and unusual” psychological abuse… and Tasha had not even given them reason to believe she had committed any crime at all!
Beavercreek Police Detective Rodney Curd brutally interrogated Tasha, accusing her and John of planning a massive heist of the Walmart Pharmacy to get thousands of dollars in drugs. 
You really have to see this to believe it. Watch the disturbing video of the heartless Beavercreek Police at work…

Detective Curd asked a serious of disgusting questions in his attempt to frame John Crawford and Tasha.
The fact that John was on the phone with the mother of his children LeeCee Johnson, and his own mother, who was watching his children while he went to a cook out in the Dayton area, spurred a cold-hearted question by Detective Curd:
“Did he ever mention, ‘Shoot that bitch,’” Curd asked in his frame-up attempt.
He also discussed several disturbing scenarios that neither Thomas nor Crawford had given any indication of through their actions. Curd had criminalized their completely legal behavior and repeatedly tormented Thomas for failing to implicate herself, or the boyfriend who trigger-happy Beavercreek Officer Sean William had just killed.
At the very conclusion of the interrogation, Curd blames John for his own death and in doing so informs Tasha for the first time – and in the most unimaginably heartless way – that her boyfriend is dead.



ARTICLE




ARTICLE

A Florida sheriff just requested that a criminal investigation open into whether one of his own deputies shot an African American suspect for racially-motivated reasons. 
The deputy is a Caucasian sergeant who shot and critically wounded an unarmed African American suspect early last week.
The Florida Department of Law Enforcement typically reviews any and all officer-involved shootings throughout the state. But Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings said that he wants this process to be as transparent as possible, and to show the community that he takes these allegations against his officer very seriously in light of the circumstances of the shooting, and events throughout the nation that “have strained police-community relations.”
Counter Current News was among the first to report on the shooting of Cedric Bartee, 28, who the deputy shot around midnight Sunday, one week ago, after Orange County deputies were informed about a stolen car in West Orlando. 
Bartee supposedly “ignored deputies’ commands for them to get out,” Demings said. And police claim that he made “extensive further movements.” According to the deputy, identified as Sgt. Robert McCarthy. McCarthy then fired three shots, striking Bartee once, he explained.
But witnesses told a very different story, claiming that Bartee had his hands in the air and was begging the officer not to shoot.
Bartee is in critical but stable at Orlando Regional Medical Center.
While Demings transparency is a mild breath of fresh air, he has made it clear that he supports the Caucasian seven-year veteran of the department.
Regurgitating the tired excuse that the officer was “fearing for his safety,” he noted the extensive criminal record of Bartee, as though this gives deputies the proverbial carte blanche to open fire on them at will: even when they have their hands up, begging to not be shot. 



ARTICLE

In Victoria, Texas a police officer was just recorded beating and tasering a 76-year-old man. The cop was then called a “Goddamned Nazi Stormtrooper” by a co-worker of the man who witnessed this assault. These sound like pretty harsh words until you find out that the officer was harassing the man for an expired inspection sticker, even though the vehicle had dealer tags which makes it completely exempt from such stickers. 
The 23-year-old cop was placed on administrative leave on Friday after beating and tasering Pete Vasquez. 
Vasquez was driving a work-owned dealer vehicle on Thursday when Officer Nathanial Robinson started harassing him. When Vasquez explained the exemption to the cop, Robinson became enraged.
The dashcam video shows it all. Robinson slams Vasquez onto the hood of the patrol car before forcing him to the ground, then shocking him twice while on the ground.
“He just acted like a pit bull, and that was it,” Vasquez said. “For a while, I thought he was going to pull his gun and shoot me.”
Chief J.J. Craig said that he took this matter very seriously and offered a personal apology to Vasquez, but he stopped short of disciplining the rogue officer.
“Public trust is extremely important to us,” Craig said, hoping that his apology will keep his department from getting sued. 
“Sometimes that means you have to take a real hard look at some of the actions that occur within the department,” he continued.
“You want to make sure you give the right kind of person a badge and a gun,” he finally added.
Larry Urich, a co-worker of Vasqueze at the car lot, told local Victoria Advocate reporters that the officer should be fired and prosecuted for assault.
“I told the officer, ‘What in the hell are you doing?’ This gentleman is 76 years old,” Urich explained. “The cop told me to stand back, but I didn’t shut up. I told him he was a goddamned Nazi Stormtrooper.”
Watch the video of the incident below and help us SPREAD THE WORD!




ARTICLE

In the city of Huntsville, Alabama a handyman named Robert Bryant was stalked by Madison County sheriff’s deputies, then pulled over in a bogus traffic stop, and brutally beaten – while handcuffed – on the side of a road back in October 2013.
Local sources tell us that this was all in retaliation for a “barroom scuffle” when Bryant beat off-duty deputy Justin Watson in a mutually-drunken fist-fight.
A man named Jason Klonowski began speaking out for Bryant, making a lot of noise about this abuse of power.
Klonowski helped pay Bryant’s legal bills, he paid for signs and t-shirts that decried the injustice and hired Bryant to do work on his farm, in order to help pay the bills.
At a public rally for support of Bryant, Klonowski said on September 28, 2013 that he “would not stop until at least two deputies, Watson and Jake Church, were in prison.”
But a month later, Klonowski was found dead, with three gunshots to the back of the head.
The Alabama Bureau of Investigation is investigating this unsolved murder of Jason Klonowski, and the FBI is looking into possible violations in the beating of Bryant.
The county paid $625,000 to settle the suit that Bryant raised, in part with the help of Klonowski before he died.
We are currently investigating this series of crimes and will update you as more information becomes available. Stay tuned!



ARTICLE

The father of a John Crawford III, an African American man fatally shot by police inside an Ohio Walmart said that Beavercreek police murdered his son. He spoke out yesterday as part of a massive anti-police brutality protest that took place in major cities across the country. 
John Crawford Jr. explained that his son was killed on the fifth of August at the Beavercreek Walmart because of racism and nothing else. He said that he was appalled the officers weren’t indicted. 
“The officer went in and virtually shot him on sight,” Crawford Jr. explained. “He did not have a chance.”
The senior Crawford explained for the first time publicly that he himself works in the criminal justice system and he has never before been “so ashamed” to be a part of that system. 
He also explained why he believes Walmart itself is a part of the problem and the system that took his son’s life. He called for a boycott of Walmart and for a reform of the entire criminal justice and legal system in the United States, as well as a federal review of prosecutors “who refuse to prosecute” police officers.
Watch the video of his speech below…




ARTICLE

At 10:30 am Saturday, protesters descended on the capital in what they say are “the hope of bringing about federal action to bar racial profiling and brutality by police,” according to Alternative Media Syndicate journalist Jackson Marciana.
“This march is one of many demonstrations to show Congress, the country and the world that we will not stand down until systemic change, accountability and justice in cases of police misconduct are served,” the NAACP President and CEO Cornell William Brooks said.
The “Justice for All” march rallied at Freedom Plaza, only a block from the White House, as thousands of people began to gather, swelling to crowds of over 10,000 by noon according to some estimates.

The crowd marched through the city demanding “justice for all,” in response to recent grand jury decisions out of Ferguson, Missouri, and Staten Island, New York. In both cases, grand juries declined to indict police officers responsible for the deaths of Michael Brown and Eric Garner.

Harvard Medical School students sent a message of solidarity, saying “they tried to bury us, they didn’t know we were seeds.”
The families of unarmed police shooting victims, including close relatives of Brown, Garner, Tamir Rice, Akai Gurley and John Crawford, were at the head of the march.

In a joint interview with CNN, the mothers of Rice, Garner, Brown and Trayvon Martin spoke out against police brutality and racial discrimination.
“If Eric Garner was a white man in Suffolk County doing the same thing that he was doing – even if he would have been caught selling cigarettes that day – they would have given him a summons and he wouldn’t have lost his life that day … I believe that 100 percent,” Garner’s mother, Gwen Carr, said to CNN’s Anderson Cooper.
While CNN and other news outlets seemed to get in on the story late in the game, their respective networks barely touched on the profound and historic impact of the rally. When the march kicked off, no mainstream media channels were broadcasting live, and so far most of only mentioned this as an afterthought, in spite of the monumental nature of the event.
Garner’s mother praised the diversity of those coming out to speak up.

“Look at the masses,” she exclaimed. “Black, white, all races, all religions … We need to stand like this at all times!”

“I am so proud that everybody is doing what they have just do,” Eric Garner’s mother, Gwen Carr, said. “Keep on doing it but just do it in peace.”
The mother of 12-year-old Tamir Rice, as well as John Crawford’s mother – both from Ohio and both shot while holding toy guns – have joined the march.
One man posted a video of the event and writes: “From far as the eye can see. #marchonwashington – This is what democracy looks like #blacklivesmatter”.
Check it out…



ARTICLE

Former state trooper Donald Crawford suddenly resigned from the Kentucky State Police back in August, after a list sex abuse allegations were raised against him. The allegations stemmed from a traffic stop which involved a minor. As a result, Crawford looked like he would be facing some pretty serious charges…
An investigation recommended charges of “official misconduct” as well as first degree “sex abuse” charges and more. 
Commonwealth Attorney GL Ovey softened the allegations, saying only that “this officer made a serious mistake, a serious lapse in judgment.”
But the Livingston County Attorney’s office will take over the case now. 
“As soon as we conclude,” Ovey said last week, “I will forward this entire case file with all investigative interviews to Mr. Riley’s office.”
Ovey did in fact pass on the information from the investigation he conducted, and yesterday it came out that he is officially recommending lesser charges. 
“These charges in my opinion misdemeanors are warranted and they should be pursued.”
Because the case is not yet closed and since it involves a juvenile, many of the details of the investigation are still sealed at the moment.
Watch the local report in the video below…



ARTICLE

The iconic image of the officer pointing his gun at protesters in Oakland quickly spread far and wide throughout the Internet, but there is an untold story behind the image…
Reuters photographer Noah Berger snapped the picture of the officer pulling his gun, but what the image doesn’t show is that the officer is aiming his weapon at Michael Short, a photographer for The Chronicle.

The officer has drawn his weapon and is threatening to use lethal force against an unarmed, non-violent photographer for taking his picture.
The undercover California Highway Patrol officer was trying his best to infiltrate a peaceful protest against police brutality in Oakland. 
Avery Browne, the chief of the California Highway Patrol Golden Gate Division, explained that they have been infiltrating the protests in the area in order to gather intel on potential acts of civil disobedience that might shut down area highways. 
“We will use all of the avenues we can to keep the public safe and gather that information so we can be responsive and be in the proper position,” he asserted.
But neither Avery, nor anyone else we spoke with at the California Highway Patrol would respond to our request for an explanation as to why the officer in question is not being charged for illegally threatening the use of lethal force against someone for photographing.
This is a crime, even if the California Highway Patrol is not treating it as one. Where are the federal investigators, and what good are they if they refuse to charge officers when they are caught on camera engaging in felonious behavior?



ARTICLE

A Baltimore, Maryland woman was tasered by police for video-recording police. The officers were engaged in a separate arrest, which the woman explains did not seem right. So she hit record on her cell phone.
Officers immediately sprung into attack mode, yelling “you a dumb bitch!” as one of the officers yanked her from her vehicle.
Now, 36-year-old Kianga Mwamba is suing the Baltimore City Police Department for damages.
Kianga was driving home on March 30th of this year when the melee ensued.
“You telling me I can’t record,” Kianga can be heard saying on the video as police tell her to leave the scene.
“I’ll park. I’ll park. I’ll park,” she explains, so the police cannot have any legal problem with her actions.
Suddenly an officer yells, “Out of the car. Out of the car.”
Then Kianga yells out in pain: “He burning me. He burning me!”
Police tried to erase the 135-second video from her phone, but the video was already on the cloud account, and she easily retrieved it later.
The Circuit Court for Baltimore City lawsuit says that Kiango is seeking $7 million in damages from the city.
The lawsuit also says that Mwamba was arrested on assault charges but those charges were later dropped. An officer can be heard saying on the video: “You a dumb bitch, you know that?”
“What did I do?” she responds.
“You just tried to run over an officer,” the officer alleges, even though it was clear that nothing of the sort had transpired.




ARTICLE

The autopsy for Tamir Rice, the 12-year-old boy who was shot by a Cleveland Police Officer last month, has just been released. 
The Cuyahoga County Medical Examiner’s Office said Friday, that Tamir’s death has been ruled a homicide. 
   READ | Full Tamir Rice autospy report by WKYC.com

Tamir was shot by First District Officer Timothy Loehmann, 26, on November 22nd, after the police were called on Tamir for holding a toy gun on a playground swing. The 911 caller said repeatedly that the gun was “probably fake” and that Tamir was a minor. 
We reported extensively on this case, in cooperation with the Greater Cleveland Cop Block chapter, which has been a prominent voice of outrage against the shooting. 
The report says that Tamir died of a “gunshot wound of the torso with injuries of major vessel, intestines and pelvis.”
The Medical examiners’ findings, while ruling the death a homicide, do not determine whether the homicide constitutes a crime or not. 
Loehmann left his former job in law enforcement after dismal firearms training performance and review. 



ARTICLE

When Montgomery County Sheriff’s Department revealed that five of their deputies were under investigation for sending racist messages, few imagined that it would be as bad as what the department released. 
Sheriff Phil Plummer revealed that Sheriff’s Captain Thomas J. Flanders and Detective Michael J. Sollenberger were both placed on indefinite administrative leave as of the first of this month. They are still, however, receiving full pay while on leave.
Captain Flanders was the head of the Montgomery County Jail, where many allegations of racism and discriminatory treatment of inmates has been common throughout the years. 
Sollenberger, for his part, has been involved in internal affairs, which would in fact be the unit which investigated such allegations… See how that works? 
Sollenberger is also a member of the Montgomery County SWAT team. 
Sheriff Plummer says that the remaining deputies will not be identified yet at this time, and none of them have been suspended. 
The messages, sent between November 2011 and January 2013 made direct derogatory references to African-American deputies and citizens. 
Watch the report from local 22 below…
“The N-word was used several times as well as other racial slurs and jokes,” Plummer explained. “Racism will not be tolerated in this office.”
Some of these text messages include statements like: “What do apples and black people have in common? They both hang from trees.”
“I hate N****rs. That is all,” the two suspended cops said to one another..
“Very simply put, they’re N****rs, son,” another deputy texted.
Watch the local video report from local 2 news below…

Sheriff Plummer said that the deputies “did not apologize.”



ARTICLE

Another Florida police officer has shot an unarmed African American. 
This time, the Florida officer shot and critically wounded a 28-year-old man early Monday during an investigation into a stolen car in Orlando.
Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings had little to say about the case besides this, but witnesses claim that the victim, Cedric Bartee, literally had his hands up, begging Sergeant Robert McCarthy not to shoot.
Bartee had his hands in the air, but in spite of this damning detail, during a press conference Monday, Demings said, “I ask everyone to not rush to judgment and allow the investigation to be completed.”
Demings said that “because of the backdrop of everything happening in the country at this time… It’s concerning to me” how people might react to this shooting of an unarmed African American with his hands literally up in the air when he was shot.
Demings came to the defense of Sergeant McCarthy, saying that he only shot Bartee because he failed to comply with police commands. 
Apparently, this has now become the criterion for when police can use lethal force, even though it has no legal basis.



ARTICLE

In the wake of the shooting of 12-year-old Tamir Rice, the Department of Justice recently released their findings on rampant, systemic corruption in the Cleveland Police Department. We asked Deo Odolecki from Greater Cleveland Cop Block – a police accountability activist group – to weigh in on the report and the Cleveland Police Patrolman’s Association president Jeffrey Follmer statement that he disagrees with the Justice Department’s characterization of the police department…
“It’s disappointing when people take a look back and criticize what we did,” Follmer said. “We don’t have the chance to look back. We’re doing things right then, right there, right now.”
Excuses, Excuses!
“The FOP has cooperated with this investigation for 18 months, and we’re going to cooperate moving forward,” Betley said.
That’s not what the Department of Justice said!
Follmer said he disagreed, saying the department’s Office of Professional Standards investigators were out to make officers look bad. And he said he could not recall sitting in a disciplinary hearing where a citizen had alleged excessive force against an officer.
“It’s very easy for a citizen to go out and make a complaint,” he said. “I don’t see these complaints coming across my desk.”
You know what? Why don’t you take your cover ups and lies and take a long walk off a short pier! It’s assholes like this that are the main problem here! Even after you’re told about these situations, you say you know nothing about, you still SIDE WITH THE OFFICERS!!!!!
I think everybody should give this Follmer knucklehead a call and tell him what you think about that!! I am not gonna find the number but I think at least every single person in the Greater Cleveland Cop Block area should take the time to find the number yourselves and call this guy and tell him you think its time he moved on and why! And he should take his crooked union with him!
Counter Current News was one of the first on the scene to report about the shooting of Tamir Rice, as well as many other reports on Cleveland Police corruption. Stay tuned for all the latest on the Department of Justice findings, and on the aftermath of the Tamir Rice killing, as well as protests and the Anonymous #OpTamirRice and #OpAnonVerdict responses to the Cleveland Polie Department’s corruption.



ARTICLE

Not only have the police who were involved in the shooting death of eighteen-year old, Joseph Jennings on August 23,2014, not indicted, now the city of Ottawa,KS officials have informed the family they want his memorial to be taken down from the corner of Princeton St Ct across from the site where Joe was shot and killed. Franklin County Attorney, Bob Bezek gave them the unexpected call on Thursday, saying the memorial is a “safety hazard”. 
However, the memorial has caused no threat to the “safety” of drivers and passerby’s. It has become quite the opposite- the target of vandalism and one hit  and run, both in the span of a week. Each time it was carefully put back together and continued to be maintained on a daily basis by Joe’s loved ones. 
Why does the city of Ottawa seem to be so threatened by this memorial, much like the ones we all see while driving or walking the streets of our own communities, on highways, medians, and corners of roads every where in this country? 
To take the life of an innocent young man, not be held accountable, then wish for the honor of his memory to be taken down in the name of “safety” is simply unacceptable. In the words of his “Aunt Bean” (Brandy Smith), “When things seem to get just a little better, they’ve come in and hurt us once again. I just don’t understand!” 
Much like stabbing a knife into a gaping wound, the city of Ottawa has shown itself to been indifferent to what happened on that horrible night. 
Let’s show Joseph’s loved ones that we will not turn our backs, with blinded eyes on a valuable human life taken needlessly.   
Please call the numbers below to demand the city of Ottawa leave this beautiful memorial in it’s rightful place.

District Attorney Ottawa, KS,, Steve Hunting (785) 229-8470
Franklin County Attorney, Bob Bezek (785)4183167
Chief of Police, Dennis Butler, (785) 242-2561                                                                                     
Don’t forget to LIKE and SHARE the memorial page for Joseph!



ARTICLE

Nearly everyone knows about the infamous video of a New York City police officer choking Eric Garner. But there is a second video, in the aftermath of the more well-known Eric Garner video. 
The second video shows the choking while one officer grabbed Garner around his neck, and threw him to the ground. It also, however, shows the seven minute long aftermath, where a disgusted bystander films the lifeless body of Eric Garner left on the sidewalk with police officers shuffling around him and seeming relatively undisturbed by the fact that they had just killed an unarmed man for not paying a few pennies of tax on cigarettes. 
Watch video below of NYPD officers and EMT standing around, and failing to give aid to Eric Garner, who was lifeless on the ground, but technically did not die until he was on the way to the hospital. 
Could Garner have been saved if they had administered proper aid? Perhaps. But that is speculative. What is not speculative is the attitude and demeanor of the officer who had just choked him until he was lifeless, thus leading to his death. Pay close attention at 6:55 in the video, when you can see the officer who choked Garner to death, NYPD Officer Daniel Pantaleo, actually wave jokingly at the camera, with no apparent concern for the fact that he had just killed a man.

The video was originally posted on Facebook over the summer but has received renewed attention after a grand jury decided not to indict an officer involved in the altercation. As Harry Siegel at the New York Daily News points out, this video is almost more disturbing — or disturbing in a way that says something slightly different about Garner and the officers in question. About Garner: If he appears in the first video as the subject of police aggression, here he barely seems to warrant their attention at all. About the officers: They betray no sense of urgency or concern as they wait for first responders. It’s as if the event were almost banal.
The moment is much shorter than the four-and-a-half hours Michael Brown’s body lay in the street after his death. But it says something similar, that the way we treat a body reflects how we value the life.
Help SPREAD THE WORD and get this “waving” excerpt on the radar of the Johnny-come-lately mainstream, corporate media. 



ARTICLE

Dave Chappelle recently gave a gesture of solidarity with Ferguson and now nationwide protests against police brutality when he was named as the GQ Man of the Year. 

The Yellow Springs resident spoke out at a time when police accountability activists in his hometown and neighboring Beavercreek, Ohio have been flooding the streets, recording the cops demanding police accountability. 
The small town of Yellow Springs was also the site of a massive, seven-department-wide SWAT shootout where a man barricaded in his own house, with no hostages was shot by a sniper after police ran through the tiny suburb, breaking into residences where they thought he was hiding, and shooting up homes… All of this happened while the suspect was at home, and police were shooting at shadows and bringing in helicopters to search the town for a man who was never on the run. 
Even in small town Ohio, there are examples of police abuse and militarization that highlight the growing problems citizens are facing with the police nationwide. 
But long before this shootout, and before the neighboring John Crawford shooting in Beavercreek, the world famous comedian had a history of calling out the police for abuse and racism.
Watch the video below where Dave talks about what he says is the difference between “white” and “black” encounters with law enforcement. 




ARTICLE

Have you ever been to a protest and wondered who the new, overly-zealous guy is? In activist circles, it’s pretty common for people to travel to neighboring cities, or even states for important rallies. But the circles are small, and someone usually knowns a person or two in common, even with people they just met. Sometimes, your gut is steering you right, and it’s not your imagination, nor being overly-suspicious: the new guy might just be an undercover cop.
Now on the surface, the joke seems to be on the undercover officers. There is nothing illegal about protesting police brutality, or anything else really. So why would they waste their time going undercover as protesters?
Jacob Crawford from We Cop Watch contacted us with some footage of two undercover officers that were just busted trying to infiltrate protests in Oakland, California (scroll down for video).
Are “Roy” and “Devon” just two average guys marching with the people? Jacob says no. And he’s got proof to back it up.
Roy and Devon really Officers Jaeger and Buford of the Oakland Police Department.
In the video below, Officer Jaeger, or “Roy”, claims that the murder of Mike Brown was an “injustice”. But by using fake names, it was clear that these two officers were not simply off-duty cops standing in solidarity with protesters, showing their support for police accountability.
At Beavercreek, Ohio protests for John Crawford, off duty and retired officers have made themselves known. They have spoken out in support of Crawford and those protesting the injustice of the shooting at the Beavercreek Walmart. They never tried to hide their identities or employment, and they were welcomed by activists.

Jacob tells us that in Oakland, however, the mere presence of these lying plain clothed officers was taken by many in attendance as either an act of deliberate intimidation or a prelude to some sort of COINTELPRO-type entrapment or incitement to illegal activity.
Jacob tells us that maybe “next time police want to express some solidarity, they should go put their bodies on the line and deal with some of these crookkked cops.”
The big question that we’re left with is why the police would spend taxpayer dollars on investigating perfectly legal, Constitutionally-protected activity? 



ARTICLE

Thursday night, a protest and march in downtown Phoenix spoke out against the shooting death of an unarmed African American man who died at the hands of Phoenix police.
This marks the 19th time in 2014 that the Pheonix police have shot and killed a suspect, many of them unarmed. 
Protestors marched to the Phoenix police headquarters demanding answers. Organizers tell us that they want the police to give up the name and background of the officer who pulled the trigger on Rumain Brisbon, 34, who was killed Tuesday night. 
Cops say that the “suspect” was believed to have been involved in drug dealing. A police media spokesperson told us that the officers were involved in a burglary investigation and was told “someone” in an SUV was “selling drugs” at a local 7-Eleven store. 
The officer says he was told the “suspect’s” license plate number. He looked it up and decided to drive to the house on the registration. When he arrived there, he requested additional units even though he had observe no criminal activity whatsoever. 
But as he saw Brisbon reaching into his parked SUV’s backseat he drew his gun. Brisbon ran for the door. 
Witnesses say that a struggle ensued, and the officer claims he “felt” the “handle of a gun” while he was “holding the suspect’s hand”. 
But there was no gun. 
After searching his apartment and the vehicle, all they found was a pill vial containing a number of oxycodone tablets in Brisbon’s pocket. 
There was a pistol in the car, but Brisbon never went for it. He didn’t have it on him and left it in the car and moved away from the vehicle when the officer approached. This is Arizona. Handguns are as common as the Summer is hot. 
All we learned about the office is that he is a seven-year veteran of the police force. Police tell us that he was not injured. They further emphasized that Brisbon had “been arrested before.” 
We looked these arrests up and all of them were associated with intoxication or driving with a suspended license. None of them were violent crimes. That’s something the police had failed to mention when we spoke with them. I wonder why that is.



ARTICLE

In the aftermath of the refusals from grand juries to indict officers caught on camera killing unarmed citizens, the general public – particularly within so-called “minority” communities – has almost come to expect such brutal cops to walk, without facing justice. 
But while police officials have been characteristically taking their time to react to video leaks of officer misconduct and brutality, a viral video out of Knoxville, Tennessee actually got some results – almost instantly. 
The extreme and well-documented video had many parallels to the Eric Garner choking incident in New York City. But the key differences here are found in the fact that the officer was fired immediately. In addition to this, the student he was caught on video choking never died… Oh, and did we mention that when Frank Phillips, a Knox County Sheriff’s officer, was fired, the victim in that case was Caucasian?
Did this play a factor in the swift response by police officials? 
Officer Phillips can be seen in the video that got him fired choking college student Jarod Dotson during an arrest for public intoxication WBIR reported that police responded to a “disturbance” call near the University of Tennessee, when an 800 person house party spilled over into the streets. 
The police report said that Dotson ignored repeated instructions to return inside, according to the Knoxville News Sentinel. Deputy Brandon Gilliam noted in the official report that Dotson “began to physically resist officers’ instructions to place his hands behind his back, and at one point grabbed on to an officer’s leg.”
It is worth noting that the freelance photographer who documented the choking incident said in an interview with The Washington Post that Dotson did not seem to be resisting arrest whatsoever. 
In a press release after the incident, Sheriff Jimmy “J.J.” Jones said that “in my 34 years of law enforcement experience, excessive force has never been tolerated. After an investigation by the Office of Professional Standards, I believe excessive force was used in this incident. The investigation will now be turned over to the Knox County Attorney General’s Office to determine any further action.”
Eventually 47-year-old Officer Phillips chose to take “deferred retirement” instead of appealing his firing, but the result was the same. Phillips was no longer permitted to be a police officer after he was caught on camera choking Dotson, even while not facing charges.
Compare and contrast this with the refusal to indict New York City Police Officer Daniel Pantaleo in relation to the death of Eric Garner. Do you think that race played a factor?



ARTICLE

Is anything that corrupt cops get away with surprising any more? 
Another story out of Florida comes to us, telling of an off-duty police officer abusing his power by arresting a citizen who he claimed “stole” his parking spot. 
Now to be sure, stealing parking spots is not cool.  But Clausel Pierre says that he pulled into a parking space at a Deerfield Beach shoe store back in January 2011 and never saw a BSO off-duty officer waiting to pull in. 
An altercation with that off-duty officer quickly ensued after Pierre says he refused to give up the spot when confronted. 
Last month all of this turned into a lawsuit, as Pierre filed a wrongful arrest suit, claiming that the officer caused him physical pain and caused him a litany of legal headaches just to clear his name from the arrest.
The arrest came after Detective Frank Maio allegedly tried to park his vehicle in a spot commonly reserved for the 888 Shoe. He did off-duty security work there. But when Pierre pulled his SUV into what Detective Maio claimed was “his spot”, things quickly turned ugly. 
Detective Maio “ordered” him to move, “in the name of the law,” so to speak, but Pierre told him to take a hike. He said there was no reason to move and that it was not designated as a reserved parking space. That’s when Maio placed Pierre under arrest, according to his attorney, Christopher Brown, as reported by The Broward-Palm Beach New Times.
“There was no underlying charge for the arrest,” Brown said. “The spot was open to the public. It’s a typical thing: Two people see a spot; two people go for it. But in this case, one of those people was a police officer with the power to arrest.”
Eventually the charges were thrown out, but that didn’t change the fat that Pierre went to great expense to clear his name. 
“The judge threw them out after it was revealed that the officer had too many conflicting statements of the account,” Brown explained. 
Even though the charges were dropped, the Police Department and the detective never even so much as apologized for the illegal arrest. Now, Pierre is suing for damages. 
   Man Says Off-Duty BSO Cop Arrested Him for Taking a Parking Space by raydowns.newtimes

Pierre says that he is owed money for all of the the time, as well as pain, and financial burden the arrest and resulting efforts to clear his name cost him. Do you agree?



ARTICLE

The New York City police officer who choked Eric Garner to death last summer says that he’s sorry for killing the unarmed African American man. Officer Daniel Pantaleo, 29, was suspended in July of this year, but he found out yesterday that he will not be indicted for the death of the citizen he illegally put in a choke hold and killed. 
Garner, an asthmatic, said that he could not breathe, over and over, and finally with his dying gasp for air. Officer Pantaleo was apparently unmoved at the time. 
Now, however, he says he is “very sorry” because, “I became a police officer to help people and to protect those who can’t protect themselves,” Pantaleo penned in an official statement about the killing and decision not to indict him.
“It is never my intention to harm anyone and I feel very bad about the death of Mr. Garner. My family and I include him and his family in our prayers and I hope that they will accept my personal condolences for their loss.”
Garner’s family just announced that the do not accept his apology and will be suing the New York Police Department in a wrongful death lawsuit for $75 million.



ARTICLE

A grand jury has reportedly just cleared New York City police officer Daniel Pantaleo in the chokehold death of Eric Garner.
Garner, an African-American father of six, died after police wrestled him to the ground and put him in a chokehold.
The incident was recorded by a bystander:

Many are comparing both the death and the verdict in the Eric Garner case to that of Rodney Glen King III (1965 – 2012), an African American construction worker who became a household name after Los Angeles Police Department officers were caught on an early camcorder beating the man repeatedly, even well after he had been subdued.
George Holliday, an eyewitness videotaped the beating from his balcony. He sent the footage to local news station KTLA, back when this sort of thing still seemed to cause popular outrage.
The video he sent KTLA records five officers surrounding King and beating him. But four officers were charged with assault with a deadly weapon and use of excessive force and three were acquitted of all of those charges. Only one faced “use of excessive force,” but the jury was “unable” to reach a verdict.
As a result, the federal government obtained a grand jury idictment for the officers. This ended on April 16th, 1993, with two officers indicted for violating King’s civil rights, and two acquitted again. All who were around back then remember what happened next.
But could something like this happen again? Could the Eric Garner case be the fuse to ignite the powder keg of anger against the police? In New York City, tensions have been increasing over the past few years between citizens and the police, due to many hallmark cases of police brutality and corruption, as well as the city’s controversial “stop and frisk” program.
Vincent Warren of the Center for Constitutional Rights criticized the decision, asking: “How can anyone in the community have faith in the system now? First Ferguson, now Staten Island.”
“The Grand Jury’s failure to indict,” Warren continued “sends the clear message that Black lives don’t matter. But they do.”
“It’s bad enough that broken windows policing over something as harmless as selling untaxed cigarettes led to this tragic killing,” he added, but noted that “it’s even worse when the officer responsible –- who was caught on tape using a prohibited choke hold, no less –- is not held accountable.”
This is not the first time, nor will it – sadly – be the last that police officers are caught on video abusing and even killing unarmed citizens. Today, like in the 90s, police who were caught on tape abusing and assaulting citizens are being let off the hook. What we saw in the aftermath of Ferguson in many ways pales in comparison to the L.A. protests and riots. The question now remaining is whether or not the circumstances surrounding Eric Garner’s death, and the acquittal of the officer who killed him, will catalyze events like what we saw after the Rodney King verdict.
While many brace for riots in New York City, others say that the community’s spirit has been broken and that the outrage generated by King’s beating was the last of its kind, as it showed the African American community, and indeed poor people throughout the nation, that the police can do whatever they want to you, get caught on tape and still not have to face any consequences.
There are a lot of similarities between the case then and today, but is anything shocking to the American public anymore? Can anything really bring us to the same level of outrage we saw after the Rodney King verdicts? Have we grown apathetic, and exhausted from the constant and increasingly brazen acts of police brutality caught on video? Or is the verdict to allow this killer NYPD cop Daniel Pantaleo to walk free the proverbial straw that breaks the camel’s back?
No one wants a riot. But perhaps some widespread outrage, spilling over from the Internet onto the streets, would be nice.



ARTICLE

A Texas judge has just dismissed all Driving While Intoxicated (DWI) charges for a fellow judge: 13th Court of Appeals Justice Nora Longoria.
This special treatment was given to Longoria even after she was busted by McAllen police back in July for driving while intoxicated.
The justice told the arresting officer, “You are going to ruin my life,” but the officer didn’t seem deterred. 
Judge Rolando Cantu with Hidalgo County Court at Law #8, however, was moved to dismiss the case which had been pending until November 20th.
He signed an order dismissing the case, saying there was “not enough evidence” against the justice, since there was no dashcam video of the traffic stop.
Longoria refused a breathalyzer, but right from the start, police did not take a blood sample from her, the way that they are doing at forced “no refusal” checkpoints all over the nation.
Longoria did not return our calls or emails for a comment on this case or the special treatment she seems to have received.
What do you think? Would anyone else have been treated this way?



ARTICLE

It all happened in the very same Texas county where we recently reported on an officer threatening a driver for recording them. 
Read all about it here (link) or watch the video below…

Now, Texas Border Sheriff’s Deputy Amy Reyes is now being slapped with federal drug smuggling charges. This comes on the heels of her arrest at a U.S. Border Patrol checkpoint north of Laredo, Texas. That’s where agents found her vehicle packed with illegal drugs she had been smuggling, under the shield of her badge. 
Court records say that Deputy Amy Reyes had been employed by the Starr County Sheriff’s Office. That career was recently brought to an end when she and her brother Bobby Reyes were busted at the U.S. Border Patrol Checkpoint in Hebbronville. 
A drug-sniffing dog tipped officers to illegal drugs under Reyes’ car, as well as two secret compartments that were stuffed with more than 75 pounds of marijuana bundles. 
Now you may be thinking “so what, who cares, it’s just marijuana.” We’re with you on that. The plant should not be demonized, nor prohibited by the State. There is no question about that. 
But the reality is that the prohibition of this plant bolsters black markets which corrupt law enforcement participate in and financially thrive off of. Meanwhile, they arrest anyone – predominantly those black and brown – who are caught selling the plant, because they are not in on their racket. 
U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration got Reyes to confess that she was going to be paid $1,000 just for driving from Rio Grande City to Houston. This was only one of many times she had made the drive, as well as others similar to this arrangement. 
Back in 2005, Cameron County Sheriff Conrado Cantu was arrested after it was revealed that he was on the payroll of the heads of the Gulf Cartel in exchange and aided them in the protection of their smuggling operations. 
This is why marijuana is illegal. It is not because the plant is dangerous, or a “gate way drug.” It is illegal because corrupt members of the United States government and law enforcement are making money hand over fist from the illegal black market trade of the plant… Meanwhile, if anyone else tries to get in on the trade, they might find themselves locked in a cage for years or even decades. 



ARTICLE

Deo Odolecki of Greater Cleveland Cop Block reported for us at tonight’s City Council meeting regarding the shooting death of 12-year-old Tamir E. Rice (scroll down for video).
Rice died on Sunday at MetroHealth Medical Center in Cleveland. The Cuyahoga County medical examiner’s office confirmed Tamir’s death after Counter Current News had been tipped off by two different sources within the First District Police Department moments after the young shooting victim of police brutality passed away.
Shortly after the shooting, we spoke with police representatives at the First District Cleveland Police Department but they were unwilling to say much other than the basics.
They acknowledge that a 12-year-old was shot in the stomach by a First District officer. 
After the release of our story quickly swept social media, the Cleveland Police scrambled to throw together an “Official Statement” where they blamed the youth for almost essentially trying to commit “suicide by cop.” Read more about it here (link).
In the wake of this shooting, and the police attempt at smoothing everything over with the community, Deo showed up to break down to the Cleveland Mayor and the Chief of Police why their excuse-making misses the point. 
Odolecki said that if he got through to even one person tonight, it was all worth it. He urges all citizens to “film the police, because it’s your right! Film them because badges don’t grant extra rights!”

Listen to the updated, clear audio here!

Also, check out the video below of the councilmen who can’t seem to put their phones down during the meeting!




ARTICLE

As protesters all over the United States have gathered to voice their outrage over the Michael Brown verdict, activists in Beavercreek, Ohio gathered at the local Police Department to hold a candlelight vigil.
John Crawford was shot and killed in the Beavercreek Walmart early in August of this year when Officer Sean Williams gunned him down without hesitation in the remote pet food aisle of the store. Crawford had been talking on his cellphone with the mother of his child when Officer Williams opened fire on him within two seconds of making visual contact. Crawford had been carrying a toy air rifle from the shelves of the Walmart in question.

Ohio is an “Open Carry” legal state. To make this point, activists have held several open carry protests at the site of the shooting, even marching to the aisle were Crawford was gunned down.
At 4:00 pm this afternoon, stretching into the increasingly chilly Midwestern November evening, protesters gathered with candles, and songs to commemorate the untimely killing of Michael Brown in Ferguson, Missouri, and also to connect the injustice of grand juries in both cities refusing to indict each respective police officer.

Protesters explained that “From Beavercreek to Ferguson, the fight against police brutality is ONE!”
While many criticize Michael Brown for his response to what seems to clearly be an aggressive point of contact and confrontation with Officer Darren Wilson, the John Crawford case shows that citizens can be gunned down by police officers without fighting back, or doing anything illegal at all, and the officer will still walk.

Protesters at today’s vigil sought to make that connection clear to local mainstream media news outlets, as well as alternative news sources like Counter Current News and the Green County Herald, and Alternative Media Syndicate.
The later, alternative news sources also spoke at length with the retiring Beavercreek Police Chief Evers, following an incident with a particularly disruptive officer on the Beavercreek force. More on that in an upcoming report…




ARTICLE

Without question, the problems that led to the death of Michael Brown in Ferguson, Missouri are systematic ones. Never has that been as clear as it is today, in the aftermath of the grand jury decision not to indict Officer Darren Wilson, the Ferguson police officer who shot and killed the unarmed teenager.
The grand jury had announced that if (and when) they reached a decision not to indict Officer Wilson, they would not release the evidence that led them to make this determination. But some of the details of Wilson’s testimony to the grand jury have made their way to the public.
For starters, Wilson told the grand jury that Mike Brown looked “like a demon” when he shot him.
He added that the unarmed teenager “had the most intense aggressive face. The only way I can describe it, it looks like a demon, that’s how angry he looked.”
Noting his powerlessness without a gun in his hand, Officer Wilson said “I felt like a five-year-old holding Hulk Hogan. That’s just how big he felt and how small I felt just from grasping his arm.”
He claimed that Browns punches were so hard that he felt like they might kill him. But photos from the post-homicide hospital checkup reveal no visible injuries whatsoever. The punches were so hard that they might kill, and yet they didn’t leave a single mark on the slight-of-frame Officer Wilson? It is a strange assertion, to say the least.
In spite of this dubious claim, the grand jury found Wilson justified in his shooting at Brown 12 times – twice from the car, then ten more times in the street from 125 yards away, according to St Louis Prosecuting Attorney Bob McCulloch. A full 125 yards away. What threat could Brown have possibly been at 125 yards? Moreover, if this distance that McCulloch noted in his announcement on Monday night, is accurate, that would indicated a wild, almost random spraying of shots at this incredibly distant target. 
Seven of those bullets hit Brown.
Wilson’s statement following the shooting asserted that he “followed his training and followed the law.” On behalf of his client, Officer Wilson’s lawyer released the following statement, purporting to be Wilson’s own words, albeit spoken in the third person:

“Today, a St. Louis County grand jury released its decision that no charges would be filed in the case involving Officer Darren Wilson. 
From the onset, we have maintained and the grand jury agreed that Officer Wilson’s actions on August 9 were in accordance with the laws and regulations that govern the procedures of an officer.
In a case of this magnitude, a team of prosecutors rightfully presented evidence to this St. Louis County grand jury.
This group of citizens, drawn at random from the community, listened to witnesses and heard all the evidence in the case.
Based on the evidence and witness testimony, the grand jury collectively determined there was no basis for criminal charges against Officer Wilson.
Law enforcement personnel must frequently make split-second and difficult decisions. Officer Wilson followed his training and followed the law.
We recognize that many people will want to second-guess the grand jury’s decision. We would encourage anyone who wants to express an opinion do so in a respectful and peaceful manner.
On a side note, Officer Wilson would like to thank those who have stood by his side throughout the process. This continued support is greatly appreciated by Officer Wilson and his family.
Moving forward, any commentary on this matter will be done in the appropriate venue and not through the media.”

We see from Wilson’s statement a direct admission that it was in his police training to shoot seven shots into an unarmed man who he claims charged him like a football player. The “police training” for responding to a football player charging you is to shoot them seven times.
A police officer finding themselves injured, or falling down is apparently more than any officer has been trained to bear. If any injury – even if they are not life threatening in nature – might occur, the officer’s “training” is to nearly unload his firearm’s high capacity magazine into an unarmed suspect, even from 125 yards away.
This might in fact be the most honest statement from Officer Wilson about this entire incident. If police are indeed “trained” to shoot unarmed suspects from 125 yards away, then there is a systematic problem, not simply with police brutality, but police training to exert brutal responses to any physical challenge to their authority, even if non-lethal options exist…
On Monday morning it was revealed that Officer Wilson just got married. His life has gone on, without any injury resulting from the conflict that he says left him with no choice but to use lethal force. Wilson and his fellow officer, Barbara Spradling, 37, married on October 24 in front of his lawyer, Greg Kloeppel, and Judge Christopher B Graville. Officer Spradling apparently agrees with the statement that police officers are trained to unload their firearms on unarmed suspects who are stronger than them. Certainly if there was no basis to this claim, the grand jury would not have allowed Wilson to walk. That they did, and that his claim rests on this assertion tells us that there is a widespread, systematic problem with officers being trained for police brutality. The question now is: what are we going to do about it?
The popular saying at protests is: “No Justice, No Peace!” But it seems very clearly that Officer Wilson has nothing but peace – the peace to go on with his life, marry and shrug off the taking of life by saying it is what he was “trained” to do.
As things heat up on the streets of Ferguson and St. Louis, a growing number of protesters are hoping that is a peace that doesn’t last to long for Wilson, or the rest of the local police.



ARTICLE

The Seattle Police Department keeps going back and forth on whether or not they will accept proposals to equip cops with body cameras.
The department is only weeks away from the proposed implementation of a pilot program which would outfit 12 officers with different types of body cameras. But the overall proposal is for more than 1,000 officers to be fitted with a camera – to be decided upon by the 12 test cameras – by the year 2016.
But now The Seattle Times is reporting this morning that an anonymous request has been made by someone from the email address policevideorequests@gmail.com, for “details on every 911 dispatch on which officers are sent; all the written reports they produce; and details of each computer search generated by officers when they run a person’s name, or check a license plate or address.”
They said that they want all video from patrol car cameras currently in use as well.
Police are required to comply with this, but they say that the request means they conveniently will not be logistically able to deal with that much data. Thus, they say, they will not be able to move ahead with plans for the body cams.
But some community activists we spoke to said that they suspect the email address belongs to the police themselves, who concocted this as a way to get out of wearing the cameras and ultimately being held accountable.
Seattle Police Department COO Mike Wagers said “this would just shut down so many other aspects of our operation, responding to a request of this nature.”
But police accountability activists say that everything the anonymous email requester says about themselves reeks. For starters, they refuse to publicly identify themselves, which is strange if they want all of this data. Wouldn’t the ultimate purpose of collecting that data be to hold the police accountable? Wouldn’t this, at some point, require them to come forward?
Secondly, the story of the requester is that they are “a computer programmer in his 20s, living with his parents in Seattle,” according to the Seattle Times. This detail of “living with his parents” hardly seems like the way a computer programer would chose to describe himself, and more like how police would characterize such a fake persona, activists in Seattle told us.
But the man claims to run a YouTube channel of police video and audio. He also spoke to Reuters, saying that he believes the “state law is simply too liberal when it comes to privacy.”
Seattle chief technology officer Michael Mattmiller estimated that request would cost $110 million in salaries for those fulfilling the requests and would take 1,376 years if one full-time employee alone was expected to fulfill these requests.



ARTICLE

Former Ohio State Highway Patrol trooper Ricky Vitte Jr. just accepted a plea bargain deal to avoid justice for watching pornography with a pre-teen child. Former officer Vitte offered a plea of no context to one misdemeanor count of disseminating material that is harmful to juveniles. 
Scroll down for court video…
In exchange for his plea deal, the former Highway Patrol cop was told by prosecutor Tom Steirwalt that the State would drop the felony count of the same offense. 
By taking this plea of no contest on Friday, November 21, 2014, Vitte avoided officially admitting that he watched pornography with the pre-teen child back in February of 2009. Instead, he simply said that he did not dispute the allegation. This means that the absolute maximum time in jail he can face at sentencing will be one year in the county jail. 
Vitte seemed stoic but satisfied as he made his appearance at the Sandusky County Common Pleas Courthouse. His sentencing hearing will be scheduled shortly.
Watch the hearing in the video below…




ARTICLE

The controversy surrounding the arrest of a Middlefield, Ohio man has led to a $3 million law suit against the former police chief in the midwestern village, and the mayor, as well as others.
Daniel Stovall, the man who was arrested, is claiming that officials made false arrest reports, planted evidence and used false informant testimonies to trump up charges against him. 
Mayor Ben Garlich is among the accused, listed in the suit. Stovall says that he facilitated the planting of evidence and refused to investigate reports about the false arrest.
Stovall’s allegations seem to be backed up by police dash cam evidence that shows that Stovall was never weaving whatsoever when police pulled him over in his minivan. Stovall, who is African American, say that he was targeted by officers who simply wanted a reason to search him. 
And search him they did. Police searched his person and his minivan in a parking lot and then brought out the county’s drug-sniffing K-9 who found nothing.
“There was no drugs in my pocket. There was no drugs in the van. The dog proved it,” Stovall explained.
But his ex-lover had “called in a tip” to police who took her accusations against Stovall as confirmed truth.
Now, Stovall is asking for $3 million in damages.



ARTICLE

Many have noted the irony that the United States attacked Afghanistan and Iraq for imagined links to the September 11th attacks back in 2001, even while the alleged hijackers were themselves Saudi Arabian citizens. But now, the self-described “Al-Qaeda” collaborator who is serving a life sentence in prison says that he will testify in court that one of the Saudi Arabian princes was in fact the financier of the World Trade Center, Pentagon and would-be White House attacks. 
Zacarias Moussaoui is a French citizen who was convicted for his role in the 9/11 attacks. Now, even after having been convicted and with no opportunity to reverse his sentence by testifying, Moussaoui says he wants to take the stand and out Prince Turki bin Faisal Al Saud for funding the attacks. 
All of this was outlined in a letter Moussaoui sent to the Oklahoma Western District Court on October 23, 2014.
According to Moussaoui, the prince assisted “Islamic terrorist activities in Norman,” a Midwestern town where Moussaoui took flight lessons back in 2001, along with alleged hijackers Mohamed Atta and Marwan al-Shehhi according to the 9/11 Commission Report. 
“I am ready to testify about all the above and more in your court in an Open Hearing that I request,” Moussaoui added. 
For the prince’s part, lawyers for Saudi Arabia have insisted in court filings earlier this year that the nation and it’s royal family “had no role in the attacks of September 11, 2001.”
The Kingdom’s court filings reaffirmed that the United States government “has said often and vigorously that Saudi Arabia is an important ally in the fight against terrorism.”
What do you think about the claims of Moussaoui and those of Saudi Arabia? Could there be any truth to what the convicted 9/11 co-conspirator said? Or are the lawyers for the Saudi Kingdom telling the truth?



ARTICLE

Last month, we reported on West Virginia and Maryland law enforcement agencies crusade against Fernando Smith. That war against Fernando was initiated by police after he asserted his rights, only to find himself arrested and his business raided soon after, for good measure. 
Fernando never thought that a trip to the movies with his son would result in his own arrest, and lead to police raiding his business. But that’s exactly what happened. Back on May 17th, at the Country Club Mall, in Cumberland, Maryland, Smith was confronted by a mall security guard who thought he was up to no good.
As it turned out, Smith was just giving his vehicle a minute to warm up – a quirk of his vehicle, as he explained to the security guard. That didn’t seem to matter much to the rent-a-cop, who promptly called the police.
When they arrived, the police demanded identification from Smith, who asserted his rights. He had been at the movie theater at the mall, and was a paying customer. That didn’t stop the police from charging him with Trespassing and “Disorderly Conduct.”
“I could have never imagined taking my 7 year old son out for dinner and a movie would lead to me being disrespected and arrested for trespassing and disorderly conduct right in front of him,” Smith explains.
He had forgotten his briefcase at work, one of two local car dealerships he owns. Realizing this, he had asked his secretary to bring his briefcase to him, so that he could continue spending time with his son.
“My secretary who was waiting for me to exit the movie to give me my briefcase.” But the mall cop thought that this looked like a drug deal, rather than a law abiding citizen being handed his property by his employee. Even after explaining what was going on, the rent-a-cop called the actual cops.
“Real cops arrive and immediately detained me and threatened to arrest me.”
That’s when Smith began recording the cops. Watch the video below…

On October 21st, Smith had his day in court. He beat the Trespassing charge but was convicted of “Disorderly Conduct” in spite of nothing disorderly being observed whatsoever.
Two days later, the West Virginia State Police with neighboring county sheriffs in Keyser, West Virginia, right next to Cumberland, Maryland raided his businesses.
They seized computers, cell phones – pretty much anything you would need to run a business. Since then, without invoices and records for his vehicles, he hasn’t effectively been able to run his businesses. In spite of the warrants served at his places of business, no illegal activity was determined to have occurred.
Now, Fernando Smith is asking for the return of his business property that the West Virgina State Police seized. 
Fernando says that this abuse of police power has led to him becoming a community activist. He explained that his experiences led him to start up a police accountability chapter of “Cop Block” in his area.
“I’m already obviously on their radar… I might as well sacrifice myself to expose police abuse of power, and hopefully help our cause,” he told us.
While the case is being heard in court next month, Fernando says that there will be major rallies planned for outside of the courthouse. 
“I’m hearing there will be a lot of people from out of town there and they will be armed. We will not tolerate that,” said Sgt. John Droppleman, Keyser detachment commander of the West Virginia State Police. “If they are armed, we will deal with it accordingly. All we ask is that if there is a rally that it be done in a peaceful manner.”
But Sgt. Droppleman might not have that discretion, as West Virginia allows open carry without a permit or license.
Fernando’s business has filed a complaint for a writ of mandamus as well as a request for an injunction for the return of business files and business computers which police took during their October 23rd raid.
This is essentially a petition which would force the government entity to give up the confiscated items if they cannot demonstrate that a crime was committed. 
Droppleman declined to comment on this, but has said that no charges have been filed yet, in spite of the massive raid and confiscation of property.
Stay tuned about the upcoming rally to support Fernando and the Bill of Rights!



ARTICLE

The state of California has decided that freedom of speech is a privilege, not a right. Apparently, prosecutors believe that writing lyrics about crime is a crime itself – and one punishable by a life sentence in prison. 
Brandon Duncan, also known as Tiny Doo, is in fact heading to trial, as a judge decided that there is legal grounds for prosecuting the man for his lyrics. 
“We’re not just talking about a CD of anything, of love songs. We’re talking about a CD (cover) … there is a revolver with bullets,” Deputy District Attorney Anthony Campagna said, justifying his unConstitutional prosecution of the musician. 
Duncan is charged with “gang conspiracy” because his “gang gained in status” from crimes, and this – prosecutors argue – allowed him to “sell more albums.”
This refers to a bizarre law voted into effect back in 2000 that has never been used in court until now. That law, California Penal Code Section PC186.22(b)(1), says: 
“Any person who is convicted of a felony committed for the benefit of, at the direction of, or in association with any criminal street gang, with the specific intent to promote, further, or assist in any criminal conduct by gang members, shall, upon conviction of that felony, in addition and consecutive to the punishment prescribed for the felony or attempted felony of which he or she has been convicted…”

“It’s shocking. He has no criminal record. Nothing in his lyrics say go out and commit a crime. Nothing in his lyrics reference these shootings, yet they are holding him liable for conspiracy. There are huge constitutional issues,” Brian Watkins, Duncan’s attorney, said of the case.
If you care about freedom of speech, and believe the State should not regulate art or effectively ban it (through prosecution) – even art that we might not like the message of – then help us SPREAD THE WORD and demand that the State of California #FreeTiny!
You can contact Deputy District Attorney Anthony Campagna and demand that he obey the Constitution of the United States at the following:
Hall of Justice
330 W. Broadway
San Diego, CA 92101
619-531-4040
FAX: 619-237-1351
publicaffairs@sdcda.org



ARTICLE

A New Jersey police officer was just busted on videotape exposing himself to young men during traffic stops. Police say that there were at least five traffic stops where Jason R. Miller, 37, of Hampton, unzipped his pants and exposed himself.
He was arrested this week, on the charge that he exposed himself “to satisfy his prurient interests” according to the arrest affidavit, filed Monday.
Drivers who submitted to this unlawful sexual advance were then allowed to leave without Officer Miller issuing traffic summonses.
Miller has been on the job since July 2001, but this looks like it might be the end of his career in law enforcement. He is currently indefinitely suspended with no pay.
“The allegations against Jason Miller represent a grave abuse of authority for which there is absolutely zero tolerance,” the Newton New Jersey police and prosecutor’s office said in an official statement.
Officer Miller has been charged with two counts of second-degree official misconduct, as well as a single count of third-degree pattern of official misconduct. Added to this is the charge of “disorderly persons offense of lewdness.”
Anthony Iacullo, Miller’s attorney says that his client is standing strong, and “vehemently denies these allegations.”
“He is an excellent officer and has served Newton for over a decade,” Iacullo claimed. “When this case is litigated in the court of law, we are confident that he will be exonerated as it relates to all charges.”
But after the Newton Police Department received an anonymous complaint on October 23rd, a video was taken of Officer Miller and it confirmed what the caller had stated.
Newtown Police are asking that anyone who has experienced similar incidents call the Sussex County Prosecutor’s Office at 973-383-1570.
Miller is due in court on Wednesday, November 26th. Stay tuned!



ARTICLE

Ever wonder why a police officer you encounter is so angry, seemingly for no reason? We see videos of cops losing their cool and even threatening to murder citizens for the slightest infraction or indication that someone might no happen to respect their imagined authority. In a growing number of cases, the cause for that anger is proving to be pharmaceutical in nature.
Now more than ever, cops on steroids are becoming increasingly common. Recently a Secaucus, New Jersey officer was charged with selling the steroid gel known as Androgel testosterone on the online auction site eBay. Apparently he didn’t think anyone would notice.
The acting Secaucus Police Chief John Cerny commented, on the arrest of Officer Michael Cucciniello, 43, calling it “a dark day for the Secaucus Police Department.”
“Police officers are sworn to uphold laws,” Cerny continued. “They also have to abide by those very same laws. Wrongdoing will not be tolerated. We owe that to the public who entrusts us, as well as the men and women of this department who come to work every single day and do their job the right way. The Secaucus Police Department continues to remain committed to our community.”
Secaucus Mayor Mike Gonnelli announced that Cucciniello has been suspended without pay.
The steroid was legally prescribed to Cucciniello by a physician. The official charge former officer Cucciniello faces is “obtaining a controlled dangerous substance by fraud.”
The third degree felony carries the possibility of five years in prison for the former officer. But why are other police officers taking this offense so seriously and seemingly throwing the book at Officer Cucciniello? After all, police officers frequently are involved in shooting citizens – in many cases unarmed citizens – and they are not suspended without pay.
Well, back in August of 2007, New Jersey officers were embroiled in an earlier steroid controversy. Physician Joseph Colao was found dead at his home and an inordinate number of officers were freaking out.
The 45-year-old physician had collapsed and died in his Jersey City apartment, from heart failure. But officers were calling in and asking Detective Sgt. Ken Kolich “is it true? Did Colao really die?”
As it turned out, a seven-month Star-Ledger investigation looked at prescription records, court documents and detailed interviews with employees of Colao. It reviewed that the doctor prescribed steroids and human growth hormone to hundreds of law enforcement officers and firefighters throughout New Jersey.
The investigation revealed that in less than a year, 248 officers and firefighters from 53 agencies went to Colao for muscle-building controlled substances “linked to increased aggression, confusion and reckless behavior.” In six of those cases, Colaos uniformed patients were later named in lawsuits “alleging excessive force and civil rights violations around the time that they were documented as having received the steroids from Dr. Colao.”
Whatever you think about the regulation of such controlled substances, it is clear that police officers using steroids is like adding fuel to fire. The recent arrest of Officer Cucciniello shows that this is still a major problem with New Jersey cops, and probably in departments all over the country.



ARTICLE

In Philip K. Dick’s 1956 science fiction short novel, a criminal justice agency was tasked with identifying individuals who would commit crimes in the future. The concept and agency were termed pre-crime, an idea later popularized by Steven Spielberg’s film Minority Report, adapted from the story by the same name.
The term “pre-crime” has now become increasingly used in academic literature in order describe and often critique the growing tendency of law enforcement agencies to focus on crimes that have not even happened.
Now, the Los Angeles Police Department is, according to the Associated Press, “increasingly relying on technology that not only tells patrol officers where crime is most likely to occur but also identifies and keeps track of ex-cons and other bad guys they believe are most likely to commit them.”
The head of one LAPD division, Capt. Ed Prokop, claimed that “this is a tremendous step forward. Without this, I couldn’t do my job.”
The program that Prokop is referring to is part data collection, part computer analysis, and part street-level intelligence-gathering. A recent federal infusion of $400,000 has recently propelled the program forward. Now, a host of other departments – nationwide -are contacting the LAPD with interest in replicating the “pre-crime” approach.
The program isn’t called “pre-crime” though, the LAPD have termed it “LASER,” in part due to what they claim is “its ability to zero in on offenders and hotspots.”
Craig Uchida, president of Justice & Security Strategies, Inc., and the program’s research partner said that officials from New York, Nevada, Wisconsin, Washington, Texas and Canada have been briefed on LASER and are working towards nationwide implementation of the program.
The “pre-crime” technology of the “LASER” program emanates from the CIA’s venture capital arm, and has been funded by federal grants since it launched in 2011.
LASER is currently being used in eight areas throughout Los Angeles, with over 3,500 LAPD officers trained to use data collection and analysis interfaces of the program.
The Associated Press notes that LASER “has no clear oversight and unjustly focuses on keeping ex-convicts under suspicion even though they’ve served their time.”
Kade Crockford of the American Civil Liberties Union, weighed in, saying that “people who have paid their debts to society shouldn’t remain stigmatized in the eyes of police.”
Crockford said that LASER is essentially just “repackaging old biases in new technologies,” and will just be one more way that police attempt to legitimize discriminatory practices and abuses of power.



ARTICLE

There is no audio in the video, but what we know is that a Kentucky police officers shot several times through the windshield of Samantha Ramsey, 19, of Hebron, Kentucky. Ramsey was killed by Boone County Sheriff’s Deputy Tyler Brockman, who says that he was trying to stop her from leaving a party early Saturday morning.
Dashcam video shows the officer trying to stop the car, but it does not show what he later admitted to: jumping on the hood and firing into the windshield, killing Ramsey.
After a 48 minute video was released to the Cincinnati-based WLWT, the public grew increasingly outraged at the shooting of the preschool teacher. The video shows Brockman approaching the car and Ramsey not stopping, but there is nothing in the video that supports his claim that he needed to jump on the hood and fire round after round through the windshield. While the shooting occurred off camera the hysterical reactions of friends nearby are clearly shown by the dashcam.
What we know for sure is that officer Brockman was trying to stop Ramsey from leaving the party, but he failed to stop her from reaching her car. She fled, and he positioned himself in danger, she was not herself trying to drive towards him. This makes things fairly complicated for him from a legal perspective, but that hasn’t stopped die-hard “right or wrong” supporters of the police from attempting to justify the shooting.
Both friends in the footage can be seen throwing their arms in the air multiple times. The person on the right side of the screen, as well, can be seen rocking back and forth, unable to calm down due to the killing of his friend.
Ramsey’s friend Gunnar Buemi responded to the video during an early candlelight vigil that followed the shooting: “That’s murder!”
Buemi shouted and frantically waved his arms as people cheered him on. All seemed to agree that “Justice needs to be done about this injustice. We’re all sitting here lighting candles, being quiet when the government is out here shooting.
“Any other human would have been put in jail for that. He needs to answer for what he did to that family.”
Another friend, Chelsea Pendleton told the Cincinnati Enquirer, “The cop was in the wrong… I was there. I was in the back seat. That was unnecessary force. He had no right to do that.”
“That was dead body weight on the gas pedal after she was shot,” she continued.
“I just want to know what happened. I want answers,” Brandi Stewart said to Cincinnati-based WXIX. “He was the last person that looked in my daughter’s eyes that saw her face and I want answers.”
Watch the video below…
Last week Northern Kentucky grand jury has declined to indict Deputy Tyler Brockman in the death of Ramsey.
Now her supporters are gathering this Saturday at a “Justice for Samantha Ramsey” rally. You can connect with the organizers and other protesters to find out more information at the Facebook page they have set up for the event.
They ask that you “bring your signs and love,” and pay your respects to the Ramsey family.



ARTICLE

With all of the corruption, abusive power, and police brutality, many wonder whether or not there are any good cops out there at all. From time to time, Counter Current News has been contacted by officers who have expressed frustration with their departments, and fellow police officers. One source from within the Beavercreek Police Department, in Ohio, has given us an exclusive interview about the John Crawford case. In a few cases we have encountered, members of law enforcement who have come to us, have left their respective departments. One of those former “good cops” is Raeford Davis, and today he is an anarchist.
Davis was a police officer for six years. While troubled by many aspects of government law enforcement at the time, he explains that he was committed to the cause. Later, over a period of years, he began to understand the morality or lack thereof, behind policing the community as an arm an agent of the State.
Davis became immersed in the concepts of voluntarism, anarchism, the non-aggression principal and how destructive the current manifestation of law enforcement is to proper human interaction.
Davis spent four years on patrol and two as a special victims unit detective with the City of North Charleston Police Department in South Carolina. Before becoming a police officer, he graduated from Charleston Southern University with a B.S. in Criminal Justice.
Raeford made hundreds of drug-related arrests over the course of his career. He used to think it was all about keeping bad guys off the street.
“I was misguided for participating in the war on drugs and guns and my actions as a cop made things worse,” Davis explains.
Now he says that drug prohibition laws and the black markets they create are what actually fosters the violence we see and associate with drugs.
“Even though everything I did as a police officers was legally justifiable. I began to question the moral justification of enforcing drug laws. A citizen does not have the moral authority to use violence to kick in the door of a stranger’s home, put a gun his face and take his rightful possessions even if they are unpopular mood altering substances. A badge cannot shield you from that morality. Like most cops, I always wanted to act with integrity, help others and ‘do the right thing,’ I understand now, by blindly following the law, I unwittingly committed legal yet immoral acts of aggression against others in the performance of my duties. Even when no one is killed or injured, the mere act of seizing a person’s drugs, cash, locking them in cages or forcing them to pay a fine is the same as theft, kidnapping and extortion. All of which are immoral acts.”
Today, Raeford serves the community by speaking out against drug prohibition, “the government monopoly on law enforcement,” from the perspective of a former officer.
Tune in Wednesday night at 10:00 EST, to hear Raeford Davis on Cop Block Radio!

Also be sure to check out Raeford Davis’s blog: Blue Enmity.



ARTICLE

From the police shooting of unarmed veteran Stanley Gibson, to the deaths of Denis Reynoso and Parminder Singh Shergill, law enforcement officers seem to have a knack for making bad situations go worse with veterans. 
When Denis Reynoso was confronted by police on September 5, 2013, the officers had received a “disturbing the peace” call. Once officers arrived at the Kings Lynne apartment complex where Denis died, they confronted the veteran in his apartment, without a warrant, and within moments the veteran was shot dead.
Police later claimed that even though he was not drunk or on any sort of drugs, Denis suddenly decided to “lunge” for one of the three responding officer’s guns. All of this, they explain, happened within the apartment they had never been invited into, and did not have a warrant to enter. 
Police say that Reynoso tried to grab the officer’s gun. Instead, the police tried to enter his home without a warrant, and Denis attempted to physically prevent them from doing that. 
Later, police crafted an elaborate scenario where Reynoso got the gun from the Level 3 retention holster of Officer John Bernarder, held it to his head, but officers inexplicably wrestled it away from him before calling in any such engagement, and without a single officer being wounded. After taking the gun back from Denis, they admit to gunning him down in front of his son.
Friends and family of Denis have speculated that police, having their illegal activities challenged by a trained individual, who did not timidly back down and roll over for them, led to the officer “losing it” and firing when things got physical, and the warrantless entry was blocked by Reynoso.
Perhaps not surprisingly to those who have seen the way “internal investigations” go, the Essex District Attorney’s office has concluded that the Lynn police officers involved in this shooting “acted appropriately” in the death of Reynoso.
But this is hardly an isolated incident. Police officers have what almost seems to be a pattern of over-reacting when faced with a veteran who doesn’t immediately bow to police authority. 
Back in January, police shot and killed a Sikh man – a U.S. veteran – Parminder Singh Shergill while he was walking his mother home. Police claimed he “brandished a knife,” but Shergill was simply carrying a sheathed ceremonial blade, worn by all Sikh men. 
“I’ve lost faith,” Shergill’s nephew Aman Sohota said. “[The police] keep telling us that they are going to release information, but they don’t do it. I think the process is corrupt. I think the District Attorney is going to somehow end up justifying this.”
In a case with a very different outcome, a former Las Vegas police officer was fired for shooting unarmed veteran Stanley Gibson, 43, back on December 12th of 2011. 
That officer, Jesus Arevalo, 36, is still receiving over a million dollars in “stress related” disability and retirement benefits from the state of Nevada. 
Arevalo fired his AR-15 rifle into Stanley Gibson’s car when he mistakenly believed that gunfire from another officer was in fact coming from Gibson. The veteran was shot four times by the officer, and died at the scene. 
“Someone died because of what I did,” Arevalo admitted. “As a Christian, I have to live with that the rest of my life. That should have never happened.”
No one could possibly disagree that this shooting should not have happened, but why did it happen? Why do so many police officers seem to make mistakes that cost veterans their lives? Furthermore, how can we say that we honor veterans when men like Arevalo are permitted to “accidentally” gun them down and never face a prison term as a result?
There is no better time than this Veteran’s Day to ask the important question of why police keep killing unarmed veterans?



ARTICLE

As the NAACP calls for a federal investigation into the police shooting of Darrien Hunt, the hacktivist group Anonymous launched #OpDarrienHunt in defense of the cosplaying victim. 
#OpDarrienHunt was started Thursday, November 6th and in the few days since, the twitter account has attracted considerable attention, including over 15,000 followers at the time our source in this #Op contacted us. 
Counter Current News has numerous sources with various groups within Anonymous, and all have brought us compelling news time and time again, including a recent report leaking police and military plans to thwart peaceful protests in Ferguson following the impending verdict on Officer Darren Wilson
The recently released statement from our source in #OpDarrienHunt is as follows:

Greetings citizens of the world.
We are Anonymous.
In a scene that is becoming all too familiar, on September 10 just after 9:30 am 22 year old
Darrien Hunt was shot and killed by the Saratoga Springs Police Department
in Utah. In a town that is 95 percent white, Mr. Hunt which is of African
decent was said to be carrying a large knife which turned out to be nothing
more than a toy sword from a Japanese costume.The officers at the center of
this case say Mr. Hunt lunged at them with the sword so they opened fire in
self defense. But autopsy reports indicate that Mr. Hunt was was shot
several times in the back which contradicts their stories. It would suggest
Mr. Hunt was shot as he tried running away and not threatening police.
There was no need for deadly force. This same scenario, but different details have been happening for too long now.
Because of this we will now launch #OpDarrienHunt . Our demand are VERY simple, bring criminal charges against
officers Matt Schauerhamer and Nicholas Judson and apologize to Darrien Hunt’s family and drop the charges against Darrien Hunt’s mother. These demands must be met or justice will be served.
On behalf of all Anonymous,
F3AR
We are Anonymous.
We are Legion.
We do not Forgive.
We do not Forget.
Expect us.
Darrien Hunt was “cosplaying” as a Japanese Samurai when police gunned him down. Saratoga Springs, Utah police on September 10th of this year. Police claimed that they “felt threatened” by the fact that Hunt was armed with the sort of sword popular at stores in malls across the United States.
Our source with Anonymous says that they initiated this operation “because of the autopsy revealing that Darrien Hunt wasn’t attacking police officers.”
They’re right, the autopsy indicates that “he was shot in the back multiple times.”
Furthermore, there is now footage revealing this. 
At this stage, our source tells us that “the plan is to raise awareness, kind of like #OpFerguson. We’re going to doxx the officers, as well as some sites will be taken down.”
“Doxxing” refers to outing the personal, private information of individuals involved. 
Our sources have yet to tell us which sites are scheduled for being taken down, but they assure us that much more information on the officers will be released very soon.
Stay tuned!



ARTICLE

The brutality of Israeli police hardly needs any introduction to minority groups in Israel. This includes the demographic of peace protesters who find themselves constantly attacked by police on the streets of Tel Aviv, Haifa and Jerusalem (as well as other cities). 
To the Palestinian Israeli citizens, and Palestinians in the West Bank and Gaza, the police brutality in Israel is an every day reality. American attention began to turn towards Israeli police last summer after Palestinian-American teen Tariq Abu Khdeir, 15, was beaten and pictures of his injuries went viral. 
But now another Palestinian youth has been the victim of Israeli police brutality and it was all caught on video. This time, the Palestinian did not survive. Watch the disturbing video below where 22-year-old Kheir Hamdan in Kufr Kana was gunned down by police in circumstances that contradict the initial account of law enforcement spokespersons. 

Israeli police originally stated that Hamdan had tried to stab officers. The Adalah Legal Center for Arab Minority Rights in Israel responded to this statement and its contradiction by the newly-released video by saying that “it is clear from the video footage that the shooting of Hamdan was a murder, as Hamdan did not pose an immediate threat to the lives of the police officers when they shot him.”
“Hamdan approached the officers’ van and banged on the windows with an object,” Adalah acknowledged. “The officers then opened the door of the van, got out and shot him from close range as he tried to run away from the scene, without giving any prior warning such as firing a shot into the air.” 
Hamdan had never tried to kill any of the officers, but they gunned him down nevertheless, for nothing more than banging on their vehicle in a manner that did not so much as shatter a window. The police had the ability to apprehend him without firing a single shot, but instead, they opened fire on him, angry that he had beat on their vehicle.
“After the murder occurred, the police rushed to publish a false statement about the details of the incident, but later it became clear that cameras had documented the incident, showing that the police narrative was false and fabricated,” Adalah continued.
Adalah concluded that “the officers’ actions clearly violate the open fire regulations of the police. The video also raises suspicion that the police shot Hamdan again after he was injured and had fallen to the ground.”
To add insult to injury – or in this case, death – the police dragged Hamdan’s body “in a humiliating manner while he was bleeding and threw him into the police van, as if they were carrying a meaningless object,” rather than calling for emergency medical aid.



ARTICLE




ARTICLE

Officer Orlando Smith shot and killed Dontez O’Neal during an undercover drug bust. No one disputes that fact. But even though no one is arguing over who pulled the trigger, O’Neal’s friends are now being charged in his death.
Officers and the coroner reports claim that O’Neal was armed at the time of the deal, but witnesses affirm that he was not. His friends who are being charged, Gerry Branner and Robert Matthews were unarmed at the time of the shooting. No one is disputing that.
It sounds confusing, right?
Well, investigators tried to turn to Cincinnati Police Officer Smith’s dash cam video for some clarification, but it was supposedly “malfunctioning” during the bust. This seems to be a pattern for the officer, as his camera seems to “malfunction” whenever he causes injury or death to someone while on duty.
Officer Smith is notorious in the Cincinnati area as easily the most corrupt officer on the Cincinnati Police Department. The facts seem to back that anecdotal “word on the street” up, as Officer Smith has had a series of “camera malfunctions” at critical moments.
In a completely unrelated case, 36-year-old Natalie Cole filed suit against Officer Smith, saying that the Cincinnati cop deliberately turned off his dashcam video before running her over with his police cruiser.
“Physically, everyday, all day something hurts,” Cole said of her pains in the aftermath of the incident.
“I woke up and I couldn’t move and I felt my neck,” Cole recalled. “They told me I had been hit by a police car.”
But she explains that it is simply unbelievable to imagine that the dashcam would malfunction – turning itself off – right before the impact, and then come back on three minutes later.
Cole’s lawsuit explains that she suffered fractures in her spine, hip, six ribs, legs, wrists and collarbone from the impact where Officer Smith was accelerating to speeds as high as 70 miles per hour. No, this was not on the highway. This was downtown, on Cincinnati’s popular and very crowded Vine Street.
It took almost 150 staples to Cole’s skull to close her head injuries up. She also suffered a lacerated liver requiring multiple surgeries.
Officer Smith made the rounds to each eyewitness, as he “attempted to manipulate witnesses” to claim that he had his emergency lights and siren on. But witnesses refused to support his claims.
Now Smith is claiming that his camera malfunctioned again, and even though no witnesses support the claim, he is blaming the friends of the victim he shot with O’Neal’s death. As bizarre as it sounds, this blame game has legal backing, and this is not the first time Smith’s department has made use of this legal voodoo.
Cincinnati Police have a history of making use of a bizarre law that says if you do something to basically “force” police to kill someone, or that results in the death of a police officer, then you can be charged with killing that person.
As nonsensical as this law is, police and prosecutors have failed to provide any evidence that O’Neal’s friends were doing anything other than trying to leave. They are essentially being told that because they tried to leave, they are responsible for Officer Smith shooting and killing their friend.
A murder trial is currently underway, charging both Gerry Branner and Robert Matthews with killing Dontez O’Neal even though it was – by all accounts – Officer Smith who pulled the trigger.
Prosecutor Joe Deters is using the power of the State to charge citizens with murders that were carried out by an agent of the State.



ARTICLE

A preschool teacher went to a field party. She ended up dead. In spite of the tragedy that has outraged the victim’s community, it was announced Thursday that her killer won’t face charges. 
How could this be?  
The facts speak for themselves. The shooter’s identity is known to police and prosecutors. The details demonstrate beyond a reasonable doubt that the shooter acted in a criminal manner. But because of the profession of the shooter, he has evaded charges for his crime. 
You see, the shooter was a police officer. 
The gunman shot four times through 19-year-old Samantha Ramsey’s windshield after he ended up on top of her hood after trying to stop her from driving away from the party. 
Just moments before he had been beside the car, but somehow just seconds later was both struck by the car AND had the ability to draw his weapon from a retention holster and fire four rounds through the windshield, killing Samantha.
Of course, if anyone not wearing a badge had done this, he’d be in jail a long, long time. But it was a cop, Deputy Tyler Brockman of the Boone County Sheriff’s Department, in Kentucky, near the border with Cincinnati, Ohio.
The grand jury announced today there would be no charges filed.
Conveniently, Brockman’s microphone wasn’t working, and the shots were fired just out of view of his dashboard camera. He claims he hurt his footsie after falling off the hood of the dead girl’s car. But he did it all to protect the innocent, of course. 
From his statement, we read: “The shots were fired not only to save his life, but also the pedestrians walking on the road and the officers currently just down the road initiating other arrests.” 
And then there was the self-pitying statement from Brockman’s attorney:
“While Tyler and his family remain extremely thankful he is alive, his survival came with the heavy burden of doing what he had to do to protect himself and others. He sincerely regrets the loss the Ramsey family has suffered. “

Watch the video and see for yourself. What do you think?

If you agree that this story needs to told nationwide then help us get it out there and on the mainstream media’s radar!



ARTICLE

Imagine calling the police to help resolve an argument with your son, but instead of helping calm things down, the police end up charging him as nothing short of a terrorist. That’s exactly what happened to the Policare family, and it serves as a perfect example of why calling the police is not the answer to deescalate an argument.
In the video breakdown by Anthony Antonello we see why you should never call the police on a dispute with your kids, no matter how old they get. Joseph Policare Sr. now has a son out on $20,000 bond and facing charges for “Terroristic Threats.”
All of this happened simply because he trusted the police to help him take care of a bad situation.
Joe Sr. says he regrets ever calling the police to break up a fight between his sons, Joey and Dennis. Dennis wisely pulled out his camera phone and began recording once the police got there. He could tell from the demeanor of the responding officers that they weren’t there to deescalate the situation. 
But the cops didn’t like the attitude they were seeing from him and his sons, so one of them made up an excuse to attack Joey, which Antonello shows to be a clear and blatant fabrication.
They “slammed him pretty good and cut his face” according to Dennis Policare, who spoke with Counter Current News about the incident. They also slapped the phone out of Joe Sr.’s hand at the end of the encounter, for no apparent reason, and without provocation from him.
Watch the video, and take this lesson to heart…




ARTICLE

The problem of police brutality is hardly limited to the United States, but Israeli police violence receives little attention in the media by comparison.
That all started to change this past summer when an American citizen was visiting his Palestinian family in the city of Shuafat, a Palestinian Arab neighborhood of East Jerusalem. A shocking video of the police brutality went viral which recorded Israeli police brutally beating 15-year-old Palestinian-American Tariq Abu Khdeir.

Tariq was the cousin of Mohammad Abu Khdeir who had been burnt alive in East Jerusalem just before that, which led to Tariq’s visit in the aftermath of his cousin’s death.
Israeli police can be seen in the video detaining Tariq, handcuffing him and beating him, kicking and punching him over and over, even though he offered no resistance.
Handcuffed and lying on the floor, Tariq was eventually dragged away by the police who still didn’t realize he was an American citizen.
Once the videos of Tariq’s beating surfaced it seemed that Americans finally began paying a little more attention to the rampant problem of police brutality in Israel and the occupied territories. Even then, however, the video would have never seen the light of day, had it not been for the first being leaked through the Palestine Today television channel and the second posted to Facebook by Quds News Network, showing the same incident.
It was only once the video(s) went viral that the Israeli and American media could no longer ignore this incident.
But this was very far from an isolated incident. Israeli border police officers routinely brutalize protesters of all backgrounds, not just Palestinians. During the “Israeli Spring” protests during the War on Gaza, our citizen journalists in Haifa reported not only on police brutality, but police collusion with violent counter-protesters self-affiliated with the FBI-designated “JDL” terrorist group.
Professor Ilan Pappe describes what he saw at one of these peace protests in Haifa:
Last night one could see how Israel officially has given up the charade of democracy. I saw it in the city of Haifa. Two thousands hooligans came well-armed with stones and bottles that were hurled at the demonstrators from the very beginning. They were invited there by local politicians. The police did not only standby, but helped the mob by cordoning the demonstrators so that they could not move out of the firing zone. The media covering the event saluted the thugs for finally standing for the nation in its hour of need. The scenes were reminiscent from the last days of the Wiemar republic.
There is currently a police accountability group forming in Israel, which plans to put roots down in Haifa, Jerusalem and Tel Aviv, as well as any other cities where there is interest in filming police and demanding accountability for incidences of brutality and collusion with violent groups in order to push the agenda of the State.
There are a lot more victims of police brutality in Israel, just like Tariq, but without cameras on the police, their stories will almost certainly never be told, or believed.



ARTICLE

The heart and soul of Cop Block is all those who are out there on the street holding the police accountable, day in, day out.
One of the most active on the ground is Kory Watkins. A couple months back he asked for $500 to buy a digital scanner, and in two hours he had the money thanks to readers like you who helped make that a reality!
Below is a short clip of what those donations translate to on the ground in Arlington, Texas, when Cop Block member Kory’s on duty with Tarrant County Peaceful Streets Project.

Kory is using a $500 Uniden BCD436HP digital scanner and streaming via the LiveStream app.
On the scanner, in the video above, we can hear one of the officers warn the others: “Be advised, the ‘cop watch’ people are coming your way.”
Thanks to this scanner, Cop Block activists were watching the watchers and saw the interception coming!
Maybe the citizens of Arlington should bring this before the City Council and ask them if cops monitoring citizens lawful activity is an appropriate use of police resources and tax-payer dollars?



ARTICLE

When Officer Sean Williams gunned down John Crawford in the Beavercreek, Ohio Walmart, two of our citizen journalists were on the scene within what amounted to minutes.
“What took the longest was getting into the parking lot. We were on our way to Colonel Glenn, one block parallel to a different store. But when a number of officers swarmed the shopping center, we decided to pull in and see what was going on,” our reporters explained.
It didn’t take long to find out some of the specifics, “people were running everywhere, to their cars, to other stores like Office Depot. They were trying to get as far away from Walmart as possible.”
Why? “They said there was a ‘crazed gun man firing at shoppers.’ Little did we know then, but this ‘crazed gunman’ who they were referring to was not John Crawford, it was Officer Williams,” our other citizen journalist on the scene added.
Our reporters say that they’ve deliberately kept their names out of this because of previous harassment by the Beavercreek Police Department.
“A couple of years ago we filmed the Beavercreek cops arresting a lady who was begging for money on Christmas Eve. We had just given her some cash and we watched the Beavercreek cops literally pocket it. We pulled over and started filming. We gave her another $20 and challenged the officer to steal it while we were filming.”
But it didn’t end there. “The officer began screaming at us that we were not to approach him. He was grabbing his sidearm, even though we were a good 15 or more feet away. We left, realizing that we were about to get shot, and we put the video on YouTube.”
That’s when the threats from Beavercreek cops began.
“We were threatened day in and day out for a month. The Beavercreek cops called us, inboxed us at email addresses they should not have known. They threatened us with personal harm and even threatened to get us kicked out of [local University].”
Eventually they took the video down and the threats from the Beavercreek police came to an end.
“It didn’t surprise us when we heard about the Beavercreek Police shooting a black man in Walmart. That is what they do: they arrest or – in this case – kill people who come in from outside of the area and make the town seem lower income. The Supreme Court even had to stop them from their racist ban on bus stops, which aimed to keep black people out of Fairfield Commons Mall.” That mall is right across the street from the Walmart where John Crawford was shot.
Our reporters told us something else about the Beavercreek Police that might surprise you.
“The funny thing is, there are some decent folks in the Beavercreek department. I know a couple of them from […] and one has told me several things about this case… but they wish to remain anonymous, of course.”
We, of course, have withheld the connection of our reporters to the officers they referred to, as this would compromise anonymity.
Our reporter turned to one of these sources in the Beavercreek Police Department in particular, early on when we were the first to identify the single shooter of Crawford. They told us the specific name and history of Officer Sean Williams, before any of this was public knowledge, as well as the fact that he had killed before, in fact being the only Beavercreek officer to have killed anyone in the line of work in the history of the department.
So we turned to them again about this case, and this is what they told our reporters…
“Nobody on the force wants Williams here anymore.”
“Why?” our reporters asked. “Could you elaborate?”
“He’s a liability. We all know it. There was an investigation last time he shot someone. It seemed more clear cut, but the family disputed his claims – said that he never charged him with the knife, that Williams was lying. I don’t know who is telling the truth, and neither did anyone else except the family, Sean and a dead vet[eran].”
We asked further, “what about him being a liability? Why won’t the Chief just fire him?”
“It’s not that simple,” the officer explained to us. “He has history here: family history. The Chief honors that.”
The officer seemed to have been referring to the fact that Officer Sean William’s father works for the department and has for decades. He in fact parked a K-9 unit vehicle with a barking police dog right near where protesters were blocking the entrance to the department during last week’s occupation of the Beavercreek Police Department. In spite of the illegal barricade and goading arrest by activists, police stood down as the department was shut down.
“Sean is a lose cannon. That’s how many of us feel. We want to get back to work. But he’s making this our daily priority. We’re constantly being briefed about one thing or another related to this case. Once he’s back on the beat, what if he shoots someone else? Is this just something we have to expect every few years now?”
We asked the officer if this is the general consensus among officers at the Beavercreek Police Department.
“Everyone doesn’t feel as strongly about this as I do, but I would say yes, that is the general climate, aside from people close to [the Williams family].”
We asked about the blockade of the department by activists last month. The police source replied: “I am not privy to all of the details, but I will tell you that while there was some discussion, I don’t think anyone was ever going to get arrested. The Department is out of the way for many reasons. But one is that you can protest there all day and no one will know unless they know. It was an inconvenience, but at the end of the day, Chief told you that he’s gonna do whatever-the-hell he wants anyway. So you packed up, you went home. That’s what he knew would happen. He’s just hoping it all blows over and fizzles out. If arrests would have been made, it would have brought more attention to this. He [the Chief] just wants this to go away – I just want this to go away. But we disagree on what that means for Sean. I don’t think this can or even should go away until he is off the streets for good. Then we can get back to doing our jobs.”
Shortly after this interview was conducted, however, Chief Evers announced his resignation. This came just two days after activists swarmed the Beavercreek Police Station again, on Saturday the 25th of October.
It might seem unrelated to those who haven’t been following what’s going on, but for those who have been paying attention to the stories, or getting involved in the streets and Police Department lobby of the Beavercreek station, the announcement by Chief Dennis Evers comes as little surprise.
Just after activists took flooded the public space outside of the Police Department, many of them took to the large intersection at Dayton-Xenia and Fairfield Rd. The busy intersection saw a massive protest that have members of Cop Block, Ohio Open Carry, Ohio Student Association, and many other organizations taking all corners of the intersection and the median to hold signs, chant messages of justice from a bullhorn, and pass out “Wanted” flyers of Officer Williams and Ritchie.
Help us get the word out. The movement to bring justice for John Crawford is just getting started!



ARTICLE

You may have heard about the shady process where police can take your private property, even whatever money you have on you if they suspect that it was going to be used in a crime.
The process, known as “civil asset forfeiture,” allows police to take and keep anything they want from suspects, so long as they say that you might end up using it in a crime. One officer, mentioned in our earlier report on this legalized theft, described the process as “buying toys” with “pennies from heaven.” In this case, however, “heaven” is your wallet.
In a 2010 report titled Policing for Profit, the public interest law firm, the Institute for Justice, documents the widespread and abusive manner in which civil asset forfeiture is used by law enforcement agencies, concluding that: “Only three states—Maine, North Dakota and Vermont—receive a combined grade of B or higher. The other 47 states all receive Cs or Ds.” While “[m]ost state civil forfeiture laws provide little protection to property owners. Six states receive an F and 29 states receive a D for their laws alone. Lax federal laws earn the federal government a law grade of D-.”
You can read more about how police are getting away with this by suing the property itself, such as sums of money or houses, literally naming pieces of property in lawsuits in our report: “How Police Can Steal Money and Property Without Convicting You of Any Crime.”
Recently, Summit County, Ohio prosecutors filed a civil forfeiture complaint against a Cuyahoga Falls barber who has been accused of drug trafficking. The prosecutors are trying to seize even more money and assets than they already had when they confiscated $762,000 in cash back in September.
The civil asset forfeiture emanates from the case: State of Ohio v. Scott F. Fogel and Tiah Jones and Mel Fogel. The Assistant Summit County Prosecutor Joseph P. Dangelo, filed a complaint on behalf of the State of Ohio, only last week which calls for the legalized theft of $1.35 million, as well as a 1999 Honda Shadow, 2005 Honda Element, 1999 Suzuki 650 and 2010 Toyota Camry.
All of this because Jones is accused of telling a Falls police detective that he sells marijuana and prescription medication. That’s it. There’s literally nothing else this small business owner did besides say that he sells marijuana on the side, in addition to operating a successful barber shop. For this crime of selling a plant, the State of Ohio now believes they should be allowed to basically confiscate everything the man owns, even without having proven their case against him.
If you believe the State has gone way too far with the legalized theft known as “civil asset forfeiture,” then help us get the word out about this latest abuse being carried out in the name of protecting us from a leaf.



ARTICLE

Federal Aviation Administration managers have now admitted to what thousands of activists already knew but couldn’t prove: that the FAA imposed a No Fly Zone over the city of Ferguson, Missouri in order to keep reporters from having a better vantage point to record police brutality against activists protesting the police shooting of Michael Brown.
The U.S. government, naturally, didn’t phrase things in that blunt of a manner. Instead, they admitted – reluctantly – to that the purpose was “finally admitted,” according to one FAA air traffic manager, that “it really was to keep the media out.”
That translates to barring the press from recording the police, which would only be a concern of the police if they were worried that their unlawful activity would make it on to television screens across the nation and around the world.
Over 37 square miles of airspace, covering Ferguson and surrounding areas, were closed to non-law enforcement flights from August 12th to the 24th, the height of the Justice For Mike Brown protests. The Associated Press notes that audio recordings have demonstrated local law enforcement admitting that the purpose of the “No Fly” zone was to keep out the media, even while police publicly denied this reasoning behind the FFA ban.
The same air traffic manager explained to The Associated Press that the Ferguson and Missouri State Police “did not care if you ran commercial traffic through this TFR (temporary flight restriction) all day long. They didn’t want media in there.”
But the FAA is not actually permitted to restrict flight access or traffic for this purpose.
“There is really … no option for a TFR that says, you know, ‘OK, everybody but the media is OK,'” the flight manager said. This required FAA managers to play some games with wording in their official justification for the flight ban.
All of this utterly contradicts the claims formerly made by the St. Louis County Police Department, which said air traffic was limited to law enforcement “for public safety” purposes, in response to shots allegedly fired at a police helicopter.
The police, in other words, claimed that they were just trying to “protect” reporters from protesters. But the new FAA admissions prove that this was very far from the case.
“Any evidence that a no-fly zone was put in place as a pretext to exclude the media from covering events in Ferguson is extraordinarily troubling and a blatant violation of the press’s First Amendment rights,” Lee Rowland, of the American Civil Liberties Union said.
President Barack Obama even weighed in on the controversy, involving police targeting of reporters in Ferguson.
“Here in the United States of America, police should not be bullying and arresting reporters who are just doing their jobs. The local authorities, including police, have a responsibility to be transparent and open.”
But those words have no teeth if neither the government, nor the people are demanding consequences for police transgressions.



ARTICLE

Much to the dismay of police, a video is making its way throughout social media which shows Burlington, Vermont cops beating a restrained man. The officers were captured on a cellphone video punching the restrained suspect in the back of the head over and over, while demanding that onlookers stop recording the police brutality incident.
The officers can be heard yelling at onlookers to “turn it off” when the cops saw that they were being filmed. Those recording the incident of police brutality did not “turn it off.” Instead, as they continued to film, they recorded the two officers holding down a citizen who seemed so passive as to nearly appear unconscious from the outset of the recording.
Apparently officers didn’t think so, so for “good measure” one of them decided to repeatedly pound the subdued individual in the back of the head, with their face pressed against the concrete. Watch the video below and see for yourself how completely out of control the police were…

We contacted the Burlington Police Department, but after fifteen minutes on hold – only to be told that “we have no record of an arrest like that” – we were transferred to “Lt. Sullivan” who we were told would answer all of our questions. Lt. Sullivan, however, has not answered his phone, nor returned any messages we have left.
Help put the pressure on the Burlington Police Department to give us some answers about this incident of police brutality. They want the incident to just go away, but it’s up to us to make sure that doesn’t happen!
Contact the Burlington Vermont Police Department at:
1 North Ave
Burlington, VT
(802) 658-2704
Then don’t forget to SPREAD THE WORD and encourage everyone you know who believes they police must be held accountable for their actions to do the same!



ARTICLE

When Kim Nguyen called a cab after a few drinks, she thought she was on the right side of the law. But in spite of her best efforts, the 27-year-old pharmacist explains she was thrown from a police cruiser after Los Angeles police officers kidnapped and sexually assaulted her while she was waiting for that cab.
Part of the assault on Nguyen was captured on camera, as the young woman was filmed tumbling from a moving LAPD cruiser after being handcuffed and kidnapped while waiting for the cab she called.
Nguyen was just trying to get home in the early morning hours of March 17, 2013, but that’s not where her story ends. More on the latest developments in a minute. First, let’s make sure you understand just how serious her allegations against the LAPD are. Let’s start by taking a look at the video below:

Back in 2013, Nguyen explains that officers confronted her along with two male friends outside of a downtown Los Angeles restaurant at 2 am.
The group had been drinking and they knew they shouldn’t drive home. They were trying to do the right thing, making sure not to drink and drive.
But while waiting for the cab, officers told the men to leave them with Nguyen or they would be arrested. Once the men left, the rogue cops kidnapped Nguyen and assaulted her.
In the deposition taped last month it is alleged that the officer in the back of the cruiser with Nguyen had grabbed her left inner thigh. She resisted, but he forced her legs apart.
Then the officer grabbed her chest, and when she tried to push away, he grabbed her by the ear. In the struggle to get him off over her, she explains that officer negligence led to her being ejected from the vehicle at high speeds.
As a result of this, Nguyen spent two weeks in the hospital. Injuries sustained included having to have her jaw wired shut. She also lost all of her teeth from the impact on the street which was caught on video, after she was ejected from the cruiser.
Now, Nguyen has filed a lawsuit against the LAPD, alleging that officers failed to secure her with a seatbelt or lock her door properly. This, her attorney says, is what led to her being ejected from the car.
Nguyen’s attorney, Arnoldo Casillas was able to obtain surveillance footage of the incident. The video of the incident clearly shows Nguyen sprawled on the ground with her dress removed from the waist down.
The video (above) shows the patrol car speeding through a green light. “The video shows that the statement that the police officers gave the paramedics is an unabashed, unequivocal lie,” Casillas said during the press conference.
The LAPD say that they are “investigating,” but that investigation has never concluded. Still, the department says they “will ensure that Ms. Nguyen is made aware of the outcome of the investigation related to this incident,” whenever they finally conclude it.
In spite of all the evidence, there has been relatively little coverage of this lawsuit in the mainstream media.
Help us get the word out about this important issue. The more we remain quiet about these rogue cops, the more they will continue to take advantage of people like Nguyen!



ARTICLE

If you have followed our coverage of the John Crawford shooting in Beavercreek, Ohio then you probably have heard about the memo issued by the Greene County prosecutor to the Beavercreek Police Department concerning how police are to deal with 911 calls about people “open carrying” firearms. That memo was prompted by an encounter which Virgil Vaduva, a co-founder of the Dayton, Ohio Cop Block chapter, had in 2011 with the very same Police Department that shot and killed John Crawford last August in a local Walmart.
Now Virgil tells his story about what happened when police officers who were ignorant of the law confronted him in Beavercreek back in 2011, and how this is directly tied in with the shooting death of John Crawford. Virgil tells us the following account, which he first published in the Greene County Herald.
“On a cold evening on January 15, 2011 I was eating a burger with a friend at a small restaurant in Beavercreek, when three men with badges and guns interrupted our dinner and demanded with barking orders that we identify ourselves immediately.  Our supposed crime?  Carrying firearms openly; at least that’s what I assumed as the officers refused to tell us what crime we were being suspected of having committed and did not clearly communicate to me under what State law we were required to provide identification to them, and copies of our Concealed Carry permits.
“A few minutes earlier a man in the restaurant called 911 and told the operator that a “crazy looking European guy” has a gun on him.  A beard and a warm knitted hat apparently are qualifiers for “crazy looking” in this new United States of America.  The operator told him incorrectly that it was against the law to openly carry a gun in Ohio.  The sergeant on duty, Colmes, also gave the same incorrect information to the dispatcher, creating a very dangerous situation between two armed men having dinner and three armed police officers being dispatched to handle “crazy looking people” after a misleading and outright false 911 call.  You can listen to the January 15, 2011 calls and dispatch audio here. (Note: the video displays an incorrect time-stamp of 2010.  The correct year is 2011)
“As a result of this unpleasant and dangerous encounter in 2011, I wrote an article titled Local Police in Dire Need of Law Education, Good Manners.
“Why is this important?  Because unlike John Crawford III who was shot to death inside the Beavercreek Wal-Mart on August 5 2014, I lived through my encounter to tell my story of unprofessional, immature and outright illegal behavior of the Beavercreek Police Department that evening. Three years later, an encounter similar with the one I had with Beavercreek Police Department turned out to be deadly for someone else.  This could have been prevented, should the education and training promised in 2011 followed through.
To add to the injury of inaccurate statements promoted through the mainstream media by the Beavercreek Police, The Greene County Herald was able to establish first-hand that up until the point of the actual Police shooting, the Beavercreek Wal-Mart was a calm setting, directly contradicting statements from a 911 call that a dangerous man with a rifle was inside the store causing mayhem and intimidating other shoppers with the air-rifle.
“Accounts from one individual present in the store minutes before the shooting and at another individual who directly encountered John Crawford III immediately before the shooting, and made eye-contact with him while he was holding the rifle, directly contradict statements made by the 911 caller, the police and mainstream media reports published immediately after the incident.
“One witness explaining the circumstances to the Greene County Herald said,
‘I was also at Wal-Mart that night.  When I walked out to my car there were sirens already on their way (even though I didn’t know where they were headed.)  I was in that section of the store the entire time I was in there — ending at the place where the school sale stuff is, in the main aisle near pets and toys.  Anyway, no one acted strangely.  No one seemed in a hurry to leave.  There were two men dressed business casual near the checkout standing there who obviously worked for Wal-Mart.  They caught my eye and smiled at me.  When a woman entered the store and asked where electronics was, they directed her straight back.  They were not asking anyone to leave.  No one was rushing out of there.  I had no clue anything was out of the ordinary except the presence of those men.  I thought at the time maybe they were visiting district managers or something.  Now I am assuming they were plain clothes security, but I don’t know for sure.  But no one was being evacuated while I was in there.  I am glad I didn’t hear or see the shooting.’
“It appears that the store was a calm, safe and peaceful place until the Beavercreek Police Officers responded and started firing their weapons inside the store, without any thought as to where their bullets would end up, or whether or not other peaceful and innocent bystanders could be harmed or even killed by their actions.
“Another eyewitness to the shooting who was much closer to the events surrounding the death of Angela Williams, stated that he walked with his mother right past John Crawford III and they made eye-contact with him.  After noticing the rifle, his mother said “It probably isn’t even real” and they continued walking past him.  The eyewitness states that they did not feel in danger or even feared John Crawford III as he gave them no reason to do so.  Immediately after, Beavercreek Police came in and shot John Crawford III, causing Angela Williams to run away panicked from the scene and collapse and die.  According to this eyewitness, it was the action of the police, that created panic inside the store and caused Angela Williams to run away scared, not the actions of John Crawford III.  These statements contradict many initial police statements and statements made by mainstream media reports.
“We could continue to dissect the facts of the situation, but one thing has become very clear after the shooting of John Crawford III: the Beavercreek Police Department is comprised of dangerous and unaccountable individuals who continue to display a disregard for law, lack the necessary training to interact with law-abiding citizens in a proper manner and are too quick to pull the trigger on their service weapons, seeking to justify the shooting.
“It has become clear to me over the past two weeks that I could have very well been John Crawford III, shot to death in a Beavercreek burger joint because a 911 caller was offended by my legal carrying of a firearm and used exaggerated language to inflame the police attitude towards legal and open gun carrying.
“Yes, I have encountered the Beavercreek Police and lived to tell the story.  John Crawford III was not that lucky.”
Virgil was lucky enough to survive his encounter with the Beavercreek Police Department. His experiences prompted the same prosecutor who refused to indict Officer Sean Williams in the shooting death of Crawford, to instruct the BCPD in the law related to open carry. Still, this seems to have done little good when Ronald Ritchie made his fabricated 911 call, and police officers refused to confirm the details of the call with Walmart security before gunning Crawford down without asking him a single question.
If you believe it is time for the community to demand police accountability then help us SPREAD THE WORD about this story. The tide is turning in Beavercreek, Ohio with various members of the Police Department saying they are ready to get rid of Officer Williams, and just one week following Chief Evers announcing his retirement, after only two and a half years on the job. Let’s keep the pressure on these corrupt cops!



ARTICLE

Brandon Ellingson was going into his junior year of Business College at Arizona State University. His mother explains that he was planning to join the family business when he graduated. But all of that was cut short by police on the evening of May 31. That’s when Brandon drowned while in police custody. The Missouri Highway/Water Patrol of course claims they are not to blame for his death, but why has there still not been a full investigation?
On May 31st,  Brandon had been out with his friends who took a boat out on the Lake of the Ozarks in Missouri. Cops arrested him for “suspicion” of being intoxicated while on a boat.
Brandon was beyond respectful to the officers who were harassing him and his friends. But at the end of the day, that didn’t save his life.
Officers put him in handcuffs and strapped a poorly-fitting life preserver vest on him and then they sped away so fast that Brandon was thrown from the boat, into the lake, where he drowned.
The police didn’t even notice this and it wasn’t until a passing boat saw him that they notified the police who were responsible for his death.
In spite of their claims that they did nothing wrong, the Missouri Highway/Water Patrol never conducted a full investigation into his death.
People are coming together to demand justice for Brandon. They are calling on the Department of Justice hold the cops who were responsible for Brandon’s death accountable for their reckless actions.  Please join Brandon’s mother in demanding the Department of Justice investigate the Missouri Highway Patrol, specifically in regards to the death investigation of Brandon Ellingson, while in their custody. Sign her petition here and SPREAD THE WORD!
Stay tuned to Counter Current News and check Cop Block for incident report updates in this case!



ARTICLE

He says that it’s all a big misunderstanding: a mix-up. A former Oregon police officer says that the whole thing was just made up by his ex-wife. But the prosecution says there is ample evidence to support the allegations that former Beaverton Police Officer Christopher Warren raped a 5-year-old girl.
Christopher R. Warren, 34, of Vancouver, has been charged with first-degree child rape, for allegedly penetrating the girl with a pencil, according to Clark County Superior Court, Senior Deputy Prosecutor Camara Banfield.
Ernest Warren, the defense attorney for Warren, says that this is all a big misunderstanding and is based on lies told by Warren’s ex-wife, Dina Sanchez. As it turns out Ernest Warren and Christopher are related. The prosecution says that this defense is nonsense, and the rape allegations are actually related to why Sanchez left her ex-husband.
It’s not just Sanchez saying these things. The girl in making these allegations herself has remained consistent throughout the investigation.
The 5-year-old was interviewed on May 14, 2013, at Clark County Children’s Justice Center as well as when she met with her doctor. Her answers to questions and her recounting of details were identical both times.
Details of the abuse are disturbing to say the least. The girl told her doctor that Warren applied “medicine” to her, after Warren used a pencil to abuse her.
“It’s not true,” Ernest Warren said of the accusations of his client and relative. “Christopher Warren is innocent, innocent, innocent. We know this because Meliah [his current wife] was there, and she didn’t see this.”
But even by Warren’s admissions, his current wife Meliah was in the other room cooking dinner.
The Beaverton Police Department says that Warren has been fired twice from the department, according to police spokesman Officer Mike Rowe.
The first termination was in 2011 after an internal investigation discovered that he had lied in a 2009 criminal investigation. This was related to the sexual abuse of a minor when he was younger. Now, even after it has been determined that he lied in previous sexual abuse cases, this former cop wants the court and the public to believe that he is telling the truth this time and a 5-year-old girl just has it in for him.
But even after that first termination, Warren found himself reinstated by the department. The second time Warren was fired was in August of 2013, and it had nothing to do with the molestation charges. Instead, it occurred after Warren was indicted on charges of welfare fraud for receiving food stamps and welfare from Washington state, while being a resident of Oregon.
For all of the damage control being done by the Beaverton Police Department, they never actually fired him for allegedly abusing this girl. In fact, the department even kept him on after rehiring him, but kept him off of any sex crimes investigations. In 2010, Washington County District Attorney Bob Hermann told the department that Warren should not be involved in any sex abuse investigations, as “any prosecutions involving Officer Warren would be impacted and potentially compromised,” he explained in a letter to the department.
Warren’s trial started Monday. Stay tuned for follow-up coverage of this story.



ARTICLE

This week has seen the shocking announcements and rumors of resignation from police chiefs in Ferguson, Missouri, and in Beavercreek, Ohio alike. Both cites have been embroiled in controversy after police officers in each city shot and killed African American men who were unarmed. Now, nearly every major media outlet is claiming that Ferguson Chief Thomas Jackson will step down, following his former insistence that he would not. We have yet to hear back from Chief Jackson about this, but Fox, CNN and others are saying that his resignation is imminent.
In Ferguson, the shooting of Mike Brown, 18, has led to the town becoming a nationally-recognized name. Protests have continued virtually non-stop for months, since Brown was shot and killed by officer Darren Wilson on August 9.
The shooting in many ways initially overshadowed the killing of John Crawford, 22, in Beavercreek, Ohio by Officer Sean Williams, which happened only days before Brown was killed. While tensions boiled over in Ferguson, many remained unaware of the shooting of John Crawford, which Counter Current News was the first on the scene to report. Before national or local media arrived at the scene of the police shooting of Crawford, our citizen journalists were in the area, interviewing witnesses and Walmart employees.
Eventually Crawford’s murder began to gain increased local and national attention, with Anonymous eventually initiating #OpJohnCrawford to help activists tackle police brutality in the area, and demand police accountability. Groups ranging from the Ohio Student Association, to Cop Block and Ohio Open Carry, to religious organizations like the Hashlamah Project turned out protest after protest to demand justice for John Crawford.
Only two days after protesters swarmed the streets of Beavercreek last weekend, the Beavercreek Police Chief announced that he will be stepping down, after only two and a half years on the job.
Just after activists took flooded the public space outside of the Police Department, many of them took to the large intersection at Dayton-Xenia and Fairfield Rd. The busy intersection saw a massive protest that have members of Cop Block, Ohio Open Carry, Ohio Student Association, and many other organizations taking all corners of the intersection and the median to hold signs, chant messages of justice from a bullhorn, and pass out “Wanted” flyers of Officer Williams and Ritchie.
For his part, Chief Evers said his retirement plans are unrelated to these protests and the shooting of John Crawford, but for anyone paying attention, this seems to be the Chief’s only “exit strategy” after having refused even the three simple, and moderate demands of protesters demanding police accountability.
To illustrate this point, Evers has only been acting as the Police Chief since 2011, hardly an expected tenure before retiring. Chief Evers can say whatever he wants to save face, but his short time on the job before announcing retirement, following this scandal speaks louder than anything he could ever say.
Just one day following Chief Evers’ announcement, Ferguson Police Chief Thomas Jackson has said that he will step down as well. His resignation is thought to be part of the effort by city officials to reform the Police Department.
Local government officials claim that this is the result of talks between local, state and federal officials.
Under the tentative plan, the St. Louis County Police Chief will be asked to take over management of Ferguson’s police force after Chief Jackson steps down.
“Nobody in my chain of command has asked me to resign, nor have I been terminated,” Chief Jackson said, much like the statement made by Chief Evers in Beavercreek on Monday. Only last month, just weeks after the Justice Department announced it was investigating the Ferguson Police Department, Jackson said that he would not step down despite demands from the community.
It would seem that those demands are beginning to be heard, but critics say this is just a larger scale version of the classic “good cop/bad cop” police tactic: where the aggressive “bad cop” is followed by a softer, gentler “good cop,” but all with the same ends of manipulating a member of the community. What happens next remains to be seen, but it certainly seems like both departments and cities believe that a change in chiefs will quell the protests that have shown no signs of stopping in each respective city.



ARTICLE

Last weekend, the Springfield Police Department, along with the Clark County Sheriff’s Department and Ohio State Highway Patrol were in for a big surprise when members of a local “Cop Block” chapter turned up to warn drivers about the disturbing “sobriety” checkpoint that was set up.
The Clark County OVI Task Force told Counter Current News that their sobriety checkpoint was a “no refusal” inspection of drivers, to “make sure no one’s out drinking and driving,” according to an officer with the Springfield Police. The checkpoint was conducted at State Route 40 and State Route 68 in Clark County and began at 8:00 p.m.
At this “no refusal” checkpoint, every car was checked, regardless of the absence of any probable cause to stop and inspect.
Most disturbing to many citizens was the mention of forced blood extraction by a nurse who waited on standby for officers to give her the word. A media contact with the Sheriff’s Department told Counter Current News that they still have to obtain a warrant in order to take blood. But that is something that they were ready to do. If a driver refused to consent to a breathalyzer test or field sobriety test, then officers would call for a warrant and the restrained and arrested driver would then forcibly have their blood extracted by the nurse on standby at the checkpoint.
But after members of a local Dayton, Ohio Cop Block chapter set up down the street from this checkpoint, the Sheriff’s Department now says that they will no longer be involved with “No Refusal” checkpoints like this.
“If this is not a positive event then we need to find another way to do our job and create an environment of public safety, and I’m intending to do that,” Clark County Sheriff Gene Kelly said.
We contacted the State Highway Patrol and the Springfield Police Department, but both refused to comment on the record as to whether they would follow the lead of the Clark County Sheriff’s Department.
Watch the local report below:

To be clear, these checkpoints are about ticket revenue and power, not about protecting us from drunk drivers. Should your travel be interrupted, and your car and demeanor inspected by police when they have no probable cause that you have done anything wrong?
When we stand up to these bullying checkpoints, the police realize that the power rest in the hands of the people, not the police. This is a real example of activists forcing a change. Spread the word and let everyone know that speaking out can make a real difference in your community!



ARTICLE

Green County Prosecutor Stephen Haller refused to charge Officer Sean Williams when he shot and killed an African American man simply talking on the phone while holding a toy rifle in the Beavercreek, Ohio Walmart. As audacious as his refusal to seek justice for Crawford is, it is an even more flagrant disregard for Ohio state law when we consider the fact that Haller had issued a memo on “Open Carry” of firearms.
The memo was disseminated to “All Greene County Police Chiefs and Sheriff Fischer” of Greene County, where Beavercreek is located, after an encounter with the co-founder of a local Dayton, Ohio Cop Block chapter (part of the umbrella of Ohio Cop Block chapters), Virgil Văduva. Virgil is also the founder of Ohio Open Carry which organized the armed protest at the Walmart a little over a week ago.
The incident with Virgil brought the Beavercreek Police Department a lot of bad press, and embarrassment, as they harassed Văduva and demanded that he provide identification. He refused. The video circulated all over the world, leading to Beavercreek Police being briefed on the legality of open carry in the state of Ohio. This means that Officer Sean Williams was without any excuse. He knew the law when he opened fire on John Crawford.
The memo admonished all chiefs to inform their officers of the following points:
1. Open carry of a pistol, rifle or shotgun is absolutely legal in the State of Ohio, under the Ohio State Constitution, the Ohio Supreme Court and the Ohio Revised Code. Police must realize that this alone does not constitute a criminal offense.
2. An officer may ask for identification if they see someone open carrying, but the individual has no legal obligation to comply with this request.
3. If the information is volunteered, officers can run a check to make sure the person is eligible to own a firearm legally.
4. If the individual refuses, the officer cannot force nor compel them to identify themselves unless a crime is being committed.
5. Officers are to be reminded that there is no punishment for refusing to identify yourself to a police officer if no crime has been committed.
6. Officers can warn the individual that if public panic ensues, then this can result in a charge of disorderly conduct, but that open carry alone is not a violation of the law.
Officers with any questions were instructed to contact Haller for further information. We have obtained this document but no explanation as to why Haller then did not charge Officer Sean Williams, who should have followed the steps instructed in this memo, asking John Crawford for identification, running that identification if Crawford volunteered it, and otherwise leaving him alone.
It must be remembered that our citizen journalists who were at the scene of the shooting minutes after it took place, explain that all Walmart employees and witnesses were unanimous about the fact that no one fled the store before Officer Williams opened fire. This is supported by the Walmart security footage which shows the same thing. Therefore, Crawford could not even have been charged with disorderly conduct under Ohio law.

The real question is why Haller would issue this memo and then not abide by the law which he so clearly articulated to Greene County police officials. We have contacted Haller about this and he has refused to comment.
Stay tuned; this weekend will see the biggest protests yet at the Ohio state capital, demanding JUSTICE FOR JOHN CRAWFORD!



ARTICLE

Fernando Smith never thought that a trip to the movies with his son would result in his own arrest, and lead to police raiding his business. But that’s exactly what happened. Back on May 17th, at the Country Club Mall, in Cumberland, Maryland, Smith was confronted by a mall security guard who thought he was up to no good.
As it turned out, Smith was just giving his vehicle a minute to warm up – a quirk of his vehicle, as he explained to the security guard. That didn’t seem to matter much to the rent-a-cop, who promptly called the police.
When they arrived, the police demanded identification from Smith, who asserted his rights. He had been at the movie theater at the mall, and was a paying customer. That didn’t stop the police from charging him with Trespassing and “Disorderly Conduct.”
“I could have never imagined taking my 7 year old son out for dinner and a movie would lead to me being disrespected and arrested for trespassing and disorderly conduct right in front of him,” Smith explains.
He had forgotten his briefcase at work, one of two local car dealerships he owns. Realizing this, he had asked his secretary to bring his briefcase to him, so that he could continue spending time with his son.
“My secretary who was waiting for me to exit the movie to give me my briefcase.” But the mall cop thought that this looked like a drug deal, rather than a law abiding citizen being handed his property by his employee. Even after explaining what was going on, the rent-a-cop called the actual cops.
“Real cops arrive and immediately detained me and threatened to arrest me.”
That’s when Smith began recording the cops. Watch the video below…

On October 21st, Smith had his day in court. He beat the Trespassing charge but was convicted of “Disorderly Conduct” in spite of nothing disorderly being observed whatsoever.
Two days later, the West Virginia State Police with neighboring county sheriffs in Keyser, West Virginia, right next to Cumberland, Maryland raided his businesses.
They seized computers, cell phones – pretty much anything you would need to run a business. Since then, without invoices and records for his vehicles, he hasn’t effectively been able to run his businesses. In spite of the warrants served at his places of business, no illegal activity was determined to have occurred.
This is a clear instance of police harassment taken to an insane and mafia-like level. Don’t let these corrupt cops get away with it! Fernando was on Cop Block‘s Cop Rot Radio with Counter Current News tonight, discussing his case and calling on concerned citizens to help stand up against corrupt police and demand accountability. Help us get the word out about Fernando Smith’s case!



ARTICLE

Saturday a huge three-part protest kicked off a news series of #OpJohnCrawford actions, demanding justice for the 22-year-old African American who was gunned down by Beavercreek Police Officer Sean Williams.

The three-part action began with the Early Vote Block Party associated with the Ohio Student Association which has been central to many John Crawford actions. Shortly after that, several dozen activists took to the Walmart where John Crawford was shot and killed, chanting: “Walmart is no longer Walmart! Walmart’s a murder scene!” and “Watch the tape!”

Protesters were eventually asked by store security to take the protest to the sidewalk, off of store property.
The exchange between protesters and store representatives and security was polite on both sides. One of the organizers of today’s actions asked a Walmart representative whether the store management agrees with the protesters who turned out today or with Greene County and Beavercreek Police Chief Evers. The Walmart representatives all said that they had been instructed not to comment on the shooting.

While this exchange was going on, dozens more were already on the sidewalks and medians of the street. The storefront protesters rejoined them, handing out flyers apparently produced and circulated by #Action4JohnCrawford and #OpJohnCrawford Anonymous “hacktivists.”

From there, at around 2:30, the protest moved about four miles down the road to the Beavercreek Police Department, where activists from Cop Block, Ohio Student Association, Ohio Open Carry, the Hashlamah Project, and of course Anonymous let their voices be heard.


OSA activists and others were already there to meet the larger group that joined them. One of the organizers of the day’s actions took to the bullhorn, leading chants outside of the Police Department, which Beavercreek officers have now decided to keep locked, after the three-day long occupation of the lobby by activists, earlier this month.

From the Police Department, protesters returned to the major crossroads that lead to the tucked-away station.
From all corners of the street, Anonymous protesters, wearing the trademarked Guy Fawkes masks – many of them open carrying pistols as well – worked in conjunction with social justice activists from all backgrounds to pass out “WANTED” posters of Officer Sean Williams and the 911 caller Ronald Ritchie.

Organizers say that they are just getting started, with an all-day “Justice Fest” concert planned to raise awareness, educated and request donations for John Crawford’s family, and children.
Stay tuned, our reporters have their feet on the street in Beavercreek, Ferguson, and globally, reporting on what the mainstream, corporate media seems to want to help the police keep swept under the rug!



ARTICLE

A Canton, Ohio citizen has raised some pretty big allegations against Patrolman Thomas Hastings, Jr. Perhaps more surprising than the allegations themselves is the fact that Hastings is sitting at home on unpaid administrative leave, and the FBI has gotten involved.
The complaint alleges that Officer Hastings stole a man’s money during a traffic stop earlier in 2014. 
Canton Police Chief Bruce Lawver said in an interview with local FOX 8, “I did an initial investigation. At that time, I felt it was corroborated to the point that I automatically put him on administrative suspension.”
Unpaid administrative leave is a shift of gears from how officers are often treated when accusations of this nature (and worse) are raised against them. This alone seems to indicate that there is significant evidence of wrong-doing on behalf of Officer Hastings.
Chief Lawver said that 38-year-old Hastings was brought up on departmental charges of “theft, improper handling of evidence, falsification and deportment, for his alleged misconduct while on duty.” 
He added that his “heart breaks in a way, you know, everything in which you took an oath to, it’s being alleged that one of your members violated that.” 
Citizens of Canton say they are not surprised, and that this was not an isolated incident. Similar allegations had been circulating among Canton residents for years, but it wasn’t until this incident that the anecdotal claims were taken seriously. While the Chief did not tell us what was different this time, it would seem that the citizen has some sort of record or proof – possibly a video recording of the strong arm robbery.
Now the FBI is conducting a criminal investigation of Thomas Hastings. “The gravity of these charges is at the core of what we do, and it’s my responsibility and the department as a whole feel it’s important to maintain our integrity,” Lawver said. 
“We recognized that from his behavior as being criminal and that’s why we did request the FBI to investigate on a criminal level.”
Another reason why these allegations are being taken more seriously this time is that it isn’t the first time Officer Hastings has been accused of theft. In 2013, Hastings and other officers were accused of stealing a box of money, during a breaking and entering investigation. 
All of this raised the important question: how many other departments have officers like this who there just isn’t video evidence to bring up on charges? 
Watch the local report below and let everyone know about this rogue cop!



ARTICLE

Following a disturbing and disappointing meeting with Beavercreek Police Chief Dennis Evers, protesters for John Crawford blocked the doors at the Beavercreek Police Department. But in spite of this illegal civil disobedience, the police ended up standing down and not arresting a single protester. Here’s what our source in the Department told us…
After days of legally occupying the Beavercreek Police Department’s lobby, dozens of protesters turned out today for the meeting of Ohio Student Association representatives and Police Chief Dennis Evers.

There were around 60 in all, of all backgrounds and ages, who came to protest the August 5th police shooting of John Crawford, an unarmed African American father, holding a toy air rifle while talking on the phone at a local Walmart.
When Officer Sean Williams gunned down John Crawford in the Beavercreek, Ohio Walmart, early in August, two of our citizen journalists were on the scene within what amounted to minutes. We have run the details of the interviews they did with locals at the Walmart when the shooting happened, but last week, we also published a controversial interview with a source within the Beavercreek Police Department.

The same citizen journalists who were at the scene of the John Crawford shooting only minutes after it happened also explained to us that they personally know people within the Police Department due to overlapping interests.
We have naturally withheld the connection of our reporters from this report, so as to not compromise anonymity.

After the sit-in that blocked the Beavercreek Police Department, our reporters turned to one of these sources in the Beavercreek Police Department in particular. This source told us, early on – when we were the first to identify the single shooter of Crawford – the specific name and history of Officer Sean Williams.
We published this information long before any of this was public knowledge, as well as the fact that he had killed before, in fact being the only Beavercreek officer to have killed anyone in the line of work in the history of the department.
Our journalists turned to these sources again about this case.
Our reporters had been on the scene of the sit-in, clarifying and fact-checking early reports by local News 7 erroneously said that some protesters had been arrested, but that was far from the case. Some in attendance even seemed to taunt the police. A local Dayton area Cop Block chapter leader asked the police why they weren’t arrested the people who shut down the Police Department. The police officers approached would not answer. When asked if they were planning on arresting the protesters, the officers confronted unanimously said: “no comment.”

As our citizen reporters were temporarily leaving the Police Department, they saw two officers behind the department in police uniforms, with gloves on and their hands grasping around two dozen plastic zip ties for mass arrests. But with the element of surprise lost, as these citizen journalists then informed the rest of the protesters, police seemed change their plans.
Around 4:30 pm, the same two officers had moved to the major intersection with Dayton-Xenia Road, and were meeting with other officers who had pulled up in unmarked cars. Some reported that Greene County Sheriffs vans had pulled in behind the station as well. But now, after the official closing time for the Police Department, the police have still refused to move in and arrest.
At one point, the father of Officer Sean Williams, the shooter who killed John Crawford, came by in his own police cruiser. The two both work at the same department. The senior Officer Williams pulled up in his K-9 Unit cruiser and allowed his German Shepherd dog to bark aggressively at the social justice protesters. He then parked the cruiser near the entrance that was being barricaded apparently implying a threat that he would turn the canine loose on the protesters.

But after the officers had been spotted, they regrouped with other officers behind the department building.
Just around the corner from where Sean William’s father had parked the K-9 cruiser, we saw the police who were hiding behind a tree had regrouped with others, planning their next moves…

But they never actually made those moves. So we asked our source why they backed down from the arrests. Here’s what they told us:
“I am not privy to all of the details, but I will tell you that while there was some discussion, I don’t [personally] think anyone was ever going to get arrested. The Department is out of the way for many reasons. But one is that you can protest there all day and no one will know unless they know. It was an inconvenience, but at the end of the day, Chief told you that he’s gonna do whatever-the-hell he wants anyway. So you packed up, you went home. That’s what he knew would happen. He’s just hoping it all blows over and fizzles out. If arrests would have been made, it would have brought more attention to this. He [the Chief] just wants this to go away – I just want this to go away. But we disagree on what that means for Sean. I don’t think this can or even should go away until he is off the streets for good. Then we can get back to doing our jobs.”
Help us get the word out! The Beavercreek Police eventually backed down from making any arrests that day because they want and expect the momentum to die down. But activists tell us the movement to bring justice for John Crawford is just getting started!
Whatever happens next is up to you!



ARTICLE

By Cassius Methyl, from our friend TheAntiMedia:
The roads in Doncaster, UK are cracked and full of potholes and the city council refused to fix them for decades.
After members of the community put together €6,000 to fix a road and turn some of the potholes into speed bumps, the city council decided  to respond by digging up the fixed roads.
Not only that, but the council says they will have anyone who tries to fix them or prevent them from being dug up, arrested.
The residents asked the workers who were sent to dig up their road to stop, and the workers stopped out of respect, so the council got upset and threatened to arrest the residents.
This is a perfect example of the dysfunctional nature of bureaucratic big government.
A news article said,
“Children in one family were sent to school with plastic bags on their feet due to the mud and dust thrown up by vehicles was so bad that residents had to keep their windows shut in the height of summer.”
The city council previously claimed they had no jurisdiction over the roads and used that as the reason they did not fix them, but when residents fixed the problem themselves, they were told the council had the power to dig up their work and arrest anyone who resisted.
A 66 year-old man who lived there for 20 years with his wife said,
“The council have always said it is an unadopted road and not their responsibility. It doesn’t make sense that we’ve been complaining to them for decades to get the road fixed and yet after one complaint and no investigation they come and start digging up our new road.”
“Now they are happy for the road that the residents put in to stay but are saying the road is theirs and the bumps have to go. Does that mean they are going to now foot the bill for the work that has already been done? We feel completely let down by the council.”
This may be a perfect way to demonstrate the dysfunctional nature of the state, and could be used as a perfect incident to illustrate the functionality of the community vs. the functionality of the state when it comes to doing things for a neighborhood.
On that note, please share this article with as many people as possible, especially people who still think the state functions better to solve problems than a community of people acting voluntarily.



ARTICLE

A startling new video has surfaced which documents a New York City police officer robbing a citizen at gun point of $1,300 in cash. After the man protested the theft during this “stop and frisk” pat down, the officer in question pepper sprayed him and left with the money.
The Brooklyn district attorney’s office is currently investigation this crime. The attorneys for Lamard Joye, the man in the film who is being frisked, robbed and assaulted in violation of his Fourth Amendment Constitutional rights, explained that the footage demonstrates disturbing conduct not just on the part of the one officer.
The offending officer has yet to be named by the New York Police Department. But the most disturbing thing is that his fellow officers have insulated him from prosecution and arrest for this crime.
“One of the most disturbing things about the video is the other cops standing around watching and doing nothing to stop the wrongdoing,” attorney Robert Marinelli said.
The NYPD says that the incident occurred on September 16th when officers were dispatched to a claim that a man had gun.
This man had no gun, but he did have cash, and that was good enough for the officer who made off with it.
“When officers arrived at the scene, they encountered numerous people at the location. As a result of the allegations, the matter is under investigation by the Internal Affairs Bureau and CCRB,” a Civilian Complaint Review Board, the NYPD said to the New York Times.
According to Marinelli, his client was never arrested and had committed no crime. This was an armed robber by the police, plain and simple.
“I believe that this officer made an assumption that any money Mr. Joye possessed was obtained illegally and therefore he would not report the theft,” Marinelli said.
“This assumption was wrong. Mr. Joye is a hardworking taxpayer. An incident like this would never occur in a more affluent section of the city.”
Watch the video and see for yourself:

Video footage was recorded by an eyewitness, on a cell phone.
“Gimme my money!” Joye can be heard yelling at the officer who pocketed the cash, before the citizen was pepper-sprayed.
“How ya gonna take his money?” “That’s robbery” one bystander said.
“Get his badge number,” another onlooker can be heard saying.
These NYPD controversial “Stop and Frisk” tactics have resulted in many such thefts according to hundreds in the community who have reported similar stories, but not had the ability to document the police robberies. Help SPREAD THE WORD to raise awareness about this criminal activity, by the largest GANG in New York City!



ARTICLE

The Mayor of Santa Ana, Miguel Pulido cancelled Tuesday night’s City Council meeting and it was all over a hat that one activist was wearing.
The mayor ordered that the council chambers be cleared because the activist refused to remove his hat that made an obscene statement directed at police. The officers in the chambers were in an uproar and tried to physically intimidate those present, even denying the rights of those there who had no similar attire on.
Everyone was ordered out.
The activist was a 22-year-old member of CopWatch Santa Ana, who said that his name is Bijan. He wore the hat, reading “Fuck the Police” for what he explained were a variety of reasons, but most importantly because it was an issue of Constitutionally-protected speech. Still, the officers on site apparently didn’t get the memo about protected speech.
Pulido ordered Bijan declared the hat a threat to decorum, and ordered the man to remove it with the threat of police physical force if he refused to comply.
Bijan ignored the order.
That’s when Mayor Pulido ordered everyone out. But the activists in the chambers refused, saying they were there to confront police brutality.
Watch the video and see what went down…

After the third warning to disperse, which was ignored by the activists who knew their rights, Mayor Pulido cancelled the meeting altogether.
As the activists stood together, police were afraid to arrest them all.
A CopWatch activist “Amaru” read a statement, declaring that police officers in Santa Ana are merely enforcing a system of inequality and marginalized of “undesirable” ethnicities and classes.
“CopWatch Santa Ana knows that the main function of police has very little to do with crime, or enforcing the law, and is more directed at maintaining existing social inequality, especially those based on race and class,” Amaru explained.
Bijan explained that this stemmed from an illegal police stop and arrest of himself and friends for “loitering” when they were on the sidewalk, informing people about a police checkpoint which violated their Fourth Amendment, Constitutional rights.
If you agree the police have gone too far, then pass this on to someone else who cares and wants to see things change!



ARTICLE

He was described by a 911 caller as a gun wielding maniac. Orlando Police arrived on the scene last week and began opening fire. They hit the man, Kody Roach, 23, leaving him paralyzed. But now Roach is facing murder charges for the stray bullets of the officers who sprayed wildly at bystanders.
Roach was shot outside of the Vixen Bar on Orange Avenue in downtown Orlando early in the morning on August 19th.
Officer Angel first shot his Taser, but Roach’s loose clothes, prevented the weapon from taking effect, according to the affidavit.
After that, Roach reportedly reached for his waistband with his right hand.
“In order to prevent an armed individual from causing harm to any members of the public or to any of the surrounding officers, Ofc. Sanguino discharges his firearm nine times striking Roach at least five times,” the affidavit says.
Roach was in fact armed with a .40 caliber Ruger pistol. But the gun was not loaded. The illegal weapon had been stolen in fact, and Roach is almost certainly the culprit who stole it.
But all of that is aside from the fact that Fernanda Godinez was hit in the shoulder by police bullets that were being sprayed faster than they could be aimed.
Officers Sanguino and Angel are currently on administrative leave, as the Florida Department of Law Enforcement investigates the shooting.
But Roach is now facing a charge of first-degree felony murder due to police shooting Godinez.
“As a result of Roach’s actions, an individual was killed therefore probable cause exist to further charge Roach with first degree felony murder,” the arrest affidavit says.



ARTICLE

The St. Louis police have shot yet another African American teen. This time, the victim was said to have been holding a sandwich that looked like a gun to the officer who opened fire 17 times.
The shooting took place near the popular Missouri Botanical Garden. It has led to hours of protests over night, on into Thursday morning.

 
Protesters are comparing the shooting to that of Mike Brown, which led to the nearby city of Ferguson, Missouri erupting in months of protests against the police shooting the unarmed African American teen who has now become a household name.
St. Louis Police Chief Sam Dotson said that this latest shooting occurred while the officer was off-duty, working as private security. He confirmed that the victim was 18-year-old and African American. He also said that no arrests have been made.
Police sources even went so far to say that the unarmed teen “opened fire” on the officer, but other sources, including the family of young Vonderrit Myers Jr., 18, said that he had no weapon whatsoever, and that none was retrieved from the scene of the homicide.
Teyonna Myers, 23, explained that Myers was her cousin and that “he was unarmed.”
“He had a sandwich in his hand, and they thought it was a gun. It’s like Michael Brown all over again.”
When questioned about this, Assistant Police Chief Alfred Adkins changed the official police story and said the teen jumped from some bushes and struggled with the officer. The story sounds almost identical to the defense that George Zimmerman used in court, when he was on trial for the murder of unarmed African American teenager Trayvon Martin.
Police confirmed that the officer fired 17 times at the teen.
Contrary to what the family says, Police said they recovered a 9mm Ruger from the scene, but his family says that it was planted and likely from the police evidence locker. They affirm that they know without question that Myers did not have any weapon and was simply eating a sandwich, crossing the street
Dotson further jabbed that the 18-year-old “was no stranger to law enforcement.”
Police also refused identify the officer.



ARTICLE

Following a disturbing and disappointing meeting with Beavercreek Police Chief Dennis Evers Protesters are blocking the doors at the Beavercreek police department.
After days of occupying the Beavercreek Police Department, dozens of protesters turned out today for the meeting of Ohio Student Association representatives and Police Chief Dennis Evers.

There were around 60 in all, of all backgrounds and ages, who came to protest the August 5th police shooting of John Crawford, an unarmed African American father, holding a toy air rifle while talking on the phone at a local Walmart.

Protesters are still coming in waves to sit in, but the verdict seems to be in: Police are refusing to arrest the two dozen protesters.

Early reports by local News 7 erroneously said that some protesters had been arrested, but that was far from the case. Some in attendance even seemed to taunt the police. A local Dayton area Cop Block chapter leader asked the police why they weren’t arrested the people who shut down the Police Department. The police officers approached would not answer. When asked if they were planning on arresting the protesters, the officers confronted unanimously said: “no comment.”

As some citizen reporters were temporarily leaving the Police Department, they saw two officers behind the department in police uniforms, with gloves on and their hands grasping around two dozen plastic zip ties for mass arrests. But with the element of surprise lost, as these citizen journalists then informed the rest of the protesters, police seemed change their plans.
Around 4:30 pm, the same two officers had moved to the major intersection with Dayton-Xenia Road, and were meeting with other officers who had pulled up in unmarked cars. Some reported that Greene County Sheriffs vans had pulled in behind the station as well. But now, after the official closing time for the Police Department, the police have still refused to move in and arrest.
At one point, the father of Officer Sean Williams, the shooter who killed John Crawford, came by in his own police cruiser. The two both work at the same department. The senior Officer Williams pulled up in his K-9 Unit cruiser and allowed his German Shepherd dog to bark aggressively at the social justice protesters. He then parked the cruiser near the entrance that was being barricaded apparently implying a threat that he would turn the canine loose on the protesters.

Stay tuned for the latest, up to the minute reports and photos from our citizen journalists in Beavercreek!



ARTICLE

After days of occupying the Beavercreek Police Department, dozens of protesters turned out today for the meeting of Ohio Student Association representatives and Police Chief Dennis Evers.
There were around 60 in all, of all backgrounds and ages, who came to protest the August 5th police shooting of John Crawford, an unarmed African American father, holding a toy air rifle while talking on the phone at a local Walmart.

Protesters have been occupying the Beavercreek Police Department since Monday, leading up to today’s meeting at 1:00 pm. Activists were singing and chanting as members of the OSA met with Chief Dennis Evers.
The group told Chief Evers their three basic demands. Organizer Malaya Davis says that the protesters have three demands.
1. They want Officer Williams removed from the police force.
2. They want a complete overhaul of the police training materials that they blame for the militarized police response to Crawford doing nothing illegal.
3. Finally, Davis explains, “we want to really start a conversation around how we fundamentally shift the power dynamics and relationship between law enforcement and community. Law enforcement ranging from police officers to sheriff to county prosecutor.”
Additionally, they are asking why the 911-caller, Ronald Ritchie, a Riverside resident, has not been arrested for making false claims to the emergency operator and inducing panic. There was some talk about possibly picketing Ritchie’s residence, as well as the home of Officer Sean Williams, who pulled the trigger, killing John Crawford.
Watch the video below…

Chief Evers turned down each and every one of these demands, leading to protesters literally blocking the police station and turning away people who tried to enter, saying “the Beavercreek Police were refusing to do their jobs, so we decided to shut down the department.”

Stay tuned for the latest, up to the minute reports and photos from our citizen journalists in Beavercreek!



ARTICLE

Protesters demanding justice for John Crawford are sitting in at the Beavercreek, Ohio Police Department around the clock until the police chief meets with them.
Police chief Dennis Evers is being asked to answer for why officer Sean Williams has not been arrested, even after the surveillance footage of the shooting proves that Crawford had broken no law whatsoever when Officer Williams opened fire.
“Occupy the Beavercreek Police Department” protesters are coming in waves, but around ten of the activists who we met with say they are planning on staying over night. Others planned to return in the morning with more food and supplies.

Occupiers say they were told that Chief Evers refused to meet with them over and over until they were left with no choice but to sit in and wait for a meeting with him. After a long day of sitting in and embarrassing the suburban Ohio police force, Chief Evers agreed to meet with the group Wednesday at 1:00 pm.
Protesters aren’t taking him at his word and said they will wait right there in the Beavercreek Police Department lobby until that meeting actually happens.

Organizer Malaya Davis says that the protesters have three demands.
1. They want Officer Williams removed from the police force.
2. They want a complete overhaul of the police training materials that they blame for the militarized police response to Crawford doing nothing illegal.
3. Finally, Davis explains, “we want to really start a conversation around how we fundamentally shift the power dynamics and relationship between law enforcement and community. Law enforcement ranging from police officers to sheriff to county prosecutor.”
“An occupation is the way that we’re going to try to force these demands to at least be heard and be taken into consideration,” Davis added.

Another organizer, Darsheel Kaur, says she grew up in Beavercreek. She adds that “As a community organizer it’s hard for me, I want to do something with community support but at the same time I think we have to broaden the sense of community in this point.”

“We’ve been calling ourselves the Concerned Citizens because there’s people from all around, different ages, cultures, backgrounds, races. A lot of people have been supporting us. I think people are ready to start working together in a new way. I think it’s a very hopeful situation in terms of community transformation.”

Davis added, “People were looking to our leadership to really make sure that justice is being served–and what the community deems is justice, not what the justice system has deemed as justice.”
Stay tuned, our citizen journalists are on the ground and reporting from each of the protests in Beavercreek, Ohio.



ARTICLE

A South Carolina state trooper was captured on dashcam video, shooting an unarmed African American man who he had pulled over for not wearing a seatbelt. 
The trooper, Sean Groubert, shot Levar Jones right after he told him to go back to his vehicle and get his drivers license. 
Officer Groubert was arrested Wednesday and is being charged with assault and battery of a high and aggravated nature.
The dashcam video clearly shows Groubert shooting Jones outside of a convenience store in Richland County, South Carolina. The incident occurred on September 4th. 
Jones, 35, reached for his license, only after Groubert told him to, then instantly began shooting and yelling “get out of the car.”
Jones who was unarmed. He was shot in the hip and can be heard in the video saying “I just got my license. You said get my license.”
Watch this disturbing video and pass it on. Racism is alive and well in the United States.




ARTICLE

The protests started at the Walmart in Beavercreek only days after 22-year-old John Crawford was shot and killed by police for holding a BB gun he had planned to purchase at the store.
The protests for justice turned to vigils, and then marches, first to the Beavercreek Police Department. Now while the grand jury convenes, protests are planned outside the courthouse throughout the process.
The protest began with an 11-mile march this week being dubbed “The Freedom Walk.” It began on Monday, at the Beavercreek Walmart where Crawford shot and killed by police as he stood holding the toy pellet gun.
The march ended at the courthouse in Xenia, followed by another demonstration.
Hundreds turned out, singing and chanting: “Ain’t nobody gonna walk all over me,” as they approached the Greene County Courthouse.
“We who believe in justice cannot rest,” they sang later.
“Tell me what democracy looks like!” shouted Bishop Cox, “This is what democracy looks like!” the group shouted back.
“We demand justice. We will not settle for anything less,” Cox, the President of Dayton Chapter of SCLC, continued.
“When it boils down, John Crawford was murdered over a toy,” one protester, David Ross, explained.
“Remaining peaceful is the key if anything else elevates above that then we’re no different from the police officers that committed this heinous crime,” Ross continued.
“The scary thing is it could’ve been me,” OSA spokesperson Amaha Sellassie added. “I want a society where everybody feels safe, everybody feels valued, everybody feels respected. Moments like these times we really need to pull together to really examine what we can do to improve these race relations.
“It is time our justice system reflects these core system and values and not only for black youth but for all youth,” Sellassie concluded.
Protests were planned throughout the Grand Jury process. But today, at 11:30 am,  the special Greene County Grand Jury declined to hand down an indictment against two police officers involved in the Beavercreek Walmart shooting.
This grand jury was composed of nine jurors, and there needed to be at least seven jurors in agreement to indict. The jury, however, declined to indict Sergeant David Darkow and Officer Sean Williams on any criminal charges.
Stay tuned, as the calls for justice for John Crawford are not dying down in Ohio! SPREAD THE WORD, because there’s NO JUSTICE in Greene County, Ohio – JUST US!



ARTICLE

When a SWAT team broke down Jacob Elliott’s door at his home in Peoria, Illinois, he had no idea what he had done wrong. Back in April the four SWAT cops who invaded Elliott’s house said they were looking for the what they called the “source of a parody Twitter” feed that had upset the town’s mayor.
One of Elliott’s housemates, Jon Daniel, created a fake Twitter account, @peoriamayor. It made the real-life mayor, Jim Ardis, so angry – with claims that he was immersed in make-believe drug binges and sex orgies – that the mayor literally had the police dispatched to come after him.
To make matters more problematic, SWAT cops found marijuana and related paraphernalia, then slapped Elliott with felony charges of marijuana possession.
Now, a Peoria judge just ruled this week that the police were right to raid Elliot’s house.
Why? The judge claims that a “false personation” law making it illegal to pass yourself off as any public official, justified the militarized SWAT response.
Judge Thomas Keith said that there was “probable cause” that police would find Twitter feed on computers or flash drives, and thus they had carte blanche to rip the house apart and prosecute for anything illegal they found therein.



ARTICLE

An Iranian court just sentenced seven people involved in the making of a video where they danced to singer Pharrell Williams’ hit “Happy” in a viral video, earlier this year.

A defense attorney explained on Wednesday that six of the defendants were sentenced to six months in jail and were told they would receive 91 lashes with a whip. As well, a seventh defendant would receive a year in prison along with the same beating.
The attorney explained that the courts then suspended the sentence for three years, saying that if they do not commit any similar crimes of public dancing over the next three years, the sentence will not be carried out.
Farshid Rofugaran told the IranWire news site that he had not received official notification yet, and that the defendants have not yet decided whether they will appeal the verdict or not.
“We can accept the verdict or appeal,” Rofugaran explained.
“I will do what my clients want me to do. We are happy that both the prison sentences and the lashes are suspended.”
The Iranian State claimed that the viral video was “vulgar” breach of the Islamic Republic’s values.
It was originally uploaded back in April, but after it gained in popularity online, Tehran police chief Hossein Sajedinia said that those involved in making the video were accused of having “hurt” the country’s strict moral codes.
Pharrell Williams commented after the arrest, saying on Twitter and Facebook that, “It’s beyond sad these kids were arrested for trying to spread happiness.”
Even the fairly moderate Iranian President Hassan Rouhani seemed to send a message of support Wednesday night, tweeting “Happiness is our people’s right. We shouldn’t be too hard on behaviors caused by joy.”
Rouhani, it should be noted, constitutionally has no power over Iran’s judiciary.



ARTICLE

A Vatican vehicle was recently stopped at a French checkpoint with four kilos of cocaine inside the diplomatic car. The drugs were worth an estimated street value of $817,000.
Two Italian citizens driving the Vatican Jaguar allocated to Cardinal Jorge Melia, were arrested and the drugs were confiscated.
Cardinal Jorge Melia, a 91-year-old Argentinian, is the Vatican’s official emeritus librarian. He is currently recovering from a heart attack.
A Vatican spokesman said that the Cardinal was not involved in the drug trade in any way, according to the news agency Imedia.
The secretary of the Cardinal gave the car to the two men, according to the Vatican, so that they could service it. They say that they had no idea the two would use the vehicle to transport drugs.
The two are said to have taken advantage of car’s Vatican registration plates, allowing them to drive, relatively unhindered, to Spain. They though that they would be able to pass all check points with diplomatic immunity.
But at a toll station near Chambery in the French Alps, police searched the vehicle and found 150 grams of marijuana along with suitcases full of cocaine.
This comes as Pope Francis has recently been speaking out more than previous popes on what he calls the “scourge” of drug us, saying that “Drug use is an evil and against evil there can be no yield or compromise.”



ARTICLE

The NAACP is requesting that the Justice Department file hate crime charges against an Oklahoma City police officer. The cop in question is accused of raping eight African American women. Because all of the victims are African American, the NAACP argues that this serial criminal activity should be viewed as racially motivated.
The officer is a former Eastern Michigan University Football player, Daniel Ken Holtzclaw. A 27-year-old Oklahoma City police officer today, he is still said to frequently recount his glory days on the field. But now he is being asked to recount the details of his criminal activity to investigators.
Holtzclaw is said to have threatened his victims with arrest if they refused to have sex with him. The officer, however, didn’t seem to think this was actually rape until he was arrested and charged with the crime last Friday.
Now Holtzclaw has been brought up on several criminal counts. Two of those are  counts of first degree rape, with four additional counts of forcible oral sodomy, and four more counts of sexual battery.
The African American victims ranged, between 34 and 58 years old. 
One victim told police that Holtzclaw actually broke into her home back in March, then kicked her boyfriend out at gun point, and then raped her.
The Oklahoma police have tripped over themselves to defend Holtzclaw, even starting a fundraiser for the rapist cop.
The Oklahoma City Fraternal Order of Police has released an official statement coming out in full support of Officer Holtzclaw
While Holtzclaw’s bail is set at $5 million, his attorney has requested a reduction. Supporters are flooding accounts set up for his legal fees, which may or may not be enough to help him make bail.

While the huge number of victims is astonishing, District Attorney for Oklahoma County, David Prater, said that he actually expects more women to come forward and file charges against Officer Holtzclaw.



ARTICLE

It has been thirty years since two African American men were wrongly convicted of raping and murdering an 11-year old girl in Lumberton, North Carolina.
Now, the two of them are free, after DNA evidence proved the wrong men had been convicted.
This Tuesday a judge ordered the two half-brothers Henry Lee McCollum, 50, and Leon Brown, 46 to be released from prison.
In addition to the DNA evidence, which now has implicated another man who lived a block from the location where the girl’s body was located, it was determined that police coerced confessions from the two men – both of whom happen to be mentally disabled. Both were also teenagers at the time of their convictions.
These coerced confessions were the only evidence against them.
To add insult to injury, Roscoe Artis, the man who is now suspected of committing rape and murder, had already confessed to committing a similar crimes around the very same time. So why did police ever focus on these two brothers?
Those who attended the announcement by the judge broke out in applause when the reversal was read:
“We waited all these long years for this,” James McCollum, the father of the man released from death row, exclaimed.
Adding to the injustices in the American legal system that this story highlights, back in 1994 the Supreme Court actually refused to review the case. Justice Antonin Scalia even described it as “hard to argue against the death penalty” for the two men.
When even the Supreme Court of the land cannot see the problem, then what hope do so-called “minority” communities have of receiving justice in smaller, local courts?
Watch the video report below and let others know about this important story, and what it says about the INJUSTICE SYSTEM!




