ARTICLE

Anonymous Just Issued a Message to the North Dakota Governor Over DAPL Home » Activism » Anonymous Just Issued a Message to the North Dakota Governor Over DAPL October 30, 2016 | admintam Pin 26 
( ANONEWS ) Anonymous warns the governor to back off or they will release documents showing the conflict of interest and then goes on to say that if one protestor on the Indian side is harmed, Anonymous will 'release docs on' the individuals responsible. 'We decided to stand with the Native Americans whose land you raped, whose sacred lands you destroyed.' 'We know where you live. Everyone you know. And everything there is to know about you.' 
While translating that threat—which extends to individual Guardsmen—is perilous, according to Anonymous, it has in the past involved monkey wrenching individual credit ratings, cancelling credit cards—electronic mischief ranging from embarrassing to harmful. 
This article ( Anonymous Just Issued a Message to the North Dakota Governor Over DAPL ) is free and open source. You have permission to republish this article under a Creative Commons license with attribution to Anonews.co . Anti-Media Radio airs weeknights at 11pm Eastern/8pm Pacific. Image credit: AntiMedia. If you spot a typo, email . 

ARTICLE

Pin 1 
( ANTIMEDIA ) When it comes to brute force, law enforcement and private security currently have the upper hand on the ground in Standing Rock, North Dakota. They're employing armored vehicles, riot gear, tasers, rubber bullets, pepper spray, sound cannons, and other shows of force against peaceful opposition to the Dakota Access Pipeline. 
But unlike most of the corporate media, the Internet is taking note of the struggle at Standing Rock and is trying to do its part to contribute to the protests. Over the weekend, unconfirmed reports emerged that police were using Facebook check-ins at Standing Rock to track individuals who arrived at the location to join water protectors. 
As word spread of the apparent news, the Internet stepped up to neutralize the power of the police-surveillance state. 
Shortly after, Facebook users from around the country and world began checking into Standing Rock, which registers as Cannon Ball, North Dakota, in an effort to confuse police. According to a statement many posters are copying and pasting: 
' The Morton County Sheriff's Department has been using Facebook check-ins to find out who is at Standing Rock in order to target them in attempts to disrupt the prayer camps. SO Water Protectors are calling on EVERYONE to check-in at Standing Rock, ND to overwhelm and confuse them. This is concrete action that can protect people putting their bodies and well-beings on the line that we can do without leaving our homes. ' 
Others merely checked in while still others added their own commentary. ' If you are neutral in situations of injustice, you have chosen the side of the oppressor ,' wrote Patrick Quinn below his check-in. 
' Messing with fascists ,' Luba Petrusha commented. 
While the troll effort is exciting, it's unclear whether the efforts are having an effect. According to Snopes, a self-described fact-checking blog whose conclusions are generally reliable , police claim they are not using Facebook to track protesters. Snopes reported ' [a Morton County] officer explained not only that they were not using Facebook check-ins as a gauge of anything, but that the metric presented no intelligence value to them. The rumor suggested that protesters cited Facebook check-ins as a manner in which police could target them, but check-ins were voluntary — and if police were using geolocation tools based on mobile devices, remote check-ins would not confuse or overwhelm them.' Sign up for the free Anti-Media newsletter the establishment doesn't want you to receive 
Snopes also claimed it spoke to protesters within a large camp at Standing Rock who said they did not issue a call to Internet users to check in. Nevertheless, they reportedly said they appreciated the show of solidarity. 
Regardless of whether or not the online check-ins have any effect, the Internet has played a decisive role in the developing events in North Dakota. Livestreams have documented serious violations of free speech and the right to protest, and Facebook was accused of blocking such footage on at least one occasion. Amid the ongoing lack of mainstream coverage , the independent media has successfully drawn attention to the Standing Rock protests. 
Considering the establishment has come out in full force in North Dakota, from their use of surveillance to their haphazard employment of heavily armed police, the increasing number of check-ins at Standing Rock shows just how much technology empowers people. 
Even if police aren't scouring social media and the check-ins fail to produce any tangible result, the rapid mobilization of efforts highlights a growing sense of opposition to unjust and exploitative power — and thanks to the Internet, the world is watching. 
This article ( Here's Why Everyone on Facebook Is Checking into Standing Rock, North Dakota ) is free and open source. You have permission to republish this article under a Creative Commons license with attribution to Carey Wedler and theAntiMedia.org . Anti-Media Radio airs weeknights at 11 pm Eastern/8 pm Pacific. If you spot a typo, please email the error and name of the article to . 

ARTICLE

Pin 12 
( ANTIMEDIA ) Months before President George W. Bush's speech on September 11, 2002, the New York Times reported at the time, White House officials confirmed the Bush administration had already been ' [planning its Iraq strategy] long before President Bush's vacation in Texas ' in August of that same year. 
The strategy was to persuade the public and Congress that the United States and its allies should confront the 'threat from Saddam Hussein .' 
The now infamous 9/11 anniversary speech — and the speech before the United Nations following the anniversary remarks — both stressed the importance of ' [ridding] the world of terror. ' But before speaking to the United Nations, Bush made the clearest case for war. 
Claiming ' our principles and our security are challenged today by outlaw groups and regimes that accept no law of morality and have no limit to their violent ambitions ,' Bush presented his case against Iraq, claiming Hussein had only ' contempt for the United Nations … [claiming] it had no biological weapons. ' 
Making the case that Iraq had a clandestine ' weapons program … producing tens of thousands of litres of anthrax and other deadly biological agents for use with Scud warheads, aerial bombs and aircraft spray tanks ,' Bush and his administration sold the invasion of Iraq with lies . How the Bush Administration and the Media Sold the Iraq War 
In 2003, Bush's secretary of state, Colin Powell, laid out Bush's rationale for war in Iraq, saying Iraq had been given several chances to 'comply' with U.N. resolutions regarding the country's possession of weapons of mass destruction. 
He added that America had 'proof' the Hussein regime had 'evacuated' — not destroyed — its weapons, adding that the U.S. government had ' satellite photos that indicate[d] that banned materials [had] recently been moved from a number of Iraqi weapons of mass destruction facilities. ' But what the media then failed to dig into was how the evidence presented by Powell had been introduced in a way that helped the administration make the case for war, even as Powell himself knew — or at least seemed to know — that there was a possibility they were putting ' half a million troops in Iraq and march[ing] from one end of the country to the other [to] find nothing .' 
On the day Powell delivered his speech, then-CIA operations officer Valerie Plame Wilson noticed his claims ' simply did not match the intelligence which she had worked on daily for months .' Sign up for the free Anti-Media newsletter the establishment doesn't want you to receive 
Making use of claims made by a discredited Iraqi defector code-named 'Curveball,' Powell ignored the fact the CIA had deemed the source a 'fabricator' and used the source's shaky evidence to convince the media, as well as other global powers, they should all go along with the U.S. plan. 
At the time, the New York Times , which had previously openly reported that the Bush administration had been planning on 'selling' the Iraq war using the best marketing strategies at hand, published a number of opinion pieces reinforcing the idea that Iraq had weapons of mass destruction. After reports proved Bush's rationale for war had been debunked, the prestigious publication had to retract . 
The late Michael Ratner, an attorney who served as the president emeritus of the Center for Constitutional Rights in New York, once accused the 'liberal media,' along with the government, of selling the Iraq war not by simply claiming Hussein had WMDs, but also ' by claiming that there was a relationship between Saddam Hussein, who led Iraq at the time, and al-Qaeda .' 
By referring to al-Qaeda repeatedly during his U.N. speech , Powell spoke to people's fears. That was a logical strategy considering the country had been healing from the 9/11 terror attacks. But the media failed to question this link, which had been established via a source who had been tortured . 
Ibn al-Sheikh al-Libi was a high-value CIA detainee who ' provided bogus information ' as he was waterboarded. As Ratner pointed out , anyone ' would have said anything to stop being waterboarded .' 
Then-Vice President Dick Cheney and other members of the Bush administration had pressured the CIA to find a way to connect Iraq and al-Qaeda, an effort that ultimately helped boost the case for war before the international community. 
What the White House wanted finally materialized when officials tortured al-Libi. 
The man who was waterboarded into providing phony info on the al-Qaeda link to Iraq later died in a Libyan prison of an apparent suicide. Like Iraq, the Media Now Sells the Political Class' Lies on Russia, Syria 
When Bush was trying to sell the Iraq war to Congress, Hillary Clinton, then a New York senator, voted in favor of authorizing his administration to go into Iraq, basing her decision ' as much on advice from her husband's advisers as from Bush administration officials .' 
While she now claims her vote was a mistake, she proved herself to be consistently pro-intervention as secretary of state under President Barack Obama and as a presidential candidate, having gone so far as to suggest that going against Russia in Syria by enacting a no-fly zone could ' save lives and hasten the end of the conflict .' Privately, however, she gave a speech to Goldman Sachs in which she acknowledged establishing a no-fly zone is Syria would kill 'a lot' of Syrian civilians. 
Ever since the Arab Spring, the Obama administration has beat the war drums against Russia by pushing for more U.S. presence in Syria via official and unofficial means . Now, his choice for president is pushing the story that Russia — a.k.a. Syria's partner in its war against Islamist rebels and ISIS terrorists — is illegally attempting to exert influence over the U.S. election — and the media embraces the move, publishing story after story claiming officials know the Kremlin was behind the cyber attacks against the Democratic National Committee and the election systems in Arizona and Illinois. Without evidence, however, these reports are toothless but still influential enough to make many Americans believe Russia is, indeed, a threat . 
While Russia's role in Syria isn't as humanitarian as its officials would like us to believe, its proximity to Syria plays an important role in its own affairs, making its involvement in the conflict more logical than America's. 
Like al-Qaeda, ISIS fighters have repeatedly used U.S. intervention in the Middle East to recruit more fighters . And like what happened prior to the Iraq war, the U.S. government — and the Fourth Estate — are working tirelessly to sell the public on yet another unjustified war. 
Luckily, Americans aren't as gullible in 2016 as they were in 2003, as many now keep up with the news by seeking more independent channels. 
But will the next administration bother to ask us our opinion before launching into another war? 
This article ( Remember When the Media Sold Us the Iraq WMD Lies? It's Happening Again ) is free and open source. You have permission to republish this article under a Creative Commons license with attribution to Alice Salles and theAntiMedia.org . Anti-Media Radio airs weeknights at 11 pm Eastern/8 pm Pacific. If you spot a typo, please email the error and name of the article to .

ARTICLE

Pin 
( ZHE ) Before the recent torrent of daily Podesta email dumps brought renewed attention to Wikileaks (and accusations Julian Assange was working with the Kremlin despite his recent denial, which ultimately cost him his internet access), the media's attention was closely focused on the recently emerged hacker known as Guccifer 2.0, who claimed to be behind the hacking of the nearly 20,000 Democratic National Committee emails and other documents distributed over the summer by WikiLeaks, and who likewise was accused of cooperating with Russia. 
Earlier today, after a two week silence, Guccifer 2.0 reemerged, with a post on his blog , in which he alleges that he has information from inside the Federal Election Commission, according to which 'democrats may rig the elections.' He then adds 'this may be possible because of the software installed in the FEC networks by the large IT companies.' 
'INFO FROM INSIDE THE FEC: THE DEMOCRATS MAY RIG THE ELECTIONS 
'I'd like to warn you that the Democrats may rig the elections on November 8. This may be possible because of the software installed in the FEC networks by the large IT companies. 
'As I've already said, their software is of poor quality, with many holes and vulnerabilities. 
'I have registered in the FEC electronic system as an independent election observer; so I will monitor that the elections are held honestly. 
'I also call on other hackers to join me, monitor the elections from inside and inform the U.S. society about the facts of electoral fraud.' 
It is unclear what FEC information the hacker was in possession of, or was referring to, and how he intends to observe the elections. A recent video by Bev Harris of BlackBoxVoting provided a real-time demo of the GEMS vote-fraud system, 'fraction magic,' an election theft mechanism with context and explanation. There is much more detail on the BlackBoxVoting website . Sign up for the free Anti-Media newsletter the establishment doesn't want you to receive 
The demonstration below used a real voting system and real vote databases and takes place in seconds across multiple jurisdictions. Over 5000 subcontractors and middlemen have the access to perform this for any or all clients. It can give contract signing authority to whoever the user chooses. All political power can be converted to the hands of a few anonymous subcontractors. It's a product. It's scaleable. It learns its environment and can adjust to any political environment, any demographic. It runs silently, invisibly, and can produce plausible results that really pass for the real thing. 
It is possible that this is the process that Guccifer is referring to, although we are merely speculating. We are confident he will provide more detail shortly. 
While we wait, watch the following video explaining how elections can be (and perhaps are) rigged.

ARTICLE

Pin 4 
( ANTIMEDIA ) Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton escaped further FBI scrutiny over the weekend, just before millions of Americans prepare to cast their vote for president. But according to the latest batch of emails published by WikiLeaks — and listed as unclassified by the U.S. Department of State — she won't escape public scrutiny for her crimes in Libya. 
In an email from Sidney Blumenthal with the subject line ' H: Lots of new intel; possible Libyan collapse. SID ,' dated March 26, 2011, Clinton was warned that al Qaeda militants, as well as members of the Muslim Brotherhood, would rise if then-Libyan president Muammar Gaddafi were ousted. 
Long before the al-Qaeda-led attack against U.S. government facilities in Benghazi, Libya, Clinton was advised that U.S. efforts in the country would lead to internal collapse, as al-Qaeda militants would infiltrate the post-Gaddafi transitional government. 
In the same email , Blumenthal told Clinton that ' [a]n extremely sensitive source ' claimed ' the [anti-Gaddafi] rebels are receiving direct assistance and training from a small number of Egyptian Special Forces units, while French and British Special Operations troops are working out of bases in Egypt, along the Libyan border .' 
These troops were in place to oversee ' the transfer of weapons and supplies to the rebels ,' which included ' radical/terrorist groups such as the Libyan Fighting Groups and [al Qaeda] in the Islamic Maghreb (AQIM). ' According to then-French president Nicolas Sarzoky, Blumenthal said in the email , al-Qaeda fighters were ' infiltrating the [Libyan Council (NLC)] and its military command .' 
Blumenthal also asserted that Sarkozy was reaching out to the Israeli government to obtain ' a clear picture of the role of the Muslim Brotherhood in the rebel leadership .' 
In the email , Blumenthal also listed the weapons provided to militants and stocked in Benghazi. 
They included ' 82 and 120 mm. mortars; GPZ type machine guns; 12.7mm. machine guns mounted on 4×4 vehicles ; some anti-aircraft batteries type ZSU 23/2 and 23/4 as well as Man-Portable Air-Defense Systems (MANPADS) type SAM7; some tanks type T-72; … Possibly some fixed wing aircraft, and some light transport/medium helicopters .' Sign up for the free Anti-Media newsletter the establishment doesn't want you to receive 
Blumenthal also reassured Clinton that militants in Benghazi had ' [a] seemingly endless supply of AK47 assault rifles and ammunition (even for systems ZSU 23/4 and 23/2) .' 
The email added that French, British, and Egyptian Special Forces troops were training the rebels in Egypt and in the western suburbs of Benghazi. 
If anything, this email proves Secretary Clinton was aware of the potential ramifications of U.S. intervention in Libya. Despite the warnings provided by the intelligence sent to her inbox, Clinton and President Barack Obama went along with their plan and, in tandem with other foreign governments , provided aid to rebels with deep and well-known ties with al-Qaeda — one of the United States' alleged top enemies in the region . 
This article ( Hillary Knew She Was Helping Terrorists by Overthrowing Libya's Gaddafi ) is free and open source. You have permission to republish this article under a Creative Commons license with attribution to Alice Salles and theAntiMedia.org . Anti-Media Radio airs weeknights at 11 pm Eastern/8 pm Pacific. If you spot a typo, please email the error and name of the article to .

ARTICLE

Pin 
( ANTIMEDIA ) Before the presidential election, some Americans expressed hope that Donald Trump, if elected, would scale back U.S. militarism and the federal government's habit of instigating and supporting regime change abroad. This hope came despite Trump's promise to expand the scope of the American military. 
On the campaign trail, Trump criticized the Iraq war and nation-building. Since his election, he has garnered positive feedback from Russia, signaling cooling of tensions between the two large powers and highlighting a stark difference between Trump and his competitor, Hillary Clinton. But the president-elect's impending choices for his cabinet and advisers should raise alarm for anyone interested in diminishing the U.S. military's presence around the world. 
Here are five figures who shatter the perception that Donald Trump will be a 'peace' president: 
1. Vice President-elect Mike Pence – Much of the nation is reeling over Pence's regressive views on homosexuality and abortion, but one of his most damning stances is his support for traditional neoconservative foreign policy. When he was a House representative, Pence voted in favor of George W. Bush's invasion of Iraq — the same one Trump has criticized. Pence has indicated the same type of hawkishness in his stance on Syria, which also contradicts Trump's. 
' If Russia…continues to be involved in this barbaric attack on civilians in Aleppo, the United States of America should be prepared to use military force to strike military targets of the Assad regime ,' Pence said during one of the vice presidential debates this election cycle. Interestingly, his rhetoric sounds much like that of Hillary Clinton , who drew the support of many pro-war Republicans this year. 
With Joe Biden as his predecessor, it's easy to assume Pence will have little tangible power, especially under a colossal personality like Trump. That being said, he recently said he views Dick Cheney as his role model. Cheney, one of the key architects and profiteers of the Iraq war, was largely believed to pull the strings of the Bush presidency. As President Obama previously joked : 
' A few weeks ago Dick Cheney said he thinks I'm the worst president of his lifetime, which is interesting, because I think Dick Cheney is the worst president of my lifetime .' 
2. Rudy Giuliani — Rudy Giuliani is on Trump's presidential transition team, and earlier this week he was he rumored to be up for the role of secretary of state. The New York Times reported Tuesday that Giuliani, who enthusiastically backed Trump's campaign, is vying for the role of top diplomat and that Trump is inclined to reward his loyalty. Sign up for the free Anti-Media newsletter the establishment doesn't want you to receive 
Giuliani, who was mayor of New York City during the 9/11 attacks in 2001, has long espoused hawkish policy in favor of security, often referencing the historic attacks as justification for his views. 
His lack of regard for rule of law is apparent in his recent statement that 'anything's legal' in war. He is apparently unaware of the Geneva Conventions . Giuliani was also a staunch proponent of the Iraq War and, unfortunately, fails to see the consequences of perpetual overseas intervention. 
Ron Paul attempted to explain these consequences during a 2008 presidential debate when both he and Giuliani were running for president. 
' We need to look at what we do from the perspective of what would happen if somebody else did it to us ,' Paul urged, attempting to explain that the United States' ongoing bombing of the Middle East sows resentment and inspires terror attacks. 
Giuliani ultimately insisted on adding to the conversation and was quick to invoke fear mongering and emotion surrounding 9/11: 
' That's really an extraordinary statement. That's an extraordinary statement, as someone who lived through the attack of September 11, that we invited the attack because we were attacking Iraq. I don't think I've heard that before, and I've heard some pretty absurd explanations for September 11th. And I would ask the congressman to withdraw that comment and tell us that he didn't really mean that .' 
Paul did not retract that comment and rather, went on to explain the CIA's concept of blowback and the United States' meddling in Iran in 1953. 
Eight years later at the Republican national convention, Giuliani appeared to have ignored Paul's warning, choosing instead to focus on the dangers of Islamic extremism without addressing the root causes but inserting plenty of 9/11 references. He promised terrorists that America is 'coming for you.' 
Considering Hillary Clinton was able to leverage a war in Libya , weapons sales to regimes that donated to her foundation, and the failed policy of arming radical Syrian rebels in their fight against Assad, a Giuliani State Department could have violent ramifications. 
3. John Bolton – Trump's other potential secretary of state also adheres to establishment Republican party foreign policy. Bolton served as George W. Bush's undersecretary, and in 2002, made wildly inaccurate claims about the impending Iraq war. As noted by the Atlantic : 
' Bolton was both a booster, and a minor architect, of the war in Iraq. As George W. Bush's undersecretary of state in late 2002, he told the BBC that 'We are confident that Saddam Hussein has hidden weapons of mass destruction and production facilities in Iraq.' He added that 'the Iraqi people would be unique in history if they didn't welcome the overthrow of this dictatorial regime,' and that although building a democracy would prove a 'difficult task,' the people of Iraq 'are fully competent to do it.' So competent, in fact, that 'the American role [in post-war Iraq] actually will be fairly minimal.' ' 
As Senator Rand Paul detailed in an op-ed explaining why he will oppose a Bolton appointment should it come to pass: 
' Bolton is a longtime member of the failed Washington elite that Trump vowed to oppose, hell-bent on repeating virtually every foreign policy mistake the U.S. has made in the last 15 years — particularly those Trump promised to avoid as president. 
' John Bolton more often stood with Hillary Clinton and against what Donald Trump has advised .' 
Bolton recently advocated war with Iran and is a member of the Council on Foreign relations, a foreign policy think tank. Dick Cheney is a member of the council and Hillary Clinton has lauded it for its leadership, which is guided by a litany of corporations , including Lockheed Martin, Goldman Sachs, JP Morgan Chase & Co., and Exxon Mobil Corporation. 
As Paul also noted, Bolton shares many policy aims with Clinton: 
' In 2011, Bolton bashed Obama 'for his refusal to directly target Gaddafi' and declared, 'there is a strategic interest in toppling Gaddafi… But Obama missed it.' In fact, Obama actually took Bolton's advice and bombed the Libyan dictator into the next world. Secretary of State Clinton bragged , 'We came, we saw, he died .'' 
A Bolton State Department is, like a hypothetical Giuliani one, a recipe for continued aggression and reckless foreign policy. 
4. James Woolsey – Few things scream 'establishment' louder than appointing a former CIA director and key member of the Project for a New American Century (PNAC) to serve as a senior national security adviser. 
PNAC was a pro-war think tank made up of prominent neoconservatives. It has since been disbanded, but archived versions of their website reveal the organization's foundationally militaristic objectives). Woolsey has carried their torch. 
According to the Intercept , Woolsey was a key supporter of the 2003 invasion of Iraq long before it transpired: 
' Woolsey signed a letter in 1998 calling on Clinton to depose Saddam Hussein and only hours after the 9/11 attacks appeared on CNN and blamed the attacks on Iraq. Woolsey has continued to insist on such a connection despite the complete lack of evidence to support his argument. He also blames Iran. ' 
The Intercept added: 
' He chairs the leadership council at the Foundation for the Defense of Democracies, a hawkish national security nonprofit, and is a venture partner with Lux Capital Management, which invests in emerging technologies like drones , satellite imaging, and artificial intelligence. ' 
Interestingly, Woolsey also served as Vice President of Booz Allen Hamilton, the firm where whistleblower Edward Snowden worked before exposing the NSA's secret surveillance programs. 
Woolsey has said Snowden should be ' hanged by the neck until he's dead, rather than merely electrocuted. ' 
So there's that. 
5. General Mike Flynn – Some have expressed optimism that Donald Trump included General Mike Flynn on his transition team and as a potential member of his administration. Flynn deviates from other militaristic members of Trump's new team in that he's willing to acknowledge the Iraq war was a mistake and has criticized Obama's drone wars. Flynn played an active role in the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq. 
As he said last year: 
' When 9/11 occurred, all the emotions took over, and our response was, 'Where did those bastards come from? Let's go kill them. Let's go get them.' Instead of asking why they attacked us, we asked where they came from. Then we strategically marched in the wrong direction. ' 
Even so, Flynn has criticized the Iran deal, and as the Intercept noted: 
' What Flynn appears to view as speaking honestly has a tendency to veer into dangerous and Islamophobic terrain. Earlier this year, he called for the destruction of Raqqa, the Syrian city captured by the Islamic State where tens of thousands of civilians remain trapped .' 
Flynn has condemned elements of war, but his military mindset prevails. As the Intercept also observed: 
' Militarily, the campaign Flynn envisions would be 'similar to the effort during World War II or the Cold War' and would be guided by a single leader answering to the president. ' 
Flynn may have issues gaining a key role in a Trump administration because of his previous role as Director of Intelligence for the Pentagon (he was ousted in 2014), as well as his consulting firm's ties to a close ally of Turkish President Recep Erdogan, who has imposed authoritarian policies in Turkey. 
According to the Wall Street Journal , Trump also recently added Frank Gaffney — a longtime hawk with a penchant for condemning Islam — to his transition team. The Trump campaign asserts he is not officially a member and is simply offering advice. 
Though some may point to Trump's potential partnership with Vladimir Putin as hope that some international conflicts may be resolved, Trump has willfully chosen to surround himself with establishment figures who contradict the foreign policy points he seemed to espouse — namely, the failures of regime change and the Iraq War. In fact, these individuals actually lean toward Hillary Clinton's hawkish foreign policy agenda. 
Unfortunately, Trump's campaign promises to 'bomb the hell' out of ISIS belie a chronically establishment foreign policy outlook — one sure to produce more terrorists in the indefinite, nebulous war against an ideology continually catalyzed by aggressive American militarism. 
This article ( 5 Trump Advisors Who Prove He's More Like Hillary Clinton Than You Thought ) is free and open source. You have permission to republish this article under a Creative Commons license with attribution to Carey Wedler and theAntiMedia.org . Anti-Media Radio airs weeknights at 11 pm Eastern/8 pm Pacific. If you spot a typo, please email the error and name of the article to . 

ARTICLE

Derrick Broze November 13, 2015 
( ANTIMEDIA ) The annual military budget has been approved by U.S. lawmakers and is expected to be signed by President Obama, but what are we not being told? 
On Tuesday the U.S. Senate approved the latest version of the National Defense Authorization Act for 2016. Voting 91 to 3 last week, the Senate approved the revised bill, which includes $607 billion in defense spending as well as $5 billion in cuts. The bill then passed the U.S. House of Representatives. 
Obama vetoed the previous version of the bill because it would have limited the transfer of detainees from the military prison at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba to the United States. However, the new version of the bill retained provisions which will likely prevent Obama from keeping his promise to close Guantanamo. 
White House spokesman Josh Earnest said he expects the president to sign the bill, stating , 'That certainly does not reflect a change in our position, or the intensity of our position, about the need to close the prison at Guantanamo Bay.' 
Obama also battled Republicans, not over limiting the military budget and focusing on domestic programs, but over whether they were raising defense spending limits high enough. When you look closer at Obama's actions, you see he is actually voting in line with the rest of the war hawks. He is not demanding military budget cuts, nor that the United States begin winding down the global American empire. In fact, President Obama is simply asking for yet more money to continue to launch wars of aggression based on lies and fear. 
Many of you may remember that President Obama had no problem signing the NDAA 2012, which legalized the indefinite detention of American citizens suspected of ties to terrorism. It should be noted that the indefinite detention provision is still contained in the NDAA, and has been approved by Congress and signed by President Obama every year since it first passed. 
So what's hiding in the latest version? Sign up for the free Anti-Media newsletter the establishment doesn't want you to receive 
The current edition of the NDAA will continue to ensure United States involvement in the conflict in eastern Ukraine by offering lethal aid to the Ukrainians fighting Russia in Crimea. Section 1250 of the Senate version , titled UKRAINE SECURITY ASSISTANCE INITIATIVE , and will authorize $300,000,000 to 'provide appropriate security assistance and intelligence support, including training, equipment, and logistics support, supplies and services, to military and other security forces of the Government of Ukraine.' 
That same section also grants funds for 'Lethal assistance such as anti-armor weapon systems, mortars, crew-served weapons and ammunition, grenade launchers and ammunition, and small arms and ammunition.' Some of the weapons types the U.S. is offering to Ukraine include 'Counter-artillery radars, including medium-range and long-range counter-artillery radars that can detect and locate long-range artillery, Unmanned aerial tactical surveillance systems and Cyber capabilities.' 
However, Ukraine will not be the only recipient of weapons funded by U.S. taxpayers. The U.S. Congress is happy to continue supporting conflict in Syria by funding so-called 'moderate' rebels who are allegedly fighting against Syrian President Bashar al-Assad. All signs indicate the Syrian civil war has become another U.S.-led proxy war against Russia. 
Section 1225 of the Senate bill, titled MATTERS RELATING TO SUPPORT FOR THE VETTED SYRIAN OPPOSITION , allocates resources for logistical support including 'Defensive supportive fire, Intelligence, and Medical support.' 
While the media focused on the battle between the White House and Republicans, it completely failed to mention that all current proposed versions of the 2016 NDAA will continue the proxy war between the United States and Russia — which could potentially accelerate the push towards outright conflict.

ARTICLE

Pin 1 
( ANTIMEDIA ) As protesters continue to stand against the proposed Dakota Access Pipeline in North Dakota, facing off against heavily militarized police and their water cannons, rubber bullets, tear gas, and tasers, they have gained broad support. Celebrities and millions of social media users have raised awareness about the situation in North Dakota, and now, the 'water protectors' have earned support from another group: veterans. 
According to an article published by Business Insider that first appeared in Task and Purpose , a military-oriented news and culture site, two veterans are leading the charge in a show of dissent against the increasingly aggressive police. In the last several months, tensions have escalated as Natives and their allies have blocked the pipeline's construction, citing fears surrounding water will be endangered and sacred burial sites will be destroyed (not to mention the fact their lands were forcibly stolen by the U.S. government over a century ago). 
'This country is repressing our people, ' says Michael A. Wood Jr., a Marine Corps veteran who recently retired from the Baltimore police force to work toward reforming law enforcement. ' If we're going to be heroes, if we're really going to be those veterans that this country praises, well, then we need to do the things that we actually said we're going to do when we took the oath to defend the Constitution from enemies foreign and domestic ,' he asserted about his plans to go to Standing Rock. 
Woods Jr. is joined by Wes Clark Jr. Clark Jr. is the son of General Wesley Clark, the famous military leader who once warned that shortly after 9/11, the government had its eyes on Iraq, Syria, Lebanon, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, and Iran. Clark would later attempt to distance himself from those statements but still managed to convince his son, a member of the Army at the time, to stay away from Iraq. 
' I was like, 'I'm going back in. I'm going to go in there and fuck people up ,'' Clark Jr. recalls of his desire to fight for the military after 9/11. He later changed his mind after his father warned him, as Task and Purpose summarized, ' that as a soldier he would be fighting a war that had nothing to do with defeating al Qaeda. ' 
Now, Wood Jr. and Clark Jr. are attempting to organize a mass, nonviolent protest against police action in North Dakota. Just this past weekend, a female protester was hit with a concussion grenade, causing severe damage to her arm and requiring surgery. 
Other have been tear gassed, tased, beaten, and shot with rubber bullets. Anti-Media journalist Derrick Broze was tased by law enforcement immediately after he declared he was a member of the media. Another journalist was shot with a rubber bullet while standing away from a gathering of protesters as she interviewed an attendee. 
Police have made over 470 arrests since August, and the Indigenous Environmental Network claims 167 people were injured just this past Sunday when police deployed water cannons in freezing weather. Sign up for the free Anti-Media newsletter the establishment doesn't want you to receive 
Clark, a contributor to the Young Turks, explained that aside from the flagrant violations protesters are subject to in North Dakota, Natives are especially deserving of veteran support: 
' First Americans have served in the Unites States Military, defending the soil of our homelands, at a greater percentage than any other group of Americans. There is no other people more deserving of veteran support ,' he said. 
According to a Facebook event the two men created called 'Veterans Stand for Standing Rock,' those who join the effort will arrive at the protest site on December 4, where they will stay until December 7. 
The event description reads: 
' Come to Standing Rock Indian Reservation and hold the line with Wes Clark jr, Michael Wood Jr, Tulsi Gabbard and hundreds of other veterans in support of the Sioux nation against the DAPL pipeline. Bring Body armor, gas masks, earplugs AND shooting mufflers (we may be facing a sound cannon) but no drugs, alcohol or weapons . ' 
Clark Jr. was clear he was not looking for violence and that the protest would be unarmed. 
' We're not going out there to get in a fight with anyone, ' he said. ' They can feel free to beat us up, but we're 100% nonviolence .' 
As Task and Purpose explained: 
' With an eye toward the media, old military uniforms will be donned so that if the veterans are brutalized by the police, they are brutalized not as ordinary citizens, but as people who once served the government they are protesting against. ' 
The event page makes it clear that the group will not tolerate ' hate, violence or divisive behavior of any kind .' 
' We're doing this to support our country ,' they advise, ' so let's do it with honor, working together. We can stop this savage injustice being committed right here at home. If not us, who? If not now, when? ' 
Over 250 veterans have already committed, but organizers hope to have a group of 500 or more by the time they head to Standing Rock. 
Once there, the veterans intend to engage in a traditional native healing ceremony with protesters, with whom they have been coordinating, according to the veterans. Then, protective gear like gas masks and body armor will be issued to anyone who needs it. The soldiers will march to bagpipes and Sioux war songs as they head to the banks of the Missouri River to meet police. 
' Then, the veterans and their allies — or at least the ones who are brave enough — will lock arms and cross the river in a 'massive line' for their 'first encounter' with the 'opposing forces. '' 
Though the veterans have adopted a strict policy of nonviolence, they refuse to back down and apparently hope to use their military status to spotlight the egregious behavior of the police. 
' We'll have those people who will recognize that they're not willing to take a bullet, and those who recognize that they are ,' says Wood Jr. ' It's okay if some of them step back, but Wes and I have no intention of doing so .' 
Veterans Stand for Standing Rock is accepting donations to cover food, transportation, and supplies for those who travel to North Dakota. You can donate here . You can also donate directly to the water protectors. 
This article ( Hundreds of Veterans Heading to Standing Rock to Defend DAPL Protesters from Police ) is free and open source. You have permission to republish this article under a Creative Commons license with attribution to Carey Wedler and theAntiMedia.org . Anti-Media Radio airs weeknights at 11 pm Eastern/8 pm Pacific. If you spot a typo, please email the error and name of the article to . 

