ARTICLE

Cyrus Mistry speaks out, says TATA removal didn't hurt as much as punny headlines on it Posted on Tweet 
Ousted TATA group chairman Cyrus Mistry finally spoke out regarding the development, terming that while getting the boot did hurt , it was nowhere in comparison to what he felt after reading dozens of pun-filled headlines over his name and ouster. 
'What the hell, yaar ? Whatever I pick up, all I read is: Mystery over Mistry's ouster; Che-Mistry no more, TATA group sacks chairman; Mist yet to clear on why Mistry was ousted, TATA says tata to Mistry. I can't take this anymore! Please stop. I can always find another job or even become a chairman of some other company if lady luck favors me, but will these Mistry puns ever end? I've had enough of this pun-ishment!” the ex-chairman cried out to The UnReal Times . The businessman was soon supported by Sixth Sense scientist Pranav Mistry, who tweeted, 'I feel you, bro!” 
The mainstream media, however, shot back at Mistry, asking him to take a chill pill. 'Sigh-rus Mistry clearly not happy over some witty puns, eh? ;)” tweeted Times Group chairman Vineet Jain. Jain's tweet was soon followed by rival newspaper The Hindu publisher, N Ram's tweet: 'About time Cyrus gulps in some Citrus juice to calm himself. Ratan Tata's right about the intolerance part – it's coming from his own ex-chairman!” 
An upset Mistry mentioned that sooner or later, he would have to change his name if things continue this way. 'The last thing I want now is Cyrus Broacha meeting me and the media saying 'Cyrus broaches Mistry!' AAARGH!” an angry Mistry cried. He was, however, consoled by actor Neil Nitin Mukesh. 'Be happy you have a popular 2-word name and not a 3-word one. That's much, much, much better! Seriously, seriously, seriously!” Neil Nitin Mukesh reportedly told him. 
Media-appointed BJP MP, the VHP's Sadhvi Prachi, who usually asks people to go to Pakistan, got into a bit of a lighthearted mood herself. 'If Cyrus doesn't like what happened, he can go to Cyprus!” the Sadhvi exclaimed. The ex-chairman was also approached by Sports Minister Vijay Goel, who told him, 'I can never get a selfie with Miley Cyrus. So let me at least get one with Mistry Cyrus.” 
Mistry's biggest consolation and shoulder to cry on, though, came all the way from South Africa, from the quarters of wicket keeper Quinton De Kock. 'I can't tell you how it feels each time I trend on Twitter and see the tweets about me. Trust me, you're much better off. You just can't imagine how cocky some tweeters can get. Oops!” the keeper is supposed to have said. Tweet About Ashwin Kumar 
1 of the proud columnists of URT, former co-editor of URT Tamil, amateur musician, Real Harris Jayaraj devotee, UnReal T. Rajendar fanatic, passionate about stopping female foeticide.
ARTICLE

Cyrus Mistry renames himself Rohit Sharma-Mistry, gets job back Posted on Tweet (Image via intoday.in) 
Deposed chairman of Tata Group, Cyrus Mistry, has hit upon a great idea to get back his job. At a press conference earlier in the day, Mistry announced that he shall no longer be known as Cyrus Mistry, and instead asked everyone to call him Rohit Sharma-Mistry. 
Fifteen minutes after Sharma-Mistry's press conference, Ratan Rata called for a press conference and announced the group's decision to reinstate Cyrus Mistry as the chairman of Tata Group. 
'Mr. Sharma-Mistry is a rare talent who will be groomed for the future,” said Tata. 'The Trustees and other directors of Tata Sons are convinced about Mr. Sharma-Mistry's ability and firmly believe that when he gets going, he can turn around any business within one quarter.” 
Later, our correspondent reached out to the jubilant Sharma-Mistry and asked him what gave him this idea. Sharma-Mistry said that the emotional atyachar at Tata Sons was irking him, but then he met an inspired god man from Chennai, Cheeni Mama, who gave him guidance. 
Mr Sharma-Mistry is now considering building a temple for Cheeni Mama. 'After all, our organization is known for its charitable acts, and in TN it is accepted practice to build a temple for actors, so this is very well in line with our organizational ethos,” Sharma-Mistry was quoted as saying. 
(Submitted by Citizen Satirist Badri Narayanan )
ARTICLE

WCD Ministry to reward married men who select 'What is your anniversary date?” as security question Posted on Tweet 
The Ministry of Women and Child Development, headed by Maneka Gandhi has announced a new bravery award for married Indian men who select 'What is your anniversary date?” as a security question during their registration process with any website online. 
'The idea is to encourage married men across the country to remember their wedding anniversaries correctly and well. This, in turn, will prevent unwanted acrimony in families in India and foster better husband-wife relationships. The number of married Indian men who remember their wedding anniversaries is abysmal and this is an earnest effort to improve the rate. Even today, lakhs of Indian married men who sign up for anything online and create an account anywhere usually choose 'What is your first pet's name?', or 'When is your birthday?', or 'Which is your favorite car?' as their security question,” WCD Minister Maneka Gandhi told The UnReal Times . 
'Hardly anyone ever chooses 'What is your anniversary date?' as a security question, simply because there have been people who have forgotten their passwords and not only have they been unable to retrieve their accounts due to inability to answer the security question correctly, but they have also been unable to retrieve access to their own households, due to highly miffed wives. We do not want to further penalize those who forget their anniversaries as they would already be in deep shit, so we're trying to change this the positive way – by honoring those few who do. We hope the number of men who do remember the anniversaries grows due to this,” Gandhi added. 
The ministry's policy, however, wasn't without its share of initial controversy. BJP MP Varun Gandhi, who was one of the first married men to stake claim for the award, after bravely selecting the anniversary security question while registering at Patanjali's online retail website to buy their honey bottles, has been denied an award by his mother. 'I'm sorry, Varun's case is special – anything other than honey and I would gladly give him the award. I will even overlook the fact that our women journos' Whatsapp group was totally against Varun buying things from Patanjali, of all places, but honey is an absolute no-no,” Maneka Gandhi is reported to have said. 
Varun's act of bravado reportedly hasn't found favor with his better half too. 'Poor Varun, he told Yamini 'I'll never forget our anniversary, honey!' to which she yelled back 'Don't you dare say honey again!'” a WCD ministry source told The UnReal Times . Tweet About Ashwin Kumar 
1 of the proud columnists of URT, former co-editor of URT Tamil, amateur musician, Real Harris Jayaraj devotee, UnReal T. Rajendar fanatic, passionate about stopping female foeticide.
ARTICLE

Kashmiris and Pakistanis subscribe en masse to Washington Post after Barkha joins as contributor Posted on Tweet (Image via intoday.in) 
American daily newspaper The Washington Post has gained substantial number of subscribers over the past few hours following its announcement of legendary journalist Barkha Dutt joining the publication as a contributor for global opinions. 
As a contributing columnist, Ms. Dutt, who has won numerous awards during her illustrious career as a journalist, including TV Personality of the Year, awarded by AIB (Association for International Broadcasting), will now take the issues closer to her viewers, which many believe are the staff members of NDTV, to an international platform. 
The spike in the subscription has primarily been noticed in the Kashmir region where Ms. Dutt is seen more often than the local residents. As a matter of fact, experts believe if Kashmir becomes an independent nation, she might earn a place in the history books of independent Kashmir, or the currency notes might have her photo printed on them, or at least a road could be named after her as an acknowledgement for her contribution to the separatists movement. 
Her tireless campaign to put forward the points of view of terrorists has been appreciation by many across the border and her minute-by-minute coverage of army movements along the LoC has helped many prepare for the situation in advance and respond accordingly. And although the services would still be available on NDTV, it seems a few in the Kashmir valley do not want to rely on a single source of information, especially when there are multiple options available now. 
Meanwhile, the competitors of The Washington Post have been caught off guard by the development and they are ruing the missed opportunity to reach a new audience. Some of them, however, are trying to regain the lost ground, and reports suggest that The New York Times is already in talks with Hafiz Saeed to write a weekly column for it.
ARTICLE

Cyrus Mistry joins AAP; Tata Sons shortlists candidates for chairman's post Posted on Tweet (Image via intoday.in) 
Ousted Chairman of Tata Sons Cyrus Mistry today joined the Aam Aadmi Party. Speaking to the media Cyrus Mistry said, 'The media, government, regulators or politicians, no one is supporting me in fighting against the injustice I have faced. Kejriwalji is my only hope. So I joined the AAP.” 
Speaking at the occasion, AAP supremo and Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal said, 'Having worked at Tata Steel several years ago, I have firsthand experience of how the board of directors of Tata Sons did not allow me to work. That is the reason I quit Tata Steel.” 
'Just like Cyrus Mistry, I also took up the top job in Delhi because there were no other suitable candidate. I empathize with Cyrus Mistry when he says that Ratan Tata did not allow him to do work. In a similar way, Narendra Modi and Najeeb Jung do not allow me to do work in Delhi,” he added. 
'Why should someone be fired for choosing to close loss making UK Steel business? First take care of Indians before subsidizing British citizens. Ratan Tata is a British agent. Even AAP does not fire its leaders so fast,” he declared 
Meanwhile, our correspondent overheard this discussion between Cyrus Mistry and Rajdeep Sardesai. 
Rajdeep Sardesai: So what I understand Mr. Mistry is that you are concerned about the rising intolerance by the majority against the minorities in India?” 
Cyrus Mistry: No, I only said that I am concerned about the rising intolerance of the majority shareholders in Tata Sons against minority shareholders like me. 
Meanwhile, AAP leader Ashutosh took to Twitter to blast Tata Sons. 
'As per Cyrus Mistry, Tata Motors' Nano plant in Gujarat is making losses. Even industrialists in Gujarat are losing money. Is this the Gujarat Model? Will Modi answer?” he tweeted. 
'Cyrus Mistry spoke about risk of impairment in Tata Steal? Will Ratan Tata answer?” read his second tweet. 
'Why was Cyrus Mistry not given a free hand to run Tata Suns? Will the Bored answer?” said his third tweet 
A source who did not wish to be identified told our correspondent that Tata Sons is also planning to fire Cyrus Mistry from the board of directors and has already found his replacement. 
After Ratan Tata asked for a versatile candidate with expertise in several fields and who is not afraid to speak his mind, a consultant suggested the name of Justice Katju. But Ratan Tata was not pleased at the prospect of being called an idiot in a board meeting and so vetoed the proposal. Instead Congress leader Ahmed Patel will be filling this post. 
According to our source, the Tata Sons board was very impressed with Ahmed Patel after he told them that rather than abrupt firing, they should have kept planting stories in the media like 'Ratan Tata unhappy with Cyrus Mistry's decision to close down Tata Steel UK Business.” 
This along with his ability to effectively manage a family trust and also manage a professional CEO without letting him drift from the group's ethos and culture earned him a board seat. 
Further, according to our source, several names came up during the latest board meeting to pick a new Chairman. Ahmed Patel suggested the name of Dr. Manmohan Singh but Ratan Tata vetoed it saying he wanted a person who could be a brand ambassador for the Tata Group. 
Currently, there are 2 persons who are front-runners in the race for Chairman. One is Arvind Kejriwal. Several board members think that he will be a suitable candidate because he can just give speeches, visit offices and be a brand ambassador while the actual work could be left to the board. 
Another name doing the round is Chetan Bhagat. Given his IIT, IIM qualifications along with his versatile persona of being an author, columnist, screenwriter, television personality and motivational speaker, several board members think he is the perfect candidate for the heavily diversified salt to software conglomerate. Further, he is good with numbers, an area the Tata Group is struggling at this point in time.
ARTICLE

Tweet (Image via intoday.in) 
In an announcement which has shocked workers and family members of the Samajwadi party, when their senior most leader Mulayam Singh Yadav said, 'Anyone from the Yadav family, who can understand clearly each and every word that I speak will be unanimously appointed as the next UP Chief Minister.” 
Mulayam Singh came to this decision after he realized that 90% of the party members nod blankly to his speeches and instructions without understanding a single word that he speaks. 
'It all started when Netaji realized that he always gave the same instructions to Shivpal, Akhilesh and Ram Gopal Yadav but they were understood differently by each of them each time. However all three of them would nod as if they had understood the same thing,” said a senior party member close to Mulayam Singh. 'Obviously I myself don't get half of his sentences, but I have become good at reading his lip movements,” he added. 
This is not the first time Mulayam Singh has been informed of it. As many as three decades ago, school teachers of Akhilesh Yadav had told Mulayam Singh that his son doesn't listen to his father. While Mulayam mistook it for Akhilesh being a disobedient child, what the teachers actually meant was that Akhilesh hardly understands what his father speaks. 
According to sources, Mulayam Singh is currently conducting a test among family members to determine who comes closest in understanding his speech in order to accordingly finalize party positions. 
'To K!$@#$ Communal $Q#$ Q# %@bey @# #$$!@$ #$@#$@ Secular G#$#$%# @# UP, B bil #$Q$ $#$@#$$ Congrss P#!!$ #$@$ #$@ ByeP d#@# #$@$ erection,” said a family member when asked to repeat what Netaji said. 
More than half of the family members couldn't come even remotely close. It was only Akhilesh and Shivpal Yadav who could clearly identify some of the key words from the sentence, which were 'communal', 'secular', 'election', 'UP' and 'Congress'. 
Later, confusion turned to consternation when an outsider by name Amar Singh heard this family conversation and clearly recited what Netaji said, which was: 'To keep Communal forces away and have a secular Government in UP, we will tie up with Congress party and not with BJP during next elections.” 
While Mulayam lauded Amar for the translation, Akhilesh got seriously pissed by the fact that a family conversation was heard by an outsider surreptitiously and launched into an emotional speech to his supporters. 
(The writer is the author of the book, 'The Bogus Read' ) Tweet About D-MAN 
A jack of many trades who now wants to master some. Born wisecracker who makes every effort to get the maximum out of life. He facebooks here and tweets here .
ARTICLE

Tweet (Image via youtube.com) 
Deepavali is here, which naturally means plenty of sweets and crackers and, even more naturally, a visit to the doctor due to overeating or burn-related injuries for some of you. 
But this column firmly believes it is always better to be safe than try to be spectacular and look for some smart-Aleck jokey end to this sentence. Keeping in line with this thinking, we urge you celebrate the upcoming festival in a responsible manner without going overboard on festivities or snacking. 
And here is a simple recipe for a healthy Deepavali sweet, oats peanut ladoo (ugh), and a small emergency reckoner on what to do when bursting crackers (Scream). 
Oats peanut ladoo: 
Before you get down to make this, you have to answer the very basic question whether it is ladoo or laddu. No, the actual question you should be asking is: Why oats ladoo? To be precise, why at all oats? When the world eventually is destroyed, global warming or ecology disasters will not be the cause, oats is most likely to be the culprit. Rampant use of oats in food will make many people give up the all-important desire to live. But oats is expected to figure in anything that is deemed to be healthy (come to think of it, oats soap and shampoo may not be far away). 
But wait, we are here to make ladoo and not rant against the rising problems of oats. 
Ingredients for oats peanut ladoo: 1 cup oats, 1 cup peanut, 2 cups of grated jaggery, cardamom, cashewnuts, 1 cup and a standard instagram account. 
1. Heat the oats in low medium flame until it gets golden brown. Have you ever noticed that whatever you are trying to make, the recipe always tells you to heat whatever you are trying to heat till it becomes golden brown? 
2. Now heat the peanut in similar low flame until it becomes peacock blue. Just kidding. Heat till golden brown only. 
3. Luckily, jaggery is kind of golden brown. No need to heat it. 
4. Put the oats and peanut together into a mixie and run the blender. 
5. Oops, wait. In your hurry to get on with it, you ran the blender without closing it. Now go clean the mess you created. 
6. Close the lid firmly and run the blender till the oats and peanut are finely commingled. 
7. Wonder what the heck is commingled. 
8. Now remove a portion of oats-peanut mix and keep it aside. Add to the remaining portion in the jar some jaggery. Run the blender till they are finely mixed. Now make a similar blend out of the removed portion too. 
9. Spread the fresh mix on a plate and start making ladoo balls out of them. Since you are making them the balls will come off and not stick together. 
10. No worries, nobody gets it right on the first attempt. Also, it is a good excuse not to consume oats peanut ladoo, which, to tell you a fact, was never going to taste great. 
PS : In the few seconds they stay as ladoo balls, make sure to photograph them and put it on your instagram account. 
PS 2: Not that it would have mattered, but we forgot to add cardamom and cashew to the mix. 
Now, dos and don'ts during bursting crackers: 
1. It is always advisable to burn crackers in an open and spacious place. Ideally, take on rent MA Chidambaram Stadium. 
2. If your neighbours have pets, out of the general kindness to those hapless animals, ask your neighbours to take them elsewhere so that you can burst crackers in peace. Those infernal dogs, at any rate, are never going to stop barking when you are busy preparing notes for your presentation. So there! 
3. Don't set off fireworks near electrical transformers unless otherwise your idea is to set off even more spectacular fireworks that will make the entire neighbourhood watch transfixed. 
4. Whenever you set out to burst crackers, have a bucket of water nearby so that it will come handy for you to trip over it when running away from the splinters of that saram . Statistically, more persons are treated for injuries after sprawling down than for fire burns on Deepavali. 
5. In the event of burn injuries, take care to roll the victim in a wet rug and throw him/her into a swimming pool. If the injury is not serious, he/she should emerge out quickly. If he/she sinks, either the injury is serious or he/she doesn't know swimming. Either way you are innocent. 
6. Prepare a small medical kit with plasters and Burnol in them well ahead of Deepavali and keep it aside, so that when you set out to burst crackers on the Deepavali day you can basically spend your time looking for it. 
7. Avoid vengaiya vedis . Remember those ball-shaped vengaiya vedis are banned. Most likely because they resembled oats ladoo. 
PS : Happy Deepavali!
ARTICLE

Zoey, the wonder dog makes a political statement – an exclusive UnReal Times report Posted on Tweet 
A cousin of mine, an ardent dog lover who dotes on his pet female golden retriever Zoey, has recently been observing some unusual behavioural changes in his pet. Normally of placid and amiable temperament, like most retrievers, she was quite happy to be fed regularly, thrown the odd bone and tickled under the tummy every now and then. Even visits to the vet was like a jolly excursion for her. 'But over the last month or so, while we were watching television after dinner, she would start behaving strangely”, observed my cousin, restlessly tugging at his forelock. 
As a regular contributor to UnReal Times (URT), my columnist's bloodhound instincts took over, as I clearly saw the beginnings of a major newsbreak, outside the world of sordid politics, boringly one sided cricket and just plain boring Bollywood. At least, that's what I figured, when I decided to probe my cousin further on Zoey's curious antics. Since this relative was reluctant to give out his real name to URT's massive readership, we'll just call him VK. Here he is, being interviewed by your intrepid reporter. 
URT – 'Hi VK, tell us more about Zoey and the television. What gives?” 
VK – 'Well it's like this. When we put the TV on, the first thing Zoey usually does is lie down and go to sleep. Unfailingly. But in recent times, she has been sitting bolt upright and making a variety of different sounds. I thought of calling my vet, until my wife shushed me and said listen carefully and watch Zoey closely”. 
URT – 'And then what happened? The suspense is killing me”. 
VK – 'Patience, brother. All will be revealed. It took us a while to detect a pattern, but then things started unraveling. Whenever the Prime Minister came on screen and spoke, Zoey would wag her tail vigorously, joyously yelping the while, leap on to our bed, give us a lick or two and, for all the world, look like she had been offered a huge leg of mutton”. 
URT – 'Wow, that is really weird. What else?” 
VK – 'When Arvind Kejriwal appeared on TV, Zoey would go all still, crouch like a tiger advancing on its prey, and emit a fearful, elongated growl, baring her fangs, prior to barking her head off. And wouldn't stop barking till Kejriwal was off screen. And when the PM appeared again, it was back to tail wagging and whimpering”. 
URT – 'This is scary, man. Is Zoey psychic?” 
VK – 'Wait, you haven't heard it all. The same hostile body language Zoey exhibited with Kejriwal, she pretty much repeated with RaGa. I tried telling her RaGa is such a sweet, baby faced young chap, but no. It was all a-barking and a-growling. Kejri all over again. Ditto with Akhilesh Yadav and his dad, Sonia Gandhi and Mamata Banerjee. Even the image that went viral, supposedly of one of our ailing political leaders, and turned out to be that of an inert patient from Lima in Peru lying in a coma in her hospital bed for over seven years, could not soothe our Zoey”. 
URT – 'This is too good, yaar. And….?” 
VK – 'The moment either Rajnath Singh, Arun Jaitley or Sambit Patra came on screen, she was back to her happy jumping up and down”. 
URT – ' Elementary, my dear VK. This can mean only one thing. Our Zoey is a confirmed BJP bhakt. Didn't you tell me last time that she loves mutton, chicken, pork, fish etc., but shies away from beef?” 
VK – 'Did I? Now you're being ridiculous.” 
While we were having this discussion in VK's terrace garden, we heard a blood curdling series of high pitched whinnying and manic barking coming from the TV room. 
VK – ”Looks like Zoe's gone nuts. Wonder who's on TV now?” 
We both rushed towards the TV room. To our surprise, we found Zoey cowering under the couch, whimpering in terror, while surprisingly the barking still continued. We turned around looking for the source and found Arnab Goswami on screen shaking his fists and fulminating against those criticizing the Government for surgically striking the enemy. I looked at VK, he looked at me. 
URT – 'Better switch off the TV.” 
VK – 'Yeah. Good idea.” Tweet About Suresh Subrahmanyan 
Bangalore based brand communications consultant, occasional columnist, deeply interested in western classical and Carnatic music and 70s pop and rock, follow cricket and tennis, and an avid fan of P.G. Wodehouse.
ARTICLE

Man searching for unbiased review of ADHM and Shivaay on internet ends up exhausting data pack   trendinfo.com) 
Nikhil Gupta, a resident of Delhi, used up his internet pack on Sunday while searching for an honest review of the movies Ae Dil Hai Mushkil and Shivaay. 
Being a movie aficionado, Mr. Gupta was looking forward to the release of the movies and was following Social Media trends and news about them for the past few weeks, and in the process learned that it's actually possible to judge the content of a movie without watching it. 
He soon realized the universe was divided into two distinct groups, one that loves ADHM and hates Shivaay and the other that loves Shivaay and hates ADHM. The following tweet from Mr. Nikhil Wagle compounded his confusion further: Don't like @karanjohar films. But will watch #AeDilHaiMushkil to oppose hyper nationalism n hooliganism.l 
— nikhil wagle (@waglenikhil) October 21, 2016 
The aforementioned statement spoke volumes about his commitment to the, um, cause he was supporting but did not shed much light on Mr. Johar's filmmaking abilities. He realized he needed to wait for the movie release and read the reviews to decide which one to watch first. 
On Sunday morning, he recharged his internet data pack for a GB and looked up movie reviews on Google. He first opened NDTV's website where the reviewer Saibal Chatterjee gave Shivaay a 2 star rating, which was consistent with his usual ratings that range from 1.5 to 2.5. However, he was surprised to see a 4 star rating for ADHM. 
'How did this miracle happen? Does he have all the keys on his numeric keypad now or has someone at NDTV told him the rating should be done on a 5 point scale?' Mr. Gupta pondered. 
He placed ADHM higher on his priority list, although IMDb ratings of ADHM and Shivaay were 5.4 and 7.6 respectively. When he was about to close the browser, he noticed two contrasting reviews of ADHM on Indian Express. He quickly went through them and was relieved to see the reviews were done by two different individuals and it was not a case of split personality disorder. 
By the time he read the final review on the 10th page of Google, he started to lose faith in humanity, and hence decided to read audience reactions instead, only to find comments, such as 'boycott ADHM' and 'I love Anushka Sharma.' He read thousands of comments, which significantly improved his reading skills but did not help him arrive at a conclusion. While going through the comments, he received a notification from his internet service provider that he had zero balance left on his data pack. 
'Damn, I could've watched both the movies online with 1 GB.' 
He had no choice but to watch the movies and find out himself. He went to the nearest theater and watched both the movies back to back. Later when he came back home, he wrote his own review titled – 'Boycott Ae Dil Hai Mushkil and Shivaay.'
ARTICLE

In a major blow to ear specialists across the country, the nation's noise voice resigned from Times Now, as per several sources. How did celebrities and the general public react? Our correspondent Mark Zuckerpandian brings you some reactions: (Arnab Goswami plays a major role in our hilarious book 'Unreal Aliens”. Get it NOW! ) Tweet About UnReal Mama 
Ek chatur naar badee hoshiyaar, apane hee jaal me phasat jaat ham hasat jaat are ho ho ho ho ho!
ARTICLE

Trapped panelists evacuated from Times Now studio after Arnab quits Posted on Tweet Abhijeet Mukherjee outside the Times Now studio after being rescued by Mumbai police 
In a daredevil operation, Mumbai Police has evacuated Times Now building where a few panelists were trapped for the past several years and were subjected to inhuman torture. The operation lasted for an hour, and it was carried out only after the editor-in-chief Arnab Goswami formally resigned and left the premise. 
Human rights activists have long been highlighting the atrocities carried out inside the office at 9 PM every night and expressing concern about the safety of the panelists, but the police were avoiding a direct face off with the editor-in-chief. 
Once a brave cop tried to enter the office last year but was apprehended by Mr. Goswami who pulled him inside the news room, screaming, 'Let's play debate-debate game,” and forced him to respond to a statement made by the commissioner of police he was working under. The incident transformed his life completely. He quit his job as a cop and devoted his life to the nation, fighting corruption, questioning the system, and reforming society… on Twitter. Legend has it that at 9 PM every night, he becomes a ghost and retweets every tweet shared with the hashtag provided by Times Now. 
Since then, no other policeman could muster up the courage to enter the premise in Mr. Goswami's presence and they were waiting for this day when they could rescue the panelists without having to explain anyone why they exist on earth. And the day finally arrived last night. 
Happiness and freedom wafted in the air as the panelists reunited with their family members outside Times Now's office. 
We spoke to one of the panelists and asked him, 'How does it feel to be free again?” 
'Is it really happening?” his eyes sparkled in joy as he replied, but he quickly regained his composure and continued in a hushed tone, 'Oh, I am sorry.” 
'No, it's ok. You can smile,” we reassured him. 
'Really! Can I smile again?” 
'Yes, you can. Now tell us about your experience inside.” 
'Can I complete a sentence, like a full sentence without anyone stopping me in between and interpreting my half statement the way he wants?” 
'No, no one is going to stop you. Please share your thoughts.” 
He choked as he tried to speak. Words escaped him as he looked over his shoulder at Times Now's building with harrowing memories flashing through his mind, a scenario reminiscent of the concluding part of a science fiction movie where the hero takes stock of the carnage wrecked by the dinosaur throughout the movie. 
As we bade goodbye to him, we noticed thousands of visitors coming in to have a glimpse of the office. There were birds chirping happily on top of the building without anyone interrupting them. There were people walking fearlessly on the roads. There were liberals contemplating on celebrating 1st November as independence day while standing alarmingly close to the office building. The dark days were clearly behind us, although there are unconfirmed reports that he might start his own venture, i.e., he might pop up on your television screen soon in a bigger and more sadistic avatar, and in all likelihood with a hand pump in his hand this time.
ARTICLE

Incredible smoke haze seen outside NDTV office after Arnab quits; bursting of firecrackers suspected Posted on Tweet (Image via shutterstock.com) 
An incredible smoke haze was spotted seen outside the NDTV office on Tuesday. Onlookers claimed that the reason was and uninhibited bursting of firecrackers by people in the building. 
One onlooker claimed he also heard loud firecrackers-like noise near the NDTV office area followed by fumes curling up to form a V-sign. 
Experts say it will be difficult to ascertain the source of the emission. A leading pollution expert opined, 'These days such peculiar fumes can be due to firecrackers during the Diwali season or because of pure human emotions giving rise to intense celebrations, revelry, etc.” 
This incident, according to the onlooker, happened on Tuesday evening, minutes after the news of journalist Arnab Goswami quitting Times Now surfaced. 
The UnReal Times could not verify whether the two events were correlated as the onlooker tried to imply. 
A few onlookers however insisted the fumes could be a smokescreen to hide some kind of celebrations inside the office. The UnReal Times could not even verify whether there was pun intended in this claim. 
Similar incidents of smoke over other media houses were reported too. 
Outside the CNN IBN office, one could see similar fumes rising, triggering alarm bells among onlookers. Again, firecrackers could have been behind the smoke, according to the observers. 
Outside the India Today office, not only was smoke seen rising in the air but a grey-haired man was seen enthusiastically distributing sweets among strangers. 
When asked, what was he celebrating the man replied, 'Should we celebrate Diwali only during Diwali? Why not a day later? Does that mean we have become anti-national?” 
When asked if the celebration had anything to do with the Arnab Goswami resignation, the man replied with a grin, 'Shubhratri. Good night!” 
Strangely, outside the Times Now office, no smoke was detected. Tweet About Amrut Thobbi 
Amrut Thobbi is an editor by profession, satirist by heart and useless as a person. You can follow him at @amrutti on Twitter or Amrut Thobbi on Facebook. He blogs here
ARTICLE

Ashutosh attempts suicide at protest rally, rescued while proofreading suicide note Posted on Tweet (Image via shiningindianews.com) 
Delhi police has foiled a suicide attempt by Aam Aadmi Party spokesperson Ashutosh during a protest rally organized by his party. He was apprehended when he and his team were proofreading his suicide note before attempting suicide. 
He was later sent to 14 days judicial custody where he is currently undergoing a refresher course in grammar and spelling. 
The incident happened yesterday when AAP supremo Arvind Kejriwal organized an impromptu protest rally at Jantar Mantar to expose Narendra Modi, but unfortunately no one from the media turned up for the event. Crestfallen, Mr. Kejriwal decided to go back on Twitter and continue his service for his constituency when an idea crossed his mind. He shared the idea with Ashutosh and urged him to commit suicide. 
'But this is not what I was looking forward to when I joined AAP,” retorted Ashutosh. 
'No, you are not going to die. You will just attempt a suicide. We will call media to cover the event. Just imagine, you will be making headlines, you will be trending on Twitter, everyone will be talking about you. It will be so cool!” 
'Ok, you do it then if it's so cool.” 
'No, I need to oversee the whole event. See, there are two options for you, either do it or find another party.” 
''Which party will take me if I leave AAP?' he pondered for a while and said, 'Ok, let's do it.” 
'Cool, now write a suicide note and let's get on with this.” 
'Ok.” 
AAP party workers gathered around Ashutosh as he typed the opening line on Microsoft Word that read, 'I holed Modi resoncible for my deth…” 
A crack team of 5 proof readers was formed immediately, who advised him about the correction the sentence demanded. 
He grinned and typed, ' sorry responcible …not resoncible .. ” 
'No, you can just delete the words and…” 
Another 5 proof readers were hired urgently to strengthen the team as he continued to type the letter. 
By the time he completed the letter, the language settings on MS Word had automatically turned into Spanish. 
'Done,” Ashutosh pronounced with a satisfactory smile as he beheld his creation for a few seconds before calling police to inform them about his plan. 
'Sir wait, we haven't started proofreading yet,” implored one of the newly hired proofreaders. 
'Do you want me to die for real or what?” 
'No but at least the attempt should look genuine and not a hoax.” 
'Don't worry, I've informed Darya Ganj Police Station. By the time they beat the traffic to reach here, we will not only complete the proofreading but will also complete the suicide…attempt.” 
3 proofreaders immediately started to decode the message in the letter in a separate document, another 3 changed the language settings of MS Word, and the rest started deleting the word 'why' which he had added at the end of every sentence. But it was too much of an ask for 10 mortals and they couldn't even rewrite half of the letter when police arrived at the scene. 
Kejriwal tried to cover up the whole mess and handed over the letter to the police inspector, saying, 'See, what Modi has done to him! He was about to commit suicide.” 
The inspector held the suicide note in front of him and mumbled, 'Oh, Ashutosh. We would need some help here.” 
Experts, including the ones who decoded Nostradamus's predictions, were flown in from various parts of the world to decipher the message in the letter, however, they haven't quite succeeded in their endeavor as reports last came in.
ARTICLE

Hacked emails reveal Hillary funded Trump campaign Posted on Tweet 
'He is the only person who can help me win the presidential election” 
Washington, Nov 2 : Just as things were getting to the point where it cannot get any worse in the sleaziest American presidential campaign ever (unless otherwise it was revealed during the Halloween that Donald Trump is a real zombie), comes the potentially game-changing news that the Republican nominee Donald Trump's campaign has been, for the most part, funded by his fierce Democrat rival Hillary Clinton. 
These details emerged in a series of hacked e-mails of Hillary that she had stored in her 'pen drive'. In one of the emails, Hillary writes to her campaign adviser John Podesta, 'It is now more than abundantly clear that the only person who can make me win in the election is Donald Trump.” She goes on to add, 'But we cannot sit idly hoping that he would do the job for us on his own. We must actively encourage his campaign. In other words, we must fully bankroll him”. 
Podesta, in his reply to the e-mail, concurs with Hillary's line of thinking, 'yeah, you have put it way better than we can.” In fact, he goes one step ahead and lays it all brutally down: 'It is only smart that we start funding his campaign before his camp gets all wise and starts funding our campaign. We don't want a Face/Off kind of situation here where one is the front of the other and vice-versa. As it is, it is difficult telling the two campaigns apart”. 
And as part of the carefully constructed plan, Hillary's team allowed Russian hackers to not only hack her e-mails but also bank accounts, knowing fully well that the hacked mails and money would eventually find their way from the Russians to the Trump camp. 
At one point, Podesta does raise the question what if the Russians pass on only the mails and keep the money themselves. 'Do you want to trust the Russians with all the money? Looks like a dangerous gambit. I'm red-flagging it here itself”. 
But Hillary, who had worked out her strategy pretty smartly, replies Podesta: 'When I say money, we are not going to put actual money that Russians would doubtless run away with.” She adds that the plan is to go the Sodexo coupon route. 'We put humongous amount of Sodexo coupons. Russians wouldn't know to use them and would pass it to Trump's team. I am pretty sure they will lap it up, as I am even more pretty sure that Trump wouldn't have given lunch and dinner allowance to his team”. 
Understandably, the latest e-mail reveals have caused further confusion in a campaign that has never been short of that. The Trump campaign managers lashed out Hillary and her team and accused them 'of (metaphorically) sneaking into enemy's room and poisoning his drink and food”. 
Trump's spokesperson said 'they have used our hands to poke our eyes, which anyway we ourselves were doing. This reveals their desperation. But we aren't fazed. We will continue to do what we have been doing without anybody's bidding.” 
Trump himself, in a speech to his supporters, thundered, 'so you now get the real picture. All my gaffes, stupid remarks and silly antics have all been the fault of that woman. The ridiculous things that I say on a daily basis is all the work of Hillary.” 
He added: 'The crazy things I come up with at all meetings, the media has been there always. I know. I have seen them. Why did they not find out that it was all Hillary's fault”. 
Trump also said that those claiming that I have not paid my taxes have a clear answer now. 'How can I pay taxes for Hillary's money?” 
Trump's parting words were: 'Hillary and her conspiracies are a conspiracy of China. She could be the effect of global warming”. 
Meanwhile, the Hillary campaign team responded to the allegations by saying, 'it is more than a real possibility that the Trump's team might be using Hillary Clinton's body double to create her emails and money accounts.” 
Hillary's aide, in a non-hacked e-mail response, said, 'Trump campaign team is financing Hillary's body double and funding themselves. It doesn't take much to figure this out. It is not rocket science. Just do your math.” 
The aide added: 'We have also reasons to believe that the Trump campaign team is using a Trump body double to address his meetings so that they will have less embarrassment to manage later”. 
Elsewhere, in a totally understandable development, a latest media poll suggested that 100 per cent of Americans would prefer Hillary's body double to Hillary and Trump's body double to Trump. 'The body doubles are assured of a landslide victory”, revealed the poll.
ARTICLE

Street dogs of Kerala call upon superdog Krypto to rescue them from humans Posted on Tweet (Image via comicvine.com) 
Alarmed by the rampant killing of stray dogs in Kerala, the All Kerala Mahasangh of Street Dogs (AKMSD) has called in their trump car, Krypto, to save them from marauding humans. Krypto, as you might know is the Super Dog, from Krypton. 
Doggie Nair, the chairdog of AKMSD says that Krypto is their last hope. 'Nobody else seems to be doing anything for us, irrespective of Menaka Gandhi voicing her support. By the way, I didn't know she was from BJP – I thought all Gandhis were from Congress, and thought she would help, but alas!” he said. 
According to sources, the AKMSD had even reached out to President Vladimir Putin during the recent BRICS summit to see how Russia interacts with stray dogs. Moved by their plight, Putin had called upon the Kerala CM and had referenced Kashtanka, the Russian children story by Anton Chekhov about stray dogs, and tried to argue their case. However, the Kerala CM was unmoved, and said that constant attacks from POK ('Patti Occupied Kerala”) [Patti in Malayalam – Dogs] was not acceptable, and he would keep conducting his surgical stikes attacks. (Off the record: He says the leadership in Kerala still try avoid the 'strike” word, else the GDP of Kerala would drop a few basis points). 
'I should have gone to school, when I was young,” rued Doggie Nair. 'Then I would also be in Kareena Kapoor or Shilpa Shetty's lap, but now look at my job! I'm living a dog's life!” 
We feel for these dogs, and hope a real life Krypto comes to the rescue. 
(Reported by Citizen Satirist Badri Narayanan )
ARTICLE

Pakistan declares nationwide bandh on November 9th in protest against 1-day ban on NDTV Posted on Tweet (Image via ndtv.com) 
Global terror hub Pakistan has called for a nationwide shutdown on the 9th of November, in what it terms a strong protest against the Indian Ministry of Information & Broadcasting's 1-day ban on satire 
Pakistan Prime Minister Raheel Nawaz Sharif, after firing a stinging letter to UN Secretary General Ban Ki Moon, highlighting India's 24-hour ban on NDTV, which he termed a cold-blooded murder of democracy and free speech, officially made the announcement. 'The people of Pakistan stand shoulder to shoulder in solidarity with the employees of NDTV at this time. To make the world get an idea of what is happening in India as well as about how much dear NDTV means to us, the whole of Pakistan will shut down on the 9th of November. This will teach India a lesson,” Sharif stated. If rumours are to be believed, ORF chief Sudheendra Kulkarni and Congress leader Mani Shankar Aiyar are expected to join the agitation across the border. 
Sharif's appeal found resonance not only among Pakistan's citizens, but also among their terrorists. Leading the charge was JuD chief terrorist Hafiz Saeed, who announced a worldwide terror shutdown on the 9th. 'Who does India think they are? After I mentioned that I am a big fan of Barkha Dutt, they go all coward and block her channel for 24 hours! I won't take this insult to our Barkha lightly. I appeal to all my fellow terrorists in Pakistan and in all parts of the world, including the ones in India, to suspend all terror operations on that day to show our solidarity. This way, we will send out a strong message,” Saeed announced. 
The clarion call has been uniting all rival factions in Pakistan by the hour. While PTI chief and former cricketer Imran Khan announced that he would not look to marry anyone on the 9th of November, in complete solidarity with NDTV, former Pakistan External Affairs Minister Hina Rabbani Khar has announced that she would not be purchasing any Birkin bags on that day. 
The countries standing up for NDTV do not seem to be limited to Pakistan alone. According to NDTV's Sreenivasan Jain, the Gaza administration has conveyed similar intentions to him. 'I'm in Gaza right now and every citizen here, right from the safed dhaadis to the kaala dhaadis feel that this is no chota-mota matter. NDTV and I personally mean so much to these people. Even today, whenever people see me on the streets here, they laud my coverage of Snoopgate,” Jain told The UnReal Times . 
While a few journalists at NDTV are still shell-shocked and clueless over what to do during the day, journalist Sunetra Choudhury has signed up for an alternative reading class at JNU. NDTV India's Ravish Kumar declared that he would cover himself up with the black screen he previously used, for the whole day, in protest against the government's move. While Union I&B Minister Venkaiah Naidu is yet to comment on the issue, his predecessor Arun Jaitley is likely to go on leave on November 9th, according to Finance Ministry sources. Tweet About Ashwin Kumar 
1 of the proud columnists of URT, former co-editor of URT Tamil, amateur musician, Real Harris Jayaraj devotee, UnReal T. Rajendar fanatic, passionate about stopping female foeticide.
ARTICLE

Tweet 
The government's one-day ban on NDTV has come under heavy criticism from the media, sections of the Twitterati and those who criticize it for anything and everything anyway. Surprisingly, Dr. Swamy tore into the government for the decision. Check what happens: 

[Black screen]: Wow! You are great, Swamy ji. By the way, which caste? 

Yeh kya ho gaya? = What has happened? 

Entra idhi? = What is this?
ARTICLE

Ravish Kumar's prime time show nominated for Filmfare Awards under best drama series Posted on Tweet (Image via youtube.com) 
Ravish Kumar's prime time show has been nominated for the Filmfare Awards under the category of best drama series. The Filmfare Awards Committee has unanimously decided to nominate the show after watching the thought-provoking episode titled ' Are we to stop questioning? ' which was aired last night. 
During the screening of the show on NDTV India, viewers across India witnessed cinematographic brilliance, portraying the unjust system we live with, and Ravish Kumar, who previously produced the cult classic 'The Dark Screen' has once again won millions of hearts with his powerful performance. 
Although the show was primarily aimed at raising awareness about freedom of expression and highlighting the fascism that prevails in Modi's regime, the jury members were particularly impressed by the dramatized presentation of the show by the immensely creative Ravish Kumar. 
The show opens with toxic air engulfing the city of Delhi, a metaphor for the oppression we have been subjected to, where the oppressor menacingly walks on the streets, keeping an eye on each and every individual. 
A couple of mime artists appear on the screen in the next segment and beautifully portray the ugly truth that we as a society should be ashamed of, a horrifying reality that most of us were unaware of. 
'The views are not only factually incorrect but also irrelevant to the issue he is trying to address,” one of the peons at The Times Group office raised an objection while serving tea to the jury members, 'Isn't this show supposed to be about the ban imposed on NDTV? The channel has been asked to go off air for leaking sensitive information but he is completely digressing here and talking about an imaginary authority that punishes those who question its actions.” 
'That's called creative liberty, my friend,” asserts the jury member. 
The jury will decide the winner by the end of this month and the award will be formally presented at 62nd Britannia Filmfare Awards to be held next year. 
Meanwhile, TV production houses were queuing up to rope in Ravish Kumar for their next ventures after watching his show, but Balaji telefilms has apparently won the race. Sources revealed that he could be seen in the upcoming season of Kumkum Bhagya.
ARTICLE

Jantar Mantar builder Maharaja Jai Singh II reincarnates to beat up Kejriwal for squatting everyday Posted on Tweet 
A major scuffle broke out between the incarnation of Maharaja Jai Singh II, the original owner of Jantar Mantar and Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal on Saturday over the rights to use Jantar Mantar. However, the property dispute was later resolved when Mr. Kejriwal decided to leave the place and protest at Red Fort. 
Maharaja Jai Singh II, who built Jantar Mantar in 1724, had reincarnated in 1967, and has been keeping an eye on his property for the past few decades from a tea stall across the road. 
He was delighted to see tourists from all over the world coming in to admire the structure he constructed, and his self-esteem had hit an all time high when he learned from the tea stall owner that his Jantar Mantar is one of the most popular tourist attractions in India. 
However, for the past few years, he started to become a bit wary of a muffler-clad gentleman sneaking into the premise on a regular basis with a group of people. Initially he gave him the benefit of the doubt assuming they were just a group of theater artists hired by the administrators to entertain the tourists, but soon he realized that the man was popping up almost every day. 
'Damn, even I didn't come here that often when I was the king,” grumbled Mr. Singh. 
And on Saturday when Mr. Kejriwal sauntered to Jantar Mantar again after breakfast, he said, 'Enough is enough,” and decided to confront him. 
He patiently waited at the gate and when Mr. Kejriwal was leaving the ground after dharna , he stopped him and asked, 'What are you doing here?” 
Mr. Kejriwal was dumbfounded by the question. He was not expecting anyone to question his rights to enter the place he belongs to, and he mumbled,”Umm, protesting.” 
'What?” 
'We…ahem,” he cleared his throat and said, 'We are protesting.” 
'Fine, but why here?” 
'This is the place where we come to when we have to protest. This is where magic happens.” 
'Go and protest elsewhere.” 
'Where else can we go?” 
'Protest in your house, your office, or go to JNU, but stay away from my property.” 
'Your property? Does this place have an owner?” 
'Yes, I own this place.” 
'Hello, this is our official protest venue and we will protest here.” 
Mr. Singh lost his cool. He grabbed him by the collar and pushed him to the ground. 
'Oh, I get it, a Modi agent!” said Kejriwal, a hint of rabid glee on his face. 'Go and tell your boss that Kejriwal is not scared of anyone,” he hollered. 
The news spread like wildfire and AAP supporters started tweeting about how Modi is not letting Kejriwal work. A few articles were hurriedly published about the emergency like situation created by Modi. 
Meanwhile, a couple of policemen heard the commotion at the ground and rushed to the scene, screaming, 'Ink attack, ink attack.” 
'No, but it's an attack on democracy. He is not letting me protest here,” Kejriwal pointed to Jai Singh. 
'But why cannot he protest? He lives here,” one of the policemen asked Maharaja Jai Singh and then turned to Kejriwal and inquired, 'You own this place, right?” 
'Umm, no.” 
'Then?” 
'No, I mean, there are open spaces, ideal for protests and no one stops us so…” 
'Then you cannot use this place,” asserted the police inspector. 
'If Delhi police were under the control of AAP, I would've suspended you and this guy would've been behind the bars.” 
'You mean he would've been giving company to your MLAs?” they giggled. 
Kejriwal glared daggers at the policemen. 'Fine, I am leaving. I will go to Red Fort.” 
'Why do you need to protest at historical places?” 
'Because I will create history!” he avowed and left for Red Fort. 
He was later seen at Red Fort practicing Independence Day Speech from the ramparts.
ARTICLE

People in cities other than Delhi spray Fog deo all over to get media attention Posted on Tweet (Image via hindustantimes.com) 
Desperate to get media attention over the rising pollution levels in their areas, citizens in cities like Patna, Gwalior Allahabad and Raipur are spraying Fog deo all over in hope that someone will pay close attention to their woes as well. 
'We have been watching non-stop coverage of the unprecedented pollution levels in the national capital for a few weeks now. But what people don't realize is that our cities are polluted too. Nobody talks about this because we don't live in Delhi,” said a Patna citizen coughing but not giving up before completing the sentence. 
A person who regularly travels to Gwalior was not optimistic that spraying deodorant all over the city will get the media attention. But he saw a silver lining in the artificial cloud. 'I hate visiting Gwalior because my in-laws stay there. But the Fog deo now sprayed all over gives the city a new odour and I like it. There you go, finally, a good reason for me to visit my wife's city.” 
People of Allahabad too have been shocked as the 'city of prime ministers' has been neglected by the media when it comes to air pollution. 'The only time our city and the state gets eyeballs is when there is infighting in the family of the party that rules us. When will the media realize that the pollution in UP too is going UP?” 
A dejected Raipur citizen said that one day he hopes his city too is placed on the pollution map of the country. 'One day, I wish to see a special broadcast on prime-time news shows on the pollution levels in my city.” 
When asked what else was happening in the city apart from air contamination, the person replied, 'Bas, Fog hi chal raha hai. (Duh! Fog is in the air.)” Tweet About Amrut Thobbi 
Amrut Thobbi is an editor by profession, satirist by heart and useless as a person. You can follow him at @amrutti on Twitter or Amrut Thobbi on Facebook. He blogs here
ARTICLE

Arvind Kejriwal promises to make Delhi pollution-free once he is made the Prime Minister Posted on Tweet 
Delhi Chief minister Arvind Kejriwal who has off late come a under lot of pressure on the crumbling state of the Indian capital due to severe air pollution has promised his critics to clean up the air in the capital once he is elected as the prime minister of India. The AAP supremo claims that an imandar sarkar at the center will ensure that the future Delhi state government gets in line thereby making Delhi a smog free city. 
'Doston, the center is not allowing the state to function and that's why I need to become the PM to perform the duties of the CM. Once I become the PM of India, I'll have all the power to rule the capital and so, besides cleaning its air, several new flyovers would be made, there would be no traffic jams, 15 lakh CCTVs would be installed, free Wi-Fi will be provided for all, new DTC buses would be inducted, Yamuna would cleaned and most importantly Delhi would attain full statehood,” said Kejriwal. 
'Even corrupt Sheila ji could clean Delhi's air significantly by decongesting Delhi through flyovers and metro and it was only possible because she had support from the corrupt center. Corrupt-Corrupt mil ke kaam kar lete they [Corrupt and corrupt worked together] . Once I become the PM, I will give all the support to the city just like the old times,” he added, while speaking at a press conference wearing a gas mask. 
On a question regarding state and center relations, Kejriwal said, ' Aisa bhi ho sakta hai [It might happen] that the future Delhi CM might not cooperate, but since we will be honest and strict, we will get the CM in line and make him perform all that we are not able to do now. In short I would not be a weak PM like Modiji,” said Kejriwal, and added, 'And if the situation gets really bad, I can get Delhi under the center. And in the worst case scenario, I'll become Delhi's CM again. Whatever the case may be, I'll ensure that Delhi becomes a clean and green city.” 
AAP leaders have unanimously supported Arvind's view point and claimed that they too need central ministry positions to solve all the problems of Delhi. 
'If you want to fix the Delhi once and for all, the first step would be to help Kajariwal win the Punjab election and make him its CM. Once that is done we will take the next step and win the UP election and Kajariwal will be its CM also. Everyone knows that the party who wins the UP bags the center and thus by the 2019 he will become the prime minister of India to solve all the problems of Delhi state including air pollusion,” said AAP stalwart, Ashutosh. 
(DMAN aka Divyamaan is the author of the spoof book 'The Bogus Read' ) Tweet About D-MAN 
A jack of many trades who now wants to master some. Born wisecracker who makes every effort to get the maximum out of life. He facebooks here and tweets here .
ARTICLE

Liberals urge NASA to release satellite map of 'Diwali pollution” in India Posted on Tweet 
In a written petition via Change.org, as many as 420 Indian liberals from a group named 'Liberals for Indian Equality & Secularism” (LIES) have urged the National Aeronautical Space Agency to release a satellite map highlighting pollution all over India, during the Hindu festival of lights, Diwali. According to the petition, the map would go a long way in effectively eradicating the menace of pollution, which according to them, was largely due to the festival. 
A copy of the petition has been provided to us by The UnReal Times' liberal beat reporter Christopher Ali Kumar, who himself is one of its signatories: 
'Respected Mr. Bolden, 
We are a group of concerned Indian citizens, who have united to seek your assistance in order to once and for all eradicate the catastrophic menace of pollution due to the Hindu festival called Diwali. Diwali, which is the festival of lights, has unfortunately been misappropriated by the communal, right-wing, divisive, Hindutva forces who viciously pollute the atmosphere, scare away and even injure poor, defenseless animals and birds with their egregious bursting of crackers and fireworks. Often, these majoritarian celebrations have gone overboard and out of control, disturbing the peaceful minorities, unsettling secularism and communal harmony, which are the foundations for the very idea of India. Accidental injuries to their own selves too have proved to be of no avail when it comes to curbing these detrimental ceremonies. Pardon the pun, Mr. Bolden, but the fact that they have a favorable Prime Minister in Narendra Modi only seems to have emboldened them all the more. 
All this is notwithstanding the fact that India's national capital is already among the world's most polluted cities. We recently determined that despite multiple statements of denials from your agency, a satellite map of India purported to be released by your esteemed organization, still continues to go viral every year, during this season and otherwise. Given the unmitigated response that the image has been getting for over a decade now, we beseech your organization to consider releasing a satellite map depicting India's alarming, fatal pollution levels during the Diwali season. We are of the strong, firm belief that such an image would dramatically and remarkably pay off in wiping away the gross misfortune of Diwali pollution. 
If releasing such a map would be too much trouble, we are absolutely okay even with a hoax image which you could 'leak.' We could take it forward from there and ensure a significant impact. 
While it is real journalism to convey facts, it is courageous, important journalism to drive home a narrative for the betterment of people and like on countless other occasions, we firmly believe that, this time too, thanks to the prevalent, highly polluted atmosphere in India, the latter requires our unstinting support. 
Looking forward to your cooperation and support, 
Warm regards, LIES” 
According to Kumar, another petition is in the works urging the UNESCO to declare Diwali as the most polluting festival. Tweet About Ashwin Kumar 
1 of the proud columnists of URT, former co-editor of URT Tamil, amateur musician, Real Harris Jayaraj devotee, UnReal T. Rajendar fanatic, passionate about stopping female foeticide.
ARTICLE

Hafiz Saeed and Geelani to dress up as mime artists on Ravish Kumar's show in solidarity with NDTV Posted on Tweet 
Notwithstanding the I&B ministry's decision to stay its decision to black out NDTV for a day for revealing sensitive information during counter-terror operations in Pathankot (and Kargil and 26/11), fans of NDTV continue to emerge in support of the channel. 
Following journalist Ravish Kumar creative show featuring mime artists, presumably representing a silent protest against the government's decision, NDTV found two unlikely but perhaps not so unlikely allies in Syed Ali Shah Geelani and Hafiz Saeed. The separatist and the terrorist have announced their decision to participate in Ravish Kumar's show as mime artists. 
'Nobody has done more for the Kashmir freedom struggle than Barkha Dutt ji,” raved Geelani to our correspondent. 'I know that I am recognized as the leader of Kashmiri freedom, but truth be told, my commitment to the cause pales in comparison to Barkha ji's. She used her brilliance and blamed terrorism in the valley on the rise of hindutva in India! She has highlighted a plan of blaming the burning of schools on Diwali crackers. She is a true Kashmiri patriot. Just as Jinnah is the Father of the Nation in Pakistan, we hope to make Barkha ji the Mother of the Nation when we'll get our freedom. The least I can do is show solidarity with NDTV. I will dress as a mime artist on Ravish's next show,” said Geelani before excusing himself to practice miming for the show. 
Hafiz Saeed was harder to track down. But our stringers in Pakistan reported that the 26/11 mastermind had been inconsolable ever since the government announced its decision to ban NDTV for a day and had spent an entire day binge watching 'The Buck Stops Here' with teary eyes. When the tears dried up, he sprang to his feet, yelled 'Yeh sab RAW ne kiya hai!” and decided to join the battle for Freedom Of Expression by joining Ravish's show as a mime artist. 
In other news, Arun Jaitley was spotted creating several Bot accounts on Twitter and retweeting Barkha Dutt's tweets. 
(Reported by Citizen Satirist Natasha )
ARTICLE

Tweet 
It seems to be PM Modi's signature style. He will often stay silent for a prolonged period of time, absorbing criticism, ridicule and even abuse from opponents and sympathisers, and then suddenly, seemingly like a bolt from the blue, he will do something that trolls the pants off his critics. Yesterday was one such day when PM Modi once again proved to media houses that his is the prime time show with the highest TRPs when he announced via an address to the nation that his government is abolishing Rs. 500 and Rs. 1000 notes, effective midnight. Some initial reactions to Modi's decision to abolish Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes pic.twitter.com/YwBN3e5rCJ 
— The UnReal Times (@TheUnRealTimes) November 8, 2016 
Even as black money hoarders writhed and squirmed, PM Modi rubbed it in with his version of English. As if his decision wasn't enough, PM Modi purposely dragged out his English address to add insult to injury to black money holders #Legend 
— The UnReal Times (@TheUnRealTimes) November 8, 2016 
For a while after the address, there were no reactions from PM Modi's political opponents, mostly because many of them were scrambling to get rid of their cash by midnight. The means they adopted followed from their respective intellectual abilities. Some did this… JUST IN: Suresh Kalmadi spotted trying to buy 100 kilos of onion using 500 rupee notes 
— The UnReal Times (@TheUnRealTimes) November 8, 2016 
…while others decided to take advantage of the fact that government hospitals will continue to accept 500/1000 rupee notes for another three days One way for black money holders to spend some of their money is to get a heart attack and get treated in a govt hospital in the next 3 days 
— The UnReal Times (@TheUnRealTimes) November 8, 2016 
We thought we'd give people an option, but it remains to be seen how many fell for it… Attention folks. We are ready to accept 500 rupee notes from anyone who buys 'Unreal Aliens” and posts snapshot :P https://t.co/gE186TXsd4 
— The UnReal Times (@TheUnRealTimes) November 8, 2016 
Some unfortunate souls, however, were short on options. The worst affected are media anchors who desperately want to go out & spend their 500 / 1000 notes but are forced to do debates on the move 
— The UnReal Times (@TheUnRealTimes) November 8, 2016 
While Arnab Goswami predictably raved about the move, veteran journalist Rajdeep Sardesai equally predictably was busy looking for a contrarian voice… Rajdeep Sardesai moving from panelist to panelist hoping to get someone to agree with his '..or is it a foolhardy move?” 
— The UnReal Times (@TheUnRealTimes) November 8, 2016 
…and eventually found one in Congress spokesperson Sanjay Jha who inexplicably brought up Panama papers like he inexplicably brings up 2002 in every debate concerning Modi. Back on Times Now, Saba Naqvi tried to evoke pathos by talking about the poor housewife or domestic help who will be inconvenienced, only to be promptly trounced by the nation's noise. 
NDTV would normally have featured an interview with finance minister Arun Jaitley, and he was willing too, but… Arun Jaitley to NDTV: 'Aa jaun kya interview ke liye?” NDTV: 'Er, no Jaitley ji, we're busy until midnight” 
— The UnReal Times (@TheUnRealTimes) November 8, 2016 
Meanwhile, down in Mumbai, residents heard a string of loud FMLs and curses from a posh residence near Mafatlal Park. When the man inside was done cursing, he picked up the phone to talk to PM Modi: How this surgical strike may help PM Modi fulfill another poll promise… pic.twitter.com/rWwrQIZt4f 
— The UnReal Times (@TheUnRealTimes) November 8, 2016 
At least for those in India this was just one blow. For some across the border, this was PM Modi's second surgical strike. Somewhere in Pakistan… pic.twitter.com/vtUHaLVXML 
— Karthik Laxman (@karthlax) November 8, 2016 
While Modi was trolling others, a beggar decided to troll a specific politician… 
— The UnReal Times (@TheUnRealTimes) November 8, 2016 
When he was done trolling everyone in the real world, PM Modi trolled some in the unreal world too… Just got payment from BJP for unreal services rendered – a bag of Rs. 500 / 1000 rupee notes and a post-it saying 'LOL” 
— The UnReal Times (@TheUnRealTimes) November 8, 2016 
When all the tamasha was done and dusted, a satisfied PM Modi caught up with BJP President Amit Shah to get a cup of tea. An awestruck Amit Shah who probably hadn't been told about the move in advance either, asked PM Modi what his plans were… PM Modi's next Surgical Strike pic.twitter.com/CDQ73jLTsE Tweet About UnReal Mama 
Ek chatur naar badee hoshiyaar, apane hee jaal me phasat jaat ham hasat jaat are ho ho ho ho ho!
ARTICLE

Tweet 
A truckload of eggs smashed into the faces of American liberals after controversial leader Donald Trump trounced Hillary Clinton to become the 45th President of the United States of America . Our correspondent Mark Zuckerpandian brings you a collection of reactions, especially from India: Tweet About UnReal Mama 
Ek chatur naar badee hoshiyaar, apane hee jaal me phasat jaat ham hasat jaat are ho ho ho ho ho!
ARTICLE

NRI Muslim returns to India from US, says intolerance is over now Posted on Tweet (Image via knowyourmeme.com) 
An Indian Muslim, who has been residing in the United States for the past one year, has finally decided to return home after the results of the US presidential election were announced. 
Javed Ayub, a 30-year-old software developer, who had left for the US last year after getting a job offer during the dark days of intolerance in India ahead of Bihar election, had come to the realization yesterday that normalcy had finally been restored in India and hence there was no reason for him to live in a foreign land anymore. He immediately mailed his resignation letter to his boss and uploaded his resume on Naukri.com. 
Speaking to our correspondent, Mr. Ayub said, 'I realized yesterday that my country needed me, but I was unsure as to whether the election results triggered the thought or I was really missing my homeland. Later when I was watching a movie…” 
'Swades?” we inquired. 
'Hmm, so while watching the movie, I could hear my heart pleading to me, 'Ye jo des hai tera, swades hai tera, tujhe hai pukaaraaaa…” 
'Is it actually possible?” 
'Don't know about yours but my heart definitely can sing.” 
'But why did you leave India in the first place?” 
'Well, let's be honest, things were not that great last year.” 
'But nothing has changed since then. People still fight over issues they are not remotely concerned about in reality.” 
'That happens only on the internet. Do the same people fight in real world? No.” 
'But can you really live peacefully amid sanghis and bhakts?” 
'Arrey, no no, we never classified anyone. When there are 1.25 billion people living together, there will be difference of opinions, but we need to resolve our differences amicably, because at the end of the day, we are one big family.” 
'Anyway, that was a good decision. So, whom did you support in the US election?” 
'Hillary Clinton.” 
'Was it because of Trump's anti-Muslim statements or was there any other reason behind it?” 
'No, no other reason. He is a racist and that's why I did not support him. If I had a voter Id card, I would've voted against him,” his eyes darted towards a poster of Madonna on the wall in his living room as we concluded the interview.
ARTICLE

Tweet (Image via intoday.in) 
Just as the Indian economy is facing the evil of black money , Facebook and Twitter have seen the menace of fake and anonymous accounts growing in the past few years. As per the latest data, Facebook has approximately 71 million active Indian users out of which 15 million are anonymous/fake while Twitter has 22 million active Indian users out of which 7 million are anonymous/fake, posing a big threat to the idea of troll-less (white) social media. 
Announcing this historic move, the CEOs of Facebook and Twitter issued a joint statement: 'All anonymous / fake accounts with more than 500 friends / 1000 followers will be suspended at 12 midnight of 9th November. These friends/ followers along with content can be transferred to the original account till 31st December 2016.” 
Here are some of the highlights of the historic speech: 1. No content can be posted / tweeted / shared / re-tweeted from the anonymous/fake account after 12 am of 9th Nov. 2. The content of the anonymous account can be transferred by submitting an original DP/ original name. The last date for the same is 31st Dec. 3. In case of an emergency post (like trolling a politician / cricketer / film celebrity), user can login using his original login details and post for the next 72 hours. 4. All users with less than 100 followers will continue to exist and be spared from suspension. 5. A daily withdrawal cap of 2000 tweets/day has been put which will be later increased to 4000 tweets/day 
'Your content and followers will remain yours. No need to panic. You have 50 days to submit the proof,” assured Zuckerberg. 
The decision elicited mixed reviews: some predicted that social media will see a downfall in the coming few days while others welcomed the move considering its effects in the long run.
ARTICLE

Samsung sales double in Pakistan after reports of exploding devices Posted on Tweet (Image via mirror.uk) 
Amidst reports of plummeting mobile phone sales, widespread losses, exploding Note 7s, J5s and washing machines, Samsung might have found a morally depressing silver lining. Our correspondent understands from his sources that Pakistani businessmen, investors, realtors and dealers have expressed interest to invest in faulty Samsung devices. 
One Pakistani businessman, speaking on the condition of anonymity, said, 'Yeah, I am one of the biggest traders in my district. I've dealt with guns, grenades, IEDs, but never something as innovative as an exploding cell phone. You have no idea how tough it is to smuggle such goods through airports. As it is, our potential recruits are dumb enough to scan themselves , so forget the thought of taking weapons past the scanner. But if we manage to get to get a few phones, it will be revolutionary!” 
Another, an investor whose line of work involves making losses by financing suicide-bomb teachers and trainees, is glad that his colleagues are trying to use phones instead of the regular IEDs. 'Teachers and trainees are less likely to die by the explosion of a single phone and I might have a chance of getting my money back,” he exclaimed, with an expression of delight on his face that is seen only when he looks at goats. 
Realtors of Pakistan (No, not the kind who sell land like in the rest of the world) are overjoyed by the thought of burying washing machines instead of landmines, which they claim are far less expensive and far more beautiful to look at. 
Sources also add that lobbies in Pakistan wanted their government to ink MoUs with Samsung to import their Note 7s and washing machines, but didn't as they aren't sure who's running their government. 
Samsung hasn't commented on the interest shown by Pakistanis yet. Indian sources expect that they will dignify Pakistan with a (non-)response the same way the United Nations responds to Nawaz Sharif for his 'Mummy!-India-used-my-rubber'-type complaints.
ARTICLE

Tweet (Image via intoday.in) 
This week, the Central government proved what the philosophers have been saying for ages: Change is the only constant. 
The announcement that the existing Rs.500 and Rs.1000 notes will no longer be valid tender has created a huge confusion among the general public, especially among the poor and lower middle class, the section that mostly doesn't get to see those two denominations. 
Here at Crank's Corner , which is always clearing misgivings of people on matters of public importance, we have come up with yet another primer on the whole issue answering some questions on money and economics with our usual yen for irresponsibility. The answers will be so irresponsible and totally false that they would soon be WhatsApped to you by your well-meaning friends and relatives as confirmed news. 
1. Why were Rs.500 and Rs.1000 demonetised ? 
The Central government and the Finance Ministry had credible intelligence inputs that black money hoarders and terrorist networks had somehow managed to figure out that the existing Rs. 500 and Rs. 1000 notes didn't have special computer chips to track them, and hence the government has had to come up with new rupee notes that are so technologically advanced that, quite frankly, you can use them as a debit card in all places, even in places that doesn't have a card-swiping facility. 
No, just kidding. The new currency doesn't have any special feature. But you can rest assured that all Indian legal Indian tender come with the ultimate guarantee of the Indian Constitution: 'I hereby promise the bearer of this currency the unfettered right to scribble stuff like 'I love Priyanka' in the blank space provided for the explicit purpose” 
2. Can you give us some historical background to currencies? 
Before the advent of metal coins and paper rupees, as you would doubtless know barter system was in vogue where people exchanged goods and services for goods and services. For example, people with cattle exchanged them with those who had, say, knife or axe. And having got a knife or axe, they used the same to threaten and get the same cattle back. Life was mostly simple and straight forward then. 
But the problem was there were many who had nothing to offer. They all became economists and eventually came up with the concept of money. 
Okay, this is not entirely true. Some of them also became journalists. 
India, of course, was one of the earliest users of coins in the world, its history dating back to around 6th century BC, a period which — all Historians are unanimous on this — was very, very long back. 
Closer back in time, the Reserve Bank of India — keeping in mind its essential character — was set up on the April Fool's Day of 1935. In those non-technological days, every rupee, except Rupee one, used to be painstakingly signed by the RBI Governor, which to this day remains his only major work. The issuance of one rupee is outside the purview of RBI, and the minting of coins has been outsourced to a metal company in Guindy Industrial Estate. 
3. In the aftermath of demonetisation , gold prices have shot up, Your views on investing one's savings in gold 
Gold has always been a traditional hedge investment against other instruments that are prone to various vagaries. The government itself has invested hugely in gold, which it uses during times of economic contingency like when having to pay bonuses for government employees during Deepavali or to meet out expenses of the President or the Vice President who have to fly to other countries on emergency goodwill mission. 
The government is said to have reserves above 550 tonnes of gold and during Indira Gandhi's time there was a smart move to store them as ornaments, especially in the form of kangan sets and ottianam . But the matter didn't move forward because to this day no one knows how jewellers actually price their stuff. 
4. Enough of history. What should I do in case I am unable to withdraw cash from my bank? 
The important thing is not to panic, at no point should you…no wait, drop that knife. Also, slapping bank employees is banned under the Income Tax Act. 
5. A friend has given me a few 1000 and 500 rupee notes to pay them in my account. Can I? 
Remember you are not supposed to remit in your account somebody else's money, also you should not give your place in the ATM line to anybody else. If you do, 250% fine will be levied on you and your spouse. In which case, it is your sole responsibility to prove to the IT authorities that you don't have a spouse at all. 
6. If I still have some queries on demonetisation , whom should I approach? 
You may approach the control room of RBI by telephone (your secret pin number is written on your new notes) and the RBI will be only too happy to put your call on hold. Urjit Patel personally would like to answer your call, but at the moment he is busy signing some rupee notes.
ARTICLE

Tweet 
Neeraj Pandey is all set to release the sequel to his 2008 thriller drama A Wedenesday. The movie is titled A Wednesday: Re-Modified , and is centered on PM Modi's masterstroke to abolish Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes. 
The protagonist is an old chai wallah who is frustrated after serving chais from morning to evening to affluent people. The poor chai wallah is highly irritated when people emerge from luxurious cars offer notes of 500 and 1000 to him and ask 'Chacha Chuttey kar do”. He sees it as a mockery to his honest profession at the hands of people who have no worth of Gandhi's ideals or his currency notes. 
Tired of large currency notes and the people who flaunt them he climbs to the roof top of an under construction building and calls the RBI Governor to share his 'Man ki Baat'. He asks the governor to ban 500 and 1000 currency notes from Wednesday onwards. If not, he would detonate bombs kept in Chaipatti dabbas delivered as a Diwali gift by him to all banks in the city. The conversation that ensues is as below: 
(Disclaimer: This conversation is in Hindi) 
Chai Wallah (CW) : Aapke ghar me cockroach aata hai to aap kya karte hai Governor saab.Aap unko paalte nahi maartey hain. Ye dono note kaala dhan ban kar mere ghar ko ganda kar rhae the aur aaj main apna ghar saaf karna chahta hoon. 
Gov: Tum ho kaun? 
CW: Main wo hu jo apne pocket me itna chiller le kar rakhta hai ki kbhi usse koi 500 ka kbhi 1000 ka chutta karwa leta hai. Main wo hun jo month end hone pe ye sochta hai ki is baar savings account me minimum balance maintain hoga ya nahi, ya is baar IT walo ne kitna tax kaata hoga. Main wo hoon jo mahiney ki aakhri taarikh pe office jata hai to uski biwi har do ghante baad phone kar k puchti hai ki chai pee ki nahi, khana khaya ki nahi. Dar asal wo ye jaan na chahti hai ki salary mili ki nahi. 
Main wo bhi hu jo kabhi Credit Card k line me fasta hai, kbhi Aadhar card k. Main wo bhi hoon jo saal me do baar SALE season ka wait krta hai. .Main wo hu jo jab shaan se apne imaandari k two wheeler pe nikalta hai to kbhi Mercedes ko side deta hai, kbhi Fortuner ko. Gaadi koi bhi brand ki ho bewajah side hota mai hi hoon. Bheed to dekhi hogi na aapne. Bheed me se koi bhi working class ko dekh lijiye main wo hoon. I am just a stupid Chai Wallah, sorry common man wanting to equalise everyone's debts. 
Gov: Aaj Achanak Ye Stupid Comman Man Kaise Jag Gaya, wo Bhi 100 kilo chai patti k saath. 
CW: Kyun, Jag gaya to taklif ho rahi hai ?? Jindgi bhar ghut – ghut ke marte rahna chahiye tha mujhe…Dusro ko apne saamne amir hote dekhte rehna chahiye tha mujhe .. aur ye achanak nahi hua hai Governor sahab, Yu kahiye ki time nahi mila , fijul k media k uljhano me aur Videsh se kala dhan laane k chakkar me ye kaam jara neglect ho gaya, Lekin der aaye durast aaye.. Wo dono notes aaj hi ban honge… 
Gov: Lekin ye do hi kyun? Aur bhi to hain 100 aur 50 k notes? 
CW: Bas 100 aur 50 hi to hai humare paas saab inko ban kiya to khayega kya common man. 
Gov: Tumhara koi apna kareebi kya tumse jyada rich hai ya jyada badi gaadi hai uske paas jisne tumahre Chai wala hone ka majak udaya? 
CW: Kyun..mujhe us din ka wait krna chahiye jab koi apna, mere se jyada paise kama kar mujhe beijjat kar k chala jaaye. Jaan na hi hai to suniye. Ek marwadi tha jo roj mere dukaan pe aata aur 7 rupaye ki ek cutting chai pi k chal jaata. Naam nahi jaanta tha uska bas Udhaar khaatey me uska phone number rakha tha maine aur naam rakha tha Udhaari. Ek din wo ek kaali mercedes me aya aur 1000 ke dus note de kar bola 'Chacha udhaar utaar dena aur KEEP THE CHANGE”. 
Gov: To tum ye us last k english sentence k badle me kar rhe ho? 
CW: Nahi nahi nahi…English me itna weak bhi nahi hoon. I always knew what CHANGE is. After all we brought the CHANGE in 2014. par ye acceptable nahi hai saab..ki koi bhi meri chai dukaan k saamne apne kaale dhan ki kaali gaadi me, kaale suit me aakar, apne kaale dhan k 1000 k note ko futkar kara le. Unhe fakra hai apne badi gaadiyon pe, 1000 aur 500 ki gaddiyon pe, Hawala transactions pe…mujhe fakra hai khud pe..ki main aise logon k 1000 aur 500 ke notes ko ban karwa raha hoon. 
Gov: Tum saabit kya karna chahte ho? 
CW: Main saabit kuch nahi krna chahta . Governor saab main bas aapko yaad dilana chahta hoon ki people live in poverty by force and not by choice. Aapko kya lagta hai ki jo log kaala dhan rakhte hain wo system se jyada inteligent hai? Arey internet pe 'how to hide money in India' search kar k dekhiye, teen sau baawan sites milengi ki kaala dhan kaise chupaye. 
Gov: Tumhari ye home made add salt to toothpaste wali philosophy galat hai ..ye sahi tarika nahi hai. ? logon ko time to do. 
CW: Haan..lekin aaj main tarikey k baarey me nahi! Natijey k baarey me soch raha hoon. Aap log saksham hai aise logon se niptaara paaney k liye. Par nahi..Why are you not nipping them in the bud. Mujhe yakin hai ki jo us din wo Udhaari apne black money ka note de kar Keep the change bola tha..wo ek bahut bada sawaal tha. Ki hum to aise hi black money hoard kar k amir ban jaayenge…ki tumse1000 aur 500 k futkar maangenge..Tum kya kar loge. Yes! They asked us this question… on a Monday, mocked us on a Tuesday… I am just replying on A Wednesday! 
(Reported by Citizen Satirist Aayush . Originally published here .)
ARTICLE

Boy wearing a 'My dad is an ATM' T-shirt chased by mob; father frisked, robbed Posted on Tweet 
Rakesh Bemaani, the 16-year old son of billionaire Lokesh Bemaani, was caught in a mad chase yesterday, which resulted in his father being attacked by a vicious, bloodthirsty mob. The reason? The unsuspecting youngster was wearing one of the popular t-shirts that read 'My dad is an ATM.” (Image via redbubble.net) 
A horrified Rakesh has vowed to never, ever don the t-shirt henceforth. 'There I was, zooming around in my Merc as usual, with a few cops on the road saluting me. But as I was driving, I happened to notice large queues on the roads, outside ATMs. I thought of seeing what the problem was and stepped out of the car. The moment the crowd saw me, they looked intently at each other and before I knew it, they collectively sprinted towards me, gunning for my throat. I quickly hopped into my car and sped away, but they chased me unflinchingly. Thankfully, I saw my dad, surrounded by a few security guards, just returning from his morning walk. The guards were of no avail, as the mob overpowered them with ease and started frisking dad all over. Some of them even stuffed his mouth with their debit cards, hoping for some notes to come out. Thankfully, dad had only ₹500 and ₹1000 rupee notes in his wallet, so the mobsters threw the wallet right back at his face, spat at us and went back. It was only after the melee subsided, did I realize the reason for it all happening – I was wearing one of my dozen of 'My dad is an ATM' t-shirts. Phew! Never putting these on again,” the harrowed Rakesh narrated to The UnReal Times . 
Companies manufacturing the t-shirts have offered to insert a 'NOT' in the middle of the statement for free. 'We're recalling all such t-shirts and without any payment, we're willing to stitch a ^ NOT after the 'is' and before the 'an.' The safety and security of our customers is our topmost concern,” one such clothing manufacturer stated. 
The Bemaani family, however, received a flurry of support from the Bollywood fraternity. Tweeting to PM Narendra Modi was actor Arshad Warsi, who stated, 'Mr. PM, your so-called masterstroke and surgical strike is paining not only the poor and common men, but also the billionaires. Of what good is all this, really? Can you please come back to India and repeal this goddamn rule? I don't mind sponsoring your return ticket, if you do this!” Warsi was followed by director Anurag Kashyap, who tweeted angrily to the PM demanding an apology. 
The Bemaani family was also visited by Congress vice-president Rahul Gandhi and Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal, who sat in protest against the abrupt demonetization scheme. 'Like aloo ki factories, we also need paise ki factories instead of ATMs. If we empower the villagers, we can get this done soon,” the Nehru-Gandhi scion stated. The Delhi CM was far more scathing in his diatribe. 'The psychopath isn't happy with the already prevailing smog. He wants more people to come out to the streets, thereby increase the smog and punish Delhites fatally for not voting for him. Yehi to scam hai ji ,” the AAP chief yelled. 
A section of liberal democrats in the US, however, hailed the development as a sweet revenge against the presidential election of Donald Trump. 'It's all happening! Billionaires all over the world will have to incur people's wrath like this, for having one of their own, and a racist, bigot, xenophobe at that, as the US president,” said one such tolerant, intellectual democrat. Tweet About Ashwin Kumar 
1 of the proud columnists of URT, former co-editor of URT Tamil, amateur musician, Real Harris Jayaraj devotee, UnReal T. Rajendar fanatic, passionate about stopping female foeticide.
ARTICLE

Now Pak PM Nawaz Sharif announces demonetization of high value Pakistani currency Posted on Tweet (Image via intoday.in) 
Inspired by PM Modi's gutsy decision to demonetize Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes and by the generally positive reaction of the Indian public, Pakistan PM Nawaz Sharif too decided to abolish high denomination currency notes and win back public favour. After a quick meeting with the Governor of the State Bank of Pakistan, PM Sharif, like his Indian counterpart, decided to announce his decision in a nationally televised address to the nation. 
' Bhaiyon aur behnon! ” he roared, adopting a tone similar to Modi's, 'there comes a time in the history of a country's development when a need is felt for a strong and decisive step. For years, this country has felt that corruption, black money and terrorism are festering sores, holding us back in the race towards development. Terrorism is a frightening threat. Have you ever wondered how terrorists get their money? Enemies across the border – RAW agents to be specific – run their operations by printing fake Pakistani currency!” 
Nawaz paused to take a sip of water. 
' Bhaiyon aur behnon! To break the grip of corruption and black money, we have decided that from midnight tonight, the Rs 5000 note and Rs 1000 note will no longer be legal tend…” 
At this point, Sharif's address to the nation was rudely interrupted by army chief General Raheel Sharif who barged into the frame and landed a stinging slap on the PM's face. 
' Bhaag yahan se! [Get out of here!]” the army chief barked. 
Holding a hand to his reddened cheek, the shamefaced PM slowly got up and walked out. General Sharif turned to the camera. 
'Ignore whatever he said. Things will continue as usual,” he said, before turning it off. Tweet About UnReal Mama 
Ek chatur naar badee hoshiyaar, apane hee jaal me phasat jaat ham hasat jaat are ho ho ho ho ho!
ARTICLE

Man coolly gets to ATM machine after flashing Samsung Galaxy Note 7 to queue Posted on 
The Delhi Police have arrested an 18-year old boy, Samarth Sanghi, on charges of creating panic and endangering public safety. The arrest occurred after Sanghi inadvertently ended up dispersing a long ATM queue by flashing his Samsung Galaxy Note 7. ( Image via intoday.in ) 
Sam Sang, as he is colloquially known, was petrified during his police interrogation. 'I have no idea what's going on. I was waiting at this long ATM queue at Khan Market and out of sheer boredom, I decided to take a selfie with my Samsung Galaxy Note 7. I signaled to those gathered to pose for my selfie, but the moment they saw the device, they let out loud shrieks and ran helter skelter and a mini-stampede ensued. Some even screamed ' Bhaago!' . (Escape!) I was stunned to see the queue vanish. I coolly walked into the unguarded ATM and drew my 2000 bucks for the day. The next thing I know, the Delhi police are at my doorstep and here I am, all locked up,” a teary-eyed Sanghi sobbed to The UnReal Times . 
Sang, however, was soon visited by Congress Vice President Rahul Gandhi, who carried his own Note 7 to the police station. ' Mere paas sirf aloo ki factory nahin, Note 7 ki factory bhi hai! Mujhe bhi giraftaar kar lo bhaiya !” ( Not only do I have a potato factory, but also a Note 7 factory. Arrest me too! ) the Nehru-Gandhi scion thundered squealed, rolling his sleeves up. 'If we empower the villages, we can wipe out Note 7s in 7 minutes,” Gandhi added. 
Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal tore into PM Modi and Lt. Gov Najeeb Jung over Sang's arrest. 'As it is, the psychopath Modi has full control over the Delhi thullas . The whole world knows about the LG vs Samsung rivalry, so it's no surprise that our LG has taken special interest in this case and asked the thullas to arrest Sang. Modi ji , if you have the guts, arrest me! Yeh Kejriwal aapse darne wala nahi !” (this Kejriwal isn't scared of you!) the AAP chief bellowed. 
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley voiced his concerns over the incident in an exclusive interview to NDTV's Barkha Dutt. 'Barkha, I appeal to the people of the country to avoid the inadvertent sabotaging of what could be a historic, pervasively successful scheme. Coming to the specifics of this case, I would urge all my fellow citizens of this great nation, in possession of Note 7s to switch them off before arriving at the ATM queues, taking into consideration, the larger public interest. Failure to do so will have me introduce a new Note7 Cess and impose it among the device owners,” the Finance Minister winked. 
The final word, however, went to the PM Modi himself. 'NOTE stands for Nefarious, Outrageously Threatening Explosive,” the PM tweeted. Tweet About Ashwin Kumar 
1 of the proud columnists of URT, former co-editor of URT Tamil, amateur musician, Real Harris Jayaraj devotee, UnReal T. Rajendar fanatic, passionate about stopping female foeticide.
ARTICLE

Tweet 
As part of his ongoing series of attacks on the Modi government for the demonetization program, Rahul Gandhi declared that he has spoken to many economists and all of them had said that there is no economic rationale behind demonetization. Here's the story behind it: Tweet About UnReal Mama 
Ek chatur naar badee hoshiyaar, apane hee jaal me phasat jaat ham hasat jaat are ho ho ho ho ho!
ARTICLE

5 best fictional news stories on demonetization woes to be selected for Sahitya Acedemy Award Posted on Tweet (Image via intoday.in) 
Sahitya Academy has decided to award 5 writers with a cash prize of 1 lakh rupees and a plaque each for their outstanding articles about the struggles of Indian citizens against the backdrop of a wicked demonetization. The cash prize will be transferred to their accounts to avoid any inconvenience. 
Soon after the news of demonetization broke, thousands of people thronged ATMs in various cities to withdraw cash, and an equal number of articles, depicting their ordeal, were published on select media outlets. Talented writers across the nation gave wings to their imagination and produced heart-wrenching stories of middle and lower middle class families during an emergency-like situation inflicted on them by a fascist government. 
Experts believe the decision of Sahitya Academy, to encourage budding writers in their creative pursuits, is a move in the right direction to revive literary fiction in India. 
We had a chance to interact with one of the writers whose story has been shortlisted by the committee, and we asked him about his story. 
'It's a murder mystery,” he replied nonchalantly, 'The story is about a man who kills someone at the ATM for 2500 rupees.” 
'Wow, that's something different from what we have read so far. Can you reveal some of the details?” we asked. 
'Ok, see this story is about a man who has to pay his rent on 14th…” 
'But isn't he already too late?” 
'He pays his rent on 14th. Do you have any problem with that? Now don't interrupt me when I am narrating the story. So, he has to pay a rent of 5000 rupees, and at the same time Modi bans all 500 and 1000 rupee notes…” 
'But Modi announced this on 8th and he pays his rent on 14th. So he had 7 days to withdraw the cash.” 
'He was out of station.” 
'But there are ATMs in other…ok, please continue.” 
'So, he logs into his account to transfer the fund to his landlord's account, but he cannot remember his password because of the situation created by Modi. He clicks forgot password option but his mobile runs out of battery.” 
'Wow, that's interesting.” 
We grabbed a handful of popcorn as the story took an interesting twist. 
'He rushes to the nearest ATM and withdraws 2500 rupees, but he needs another 2500,” he paused for dramatic effect and said, 'He kills a man standing in the queue.” 
'In front of so many people! Cannot they see him?” 
'No, because he is wearing a mask. Now he enters the ATM again and withdraws another 2500 rupees.” 
'But PIN…” 
'Haha, the PIN is his year of birth.” 
'You mean the murderer's or the victim's?” 
'The victim's of course because that's his card.” 
'Oh ok, but how did the murderer know his year of birth.” 
'Because in the same year Sachin Tendulkar made his international debut. Got it?” 
'Umm, ok. But don't you think he could just kill the landlord instead of killing a random person?” 
'No, because he is getting married to his landlord's daughter.” 
'Ok so, how is this murder solved?” 
'Ok so, here's how it goes. No one knows who did it. Police is clueless…but the ATM card is not.” 
'Oh…my…God, we completely forgot about the ATM card.” 
'Yes, now the card takes revenge on behalf of its owner.” 
'Like how the dog did in Teri Meherbaniyan?” 
'Kind of, but the dog in Teri Meherbaniyan addresses the issue in an aggressive manner but the ATM card in my story opts for a subtle approach. The card has a camera on it and it clicks photographs of the killer, which it later sends to the police.” 
'How…I mean, ok. So, does he get caught in the end?” 
'For that you have to read the entire story.” 
'Is there anything left?” 
'Yes the final paragraph. So what do you think?” 
'Brilliant! No wonder they selected your story. I mean, we got to know about Sahitya Academy Award only last year when a few recipients returned…but I am sure, it's a huge recognition.” 
'Do you think I have a chance of winning it?” 
'Absolutely. Keep up the good work. Bharat tere tukde honge ,” we concluded the interview on a happy note.
ARTICLE

Chennai, Nov 16: 
The night of Nov 8 
On the TV Prime Minister Narendra Modi is holding forth. Wife and I sit watching the whole thing with nary an emotion. We are speechless at what we hear. That is because we don't understand Hindi. But the news scroll below, tells the story: Rs.500 and Rs.1000 demonetised. Wife looks at me quizzically. I look back at her quizzically. That is because we both don't know what demonetisation means. 
Eventually the penny, if that is the word, drops. We understand the two denominations are declared invalid from that midnight. Jee whiz! What do I with all the Rs.500 and Rs.1000 with me? But quickly gathering my wits and immediately taking charge, I ask the wife and daughter to bring all the Rs.500 and Rs.1000 stashed in the house, as if it was the time of reckoning and we had to finally confront our hidden truths. After some merciless minutes, we look at the pile in front of us: A sum total of four Rs.500 notes, and one Rs.1000 note. Of course, a few harmless 100s, 50s and 10s were in too. 
Is that what we have in hand? I ask the wife plaintively. 'Usually it is a lot less. But we made it a point to look around behind the cot, bureau and sofa. The 10s were picked from there only,” the wife said matter of factly. 'You do remember your salary, right? A journalist's salary and a person who has drank cyanide is difficult to save,” the wife adds in the conversational parenthesis. 
The night ends in more unease: The fight against black money, it seems, will have some collateral damage. A journalist's ego, for starters. 
The morning of Nov 13 
It is a Sunday. In need of cash for the week. Go to the ATM in the locality Find that the authorities, manfully rising to the emergency of the occasion, have helpfully put an easy to spot 'out of order' notice on the door. 
Mentally thanking the banking guys for their thoughtful gesture, set out in search of another ATM and find one with only a few queued in front of it. Join the line only to quickly learn that 1) This ATM too is out of order 2) And the queue is actually for an ATM two streets away. 
Cursing fate, join the line. Soon enough realise that even if the Indian economy is eventually straightened, it is impossible to literally straighten any queue in India. I mean we Indians just don't have the ability to fall in a simple straight line. It is a skill that requires military training for Indians to acquire. 
The line moves in every conceivable direction in every conceivable geometric formation. Improbable as it may sound, sometimes in the exact opposite direction to where the queue is actually headed towards. The line comprises an impressive motley: Some taciturn with thoughts. Some voluble with opinions. Some glued to their mobiles. Some staring into the distant nothingness. Some taking their troubles in stride. Some cursing their fate. But everyone feeling that they would be somewhere else than spending their time in a queue that seemed to move at the speed of larva turning into butterfly. 
Those inclined to chat offer their views to no one in particular. 'This is just the start. Modi will next ban gold and diamonds”, one man says with authoritative gusto. No one asks where he got that info from. He talks non-stop and seems to be the human/physical version of the WhatsApp fwds we are wont to receive on the many 'groups' we are part of. 'Modi's next target will be corrupt bureaucrats and politicos”. As a journalist, I realise that if I report from 'Ground Zero', these would be the 'credible voices of the public'. 
'It seems even the BJP is not happy with Modi,” says another in the silent gap that the previous man probably inadvertently left. 'They have goofed up big time. All the new printed money are going to top politicos and industrialists. They all have been alerted before hand itself to exchange the notes,” he says with clinical finality. 'An ATM is Ambattur is dispensing only old 500 rupees even today.” Where in Ambattur, I ask out of general curiosity, he replies, 'my friend told me this”. I make a mental note that the guy is a very good journalist material. 
But amidst differing opinions and moods, there is an easy bonhomie, a chatty friendliness descends on the scene. Every one has some opinion on how to tackle the black money scourge and what the Finance Minister should do. Never knew economics was such a popular subject with the general public. 
The queue progresses at the speed of Indian economy, and I am kind of near the ATM, when someone, looking into his mobile, says 'this week has to be the worst”. I wonder what is he having in his mind. Trump becoming the US President-elect. Currency crunch and other issues in India. What could get any worse than this? 
'Alaistair Cook just scored a century,” I hear him say even as I enter the ATM room.
ARTICLE

One more demonetisation death; stone-pelter commits suicide after being out of work for 9 days Posted on Tweet ( Image via intoday.in ) 
Ninth day into demonetisation and the death toll has reached 48. These are confirmed deaths reported on Huffington Post India. The number of unreported deaths may be higher if we can link all deaths in the past 10 years to demonetization. While most deaths are of elderly waiting in long bank queues as their sons and daughters patiently waited at home for the news channels to arrive and interview them, there are quite a few suicides, the latest being an innocent stone-pelter in Kashmir who was forced to take the drastic step owing to financial constraints. 
While Modi was engaged in a chit-chat with Bill Gates over a cup of tea yesterday, Yakub Ali, a stone- pelter by profession had put an end to his life after he ran out of valid currencies. Sources say he was distressed as his employer urged him to accept 500 and 1000 rupee notes and resume the noble work he was associated with. 
'But I can only exchange 4000 rupees,” implored Mr. Ali as his employer gave him a bundle of currency notes in 500 denomination. 
'Yes, but you can deposit the rest in your account.” 
'But do you know how long the queues are? It takes hours to reach the counter.” 
'Here,” he handed him a memory card. 
'What is it?” 
'Jodha Akbar by Ashutosh Gowariker. I have copied the file in it. By the time it gets over, you should reach the counter, but if you still don't then there is one more file in it as backup.” 
'And which file is it?” 
'Sri Lanka's national anthem. Now go and deposit the money in your account.” 
He went to the nearest bank branch and saw the queue. He already heard about people dying in bank queues. 
'Let's deposit the money,” his friend suggested. 
'But have you seen the queue? We might die before reaching the counter.” 
'But if that happens, you will at least feature on Huffington Post.” 
'Do you realize how embarrassing the headline would be for us? Terrorist dies while standing in bank queue.” 
'Then what would you do?” 
'I will commit suicide. There are better facilities in heaven than a bank queue. And I will feature on the front page anyway.” 
The news of his death has cast a gloom over the proceedings of some of the news channels. The journalists abandoned their interviews with politicians in the disguise of traders and hurriedly aired the news, demanding an answer from the Prime Minister. 
We tried to contact Arvind Kejriwal and Rahul Gandhi but they were not available for comments. Sources reveal that they have already left for Kashmir to meet the bereaved family members of the deceased.
ARTICLE

Tweet 
In this guest post for The UnReal Times, Rajdeep Sardesai explains why Indian journalists have a reason to be proud of themselves. 
It may be a sad day for Indian journalists given than Donald Trump won the presidency. But look at the brighter side. We have reasons to be proud. 
About 52% of British voters voted to leave the European Union and about 47% of Americans voted to elect Donald Trump as president while only about 30% Indians voted Narendra Modi for Prime Minister. 
Despite this Indian journalists at least asked whether there was a Modi wave and at least saw Modi becoming PM after the exit polls, albeit with a smaller majority than the actual results. 
Britain is a small country and so excuses like the tyranny of distance do not hold. Also, Americans got the results on the tyranically distant east coast and the west coast right but missed the results from the rural heartland completely. 
Further, in India every state is potentially a swing state wheres in the US, the journalists only had to analyze a few swing states to analyze the poll outcome, a task they failed at. 
The American and British journalists have clearly lost their moral compass. 
If journalists had just travelled across the country and tried Key Lime Pie in Florida, Pulled Pork Sandwich in North Carolina, Cheesesteaks in Pennsylvania, Buckeyes in Ohio and Grilled Sweet Corn on the Cob in Iowa, they would have got a better sense of which way the elections were going. 
You cannot shut down people's opinions by your intellectual arguments. You have to engage people, debate, occasionally fist fight to get a sense of what is happening, even against people who may or many not have paisa and class. 
This is where the American journalists failed. 
The American media has not done its homework responsibly. Even when elections were less than a month away, we were still seeing skeletons tumbling out of the closet like Trump's offensive remarks about women and FBI's reopening and closing investigations about Hillary Clinton's private email server. What was the media doing all this while? How did these 2 candidates get this far? In India, we rigorously investigated every aspect of our prospective prime minister before he even was in the reckoning for the post of the prime minister. 
Indian journalists do not need to give explanation to their readers like The New York Times had to do because we are neutral. 
As the world is bewildered by this resullts, I am writing a new book for their benefit titled '2016 – Elections that changed America”. Remember to preorder your copy. 
Good night, Shubh ratri.
ARTICLE

Swaminomics writes for URT on Demonetization, US elections and other things Posted on 
In this guest post for The UnReal Times, Swaminathan S. Anklesaria Aiyar gives his views about the US elections and demonetization: (Image via youtube.com) 
Many people are asking me about my past predictions. Let me clarify that first. I agree that I had predicted that Modi will never become PM because he will find it difficult to get allies. The entire country reads my articles and when they read this article of mine, all of them became convinced that Modi cannot lead a coalition. So they voted massively in his favor to give him a majority on his own. 
I had also predicted that 'Trump will not just lose, he'll be thrashed” and also that 'Women are saving US from Prez Trump”. However shockingly, he won. I am still looking for the reasons but in the meantime just read my article 'Donald Trump no solution to civilization crisis facing the West” where I sum up the crudity, misogyny and contempt for civic values and political correctness that has propelled Donald Trump into the White House. And just look at the first line in this article to see how lost I still am. 
Now, let's come back to Narendra Modi and his demonetization. Modi is known to hold grudges and can go to any length for them. We all know how he holds grudges against India's first family and dropped their name from many schemes. 
Poor Raghuram Rajan met the same fate. First Modi denied Raghuram Rajan another term. Secondly, as soon as Rajan left, Modi demonetized the currency notes which had Rajan's signature thereby trying to obliterate his legacy. 
I know for a fact that Raghuram Rajan keeps several 1000 rupee notes with him. This is not to hoard money but because his signature on the bank notes brings him fond memories and he wants to charm his grandchildren and great grandchildren by showing him notes with his signature. Imagine how grandkids would feel if grandpa gave them a note signed by him and said 'Take this, go buy anything you want. I have authorized it.” But Modi does not want Rajan to even enjoy the small joys of life. The entire country has to pay the price for Modi's vendetta. 
But all is not lost. Here is my advice to Raghuram Rajan and Narendra Modi. Guys, bury the past, come together and work for the future of India. After the US elections, America is without doubt more intolerant than India and Rajan will be delighted to work with Modi for the betterment of India. 
I remember that I had predicted that 'If Rajan is asked to leave, India will suffer a mass exodus of foreign portfolio investment. Tens of billions of dollars will flow out, maybe as much as 100 billion (if this coincides with some other bad news like a further Chinese slowdown or British exit from the European Union).” 
But both Rajan and Britain left and the market kept going up. This shows the resilience of the Indian economy. Imagine what Modi and Rajan can together do. 
Of course the global markets have crashed after Trump became president and so I was not completely wrong. Actually I knew that global markets would crash if Trump became president but I never predicted it because the possibility of Trump becoming President never occurred to me. 
Finally, I would also like to give the Tatas some advice. Close down Tata Steel UK. The British are brave people. Anyone who tries to colonize them bleeds financially.
ARTICLE

Bangalore car driver drives 200 km in search of U-turn to reach home Posted on Tweet 
In another bizarre tale of Bangalore's ever increasing traffic woes, more than hundred car drivers reportedly reached Mysore while searching for a u-turn to reach home. The drivers had started from their offices on outer ring road and had to take a u-turn to reach their homes on the other side of the road but the Bangalore Traffic police made some unexpected changes due to which the car drivers kept on driving, finally finding a u-turn near Mysore. 
'U-turns and one ways! At one point, I even asked a few passersby to help me lift the car and place it on the other side of the road. But some of them rushed and sat inside my car as they had been waiting to cross the road for the last 6 days and finally saw some hope,” said a frustrated driver after reaching Mysore. 'I could see my home on the right side 5 minutes after starting from office, but then I never found a u-turn. When I did find one, the Google maps lady asked me to keep going straight and I missed it!” he further lamented. 
Even Google Maps isn't able to understand the sudden changes by Bangalore traffic police. 'Our users have been banging their cars into dividers. When our map says take a u-turn, there never is one. That's the magic of Bangalore Traffic police,” said a developer working on Google maps. 
Meanwhile, Bangalore Traffic police has termed this as 'suspense driving”, in which the driver is always alert. 'U-turns should be a suspense and we are going to make this game even more interesting,” said a policeman. 
(Reported by Citizen Satirist Manish Paul . He blogs here )
ARTICLE

First case of demonetisation-related HIV after man has unprotected sex with an ATM machine Posted on Tweet 
10th day into demonetisation and things are going from bad to worse. There is mayhem everywhere. We have already had reports of suicides, murders, robberies, cyclones, earthquakes, and Rohit Sharma's ouster from Indian squad because of demonetisation, and now we have the first case of HIV that this dreadful ban has caused. 
The incident happened when a man contracted the disease from an already infected ATM machine in Mumbai. Despite numerous warnings issued by India Today and other media houses about ATM keypads transmitting the virus, he went to an ATM and touched the dangerous keypad. He was later diagnosed with HIV positive. 
'So did he actually have sex with the machine?” we asked an insider from India Today. 
'No, but withdrawing cash is as good as having sex with the machine. You have more or less the same feeling when you get the cash in your hand,” he affirmed. 
'Ok that's interesting. So the engineering students are not virgins anymore and they can proudly brag about their sex lives.” 
'Well, technically speaking, yes, they can.” 
'So, who is at risk of catching the virus? Someone with a poor immune system?” 
'No, anyone who is withdrawing cash from an ATM.” 
'You mean, balance inquiries and other transactions are safe, right?” 
'Who stands in the queue for 3 hours to check balance?” 
'Oh ok, you are talking about the current scenario.” 
'Yes, people should avoid an ATM machine at any cost because it may cause STD as our researcher suggested, and once you are infected with an STD, you become more susceptible to HIV infection.” 
'And who is the researcher at India Today you are referring to? Is it Rajdeep Sardesai?” 
'No, he is in Goa. The person who published the report is Jane Carlton.” 
'Ok but the report was published in 2014. Why are you linking it to currency ban?” 
'Because it's always relevant.” 
'But what made you search the report two years after it was published and exactly at a time when people are desperately trying to use ATMs? We are just curious, what was going through your mind when you decided to look it up and what were the keywords you entered into Google that returned this report?” 
'Listen, I think I am done with the interview. If you have more questions then ask Rajdeep Sardesai. I am going to call him. Here are your boxing gloves.” 
'But you said he is in Goa,” we hurriedly wrapped-up the interview.
ARTICLE

Marrying couple installs Gift Envelope Scanner at wedding hall door to check for ₹500 & ₹1000 notes Posted on Tweet 
Chiranjeevi and Soubhagyavati, a couple who will be entering wedlock tomorrow, have undertaken a first-of-its-kind, unique feat – the bride and groom have installed an X-ray scanning device at the entrance of their wedding hall, to scan guests' gift envelopes for the recently discontinued ₹500 & ₹1000 notes. (Image via Ephemera Studio) 
'With great difficulty, we've had to put all the wedding preparations on hold, stand in queues to deposit old currency for new legal tender and without even a day's break, resume the preparations and planning. All thanks to demonetization. At the end of it all, the last thing we want is another set of old currency notes which we've to take to the banks for another exchange stint. We don't want to be loitering around banks when should be honeymooning in exotic locations. In order to prevent this, we wish to inform all our guests that we have installed an envelope scanning device right at the entrance. You will be asked to pass your envelope through the scanner. If your envelopes are found to contain old currency, they will be handed right back to you. We'd rather you congratulate us without any gifts, than give us invalid currency,” Soubhagyavati, the bride-to-be told The UnReal Times . 
While the move has already reduced the anticipated guest number by the hundreds, the couple is determined to stand by their idea. 'A lot of people have already informed us about 'urgent meetings,''spouses unwell,' and other things right after we announced this development. That's still okay. We're not yet done though. We're also thinking of setting up an online transfer kiosk – so that people can swipe their credit cards and transfer money to us electronically, on the spot, if they really wish to gift us money,” an animated groom-to-be, Chiranjeevi added. 
The couple's move won praise from across the border. 'What a great idea! Pity I didn't do this even in one of my weddings. The next time I marry, I surely should emulate this,” an amazed PTI chief and former world-cup winning Pakistani cricket captain Imran Khan exclaimed. Bollywood actor Kamaal R Khan, however, was indifferent. 'Makes no difference to me, I anyway put only ₹2 coins in all envelopes whenever I attend weddings,” the Deshdrohi actor chuckled. MNS Chief Raj Thackeray lauded the move, while also suggesting that those caught gifting such notes be made to gift an equal amount to the Indian army, by cheque. 
While many other wedding couples have been scampering all over the country in search of scanners, some have urged banks to grant them permission to conduct the weddings in their own offices. 'It's extremely efficient this way – the moment we get old currency, we exchange it then and there. No loss of time. Plus it's booming business for the banks too,” one such groom said. Tweet About Ashwin Kumar 
1 of the proud columnists of URT, former co-editor of URT Tamil, amateur musician, Real Harris Jayaraj devotee, UnReal T. Rajendar fanatic, passionate about stopping female foeticide.
ARTICLE

Panic across country for a day after govt doesn't introduce any new rule on demonetisation Posted on Tweet 
Panic and confusion grew widespread across the country after the Modi government did not introduce any new rule pertaining to the ongoing demonetisation drive. Thousands of anxious citizens thronged the Reserve Bank of India offices in their cities inquiring about the latest alteration to the rules, or rather the absence of one, after no such rider was introduced for one whole day. (Image via intoday.in) 
'Ever since Nov 8th, this whole demonetisation saga has been like a reality show – with sudden, new riders being introduced every day as twists to the existing format. We got used to these fluctuations being the norm. But yesterday was different – one whole day went by without Shaktikanta Das or Arun Jaitley or anyone announcing any exception to the rules. I waited and waited till night. After all, this is a government which introduced a rule to be applied for the next day even at 8 pm on the present day. Finally, I reconciled myself to the shock – that there was no new rider for one whole day. That got me worried and here I am, standing outside the RBI office waiting for an appointment, to make sure that it is indeed real!” Chinta Sagar, an anxious gentleman told The UnReal Times . 
'First, it was the exception for those with weddings happening. Then came the inedible ink announcement. Then the reduction of exchange limit to 2000 per day. Then of course, the announcement that Saturday would be a senior citizens only day, as far as exchanges are concerned. Now, there's another announcement about banks only catering to their own customers hereafter. So, following the natural train of action, we weren't wrong in anticipating another new rule today as well. But we were stunned on not hearing any. I hope the RBI clarifies on this,” another tense youngster cried. 
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley, however, assured citizens not to worry and added that to maintain status quo, the government will continue to announce some random new rule or the other every day. 'We have always been a government for the people and we would do nothing that would throw them off the hook. It has come to my attention that a number of them were anxious yesterday after we didn't announce any sudden change, so I would like to reassure them and state that for their convenience, the government will continue to announce random changes to the rules every day, until the 31st of December,” Jaitley told The UnReal Times NDTV's Barkha Dutt. 
Addressing a more recent problem, the Finance Minister also announced a new 'Sonam Gupta Bewafa Cess” on old currency notes that have the 'Sonam Gupta Bewafa Hai” slogan inscribed on them. Tweet About Ashwin Kumar 
1 of the proud columnists of URT, former co-editor of URT Tamil, amateur musician, Real Harris Jayaraj devotee, UnReal T. Rajendar fanatic, passionate about stopping female foeticide.
ARTICLE

How demonetisation has affected tipping Posted on Tweet (Image via blogcdn.com) 
Today we will talk about the one area that probably has been hit the hardest by demonetisation: Tipping. 
I got thinking about this after a small incident at a restaurant where I was for an evening bite early this week. The bill was for Rs.197 and, as it happened, I had only a few 100 rupee notes with me. I could have left two hundred rupee notes and walked off, but three rupees is, forget tips, pittance even as alms these days. Roadside beggars, if they were offered Rs.3, would perhaps take it as extreme insult, and, as is the norm these days, initiate an online 'change.org' petition against this discrimination and before the end of the week it would have had a lakh of signatories and the media would run away with the story ('Three rupees and the hubris of the privileged”, 'Five reasons why beggars are also human beings”, 'Post-Trump, alms hit a new low”, 'India ranked 153rd in the Global Alms-Giving Index (below Rwanda, Gambia and Bhutan)”, and the inevitable 'How twitter reacted to 'AlmsGate”). And after a week or so of this — this is the power of media pressure and online change petitions — the general public would have quietly moved on to some other issue. 
Sorry, I digressed. Back to the restaurant. I could have topped the bill with another Rs.100, but Rs.103 would have been hefty as a tip. The middle-class cheapskate in me would not have let me sleep peacefully that night. 
So what did I do? I went for the third option, which was to pick the bill and pay it with my credit card at the counter and slink off without making any eye contact with the waiter, who, if ever I visit the same restaurant again, is sure to bring my soup after spitting into it. 
The problem with tipping is there is no hard and fast rule to it. In some countries,' etiquette has it that you leave 15% of the bill amount as a tip. In some others, it is 10%. In some others, possibly pockets of Pakistan, it is good etiquette if you at least pay the bill. In my home town Madurai, it was considered good enough if you give the waiter a warm smile while leaving. But that is Madurai, a place where holding the door for the person coming behind you might be taken as extreme insult: ' Yaen pa, engallukku kai kaal illaiya? ” ('Why man, don't we have hands and legs?”) 
Modern-day bills also leave you confused about tipping. You are always stumped by 'service tax' and 'service charge'. One is a government levy and the other is a charge by the shop. Here is a handy explainer on what they actually mean: 
Service Tax: You pay 
Service Charge: You pay. 
Okay, here is another definition: Service tax and service charge are totally two different things, but generally combine together to make the bill for the pizza, which you ordered only because the price was marked Rs.199, magically change to Rs. 476 at the time of paying. 
When the bill includes 'service charge', it is generally taken that you need not tip. But not all bills include the service charge. But even when it is included, it may not be 'totally' included. Which, of course, means, you are even more unsure as to how much to tip. 
Even more of a toughie is the scene at pricey hotels when you are on tour. At a fancy hotel you should be prepared to tip basically your annual provident fund payments. Even if you are travelling alone and carrying just a duffel bag, the moment you arrive at the hotel, the staff there will dart towards you, while one will open the car door and before you tip him a ten or twenty, another will reach for your small bag and without waiting for you, carry it towards the reception desk probably situated 60-70 metres away and deposit there (cue for you to slip in another ten or twenty), from where another staff will pick it up and take it to the lift located 20 metres away and travel with you all the way to the floor where your room is and then leave you when you pay him twenty or fifty) whereupon another person will materialise from nowhere to purvey something ('This water bottle is a compliment from the hotel, sir”) and also tell you how to operate the TV and AC ('Here is the switch and you have to turn it on”), but by this time you would have totally run out of all loose change and you will have no other go but to tip him a 100. When you are eventually through with the stay you would probably have tipped everyone and everything, including bathroom fixtures, and may want to leave sliding via the drainpipe without anyone noticing. 
But tipping is important and a basic courtesy extended to any service or work done. But not to trouble you in this demonetised time, I don't mind cheques.
ARTICLE

Former PM Dr. Manmohan Singh starts watching The Newshour, says its silence is very soothing Posted on 
Times Then Now's prime time show, The Newshour may have lost all its staunch viewers after the departure of its former anchor Arnab Goswami, but has found a new fan in former Prime Minister Dr. Manmohan Singh. ( Image via intoday.in ) 
In an audio message a written letter of appreciation to the Times Group, Dr. Singh wrote that he has never enjoyed a television debate this much. 'May you be seized of the matter that I thoroughly enjoy the absolutely soothing, calming silence of the new Newshour. Until last week, when I wanted to sleep at night, I used to re-watch my own speeches earlier on the economy etc but for the past few days, every night at 9 pm, I turn the channel on and thanks to the pin-drop silence and sheer pointlessness of it all, I manage to doze off in not more than 10 minutes. Theek hai !!! ,” the two-time former PM's letter read. 
Dr. Singh also found company in his praise, from the Art of Living founder Sri Sri Ravi Shankar. 'I have taught people pranayama and various kriyas for many years now, but I have to admit that the new Newshour is working like magic. Even the most angry, irascible people in our course cool down and sleep like smiling babies on watching the program. Not even Yogendra Yadav's honey-like, mellifluous voice has had such an impact in recent times. More power..err..actually, lesser & lesser power, to the new Newshour!” Sri Sri told The UnReal Times . 
BJP spokesperson Siddharth Nath Singh, who still appears on the debate, admitted to feeling very unsettled and uncomfortable. 'All these days, I was on the edge of my seat, ever ready to out -shout -squeal the Congress guys. But yesterday, I almost snoozed, yet, people actually waited for me to answer. It was extremely awkward,” Singh stated. 
Times Now, however, chose the former PM's praise as the topic of their next debate, with the hashtag #SilenceOfTheLambs. 'Look boss, Arnab might not be here any longer – that can explain the silence, but that doesn't mean our hashtags aren't kickass anymore. We're still killing it in that department,” a Times Now hashtagger exclaimed, before tweeting Dr. Singh's praise with the 'TIMES NOW IMPACT” prefix. Tweet About Ashwin Kumar 
1 of the proud columnists of URT, former co-editor of URT Tamil, amateur musician, Real Harris Jayaraj devotee, UnReal T. Rajendar fanatic, passionate about stopping female foeticide.
ARTICLE

Newshour panelist cries in joy after being able to hear own voice and complete sentence fully Posted on 
Frequent panelist on Times Then Now's prime-time debate program, The Newshour, AAP spokesperson, The Ashutosh burst into tears on camera yet again, thanks to the sheer joy of being able to hear his own voice and the overwhelming feeling of being able to complete his sentence fully without being interrupted. (Image via intoday.in) 
The former IBN7 editor described his emotional experience to The UnReal Times , but not before asking 'The Modi” to answer for his own emotional outburst. 'There is the Youtube video of the deff babie who is able to hear the human voices, including his own, for the first time, after being fitted with the hereing aide. The babie's joy is just prizeless !!! That is exactly how I felt when I was able to hear my own voice on the Newshour for the first time !!! Not only that, I was also able to fully complite my sentence without any interruptions !!! It's an unbelivable feeling !!! My wife told me that the Mogu and the Chhotu also started crying on seeing me crying on the TV !!!” The Ashutosh exclaimed. 
Recounting his earlier experiences on the Arnab era Newshour, the AAP spokesperson said, 'With the Arnab, I could not hear my own voice and I still used to talk. Once in a while, the audiance wud laugh after I said something and I used to realize that way that I had said something stupid, like filibusting or simply 'the'ing random people or things. Also, I figured out that I would never really be able to complete any sentence, so I started shortening my sentences to 2-3 words, like in the bank-e-scam episoade. Of course, soon later, AAP boycoatted the Arnab. Now, thank the God, there is no need for all these struggles !!! The journalism is back in the Times Now !!!” 
While being strong opponents in every other topic under the sun, in this regard, however, The Ashutosh found strong consonance from rival spokesperson, the BJP's Sambit Patra. 'I can fully understand what The Ashu went through and how he must've also finally felt yesterday. I too, could often never hear what I myself used to squeal but soon enough, even though the topic would be in our favor, the hot seat would somehow shift to mine and I would often be blasted for something the Congress or the AAP did. Even though I haven't gone to the post-Arnab Newshour, I can fully feel what The Ashu feels,” Patra added. 
According to sources, the Congress party too, is mulling a return to The Newshour. 'Boy, I can't wait to return to the Newshour and finally be able to talk about 2002 at length,” a thrilled Congress spokesperson Sanjay Jha exclaimed. Tweet About Ashwin Kumar 
1 of the proud columnists of URT, former co-editor of URT Tamil, amateur musician, Real Harris Jayaraj devotee, UnReal T. Rajendar fanatic, passionate about stopping female foeticide.
ARTICLE

Twitter India suspends account that hadn't posted even one tweet on demonetisation Posted on Tweet 
Twitter India has suspended an account for violating its terms of use. The decision was taken by the social networking company after it couldn't find a single tweet on demonetization from the handle. 
Ever since the government has imposed a ban on currency notes of higher denomination, every single individual has tweeted about how it's going to impact our economy. Some tweeted in favor of the decision while the rest criticized it. But strangely, the user of the suspicious account did not tweet anything on the burning issue. A further probe revealed that the same user avoided other issues in the past as well, like intolerance, odd-even formula, or even porn ban when the whole nation came together as one to protest against the ban. Twitter had no option but to label this account as a bot and delete it. 
Speaking to The Unreal Times , Rajesh Bhalla, the owner of the account, said, 'I did not realize a little negligence on my part would cost me my account.” 
'But why did you do this? You had a Twitter account for heaven's sake! As a responsible citizen you should've voiced your opinion. Why do we have Twitter accounts for?” we sought a clarification from the offender. 
'I don't know. I don't have much knowledge of Indian economy.” 
'You don't have to be an economist to understand if the bank queues are long. Many explained the long-term impacts of demonetization on our GDP with graphs and pie-charts, including those who write movie reviews. You could've at least tweeted about your own experience, or just retweeted a random tweet of Arvind Kejriwal, because that's all he has been tweeting about for the past few days.” 
'Yes but I don't follow politicians.” 
'What! Whom do you follow then? Barkha Dutt, Rajdeep Sardesai, Sagarika Ghose?” 
'No, Salman Khan, Virat Kohli,…” 
'Oh, so you retweet 'Hi' while completely ignoring the intellectuals on Twitter who enlighten us on larger issue.” 
'Like?” 
'Like…umm, why Hindu festivals are better than Muslim festivals or vice versa.” 
'Oh ok.” 
'So what would you do without a Twitter account now? Your life is over.” 
'Don't know. Maybe I will go home and watch Bigg Boss.” 
'Shame! You are a disgrace to the nation. Go and watch your stupid reality show.” 
'Ok, can I go now? The show will start in half an hour.” 
'Goodness gracious, really? Let me get home right away!” 
Meanwhile, the incident has shaken Twitter India and it has now decided to periodically review accounts using human judgment and technology. Sources revealed that it will suspend more accounts on similar grounds in future.
ARTICLE

The Newshour” anchors to dubsmash Arnab Goswami's voice to combat sinking TRPs Posted on Tweet 
Faced with a sharp slump in viewership after the departure of their former editor-in-chief and star anchor Arnab Goswami, the makeshift anchors of Times Now's prime-time debate, 'The Newshour” have decided to dubsmash Goswami's voice in a desperate bid to restore their TRPs. (Image via aisfm.edu.in) 
Goswami's loud, hard-hitting voice, one of the main reasons behind The Newshour's catapult to dominance, will now be played in The Newshour studios, while the makeshift anchors move their lips to his statements. According to senior Times Now journalist Navika Kumar, their usual stand-in Newshour anchor Anand Narasimhan has been spending sleepless nights, hard at work, trying to move his lips to Arnab's audio flawlessly. 'It'll be a while before Rahul Shivshankar joins us and does a more believable and buy-able impression of Arnab, but until then, we've got to do this much at least,” Navika told The UnReal Times . 
Narasimhan has admitted to finding this task the most difficult thing he's ever had to do in life. 'To open your throat and try to scream the loudest, yet without screaming, to keep interrupting people correctly before they finish a couple of words, to keep uttering that you would bring in some panelist in to the debate and yet not bring him, to keep announcing ever 5 minutes that you would open the phone lines and yet not open them..Whew! This is as Herculean as it can get. I expect to be featured on Ripley's Believe it or not, if at all I'm able to achieve this dubsmashing feat,” the anchor described, before going ahead to practice moving his lips to 'THE NATION WANTS TO KNOW!” 
Navika also added that the crew has a backup plan in place, should the dubsmashing go awry. 'In the worst case, if no one is able to lip sync properly, we will try to get Dr. Manmohan Singh to do the job. He doesn't have to dubsmash, he might as well speak and we can have Arnab's voice as the voiceover,” the senior journalist added. The channel, however, soon had a reason to cheer, as Bollywood actor Anupam Kher volunteered to act as Arnab for free. 'Dubsmashing Arnab is the least I can do for my country and our soldiers at the border. It is a role that I would be proud and privileged to accept, all for the sake of the jawans,” Kher exclaimed. 
The move has, however, come in for sharp criticism from the channel's bete noire s. 'Dubsmash => Dumb smash. Enough said :)” tweeted Congress spokesperson Sanjay Jha. The last word though, went to AAP spokesperson The Ashutosh. 'Why the Times Now sud depend on lip sinking the Arnab's voice !!! Will the Modi answer !!!” (sic) the former IBN7 editor tweeted. Tweet About Ashwin Kumar 
1 of the proud columnists of URT, former co-editor of URT Tamil, amateur musician, Real Harris Jayaraj devotee, UnReal T. Rajendar fanatic, passionate about stopping female foeticide. View all posts by Ashwin Kumar → Related Posts
ARTICLE

Original unreleased transcript of Sonia Gandhi's interview with Rajdeep Sardesai obtained Posted on Tweet (Image via mensxp.com) 
On November 21st, all of India was agog in anticipation of India Today TV's major scoop. All day long, the channel kept flashing the coming face to face interview of Congress President Sonia Gandhi with Rajdeep Sardesai at 9pm. The iron lady, (a moniker she appropriated from her legendary mother in law Indira Gandhi and Margaret Thatcher) was to reveal all to the famous journalist. A quick sidebar – this may be the only known instance of a journalist becoming more famous than a former Indian Test cricketer, namely his father, the late Dilip Sardesai. 
Once we were well into the interview, held imaginatively at the historic Swaraj Bhavan,India's first family's ancestral home in Allahabad, it quickly became apparent that Sonia Gandhi will confine her views and opinions primarily to the subject of her late mother in law, her late husband and in passing, doting reflections on her children. Current politics, her own health concerns, her views on her fiery sister in law and her son – all these and other spicy ingredients were strictly off limits. The viewers were thus treated to a pleasant but immensely dull interview. We hear many viewers switched channels after 15 or 20 minutes. 
However, your intrepid reporter at The UnReal Times got hold of the actual transcript of the interview, held informally, while the cameras were switched off. Here it is, exclusively for our readers. 
Rajdeep Sardesai (RS) – 'Madam Sonia Gandhi, once again many thanks for speaking exclusively with India Today TV. I know you have imposed strict limitations on what I can or cannot ask you, but as they are still setting up the cameras and equipment, I thought we can let our hair down a bit, so to speak. Off camera?” 
Sonia Gandhi (SG) – 'Actually, it is I who must thank you, Arnab………” 
RS – 'Rajdeep, Soniaji. Rajdeep Sardesai. Kindly do not mention that other name again, please”. 
SG – 'Oh so sorry, Rajdeep. What was I thinking of? Yes, yes, as I was saying. I am very happy to grant you this exclusive interview. My husband was a great fan of your father's cricketing skills. Of course, I know nothing about cricket, other than the fact that New Zealand's Daniel Vettori may be my thrice removed cousin on my mother's side”. 
RS – 'Yes Ma'am. If it's all the same to you, can we keep cricket out of this discussion? First I would like to ask you about your health. All kinds of rumours are floating around about your health. Not unlike the rumours about the CM of Tamil Nadu. How in fact are you?” 
SG – 'But I am sitting right here in front of you Rajdeep, large as life, speaking normally, if you discount the Italian accent which I was born with. Do you find anything wrong with me?” 
(Just then, her personal physician arrives and administers two injections, and asks her to swallow around seven multi coloured tablets). 
SG – 'Don't read anything into these pills and injections. My iron content is a bit low, so I have to have these supplements. Just normal stuff”. 
RS – 'I understand, Soniaji. I have high BP myself, professional hazard, and you have just reminded me. Please bear with me while I pop these pills. Thank you. Tell me Ma'am, what do you feel about our PM's demonetization announcement. Your son and other members of the Congress party have been very vocal in their criticism”. 
SG – 'See, Rahul Baba is young and hot blooded. Boys will be boys. Speaking for myself, I cannot comment on this because I do not know what demonetization actually means. Something to do with not being able to use the old Rs.500/- and Rs.1000/- notes. But I am not worried, because two truck loads of 10, 20, 50 and 100 rupee notes were delivered to my house the previous day prior to the announcement. And I had only two old Rs.500 notes in my purse which Rahul took away to exchange from a local bank, standing in the queue for over 4 hours. Poor darling”. 
RS – 'I see, so you had prior knowledge. But is it not cumbersome to handle so many notes?” 
SG – 'You see Rajdeep, I am getting used to your name now, in my home country Italy, when the Euro suddenly replaced the Lira, where 1 Euro was equal to a million Lire, things got a bit confusing, but we eventually mastered it. So I can handle all this small note problems”. 
RS – 'Turning to other matters. The country wants to know when you will make way for Rahul to ascend your throne as head of the Congress Party. Can you give us an insight?” 
SG – 'Insight? Why do you use such big words? Anyway, I will tell you. Firstly, why is the media so interested in this matter? In the UK, the Queen will soon be 100 years old, and she is still firmly occupying the throne. Poor Charles is almost 70, and I hear both Camilla and Prince William are getting very impatient. And the Duke of Edinburgh is not bothered one bit either way, so long as he gets his daily game of polo. Coming back to domestic issues, let us not forget that Priyanka is also there”. 
RS – 'That is interesting. What exactly are you implying, Soniaji?” 
SG – 'Ah, that is for me to know and for you to find out. You are an investigative journalist, no? Anyhow, first I have to put Robert's house in order”. 
RS – 'Meaning what, exactly?” 
SG – 'Ah, that is for me to know and for you to find out”. 
RS – 'You are trying me, Ma'am. But the cameras are ready to roll, and before we actually start can I have one last comment on Maneka and Varun?” 
SG – 'Let the cameras roll”. 
RS – 'But you haven't……” 
SG – 'You heard.” 
RS – 'All right, Soniaji. I understand. Can we roll the cameras?” 
SG – 'Of course, Arnab. Just say when” Tweet About Suresh Subrahmanyan 
Bangalore based brand communications consultant, occasional columnist, deeply interested in western classical and Carnatic music and 70s pop and rock, follow cricket and tennis, and an avid fan of P.G. Wodehouse.
ARTICLE

Kejriwal in talks with Dr Manmohan Singh to become AAP's Punjab CM candidate Posted on Tweet (Image via intoday.in) 
Dr Manmohan Singh is back with a bang and how!! After his hard-hitting speech in Parliament in which Dr Singh blasted the Modi regime's demonetization drive, the former Prime Minister is being wooed by none other than Arvind Kejriwal to become AAP's Punjab CM candidate. If Dr Singh takes the bait, political pundits opine that it could bolster AAP's chances of grabbing power in Punjab. 
AAP has been criticized for not naming its CM candidate thus far. Kejriwal is also being painted as an outsider who wants to willy-nilly become Punjab CM after handing over Delhi to Sisodiya. Kejri on the other hand is reluctant to name a CM candidate. That would create a rival power center and Kejri understandably doesn't want a repeat of the Yogendra Yadav-Prashant Bhushan fiasco . 
Who can Kejri trust? Naming someone from his coteries is a non-starter – Announcing The Ashutosh as CM candidate would ensure that AAP candidates would lose their deposit in all the seats. Sanjay Singh's tharki ways make Bill Clinton look like a priest. And even Hafiz Saeed is more popular than Ashish Khetan in Punjab. 
To make matters worse, after months of intense negotiations, Sidhu has ditched AAP and hitched his bandwagon to the Congress. The signs aren't good – TrollKejri gets more RTs than Kejri, Sardesai is back to wooing Sonia, even Rahul seems to be edging ahead. And that's why announcing Dr Manmohan Singh as AAP's Punjab CM candidate is, to paraphrase the great Shastri, 'just what the doctor ordered'. For one, AAP's CM candidate will be a true blue Punjabi, a Sikh, and that too a former PM!! On the other hand, Kejri can go to sleep easy with the remote control firmly in his hand. In fact, by adopting the 10 Janpath formula of diarchy, Kejri can continue to wield power in both Punjab and Delhi, while having the time and space for Vipasna sessions in Bengaluru, Friday movie reviews and campaigning in Goa. It's a win-win deal. 
Insiders say Sonia has agreed to let Kejri borrow Dr Manmohan Singh. To defeat Modi in 2019, AAP needs to come to power in Punjab in 2017. And for that, Sonia is willing to lose Punjab. So under the new arrangement, Dr Singh will report to Kejriwal as well as Sonia. 
However, Dr Singh has placed a few conditions of his own before transferring allegiance to Kejriwal. One, Monty must be made Deputy Chairman of the Punjab Planning Commission. Two, Dr Singh must be given complete freedom in formulating Punjab's 5 year plans. Three, he will not be required to campaign during the polls. 
Kejriwal has accepted these conditions. Looks like Indian politics is all set to enter a new epoch.
ARTICLE

5 demonetisation WhatsApp fwds you cannot do without Posted on Tweet 
Chennai, Nov 23 : Regular mainstream media outlets and WhatsApp forwards are great sources of news that are totally unreliable. But WhatsApp forwards are — in ways that mainstream media can never be — more fun. And in the aftermath of the demonetisation, WhatsApp forwards have become absolute riots. 
In the spirit of this occasion, we in Crank's News, who take our irresponsible journalism pretty seriously, have come up with five WhatsApp message that you should be forthwith forwarding to all the groups your are part of so that by tomorrow morning these will be actual news all the newspapers and channels. 
1) Is demonetisation a monetisation for Adani? 
'Friends, this is confirmed as fact by a colleague's cousin who is working as a senior-level secretary in the Finance Ministry. He says the Adanis, who are very close to the Modigovernment, and are actually funding not just the BJP but also the entire government, have recently taken over a chocolate factory in Gujarat. The factory is into the manufacture of all kinds of toffees, candies. These are typically the eclairs-types chocolates that shopkeepers give in lieu of small change. 
My colleague's cousin says that what we take to be the demonetisation move by the Modigovernment is a move to monetise the chocolates that Adanis are now manufacturing. Even in normal times, shopkeepers give these candies for change, and in these change-starved times, this is going to get even more pronounced. 
So let us realise what the government is really trying to do here through demonetisationand that rich businessman are the ones calling the shots and cheating poor gullible public. Those who think that demonetisation is a sweet news may not know the real fact. 
The above is a fwd from another group”. 
2) India the first country to abolish rich and corrupt totally 
'Forward this to all the other patriotic Indians: 
According to a recent report in the US magazine Business Insider, India has now become the first country in the world to have abolished the rich people (sic) and officially every one in India is middle-class now. 
The report, quoting latest statistics from the IMF, has said that Modi's masterstroke demonetisation has totally made all Indians, including the poor and the rich, truly middle-class, along with those who are already middle-class. The magazine has also quoted Frank X McNamara, the 'inventor of credit cards', as saying that India's Prime Minister NarendraModi has pulled off what all economists of the world have been wanting to do for long. The use of credit cards will increase and there will be no difference between the rich and the poor as both will be in huge debts”. 
3) How Modi brought Ratan Tata and Naval chief to fall in line 
'Interesting True Story This: 
A friend's wife was standing in a long queue in front of an ATM in South Bandra, Mumbai. Standing next to her were two well-dressed gentlemen who quietly went about minding their own business. There were murmurs of discontent from some others in the line at having to stand in the queue for withdrawing their own money. 
Hearing this one of the two gentlemen, smiled quietly, and said that standing in a line is a good way to understand the value of hard-earned money. To this the other well-dressed person agreed wholeheartedly and said that there are also people out there on the high seas without any access to ATMs. We are actually lucky to have ATMs near where we live. 
The first gentleman, who nodded his headed in approval, said that is very true and introduced himself to the other. 'I am Ratan Tata,' he said. The other offered his hand in a firm handshake and said, 'I am Sunil Lanba. I work in Indian Navy. I am its Chief Admiral'. 
The rest in the line went silent after this. 
Friends, this is true simplicity. And thanks Modi for making the country understand this. 
Send this to your near and dear to make them feel inspired”. 
4) Trump to outsource management of US economy to Modi 
'India's contribution to the world economy is economy: 
After years of Indians looking in awe of the Americans, now the tide has turned in favour of India. It is no secret that American President (sic) Donald Trump always likes to follow the footsteps of Prime Minister Narendra Modi. Trump had used the same technique in campaigning that Modi used to defeat Sonia to get the better of Hillary Clinton. Trump understood that both Sonia and Hillary Clinton were essentially both women and hence copied the same strategy. 
And now comes the most interesting part. With India's economy being the fastest growing one in the entire world and the US economy struggling, there are expectations that Trump may ask Modi's help, and if need be demeonetise US currency, to help shore up his country's economy. Both dollar and rupee, if Trump has his way, may start sharing the same symbol soon. 
Economy, which comes from the ancient Sanskrit word 'eko' which means 'one' and 'nomy' that signifies 'currency', may soon have one single currency as predicted by our scholars who gave economy to the world. 
MODI truly is Man Of Demonetised India” 
5) Urjit Patel and Mukesh Ambani are twins FaceOff: Urjit Patel and Mukesh Ambani presenting different facial features to hide the fact that they are actually twins. 
'What your mainstream media will not tell you? 
How many of you in the group know that RBI Governor Urjit Patel and Reliance Chief Mukesh Ambani are not only related but are actually twins? 
What your mainstream media will also not report is that Rajdeep Sardesai's wife Sagarika Ghose, who writes every anti-Modi story that you find in all newspapers, is actually the long-lost granddaughter of former Prime Minister Indra Gandhi. 
Here is the proof. Check their hairstyles: 
Send these to all Indians who truly believe they are Indians”.
