ARTICLE

You are here: Home / US / Ethan Hawk Weighs In on Election, Insults MILLIONS Of Americans Ethan Hawk Weighs In on Election, Insults MILLIONS Of Americans October 26, 2016  
Ethan Hawke — that guy who was in that movie, or something — just claimed that it was 'fascist” to hold Hillary Clinton accountable for the crimes she has committed. Oh and he also said that wanting to make American great again was racist. 
The Daily Beast published an interview with Hawke, gracing us with the musings of a man who should stick to memorizing the lines that someone else wrote for him. Then again, that's what he did, he spewed liberal talking points. This is also known as the 'stuff people incapable of higher level thinking” say in interviews to get attention. 
'When you see a man, if he wins, threatening to put his opponent in jail?” Hawke said in reference to Donald Trump promising that he would hold Clinton accountable for breaking the law. 'That's fascist behavior.” 
Yeah, you guys (oops, I forgot that's sexist but fortunately I also just remembered that I don't care). Anyway, Hawke may not understand how the law works, but it's pretty simple, even for him. If you break a law, consequences are supposed to follow. 
For most of us, there are consequences, but Clinton has been held to a different set of standards than the rest of us. Just ask retired 4-star Gen. James Cartwright how that works — he's facing jail time and a fine for doing something quite similar to Clinton yet she's still running for president. 
Let's take a gander at the definition of Fascism from Dictionary.com : 
noun 
1. 
( sometimes initial capital letter ) a governmental system led by a dictator having complete power, forcibly suppressing opposition and criticism, regimenting all industry, commerce, etc., and emphasizing an aggressive nationalism and often racism. 
All you have to do is swap out 'nationalism” for 'globalism” and that definition fits Clinton like a glove. Complete power, suppression of free speech, control of the economy, globalism, and racism are Clinton's platform. 
Liberals like to throw the word fascism around because they think it makes them sound smart, but far more often than not the fascist label is much more befitting of the liberal candidate than the conservative, and in this case especially, it is a fine example of what a Clinton presidency would look like. 
Hawke also called Trump's campaign slogan, 'Make America Great Again, racist in the interview. 'What 'Make America Great Again' means is not lost on any of us,” Hawke said. 'It means 'white' and 'male.'” 
Is that what it meant when former President Bill Clinton used it during his wife's 2008 presidential campaign? If so, boy, that makes things awkward, doesn't it? Slick Willy also used the phrase back in 1992 during his own campaign.

ARTICLE

 
WikiLeaks' email dump is proving a great deal of things about who Hillary Clinton really is and what she stands for. She's rather comfortable with cozying up to Wall Street , she has nothing but contempt for the everyday American , and employs people who literally want to bring about a complicit and unaware citizenry (which she likely supports 100%). 
It is also no secret that she is very much a fan of sweeping foreign-style gun laws which would effectively destroy the Second Amendment without even repealing it (though she obviously has not read my refutation of her unconstitutional and oppressive platform ). She would be more than happy to make the laws of states like California, Maryland, or New York into federal law… 
So why did she not fully endorse the highly controversial and oppressive New York gun control law known as the S.A.F.E. Act, which does many of the things that she so ardently desires to do? Good question… 
The Washington Free Beacon reported: 
Top Clinton campaign staffers worried about embracing the 2013 New York gun control law known as the SAFE Act during a speech at a leading gun control group's awards dinner, and ultimately decided to avoid praising some of the law's more controversial provisions, hacked emails published on Wednesday show. 
While reviewing the speech Hillary Clinton was slated to give at the Brady Center to Prevent Gun Violence's 2015 Bear Awards, a number of top Clinton staffers discussed how to praise Democratic New York Governor Andrew Cuomo's work on gun control without embracing the SAFE Act. 
The leaked emails show top Hillary aide Huma Abedin express a desire to fully endorse the NY law, which effectively bans any and all AR and AK style sporting rifles, and limited magazine capacity to 10 rounds (originally it was 7, despite rather few firearms that use a 7 round magazine, but that was struck down as federal court). 
Despite Huma's advice that Hillary endorse the law, Corey Ciorciari, a Clinton researcher advised against it. 
'Don't see a need to fully embrace the SAFE Act,” he said. 'There are some controversial items in there. We can highlight pieces that fit within our agenda.” 
… 
Ciorciari drafted a line that would highlight the parts of the SAFE Act the campaign liked while ignoring the rest. 
'I'm working with Megan to incorporate something like this: 'After the tragedy of Sandy Hook, when Congress failed to heed the call of the American people to take action, you led the fight in New York and expanded life saving background checks,' he said. 
Carrk, the campaign's research director, agreed with Ciorciari. 'SAFE is not a safe bet,” he replied. 
So the SAFE Act is 'not a safe bet,” ehh? What exactly does that mean? 
If anything, it shows that the Hillary Clinton campaign knows that gun control is not a winning issue; it's not a primary platform upon which the Democrats can win. 
Especially when it comes to things like banning the most commonly owned sporting rifle in the country, that's something that is literally toxic for almost any candidate running for office right now, with a few exceptions in certain very Leftist districts. 
Nonetheless, Hillary has touted some very dangerous ideas about new laws that would severely infringe on our right to bear arms; ideas like universal background checks (code words for gun owner registry), placing liability for gun-related deaths on firearms manufacturers, closing the gun show and online 'loopholes” (which don't exist!), etc. Essentially, she's advocating for things that will not solve crime, but will merely make criminals out of possibly a hundred million or more Americans. 
But of course, she can't say that. She can't say that she wants to ban your sporting rifle, force you to register it if it's grandfathered, then prohibit transferring, thus creating de facto confiscation through the passing of a generation. 
She knows that saying that, or even saying anything close to that, would be immediately pounced upon by the NRA, National Association for Gun Rights, Gun Owners of America, and countless other national and state-level organizations that fight to protect our rights. So she uses vague language and capitalizes on emotionally charged terms to get support for an extremist agenda. 
Still, don't be fooled. Though she did not explicitly endorse NY SAFE Act-style gun laws, she does support them, and you and I both know it. 
As is often attributed to Thomas Jefferson, 'Eternal vigilance is the price of liberty.”

ARTICLE

Don't let the media tell you that the anti-Donald Trump, anti-democratic and anti-American violence occurring across the nation is isolated or limited or really nothing to report on . 
Because it most certainly is. 
The mainstream media has just been too busy reporting on some of the stupid or decades-old comments Donald Trump makes to report on them. 
Or maybe they're so in the tank for the Left, they are willing to ignore what's right in front of their face – like the undercover video showing Hillary operatives staging and inciting violence at Trump rallies. 
Some events the media simply can't ignore – like the firebombing of a Republican Party headquarters in North Carolina. That was universally labeled an act of 'political terrorism,” which it clearly was. 
But the truth is, there are many more examples of this kind of violent hatred across the country. Our friends at Lifezette have compiled some of the most notable examples that you may not have been told about. They get local media coverage, but barely make it into the national news: On Oct. 15 in Bangor, Maine, vandals spray-painted about 20 parked cars outside a Trump rally. Trump supporter Paul Foster, whose van was hit with white paint, told reporters, 'Why can't they do a peaceful protest instead of painting cars, all of this, to make their statement?” Around Oct. 3, a couple of Trump supporters were assaulted in Zeitgeist, a San Francisco bar, after they were allegedly refused service for expressing support for Trump, GotNews reports. 'The two Trump supporters were attacked, punched, and chased into the street by 'some thugs' that a barmaid called out from the back.” Lilian Kim of ABC 7 Bay Area tweeted a photo of the men, in which one was wearing a Trump T-shirt and the other was wearing a 'Blue Lives Matter” shirt. On Sept. 28 in El Cajon, California, an angry mob at a Black Lives Matter protest beat 21-year-old Trump supporter Feras Jabro for wearing a 'Make America Great Again” baseball cap. The assault was broadcast live using the smartphone app Periscope. On Sept. 26 at Gustavus Adolphus College in St. Peter, Minnesota, as the first presidential debate was about to get underway, a woman wearing Trump campaign apparel was assaulted while heading to a debate watch event. 'Nobody, regardless of race, gender, or political party, should feel unsafe because of the way they look or what they wear when they walk on campus,” the Minnesota Federation of College Republicans said in a press release. On Aug. 19 in Minneapolis, Minnesota, Trump supporters had to run a gauntlet of angry protesters to get into a Trump fundraiser at the Minneapolis Convention Center. When they left after the event they were hit, pushed, and spit on. On Aug. 13 in Oak Ridge, Tennessee, 68-year-old cancer survivor Vester Bullock was beaten at a garage sale because he wore a Trump pin on his hat. The assailant 'slammed his arms, walked up to me and said, 'My wife told me I shouldn't trust a God-damn Republican,'” he said. The man complained the staple gun Bullock sold him didn't work. 'I told him 'I'll give you your money back,'” said Bullock. 'But he kept calling me all kinds of names.” The man punched Bullock in the jaw so hard he lost a tooth. On Aug. 12 in the West Hollywood neighborhood of Los Angeles, two women assaulted pro-Trump activist Tim Treadstone after a Trump rally. 'This blonde girl grabbed my iPhone and threw it as hard as she could to the pavement,” he said. 'And before I could pick it up, the brunette who was throwing the food at people punched me in the head. My glasses and my hat flew off. There were claw marks on my neck.” Last week, the two women were formally charged with assault and battery. The night of the rally, Treadstone and a group of Trump hat-wearers were denied service at a popular Mexican eatery. Customers began screaming at the Trump backers and throwing food at them. Earlier, at the West Hollywood rally, 'a can of Monster energy drink, eggs, and dog feces were also thrown at pro-Trump demonstrators,” according to Breitbart News. 'The can of Monster hit one man on the back.” On Aug. 3 in Bloomfield, New Jersey, an assailant attacked a 62-year-old man who was walking down the street wearing a pro-Trump T-shirt, local police said. 'The motorist inquired why [the man] was wearing the shirt, directing profanities at him,” a police spokesman said. 'The [victim] continued to walk away as [the] motorist followed him.” The motorist hit the man several times with a crowbar, causing injuries to his arms, hands, and thighs, On June 18, 19-year-old British national Michael Sandford tried to take a gun from a Las Vegas police officer during a Trump rally. Sandford was arrested and reportedly said he intended to use the gun to kill Trump. Unlike most of the anti-Trump attacks, this event was widely reported by the media. On June 2, in San Jose, California, rioters assaulted a group of attendees leaving a Trump rally. Fourteen of those attacked have filed a class-action lawsuit against the city and Mayor Sam Liccardo. The attendees 'were victimized by being forced by armed police to walk into a riot in full swing where many were assaulted while police looked on,” said their lawyer, Harmeet K. Dhillon. In San Jose, protesters also threw eggs, a tomato, and a bottle at Rachel Casey, a 29-year-old Trump supporter they cornered outside a hotel. 'I knew if I was to touch one of them or I was to grab one of the flags they were waving in my face that they would have attacked me or beaten me with those flag poles that were metal,” Casey told Breitbart News. 'I just kept a straight face, I don't know how. I just knew if I touched one of them I would get hurt. Luckily someone let me in that hotel, finally, someone finally opened the door.” On April 28, in Costa Mesa, California, anti-Trump demonstrators threw rocks at moving cars. One bloodied the face of a Trump supporter who was driving away after the rally. About 20 people were arrested. On March 12 at the Dayton, Ohio, airport, Black Lives Matter supporter Thomas Dimassimo rushed the small stage where Trump was speaking, an attack that received widespread media attention. He was tackled by Secret Service agents before he could reach the GOP candidate and was later charged with disorderly conduct and inducing panic. Before the attack he tweeted: 'I've had about all I can take from the violent trump ralliers. Saturday im [sic] going to check my people and spit on their false king.” After his release from jail, hours later, he tweeted: 'F**k you b**ch @realDonaldTrump[.]” 
This is but a sampling of the violence that has occurred by the left against Republicans, conservatives and Donald Trump supporters. 
So anyone who suggests that there would be violence after any contested elections needs to turn their eyes squarely on Hillary Clinton and her supporters.

ARTICLE

 
In Colorado, cases of voters casting ballots twice, the dead voting, and other cases of fraud are popping up, lending credence to conservatives' arguments that the election may be 'rigged.” 
CBS4 found at least a dozen cases where Coloradans have voted twice, and a previous investigation revealed the names of state residents who had been dead for months or years, still voting. 
In six of the cases, voting records show the exact same person citing twice in the state elections. In the other six, people who were registered in a different state also voted in Colorado. 
Lincoln Wilson, a registered Republican from Hale, in Northeast Colorado, is accused of voting in both Colorado and Kansas in 2010, 2012 and again in 2014. Wilson told CBS4 he voted in both states, but only 'voted on local issues” and 'didn't vote twice for President.” 
Wilson is one of five Coloradans now charged by the State of Kansas for voting in both states. 
Randall Killian, an unaffiliated voter, pleaded guilty to voting in Douglas County, Colorado and Kansas in the 2012 presidential election. Ron Weems, a registered Democrat, pleaded guilty to voting in Teller County, Colorado and Kansas in both 2012 and 2014. Both men were fined for their offenses. 
Kansas has also charged James Criswell, a Republican from Douglas County, and Sharon Farris, a Republican from Denver, with double voting. Their cases have not been resolved yet. 
Kansas Secretary of State Kris Kobach said his office is 'aggressively prosecuting” double voting cases because it's a crime that 'can't be caught ahead of time.” 
He says after each election, Colorado and Kansas crosscheck voters to identify double ballots and clean up their databases. But Kobach still believes 10,000 people are registered to vote in both Colorado and Kansas. 
Combing through voter data, CBS4 found three suspected double voters in Denver, one suspected double voter in Arapahoe County and one suspected double voter in Douglas County. All five cases that CBS4 uncovered have now been referred to prosecutors for possible criminal action. 
'It's a relatively small number,” said Williams, 'But, it is a problem of any magnitude because we have close elections in Colorado.” 
But, Colorado Secretary of State Wayne Williams admits other Coloradans are getting away with it. Combing through voter data, CBS4 found three suspected double voters in Denver, one suspected double voter in Arapahoe County and one suspected double voter in Douglas County. All five cases that CBS4 uncovered have now been referred to prosecutors for possible criminal action.

ARTICLE

 
Democrats have been caught stuffing absentee ballots with campaign material, in what must be a direct violation of federal law. 
It happened in Fairfax County, Virginia. When Jena Jones opened up her absentee ballot, she got more than she expected. Stuffed into the envelope was the actual ballot and several pieces of leftist campaign propaganda, WND reports : 
Jones, will be out of town on Election Day and requested an absentee ballot from the Virginia Department of Elections. She was surprised to what else came with her ballot. 
'I found a letter from the governor of Virginia asking me to please vote Democrat and 'help keep Virginia blue' this year. Then I got a letter from the Fairfax County Democratic Committee, giving me a step-by-step, yes-and-no what I should vote for as far as the meal tax and all those other things on the ballot,” Jena explained to WND and Radio America. 
The step-by-step letter that Jones is described is called a 'sample ballot” and it is handed out by campaign workers outside polling places (at a legal distance), telling people how to vote for one particular party or candidate. 
There was no material promoting any of the GOP candidates on the ballot or any information on the numerous proposals or propositions. Jones said she is not a registered Democrat and did not request the ballot from the party. 
Although Jones is not a political junkie of any sort, the inclusion of fliers from Democrats but nothing from Republicans struck her as odd. 
'I was a little confused as to why we didn't get anything Republican at all, and I wasn't sure why that was included in my ballot at all,” she said. 
On the back of the letter from McAuliffe were lengthy, glowing biographies of Hillary Clinton, Tim Kaine and her local congressman, Rep. Gerry Connolly. 
Her husband, David, was serving as a witness to Jena's vote. He was even more frustrated by all the pro-Democrat literature while no GOP materials were included. 
'I also was a little befuddled because I figured that this would be a time that you wouldn't want to encourage voters to go one way or the other,” David Jones said. 'It's just like when you walk into the precinct or the polls, they can't be within a certain amount of feet from the voting booths, and I figure they shouldn't be able to put a piece of paper in the envelope with your ballot.” 
David was also surprised by the letter from the Governor (Democrat Terry McAuliffe) urging the to 'keep Virginia blue” this year. 
'If it was just a letter saying, 'Hey we appreciate you voting. Every vote counts,' that would make sense and I would totally back that. But when there's a specific flier that says, 'Hillary Clinton for President' and 'Tim Kaine for Vice President,' laying out their platform, to me it was just biased. It was one side.” 
Here are some images, courtesy WND, of the materials the the Jones' received in their ballot. Isn't this against federal law?

ARTICLE

You are here: Home / US / Pentagon Makes STUNNING Reversal On Enlistment Bonus Repayments Pentagon Makes STUNNING Reversal On Enlistment Bonus Repayments October 26, 2016  
It was recently announced that members of the California National Guard who were deployed overseas would have to pay back enlistment bonuses to the government. 
The troops were deployed nearly ten years ago, and the Pentagon offered bonuses to encourage enlistment. Average bonuses were around $15,000. However, it turns out that only certain enlisted soldiers in specific intelligence, civl affairs, and non-commissioned officer roles were eligible for these bonuses, according to CNN . 
The call-back from the Pentagon was going to set people back an extraordinary amount of money, dollars that these people had come to depend on. Because of the government's mistakes, those who served in the military were going to be forced to give that money back. 
However, the Pentagon is issuing a reversal of that order. 
Fox News reported : 
BRUSSELS – U.S. Defense Secretary Ash Carter has ordered the Pentagon to stop seeking repayments of enlistment bonuses given to California National Guard members who served overseas. 
His decision comes in the wake of angry reaction from members of Congress who demanded he relieve the burden on the Guard members. And the White House said President Barack Obama has warned the Defense Department not to 'nickel and dime” service members who were victims of fraud by overzealous recruiters. 
In a statement issued during a meeting of defense ministers in Brussels, Carter said effort to collect reimbursement should stop 'as soon as is practical” and will continue until a process to help the troops deal with the problem is worked out. 
It is a good thing that those who received these bonuses are not being forced to give them back. Granting of enlistment bonuses to those who were not eligible is a bad mistake that is the fault of the government, not the soldiers being deployed. The soldiers and their families should not have to suffer hardship for mistakes made by top Pentagon officials. 
Unfortunately, this is just the latest in a long history of reckless handling of finances by the Pentagon. I recently reported on how the Pentagon cannot account for over $6.5 trillion in its budget. That's trillion with a T. 
Yet where is the outrage? It's almost non-existent. Maybe it's because we don't fathom how much a trillion really is. 
Nonetheless, the Pentagon needs to be reined in. Their pattern of reckless spending is not one that can be tolerated. (And, no, effectively punishing the troops for top officials' mistakes is not an option).

ARTICLE

 
Newt Gingrich has accused Fox News' Megyn Kelly of being 'fascinated” by sex, and not caring at all about public policy in a shocking and startling interview. 
The former Speaker of the House said Kelly showed 'bias” for mentioning the groping allegations against Donald Trump. 
Kelly responded by saying her fascination is not of 'sex,” but of who was going to end up in the White House. Kelly has a history with Trump – getting into a shouting match with the Republican candidate over comments he made about women during a primary debate. 
What set Gingrich off was Kelly's mention of the leaked 'sex boasts” tapes, where Trump is heard to say he grabs women by the genitals. 
Gingrich attacked, saying the media was obsessed with spending time on the unsubstantiated allegations of sexual misconduct, which Trump has denied. 'You are fascinated with sex and you don't care about public policy,” he said. 
'I'm not fascinated by sex, but I'm fascinated about sexual predators,” Kelly said. 
The bias the media has against Trump – especially focusing on sex – is historic. 
'This is a scale of bias worthy of Pravda and Izvestia, ” Gingrich said. 
Take a look at the awesome video:

ARTICLE

We keep calling it their 'last, desperate gasp for air” before sinking to the surface, never to rise again. 
But rise they do –over and over again. 
I'm speaking about the 'NeverTrump” movement that tried desperately to get anyone besides Donald Trump at the top of the GOP ticket and failed. 
We last heard from them right before the GOP national convention, when they suggested the electors might commit what amounts to mutiny and vote for someone other than Trump as their nominee. 
Now that the election is just days away, they seem to have come up with one last ditch – and certifiably insane way to keep Donald J. Trump out of the Oval Office: 
Elect, then impeach. 
That's their big plan. Elect Trump as president of the United States, then turn around and have him impeached, tried and booted from office, leaving us with a much more palatable Mike Pence as President. 
Our friends at The Federalist first floated this idea Tuesday and while they acknowledge it's a near impossibility, it shows just how desperate they are to keep Mr. Trump from the White House. 
There is a way out of this mess. It is a desperate plan, but desperate times, desperate measures: Elect-and-Impeach. Elect the ticket. Impeach Trump. 
The Republican Party does have an attractive candidate on its ticket. Socially conservative. Economically conservative. Conservative on national defense. Morally and religiously impeccable. The trouble is, that man is the Republican candidate for vice president, Mike Pence. 
But if Trump were impeached immediately after he took office, the Republican candidate for vice president would become president in his place. Further, if Republicans take the lead in removing Trump from office, the party might regain some of its lost credibility in parts of the electorate that it is anxious to attract. 
Jonathan Asbach , who is a PhD student at the prestigious Hillsdale College, thinks that while this would be a difficult plan, it's not impossible. The GOP is at odds with its own nominee. If enough of them are willing to cross party lines to vote for impeachment, it could be done. 
Then there's the problem of what to charge Trump with. He must be guilty of 'high crimes and misdemeanors,” according to the Constitution. Asbach argues that 'if Trump is half as corrupt as we have been told, surely some charge could be made to stick—especially if the recent allegations of sexual assault prove to be more than empty propaganda.” 
Elect-and-Impeach offers conservatives precisely what they want: A solid conservative president far better than either of the two major-party candidates. He's far better, for that matter, than either of the two leading third-party candidates who have attracted attention as magnets for protest votes. 
There are two steps for this to actually happen, he writes. First, the GOP would have to grow a spine. 'Republican congressmen and senators must pledge to take on the unsavory job of impeaching their own candidate the moment he becomes president,” Asbach writes. 'As this is by far the least-bad option that Republican leaders have, they should be willing to step up to the plate. 
Second, all the GOP voters who have abandoned the party because of Trump would have to return to the flock, actually vote for the candidate knowing that 'it is not really him you are voting for, then… lobby your senator and congressman to do their part and remove Trump from the head of it.” 
There is a potential for dawn after the dark night of the 2016 electoral season. There is a very real possible future in which Pence is the president of the United States, in which the country is in safe, responsible, conservative hands. It would also be one in which the Supreme Court is saved from the lawless ruffians who want to rewrite the Constitution as they see fit. 
But for that future to be realized, Republicans have to work together, and they have to do so quickly. Inertia is our greatest obstacle. This has never been done before. That makes it seem like it cannot be done. But America cannot afford our complacency. This is our last chance to prevent impending electoral catastrophe. 
So this is a plea to conservative leaders and conservative voters: Do your part. Make the pledge. Cast the vote. Help make Elect-and-Impeach a reality. 
Just when I thought the #NeverTrumpers had quieted down, they come up with this plan. 
I have to hand it to them – it's certainly different . 
It will never, ever, work. But it shows the complete desperation that some folks have about the prospect of Donald Trump as president of the United States.

ARTICLE

You are here: Home / US / The Sad Evolution Of Education Summed Up By One Meme The Sad Evolution Of Education Summed Up By One Meme October 26, 2016  
Robert Gehl reports that the City of Portland has come up with a genius idea to get America's schoolchildren back on track. 
With our nation's educational system in shambles and our students doing worse and worse compared with other nations (worse than Slovakia? ), school officials have decided to ban homework. 
That's the big plan from folks whose city has the most strip bars per capita and whose motto is: 'Keep Portland Weird.” 
The plan – to ban all homework in elementary schools – went into effect with the start of school this week. 
Instead, OregonLive reports , here is what the school tells students to do with their free time: 'Cuddle with your parents. Play board games with your siblings. Pick up a favorite book to read or be read to. Run around and be as active as you can.” 
Officials claim that giving young kids homework doesn't help their test scores at all … 
Why ban homework? A team of teachers at Cherry Park Elementary in the David Douglas school district in East Portland dug into the research and found that, while high school students learn more when they do homework, for elementary pupils, there is little to no evidence homework does any good. 
But further down, we discover the true motive behind their homework ban: Racism . 
Principal Kate Barker says assigning regular homework isn't a fabulous idea at any elementary school, but especially not at Cherry Park, where at least 75 percent of students live at or below the poverty line and families speak more than 30 different languages. 
'We find that homework really increases that inequity,” Barker said. 'It provides a barrier to our students who need the most support.” 
That's right. They're not saying homework doesn't help. What they're saying – and trust me, I'm a teacher – is that homework doesn't help poor people (they mean minorities) and that if it doesn't help poor people, then nobody should do it. 
The truth is that lower-income families have less time to spend with their children – making sure they do their homework, helping them with it. So fewer of the lower-income, minority kids do it. 
So rather than find a way to get these parents to spend more time helping their kids, they're giving up and just banning homework altogether. 
Barker says the school will carefully monitor if students are making enough academic progress and will tweak things if they are not. But making better use of the school day, not assigning homework, will be the strategy if change is needed, she said. 
Teachers got on board with the no-homework policy once the rationale was explained, Barker said. Parents have been 100 percent in favor of the change. 
And the students? They, she said, 'are cheering.” 
And that's why our school system is failing. 
Keeping Portland weird. Weird and stupid.

ARTICLE

You are here: Home / political cartoon / The DESPICABLE Treatment of Our Troops Summed Up By One Cartoon The DESPICABLE Treatment of Our Troops Summed Up By One Cartoon October 26, 2016  
Robert Gehl reports that in a perfect sign of how little respect Barack Obama has for America's men and women in uniform, he just offered our soldiers a pay raise that effectively leaves them with less money . 
Back in April, the House Armed Services Committee approved a 2.1 percent pay raise for all military personnel – just above the increased cost of living. 
But that was just too much for Barack Obama. He countered with a 1.6 percent pay raise, below even what it takes to cover the cost of living. 
This will be the fourth straight year that Obama's pay raises for the military doesn't even keep up with average wage growth in the private sector. @Militarydotcom the 1.6% raise subtract the BAH cuts and healthcare "reform" means military members & veterans will loose $ this year 
— Doc Bennett (@DocBennett1ID) June 14, 2016 
This is all going on while the Obama Administration is spending untold millions bringing in improperly vetted Syrian refugees. @RMConservative @JBaker31826004 Obama spends $millions on admission of Syrian refugees & just cut the military pay raise from 2.1% to 1.6%. 
— CDL (@TXCOL7) September 5, 2016 
When you add in rising health costs and the reduction in the housing allowance (BAH), it's a pretty significant cut in pay. 
The Independent Journal Review interviewed several veterans who are on disability and asked them how such a meager pay raise affects them: 
Chris receives 70% disability resulting from internal injuries and traumatic brain injury (TBI). His raise at 1.6%? Just $27 per month: 
'The small increases [of living expenses] have affected our family of five. Not only do we have a cost increase of daily expenses and from adding a new baby, but living expenses have outpaced the raises dramatically. 
In the last year, our mortgage payment has gone up twice, totaling over $200 a month, just to keep up with our escrow. We are both working hard, more than we would like with three small kids, to survive and maintain our standard of living.” 
Zach's disability rating is 50%: 
'A 1.6% increase would add $18.18 to my monthly award. So this year I could add less than a meal per month to the table. 
I try to maintain a humble heart and mind; remembering the fact that the money I receive is a gift from God. So I do what I am able to with the gift given. But my cost of living continues to increase so my 'increase' basically just reduces the actual 'decrease' in salary.” 
In addition to these cuts, the military is considering privatizing military commissaries, which most experts predict will result in higher food prices on base. 
This is a perfect example of what little regard Barack Obama has for America's fighting forces.

ARTICLE

 
C.E. Dyer writes that the disaster that is Obamacare is about to get worse for many people enrolled in the health insurance marketplace. On Monday, the Obama administration confirmed that premiums will skyrocket for many people next year, according to the Associated Press . 
The AP reported: 
Before taxpayer-provided subsidies, premiums for a midlevel benchmark plan will increase an average of 25 percent across the 39 states served by the federally run online market, according to a report from the Department of Health and Human Services. Some states will see much bigger jumps, others less. 
Moreover, about 1 in 5 consumers will only have plans from a single insurer to pick from, after major national carriers such as UnitedHealth Group, Humana and Aetna scaled back their roles. 
In some states, the premium increases are striking. In Arizona, unsubsidized premiums for a hypothetical 27-year-old buying a benchmark 'second-lowest cost silver plan” will jump by 116 percent, from $196 to $422, according to the administration report. 
But HHS said if that hypothetical consumer has a fairly modest income, making $25,000 a year, the subsidies would cover $280 of the new premium, and the consumer would pay $142. Caveat: if the consumer is making $30,000 or $40,000 his or her subsidy would be significantly lower. 
Larry Levitt, who follows the health care law for the nonpartisan Kaiser Family Foundation, said of the increases: 'Consumers will be faced this year with not only big premium increases but also with a declining number of insurers participating, and that will lead to a tumultuous open enrollment period.” 
Donald Trump's campaign spokesman, Jason Miller, said in a statement on Monday: 'This shows why the entire program must be repealed and replaced.” Miller added, 'While (Hillary) Clinton wants to expand the failed program known as Obamacare, Mr. Trump knows the only way to fix our nation's failing health care system is complete and total reform.” 
Reports have warned that this was coming down the pike for some time; however, HHS's confirmation ahead of open enrollment beginning Nov. 1 — one week before the election — is likely to cause major headaches for many people. 
This debacle is not unexpected either — it's exactly what President Obama and Democrat nominee Hillary Clinton wanted to happen. 
Obamacare was never the end goal. Rather, it was a stepping stone toward single-payer, government-run healthcare. That is a big reason why Obama wants Clinton to become president — his legacy is at stake. 
Obama's legacy is largely wrapped up in Obamacare and what it leads to. Clinton tried to push this first step during her time as first lady and failed, but the conditions will be ripe for her to go even further should she be elected. 
If Clinton becomes president, there's no doubt that her next step will be to move to single-payer healthcare. Obamacare is bad, there's no doubt about it, but single-payer government healthcare would be even worse.

ARTICLE

 
C.E. Dyer reports that actor James Woods posted a powerful video on Twitter about what happened on Highway 265 in Arkansas over four decades ago that Democrat nominee Hillary Clinton doesn't want people to know about. 
The video chronicled the rape of a 12-year-old Arkansas girl, Kathy Shelton, that occurred on May 10, 1975 when two men lured the girl into their car and brutally assaulted her. 
— James Woods (@RealJamesWoods) September 20, 2016 
This video details the horrific attack…and the actions of the attorney who defended one of the rapists: Hillary Clinton. 
According to the video, child was raped and beaten so brutally that she spent five days in a coma and was left unable to bear children. 
A local paper mill worker, 41-year-old Thomas Alfred Taylor, was charged with the rape. Then Hillary Rodham became his attorney. 
Taylor had semen mixed with the 12-year-old victim's blood in his underwear, proving that he committed the crime. In court, Hillary maligned the rape victim's character in order to defend her monster of a client. 
From the video: 'Taylor's attorney went to extraordinary lengths to discredit the child victim, suppressing all oral, written and physical evidence, forcing the 12-year-old to submit to polygraphs and psychiatric evaluations, even accusing the child (who had been a virgin until the attack) of seeking out older men and 'fantasizing' her rape.” 
The victim has recently come forward to talk about how Hillary's lies ruined her life, which after the trial spiraled into a struggle with drugs and prison time. 
Shelton, who has already been put through a truly horrific nightmare, had to hear the tapes released in which Hillary laughed about the trial. 
Hillary laughed, on tape, about a trial of a man who brutally raped a 12-year old girl and subsequently received less than a year in prison for his horrific crime. 
Shelton has decided to speak out about her nightmare at the hands of Hillary Rodham. The video ends with a message from Shelton to Clinton, 'You lied about me. You took me through Hell.” 
Clinton has claimed that she had an obligation to defend Taylor, but she is wrong; she did not have to do what she did. What she put a 12-year-old rape victim through is beyond the pale. 
Liberals regularly talk about victim blaming and rape culture in America, but where is the outrage about what Clinton did to a 12-year-old rape victim as a defense attorney? 
What else is there to say really? If you can watch that video and not be utterly and completely disgusted with Clinton, well, God help you. 

ARTICLE


Fox News reported : 
Five police officers and yellow caution tape surround Donald Trump's Hollywood Walk of Fame star — or what's left of it. 
The Los Angeles police say they are investigating the smashing of Trump's star following footage that showed the sidewalk tribute was destroyed with a pickax. 
Det. Meghan Aguilar says investigators were called to the scene before dawn Wednesday. 
By mid-morning, an LAPD spokesperson at the scene told FOX411 the Chamber of Commerce was sending out a crew in the hopes of getting the star repaired as soon as possible. 
'Investigators are looking at [a] felony vandalism [charge] because of the value which the Chamber of Commerce has placed [on the star] at $2,500…” the spokesperson told us. 'As soon as investigators can positively identify the suspect, which they are very sure they can do… they will go ahead and make a decision whether they want to arrest that suspect or seek a warrant.” 
Fox411 spoke with a worker from Top End Construction who told them that the damage done to Trump's star was 'probably the worst I have seen.” 
A man named Jamie Otis has taken responsibility for the destruction, according to Deadline Hollywood, which posted a video of the man taking a pickax to Trump's star. 
According to Deadline, Otis planned to auction off the star and give the money to the 11 women who have come forward with groping allegations against Trump just weeks before the presidential election. 
Trump has denied the groping allegations and it's painfully obvious that they are almost assuredly politically motivated . As far as what the women get out of it, some may be politically motivated themselves and others have had their ulterior motives — money , fame, payback because Trump didn't go to their restaurant, etc. — exposed. 
Hollywood Chamber of Commerce President and CEO Leron Gubler made it clear that his organization 'intends to prosecute to the full extent of the law,” whoever is found to be responsible for the damage.” 
'The Hollywood Walk of Fame is an institution celebrating the positive contributions of the inductees,” Gubler stated. 'When people are unhappy with one of our honorees, we would hope that they would project their anger in more positive ways than to vandalize a California State landmark.” 

ARTICLE

 
Democrat presidential nominee Hillary Clinton's glass house of sexual impropriety and hypocrisy just got a new addition. Clinton is set to fundraise with rapper Jay-Z, whose lyrics put GOP nominee Donald Trump's 11-year-old comments to shame. 
Clinton, who brands herself as some sort of champion of women's issues, will fund-raise with Jay-Z, whose popular song titled 'Big Pimpin” includes the following lyrics: You know I – thug em, f— em, love em, leave em Cause I don't f—in need em Take em out the hood, keep em lookin good But I don't f—in feed em First time they fuss I'm breezin. 
Taking desperate women 'out the hood,” taking the money they make from selling their bodies and further abusing them is really championing women's issues, eh? 
Let's see, Trump made some lewd comments about what consenting adult women would hypothetically allow him to do because of his star status and he's a monster, but Jay-Z talks about profiting off of the misery of desperate women and treating them like garbage and hey, he's with her! 
Western Journalism reported : 
Writing on TruthFeed , Amy Moreno noted that Clinton has a stable of rap artists supporting her whose language is beyond offensive. 
'Even while Hillary and her supporters are feigning outrage, she ran a contest on her website promoting a 'meet-and-greet' with rap artist Pusha T, who says vulgar things about women in his songs,” she wrote. 
In Got 'Em Covered , Pusha T sings: All of you lil' n—as quote all of the wrong figures Poke all of the wrong b—s And follow the wrong n—as.” 
'Yet, besides all that anti-woman vulgarity, Hillary had a contest on her website to meet this animal,” wrote Moreno. 
Western Journalism also reported that earlier this month, Trump supporter Betsy McCaughey called out Clinton's hypocrisy. McCaughey responded to the video of Trump's comments by noting how Clinton accepts support from rappers who denigrate women for a living. 
'Hillary Clinton expresses that she finds the language … horrific, but in fact she likes language like this, quote, 'I came to slay, b—-. When he F me good, I take his a– to Red Lobster,' McCaughey said and added, 'That happens to be a line from Beyoncé.” 
'Her [Clinton's] favorite performer whom she says she idolizes and would like to imitate,” she continued. 'So you know what I'm saying to you? There's a lot of hypocrisy.” 
Clinton doesn't care about women, children , minorities, or anyone else that she uses and abuses to gain votes. Clinton cares about money and power — that's it.

ARTICLE

 
Students at Tufts University outside Boston are being told that if they wear Halloween costumes that anyone finds 'offensive, they could get a visit from the police. 
Students in the school's Greek system were told they could face 'serious disciplinary sanctions” including an investigation by university police for wearing costumes that offend people or make people feel 'threatened or unsafe,” The College Fix is reporting . 
In a letter to the presidents of all the school's fraternities and sororities signed by council leaders, they seem to be cracking down on pretty much any costume at all that anyone, anywhere would find offensive. 
Greek Brothers and Sisters have worn costumes that appropriate cultures and reproduce stereotypes on race, gender, sexuality, immigrant or socioeconomic status. Outfits relating to tragedy, controversy, or acts of violence are also inappropriate. … It is our mission to promote spaces that allow members of the Tufts community to have fun without feeling as though any part of their identity is being misrepresented or targeted. 
It then goes a step further and warns of the 'consequences for wearing an offensive costume: 
Mary Pat McMahon, the Dean of Student Affairs, described the consequences as follows: 'The range of response for students whose actions make others in our community feel threatened or unsafe, or who direct conduct towards others that is offensive or discriminatory, includes [Office of Equal Opportunity] and/or [Tufts University Police Department] investigation and then disciplinary sanctions from our office that could run a wide gamut depending on what is brought to our attention and the impact of these actions on others. Any complaints will result in full investigation by University officials and could result in serious disciplinary sanctions through Judicial Affairs.” 
Of course, this kind of totalitarian behavior is only possible if fellow students tell on each other . And that's exactly what they do. They encourage students to report someone wearing an 'inappropriate or offensive” costume and provide a link to the school's ' bias reporting form .” 
The letter was signed by the Inter Greek Council, Multicultural Greek Council, InterFraternity Council, and Panhellenic Council. It also reminds students to obtain consent before any sexual encounters during Halloween, citing a traditional increase in assaults during this time. 
School officials insist that the students themselves wrote the letter and that the school does not have an official policy about Halloween costumes: 
'The letter was written by students, for students, to encourage a thoughtful and considerate celebration of Halloween within our diverse and inclusive community and to stress the importance of alcohol safety and sexual consent,” campus Spokesman Patrick Collins said. 'We commend the leaders of our Greek Life councils for proactively raising these important issues with their fellow participants in Greek Life and encouraging responsible behavior. As is the case at any time, students whose actions are discriminatory or threaten others can face a range of disciplinary sanctions. Depending on their seriousness, such actions, when called to our attention, can prompt investigations by the Office of the Dean of Student Affairs, the Office of Equal Opportunity or, in certain circumstances, the Tufts University Police Department.”

ARTICLE

You are here: Home / US / Look Who 97% of Donations from DOJ Employees Went To Look Who 97% of Donations from DOJ Employees Went To October 26, 2016  
It will probably come as no surprise to anyone, but a huge majority of federal workers give political donations to… Democrats, namely Hillary Clinton. 
Of course this isn't a shocker. Federal workers know their jobs will remain intact if they keep helping the people who have continued to grow government to the outrageous behemoth it has become. 
From The Hill : 
Of the roughly $2 million that federal workers from 14 agencies spent on presidential politics by the end of September, about $1.9 million, or 95 percent, went to the Democratic nominee's campaign, according to an analysis by The Hill. 
Employees at all the agencies analyzed, without exception, are sending their campaign contributions overwhelmingly to Clinton over her Republican counterpart. Several agencies, such as the State Department, which Clinton once led, saw more than 99 percent of contributions going to Clinton. 
Employees of the Department of Justice, which investigated Clinton's use of a private email server while she was secretary of State, gave Clinton 97 percent of their donations. Trump received $8,756 from DOJ employees compared with $286,797 for Clinton. From IRS employees, Clinton received 94 percent of donations. 
What's even more ironic is that these people are paid with taxpayer dollars. They keep using their salaries paid for with taxpayer dollars to help elect Democrats, who keep spending taxpayer dollars to keep these people employed with cushy benefits and salaries that are higher than for the same position in the private sector. 
The only people who actually suffer, of course, are those who have to foot the bill for everything. And yes, federal workers pay taxes as well, but they are paying taxes using taxpayer dollars that pay their salaries to further push politicians that will keep increasing the size of government AND taxes and their salaries. 
It's especially ironic that the Department of Justice spent so much on Hillary considering she has made fools of them. Obama has completely politicized the department. There is no justice at the Department of Justice anymore. They have lost all credibility thanks to Democrats, just like the FBI.

ARTICLE

 
Today, Project Veritas released the fourth video in their 'Rigging the Election” series, titled, ' Rigging the Election – Video IV: $20K Wire Transfer From Belize Returned .” In it, Democracy Partners founder Robert Creamer, who visited the White House 342 times during President Obama's time there — 45 times with Obama himself — and has since resigned from his position, is on tape talking about shady, offshore donations. 
At the beginning of the video, Creamer admits how close he is to the White House: 'I've known the president since he was a community organizer in Chicago […] Every morning, I am on a call at 10:30 that goes over the message being driven by campaign headquarters […] I do a lot of work with the White House.” 
MRC TV reported about the video that unearthed major donations from offshore accounts in Belize that were 'mysteriously returned”: 
O'Keefe then claims the Clinton campaign violated Federal Election Campaign (FEC) coordination laws. He alleges they sent a fake possible donor, named Charles Roth III, to speak with members of Americans United for Change (AUFC), another organization working with the Clinton campaign, to see how they would go about helping a 'donor” who wanted to stop Donald Trump from winning the presidency. 
'Roth” spoke to Creamer about donating $20,000, and also inquired about how to affect Trump campaign events. 
According to Creamer, who responded to Roth: 'Now, Trump events is fine and frankly I spent most of my time overseeing the Trump events around the country. I mean that's what I do, that's what I do for the Clinton campaign…so that's interesting as well.” 
Creamer then instructed Roth to send a check to AUFC — the group that O'Keefe reported Creamer was a general consultant for. Creamer admitted that he was a consultant for AUFC, but conveniently, after the first two Project Veritas videos were releaed, Creamer's name was scrubbed from their site. 
Project Veritas dug even deeper into the corruption after AUFC confirmed that they got the $20,000 donation check from Roth via the offshore Belize account. To do so, Project Veritas sent another undercover journalist to intern with Democracy Partners and work with Creamer. 
Scott Foval, who we met in the previous 'Rigged Election” series videos, is now the former national field director for AUFC and spoke to who he believed was a representative for Roth: 'If he wants to get dirty, we can get dirty.” 
Much more was unearthed in the video — including Cesar Vargas, an illegal alien and founder of the Dream Action Coalition — who talked about conducting voter fraud in a meeting with Foval. 
'What's the goal of the campaign right,” Vargas asked and added, 'Yeah and for me I totally get it, this is illegal, this is something that can be done.” 
Project Veritas created a fictitious 'money man” for Roth named Michael Carlson to see what these Democrat operatives would do with the promise of more money dangled in front of them. Creamer spoke to Carlson on the phone about a fictitious, wealthy client living in Syria that wanted to come to the U.S. Creamer told Carlson: 
I just need to, I will try and find a couple of good referrals to you and get back to you pretty quick then. Okay? On the first…Well, I'll just talk to…the guy I'm going to talk to first, to see if this is up his alley, the first thing is up his alley. It's the guy who ran the campaign for President Obama. He has a firm that's pretty well connected. 
Now, where did the $20,000 go? MRC-TV reported: 
The shocker of why the $20,000 was mysteriously returned led back to the direction of Woodhouse [AUFC President Brad Woodhouse]. O'Keefe claims that once Woodhouse learned of the future release of the undercover videos, the money was wire returned back to the offshore account in Belize with Woodhouse claiming suspicion of a foreign donation. 
Make sure to watch the entire Project Veritas video so you can see the corruption for yourself — including a pay-to-pay situation involving Creamer who was caught admitting that a donation could buy a meeting with Clinton.

ARTICLE

 
Crazy Uncle Joe Biden is at it again, and this time he said he'd like to fight Donald Trump 'behind the gym.” Trump responded, 'Some things in life you could really love doing,” according to the U.K. Daily Mail . 
Biden, who usually has his hands full groping any women and children that are in his vicinity, got upset when asked about comments Trump made 11 years ago on tape about women. Creepy Uncle Joe got so upset when asked if he would like to debate Trump that he said that he wished he could go back to high school because he 'could take him behind the gym.” 
Side note: don't go anywhere alone with creepy Uncle Joe, no matter how much candy he offers you. 
It seems like Biden's comments were a skosh defensive, probably because unlike Trump, who just talked about being able to grope women who would be willing because of his star status, Biden is actually on camera groping women and children. 
But what does the media do? 'Oh that's just Uncle Joe, he's harmless. Wait, just don't sit on his lap, okay? Or get in his van. Isn't he charming?” 
Trump wasn't too concerned about creepy Joe and his empty threats. At a rally in Florida on Tuesday, Trump responded to gropey Biden's blowhard comments, courtesy of the U.K. Daily Mail: 
'Did you see where Biden wants to 'take me to the back of the barn.' Me! He wants to – I'd love that. I'd love that. Mr. Tough Guy! You know, he's Mr. Tough Guy,' Trump boasted.” 
'You know when he's Mr. Tough Guy? When he's standing behind a microphone by himself. That's when he's Mr. – 
'He wants to bring me to the back of the barn. Ohhhh. Some things in life you could really love doing! 
'And by the way,' Trump vented, 'if I'd said that? They'd say, 'He's violent! How could he have done that? How could he have?'” 
Yeah, I'm going to go out on a limb here and say that Trump isn't too concerned about Biden, a man who gropes women — including elderly women — and little girls on camera and probably does so because even the elderly women and little girls could take him if they weren't caught off guard by the lecherous vice president molesting them in public with cameras all around. 
Maybe Biden should learn to keep his hands, feet and other objects to himself before he worries about Trump's comments on tape 11 years ago about what consenting, adult women would hypothetically allow him to do.

ARTICLE

 
Clown-phobia has reached its boiling point. 
Fueled by a media frenzy, the American people Americans are now more afraid of 'clowns” than climate change. 
The poll shows that America's top fears now include being attacked by clowns. 
And nitwits who are hell-bent on terrorizing people know that. 
This is where our story turns to 20-year-old Sadiq Mohammad. He thought it would be hilarious to dress up as a clown and scare people, film it and post it on his YouTube page, which has been viewed over 6.7 million times. 'People love comedy,” Mohammad said.” 
Well, not everyone. 
Because at least one of his 'victims” was having none of it. 
The Stockton, California, resident was pranking people all day on Monday … he had a run-in with some folks at a Taco Bell drive-through, ran after a kid playing basketball and chased some men carrying a saw. 
Hilarious, right? 
For his next prank, he hid behind a bush … a man was walking down the sidewalk, minding his own business. 
When Mohammad jumped out, well … you've got to see it: 
WMC Action News 5 – Memphis, Tennessee 
The man hit him with his gun. 
'When that thing hit me, I was literally like oh dang, it's a prank it's a joke, it's a camera right there,” Sadiq said, telling a reporter he was almost afraid to run. 
'Yeah. I seen the gun and if I didn't tell him it was a prank if I wouldn't have run I felt like he would have shot me.” 
Sacramento attorney Kresta Daly says people have self-defense rights, WMCActionNews5.com is reporting . 
'So, a person has the right to defend themselves using reasonable force,” she said. 'It's probably not reasonable to pull a gun.” 
That's because in the video the man starts telling him the prank is not funny and then pulls out his gun. 
'By the time the clown is saying it's a prank and you know, trying to get away and visibly being very scared, the threat has ended and the right to self-defense ends when the threat ends,” she said. 
Sadiq and his camera man took off running and never looked back. 
What is the lesson learned? 
'Lesson learned is like people don't play with the clown stuff,” he said. 'Like, people really will shoot anybody.” 
This lucky clown is now hanging up his costume for good.

ARTICLE

 
At a prestigious Boston school, they have a pretty strict dress code. No gang-related colors, no cut-offs, nothing too offensive or revealing. 
Women at Boston Latin School can't wear skirts whose hemlines are more than four inches above the knee and their bra straps can't be the 'spaghetti” style, where they're so thin they're barely there. This is a middle and high school folks … not a college for adults. 
It's a way of showing a little decorum – a little respect for yourself and for the school. 
And it promotes rape culture . 
Because for radical feminists, telling them not to dress provocatively is telling them that men are sexist pigs who simply can't resist the wiles of a woman. 
They call it 'victim-blaming” and while there's a point to it – you can't blame a woman for being assault if she's jogging alone in a park, but certainly you can bring up a woman's attire if it is specifically designed to attract attention from the opposite sex. 
Let's be honest: Women sometimes dress for attention. They want guys to look at them. 
But under leftist-feminist theory, they shouldn't. 
So, as HeatStreet reports, there's a Change.org petition that claims this dress code sends the message that 'we live in a patriarchal society where men can decide whether a female's clothing is appropriate or inappropriate.” 
The dress code, they claim, creates a 'a sense of shame towards girls [sic] bodies” and reinforces the notion that 'yes, it is our fault when girls get raped because they should have covered up and avoided the situation by dressing in a way that does not attract another person.” 
I'm not sure what these women want. Do they want to be able to attend school wearing micro-miniskirts and just bras? Pasties? Maybe we shouldn't have a dress code at all? 
In reaction to the idiotic controversy, Boston Latin School changed their policy, allowing women to wear 'leggings” as long as they're not 'see-through.” The rest of the policy will stay in place until Nov. 1 – then it will probably be changed again. 
Here's how their 'petition” reads: By allowing the school to dress code us, we are telling the school several things: Yes, we still live in a patriarchal society where men can decide whether a female's clothing is appropriate or inappropriate. Yes, a body should be covered in order to be attractive. Establishing a sense of shame towards girls bodies is okay and perfectly acceptable. Yes, a girl's body is a sinful temptation that needs to be covered up at all costs for others to focus on their education. Yes, a female's body is more tempting and sexual than a male's body. Yes, it is our fault when girls get raped because they should have covered up and avoided the situation by dressing in a way that does not attract another person. Are these statements correct to you? Is it okay to assign a dress code in this manner? If the answer is NO! then sign this petition to tell Mr. Contompasis to reconsider his dress code restrictions. 
What a bunch of nonsense. These are CHILDREN. They do not get a say in establishing a school's dress code. PERIOD.

ARTICLE

 
Robert Gehl reports that of all the videos and images to come out of the Milwaukee riots, there's one that is particularly chilling. 
The 2-minute video is apparently taken during the riots Saturday night following the shooting of a black, armed man who was reportedly a gang member. 
Moments after the shooting occurred, hundreds of rioters took to the streets, setting cars on fire and burning about a half-dozen businesses. Chants of 'Black Power!” could be heard sporadically as well. But in this video, it appears an entire gang of black youth are seeking out and targeting white people to assault.
'Hey! We're beating up every white person! Get every white person!” the cameraman says. 
When he witnesses someone being assaulted, he asks 'Who they beatin' up? Who they beaten' up?” 
At one point, when they spot a 'white person,” he screams 'He white! Beat his shit! Beat!” 
The thug pans around looking for white people to assault. You can hear the crowd reacting, trying to point out white people. Again, he cries: 'Hey! They beating up every white person!” Apparently he spots a homeless man. 'Look at the f***in' white bum! Look at the white bum!”
Throughout the rest of the video, there's screams of white people as their racist hunt continues. 
Toward the end, shots ring out in the distance, startling the cameraman. 'Who the f*** is shooting? Stop shooting!” Moments later, shots are fired much closer and the video ends.” 
This is the direct result of the Black Lives Matter racist, anti-police agenda and Barack Obama's acceptance of their cause. 
This is Obama's ' post-racial America .” Welcome to it, folks .

ARTICLE

You are here: Home / US / BRUTAL Meme Exposes How Government REALLY Works BRUTAL Meme Exposes How Government REALLY Works October 26, 2016  
Derrick Wilburn writes that if ever there was a governmental agency gone rogue it's the Obama Environmental Protection Agency. The EPA has now become a faux-legislative body and through its vast overreach the federal government has assumed control over huge swaths of America, American industry and put tens if not hundreds of thousands of Americans out of work. 
Last year the EPA passed a rule granting itself power over puddles by naming them wetlands which fall under federal jurisdiction. A blatant move to allow environmental groups to sue developers, halt natural resource exploration or any other project they'd like to stop. 
Now it's happening again. 
When farmers plow their land in preparation for planting it produces grooves in the earth called 'furrows.” These furrows are bordered on each side by small ridges of dirt. 
The EPA, in its insatiable appetite for control via new regulatory powers, has come up with another term for furrows: ' mini mountain ranges .” You read correctly. This entirely absurd distinction is extremely important because, like wetlands, guess who has control over the nation's mountain ranges? The feds. This ridiculous name –mini mountain ranges– could be enough for the federal government to seize control over private land use decisions by U.S. farmers. 
This nonsense has come to light as a result of a U.S. Senate committee report . 'A Senate Report on the Expansion of Jurisdiction Claimed by the Army Corps of Engineers and the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency under the Clean Water Act” was released September 20th. America's two largest environmental regulation agencies, the EPA and U.S. Army Corps (that's pronounced ' core ”, by the way) of Engineers proposed this regulatory rule. 
The rule uses the Clean Water Act to give the two federal agencies expanded jurisdiction over private land use decisions. 
Like any good rogue body the EPA is not responding to inquiries about it activities and is instead referring questions to the Department of Justice. To no one's surprise, DOJ is also refusing to comment claiming that because the new rule is being challenged in court it cannot. Sort of like a guy claiming he's not going to publicly release tax returns while the subject of a federal audit. 
Confused by its title many mistakenly presume the Army Corps of Engineers is in some ways a military or para-military body. Not so much. The Corps is a federal agency charged with oversight of America's waterways. On its website the agency states that 'environmental sustainability” is a 'guiding principle.” Tell you all you need to know? 
Jason Hayes, Director of Environmental Policy at the Mackinac Center for Public Policy, said the 1977 amendments to the Clean Water Act specifically exempted plowing as a 'normal farming activity.” The EPA is attempting to do away with that exemption. 
'The Corps even tries to argue that these newly created small mountain ranges hamper the growth and development of wetland plant species, apparently ignoring the fact that farmlands are managed to produce crops, not cattails,” Hayes said. 'No reasonable regulation of the nation's farmland can demand farmers produce crops without moving dirt, or expect farmers to produce wetland plant species instead of corn or wheat.” 
Daren Bakst, a research fellow in agricultural policy at The Heritage Foundation, said it is not surprising that the EPA and Corps claim furrowing can create small mountain ranges, 'Does kicking a pebble next to water create a mini-meteor? Is a puddle a mini-ocean? Who knows?” Bakst wrote. 
The Senate report concludes that if the EPA and Corps of Engineers interpretations were allowed, 'most if not all plowing” would be considered a 'discharge of a pollutant” and require a federal permit. Get that – U.S. farmers required to file for and obtain federal permits in order to plow their own land . And if you think those permits are going to be free or even cheap I've got a bridge you may be interested in. 
Because this is what liberalism does. 
If allowed to stand, in ten years those permits will be too expensive for all but the wealthiest of corporate-run farms and ranches. Why? All because of the left's insatiable war on 'global warming.” They don't care how many coal-working families are put out of work, how many birds of prey are killed , nor how many family farmers are forced into bankruptcy. NOTHING is more sacred than the war against their boogeyman, climate change.

ARTICLE

Robert Gehl asks if you remember back in 2001, when the Clinton's backed a U-Haul truck to the rear-end of the White House and took off with a bunch of publicly owned furniture and other treasures? 
Yeah… that was pretty embarrassing. Probably something you wouldn't want to repeat. 
But then again, you're not Hillary Clinton. 
According to another recently unclassified FBI interview, Clinton and her staff were seen removing furniture and lamps from the State Department offices early in 2009 as soon as she took office as secretary. Hillary was Secretary of State from 2009 to 2013. 
The agent – who is now an investigator with the Department of Homeland Security – said he had no idea whether or not the items were ever returned to the taxpayers. 
Back in 2001, after The Washington Post broke the story, the Clintons said they would reimburse the taxpayers $86,000 for the items they stole that were actually government property, LifeZette reports . 
They also returned another $28,000 worth of furniture a few days later. 
In addition to stealing all that furniture back in 2001, you'll recall they even removed the 'W”s from all the keyboards in a juvenile and childish stunt to upset the incoming administration of George 'W.” Bush. 
Theft of taxpayer items from the State Department were not the only revelations in the FBI interview, The Washington Examiner is reporting . 
In its notes, the FBI writes: 'Prior to Clinton's tenure, being an agent on the Secretary of State's protective detail was seen as an honor and a privilege reserved for senior agents. However, by the end of Clinton's tenure it was staffed largely with new agents because it was difficult to find senior agents willing to work for her.”

ARTICLE

 
C.E. Dyer reports that the disaster that is Obamacare is about to get worse for many people enrolled in the health insurance marketplace. On Monday, the Obama administration confirmed that premiums will skyrocket for many people next year, according to the Associated Press . 
The AP reported: 
Before taxpayer-provided subsidies, premiums for a midlevel benchmark plan will increase an average of 25 percent across the 39 states served by the federally run online market, according to a report from the Department of Health and Human Services. Some states will see much bigger jumps, others less. 
Moreover, about 1 in 5 consumers will only have plans from a single insurer to pick from, after major national carriers such as UnitedHealth Group, Humana and Aetna scaled back their roles. 
In some states, the premium increases are striking. In Arizona, unsubsidized premiums for a hypothetical 27-year-old buying a benchmark 'second-lowest cost silver plan” will jump by 116 percent, from $196 to $422, according to the administration report. 
But HHS said if that hypothetical consumer has a fairly modest income, making $25,000 a year, the subsidies would cover $280 of the new premium, and the consumer would pay $142. Caveat: if the consumer is making $30,000 or $40,000 his or her subsidy would be significantly lower. 
Larry Levitt, who follows the health care law for the nonpartisan Kaiser Family Foundation, said of the increases: 'Consumers will be faced this year with not only big premium increases but also with a declining number of insurers participating, and that will lead to a tumultuous open enrollment period.” 
Donald Trump's campaign spokesman, Jason Miller, said in a statement on Monday: 'This shows why the entire program must be repealed and replaced.” Miller added, 'While (Hillary) Clinton wants to expand the failed program known as Obamacare, Mr. Trump knows the only way to fix our nation's failing health care system is complete and total reform.” 
Reports have warned that this was coming down the pike for some time; however, HHS's confirmation ahead of open enrollment beginning Nov. 1 — one week before the election — is likely to cause major headaches for many people. 
This debacle is not unexpected either — it's exactly what President Obama and Democrat nominee Hillary Clinton wanted to happen. 
Obamacare was never the end goal. Rather, it was a stepping stone toward single-payer, government-run healthcare. That is a big reason why Obama wants Clinton to become president — his legacy is at stake. 
Obama's legacy is largely wrapped up in Obamacare and what it leads to. Clinton tried to push this first step during her time as first lady and failed, but the conditions will be ripe for her to go even further should she be elected. 
If Clinton becomes president, there's no doubt that her next step will be to move to single-payer healthcare. Obamacare is bad, there's no doubt about it, but single-payer government healthcare would be even worse.

ARTICLE

You are here: Home / political cartoon / How WH Staff Is Preparing For A Possible Hillary Presidency [Cartoon] How WH Staff Is Preparing For A Possible Hillary Presidency [Cartoon] October 26, 2016 
Robert Gehl asks if you remember back in 2001, when the Clinton's backed a U-Haul truck to the rear-end of the White House and took off with a bunch of publicly owned furniture and other treasures? 
Yeah… that was pretty embarrassing. Probably something you wouldn't want to repeat. 
But then again, you're not Hillary Clinton. 
According to another recently unclassified FBI interview, Clinton and her staff were seen removing furniture and lamps from the State Department offices early in 2009 as soon as she took office as secretary. Hillary was Secretary of State from 2009 to 2013. 
The agent – who is now an investigator with the Department of Homeland Security – said he had no idea whether or not the items were ever returned to the taxpayers. 
Back in 2001, after The Washington Post broke the story, the Clintons said they would reimburse the taxpayers $86,000 for the items they stole that were actually government property, LifeZette reports . 
They also returned another $28,000 worth of furniture a few days later. 
In addition to stealing all that furniture back in 2001, you'll recall they even removed the 'W”s from all the keyboards in a juvenile and childish stunt to upset the incoming administration of George 'W.” Bush. 
Theft of taxpayer items from the State Department were not the only revelations in the FBI interview, The Washington Examiner is reporting . 
In its notes, the FBI writes: 'Prior to Clinton's tenure, being an agent on the Secretary of State's protective detail was seen as an honor and a privilege reserved for senior agents. However, by the end of Clinton's tenure it was staffed largely with new agents because it was difficult to find senior agents willing to work for her.”

ARTICLE

With 12 days to go until the election, all eyes are on who the next president will be. 
And there's no 'lamer” duck than a president whose just days away from being replaced. 
Perhaps that's the perfect opportunity for what's really happening while nobody's looking: 
A massive spike illegal immigrants streaming through the southern border – mainly in the border town of McAllen, Texas. They're coming on a daily basis and being trucked to a migrant center at a Catholic Church. 
They're fitted with ankle monitors and told to sit. Sit and wait while they file for asylum. 
Apparently, the illegals are being told that Hillary Clinton will win the election and that when she does, she will grant amnesty to illegals who are already here by the time she's elected. So they're flooding in for that reason. 
On the other hand, some illegals are being told that Donald Trump will win, build a massive border wall and once it's up, nobody will ever get in again. So they're flooding in for that reason as well. 
Some days, CBS Local reports , the McAllen stretch of the border sees 1,000 illegal crossers per day. 
'We're getting mass spikes of people crossing and turning themselves in,” he said. 
Experts told CBS News the number of immigrants crossing the border won't drop after Election Day. 
Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump has repeatedly said as president the U.S. will build a wall along the Mexico border to keep out immigrants trying to enter the country illegally. 
Earlier this month, Trump claimed the U.S. government is speeding up the citizenship process for immigrants on the waiting list so they can vote. 
'They're letting people pour into the country so they can go and vote,” Trump said during a meeting with the National Border Patrol Council. 
Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton has promised to propose immigration legislation in her first 100 days as president that would include a route to citizenship. Her approach is largely in line with that approved by Democrats and Republicans in the Senate in 2013 but turned aside by the House. 
Trump has said that he opposes any pathway to legal status for immigrants in the U.S. illegally. They would have to return to their home countries and apply for legal entry should they wish to come back. 
He has not said what would happen to those who choose to stay, but said they are subject to deportation. Trump has also called for an end to 'birthright citizenship,” currently granted to anyone born in the U.S. as per the 14 th Amendment.

ARTICLE

 
Donald Trump has ended all campaigning and fundraising events meant to help the Republican party and their get-out-the-vote campaign in the final two weeks. 
Aides to the GOP candidate told Fox News that 'Trump Victory,” the fundraising committee for the campaign and the party, held its last fundraiser on Oct. 19 – and that was the last one. 
The move cuts off a key financial source for Republican candidates hoping to retain control of both the House and the Senate, Fox News is reporting . 
'We've kind of wound down,” Trump's finance chairman Steven Mnuchin said. 'But the online fundraising continues to be strong.” 
By contrast, The Washington Post is reporting that the Clinton campaign has held no fewer than 41 fundraising events between now and election day . 
Mnuchin said that Trump was focusing on making a final pitch to voters at events and rallies rather than directly soliciting for money. 
'We have minimized his fundraising schedule over the last month to emphasize his focus on political [events],” Mnuchin said of the candidate. 'Unlike Hillary, who has been fundraising and not out and about, he has constantly been out and about.” 
The Post reports the RNC has collected about $40 million from 'Trump Victory” since Sept. 30. 
RNC spokeswoman Lindsay Walters said the organization '[continues] to fundraise for the entire GOP ticket.” 
Meanwhile, Politico reported Tuesday that the Senate Leadership Fund, a Super PAC with ties to Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., was putting $25 million into seven Senate races deemed crucial in determining the balance of power on Capitol Hill. 
The Trump campaign has largely written off the GOP establishment for much support, and it appears this is a little bit of 'payback.” Trump has said he doesn't need the party to win, and if the polls are any indication, he might be right. The IBD poll – often considered the most reliable presidential poll in the country, shows Donald Trump up by two percentage points nationwide.

ARTICLE

 
Derrick Wilburn writes that with each passing day, more compromising of national security, self-serving and self-enriching behaviors, frauds, scams and general malfeasance on the part of Hillary Clinton come to light via new Wikileaks data dumps. But the news media's obsession with things Donald Trump has said consistently overshadows things Hillary Clinton has actually done. 
Revelations have now surfaced that Clinton backed the Puerto Rico Debt Relief Bill , a plan to help the financially struggling U.S. commonwealth deal with a $70 billion debt it managed to rack up, after a top Clinton fundraiser –who just happens to be a lobbyist for the Puerto Rican treasury— emailed his brother to discuss the situation. 
Who is this brother? None other than John David Podesta, Chairman of the 2016 Hillary Clinton campaign. 
The brother, Tony Podesta, has been well-compensated by Puerto Rico. The Puerto Rican treasury department has paid Hillary Clinton's campaign chairman's brother's firm nearly two million dollars! 
The email in question is from March 2015. At that point Puerto Rican treasury had already paid Tony's firm, The Podesta Group, the $1.9 million since enlisting the firm's services, whatever those are, in 2013. How does a government $70 billion in debt cough up $1.9 million to pay a consultancy firm, and what consulting or services was that firm providing? Specifically. 
Tony Podesta, serving as President of The Podesta Group, emailed his brother with a subject line of 'Puerto Rico.” The body of the email asked, 'Can you call me today re PR. Need advice not action.” At the time Tony Podesta and other lobbyists in the firm were pushing for passage of congressional legislation to allow Puerto Rico to restructure its debt through a Chapter 9 bankruptcy filing. 
A few months after the email between the Podesta brothers, Clinton officially backed congressional legislation authorizing Chapter 9 proceedings. Amazing timing. 
So Hillary formally backed legislation to relieve Puerto Rico of billions of dollars in debt after her campaign manager's brother emailed him seeking 'advice” and after his client had paid him $1.9 million for 'services.” 
What could those services be? Could they be… using one's connections in Washington to help see to it the passage of a debt relief bill is assured? 
If this doesn't sound like influence peddling, read on. 
In addition to being her campaign manager's brother, Tony Podesta is a high-dollar Clinton donor and fundraiser. According to Federal Election Commission filings he has provided ' reportable bundled contributions ” of about $200,000 for the campaign. 
He has also donated between $25,000 and $50,000 to –surprise, surprise– The Clinton Foundation. Is there anyone too shady for this foundation to accept cash from? 
How many instances of cash contributions to the Clinton Foundation in exchange for favors, …allegedly… have there been now? One can barely keep track. We also just learned (also through Wikileaks) that the government of Qatar gave the Clinton Foundation a $1 million check for Bill's birthday . 
Why would a foreign government, any foreign government, let alone one in the Middle East, give a million dollars as a birthday gift? The secrecy, corruption, payoffs and general level of suspicious activity that surrounds this couple is astounding. 
Exactly what the Podestas talked about isn't known, but other hacked emails show that Clinton specifically asked her staff to craft public statements in support of Puerto Rican debt relief after the Podesta brothers apparently discussed the issue, but before Hillary publicly backed Chapter 9 proceedings. Could it be that some of that $1.9 million made it into Clinton Foundation bank accounts? 
Congress eventually passed and the president signed a Puerto debt relief package. As of this writing, neither the Clinton campaign nor the Podesta Group had responded to requests for additional information. 
This cozy, cash-laden exchange typifies exactly what Donald Trump has tapped into. Americans by-and-large believe there is so much corruption, so much cronyism, so many snakes in the grasses around Washington that everyone is on the take, everyone is into someone's pockets and the entire brood is wallowing around in the muck of get-rich politics. Wikileaks having hacked John Podesta's email account and putting this information into the public domain only confirms the suspicions. 
Of course the other suspicion is that our 'mainstream media” is equally corrupt and will not cover stories like this one. Sadly, the American public is mostly right on both counts.

ARTICLE

 
Donald Trump took about two hours after a grueling cross-country campaign schedule to announce the opening of a new, beautiful hotel in the nation's capital. 
The man has been moving non-stop for months, while Hillary puts on one lame rally, then takes a nap for what seems like days . 
So it was absolutely amazing when CNN reporter Dana Bash made the accusation that Trump was merely trying to get 'free advertising” for his new hotel and neglecting his duties on the campaign trail. 
Do they ask these questions of Hillary Clinton? Of course they don't. Here's the video: Dana Bash: Is your DC hotel opening free advertising?Donald Trump: 'No, not at all” https://t.co/6OZtrfIwim https://t.co/9HHqooom8r 
— CNN Politics (@CNNPolitics) October 26, 2016 
'So to people who say you're taking time out of swing states to go do this, you say?” Bash asked. 
'I say the following: You have been covering me for the last — long time. I did yesterday eight stops and three major speeches, and I've been doing this for weeks straight,” Trump responded. 
'For you to ask me that question is actually very insulting because Hillary Clinton does one stop and then she goes home and sleeps. And yet you'll ask me that question. I think that's a very rude question, to be honest with you.” Trump exclaimed. 
Trump added that the opening of the hotel also served to prove a point that he can get things built under budget and ahead of schedule, suggesting that the country needs to be able to follow suit. 
Did the media ask Hillary where she was when she went off the grid for six days with only one event last month? Nope. 
Did they make any comments when she took the entire first half of August off to recuperate from exhaustion/pneumonia/dehydration or whatever they're making up? Of course not. 
'Her speeches are so short – they don't last long, they're like 10 minutes and 'let's get out of here,'” Donald Trump said about her schedule. 'Go back home and go to sleep.”

ARTICLE

We all know by now that the Clinton campaign will stop at nothing to win. 
Even if it means publishing embarrassing, demeaning photos of fellow Democrats, that's just fine with them. 
Evidenced a photo that was circulated showing Bernie Sanders in a swimming suit apparently attending a Democratic retreat. This was all while the Clinton team was hyping stories about Sanders attending fundraisers for wealthy benefactors (which, let's be honest, pales in comparison to the ' wealthy benefactors” Hillary has in her back pocket). 
Breitbart reported that Tina Flournoy, Bill Clinton's Chief of staff emailed the photo of Sanders sunning himself by a pool to Brian Fallon and John Podesta, two Clinton lackeys: 
Fallon's response? 'OMG!” 
'Can we tweet?” Podesta asked. 
Fallon responded 'I think we shd give to NY post.” Flournoy added she'd send more juicy details about the event, including the people who attended. 
'Thank you,” Fallon replied. ' We are on this .” 
The entire conversation was part of the ongoing WikiLeaks document hacks of John Podesta's account. The New York Post apparently never ran with the story, but that didn't stop the Clinton camp from sending it to other people. It was published by celebrity gossip dirtbag Perez Hilton the day after the Clinton team discussed releasing it. 
'I wonder what Mike Bloomberg would think about this???” wrote Hilton on his blog. 'Bernie Sanders lounges at elite Martha's Vineyard pool, summer 2015 after helping raise money from Wall Street lobbyists.” 
Just the next week, there were several stories in the media questioning Sanders for even attending the fundraiser for Harry Reid. 
'For Sanders, campaign finance purity not always possible” wrote MSNBC's Alex Seitz-Wald, citing 'a guest list obtained by MSNBC” that included 'previously unreported are details about who exactly attended those fundraisers.” 
'Bernie Sanders: Prolific Democratic Party fundraiser,” wrote CNN's Eric Bradner on Monday, February 8, announcing that 'CNN has obtained invitations that listed Sanders as a host for at least one Majority Trust event in each year since 2011.” 
Then both Bill and Hillary picked up on those same media stories, accusing Sanders of taking Wall Street money – the height of hypocrisy. 
'Senator Sanders took about $200,000 from Wall Street firms,” Hillary Clinton said during a rally in New Hampshire on February 8. 'Not directly but through the Democratic Senate Campaign Committee. There is nothing wrong with that. It didn't change his view. Well, it didn't change my view or my vote, either.” 
Bill Clinton attacked Sanders, referring directly to the CNN story and pointing out that he likely accepted money from Wall Street. 
And that's how Hillary Clinton wins. By Any Means Necessary.

ARTICLE

Hillary Clinton is just fine . 
She's not sick. That weird neurological problem she had? All cured. 
Pneumonia? Done. 
Blurry vision? Concussion? Not a problem. 
Right? 
Well, maybe not. 
Because if Hillary Clinton is in tip-top health, then why does she need help making her way up one little step. 
In this video from The American Mirror , we can see Clinton heading up to a podium to make an appearance in Lake Worth, Texas. 
As she attempted to take a step up to a small riser, an aide quickly offered her support – which she clearly needed. 
Take a look: Hillary heads over to the overflow area to say hello to the crowd in Lake Worth, Florida. But ya know, no enthusiasm there. 🙄 pic.twitter.com/3cUDK245XK 
You can also clearly see another assistant standing behind her, just in case she doesn't make it up all the way. 
Twitter had a field day: @HillBroYo The Mystery Medic is back pic.twitter.com/qkURGDbzeW 
— Captain Chaos (@tonyr951) October 26, 2016 @HillBroYo how come she needs a hand to step on a small platform?What's wrong with her?

ARTICLE

Poll after poll shows Hillary Clinton leading. 
Clinton up by four points. 
Hillary up by six points. 
Clinton leads by 6 points , is the latest headline from The Washington Post . 
But these polls – most of them – have huge problems: They're oversampling Democrats. 
This happened a couple of days ago in Arizona , a state that has more Republicans than Democrats, but whose poll had many, many more Democrats polled. 
The story for the poll starts out pretending that everything is perfectly legitimate: 
With 12 days to go, Hillary Clinton holds a six-point edge over Donald Trump among an electorate fixated on the campaign and nervous about their candidate losing, according to a new Washington Post-ABC News Tracking Poll. 
Then it shows a graphic showing just how far ahead Hillary is. See? Hillary's line is in orange and Trump's is in gray. She must be winning. 
But there's a problem with the poll – like with so many other polls that have come out recently … they're conveniently asking many more Democrats than Republicans. 
Here's a link to their methodology (they have to publish this if they're going to pretend they're legitimate). 
If you look at page 7, you'll see exactly who they're polling. 
Of the 1,135 people they polled, 36 percent identify as Democrats and just 29 percent as Republicans. 
This is bad enough, but they also have 29 percent self-declared 'independents” answering the poll. How do independents vote? Gee? Who knows? The pollsters do… 
Now, they have to justify the fact that there are so many more Democrats than Republicans at the polls (and of course, there are simply not 29 percent of 'independents” going to the polls. They're going to choose a Republican or a Democrat, except for the tiny percent who will choose a third-party candidate. 
So here's the paragraph justifying their methodology: 
This survey uses statistical weighting procedures to account for deviations in the survey sample from known population characteristics, which helps correct for differential survey participation and random variation in samples. The overall adult sample is weighted to correct for differential probabilities of selection among individuals who are landline-only, cell phone-only or dual users. Results are also weighted match the demographic makeup of the population by sex, region, age, education and race/ethnicity according to the latest Current Population Survey March Social and Economic Supplement by age, race/ethnicity, sex and education. Party ID was weighted to the average of the most recent Post-ABC surveys. 
Did you understand that? That's okay, because they do. And they want you to trust them. 
The only poll that counts is the one that you are going to participate in on Nov. 8, and they don't get to 'over sample” or 'account for deviations.” They count the votes. 
So make sure your vote is counted.

ARTICLE

You are here: Home / US / Difference Between Growing Up In The 1960s Compared To 2016 Difference Between Growing Up In The 1960s Compared To 2016 October 27, 2016  
Seth Connell reports that in August of this year, campus carry went into effect on Texas' public college campuses, enabling students and staff with valid concealed handgun licenses to legally carry their firearms. Predictably, leftists freaked out at the idea of people legally carrying firearms in their 'safe spaces.” 
As we reported back in August, the most famous form of protest on Texas college campuses was 'Cocks Not Glocks,” a movement where students who opposed campus carry took adult sex toys with them all across the campus. 
Related: Campus Carry Starts Today In Texas; Here's How Liberal Students Are Protesting… 
Despite these protestations, campus carry is in effect in Texas, and there is not mass murder happening in dorms, classrooms, or professors' offices. Who'd have thunk, right? 
Well, it turns out that 'Cocks no Glocks” is not going away any time soon. In fact, they have been invited to The White House as a kind of reward for their childish, bratty temper tantrums. 
Guns.com reported: 
Organizers of an anti-gun protest at the University of Texas in Austin against a new campus carry law noted for garnering some 4,000 adult toys which they gave away, earning immortality on the Daily Show, have made their way to Pennsylvania Avenue. 
Invited by DoSomething.org to join a gun control advocates to talk to senior officials about grassroots activism, the CNG gang posted images of their visit to the White House to social media– and contend some important firsts were made. 
'They think it's the first time 'dildo' has been said in the Roosevelt Room in the West Wing,” the group noted on social media. ''Cocks' also reverberated around the room dozens of times and Rosie, who was sitting right next to the Oval Office where Obama was sitting 10ft away, could hear his voice through the door. Does that mean he could hear ours?” 
The Facebook page for 'Cocks Not Glocks” proudly claims that they are 'Fighting Absurdity with Absurdity.” Yes, because using sex toys is a perfectly respectable and mature way to establish your credibility, and to show that you are making well-thought out and logical arguments. 
Ladies and gentlemen, this is what the gun control crowd has come to. There is effectively no logic in this kind of protest. It is all fear-mongering and appeal to one of the basest of human passions: sex. 
These people are not making any logical or coherent argument. They are lashing out using highly emotionally charged rhetoric and spreading fear. That kind of argumentation is done by demagogues. 
This is evidence of the en masse mental enslavement that is happening in public colleges. These students have been trained to think that an inanimate object is evil and has a will of its own, and that the best way to fight that inanimate object is to whine to the point of absolute lunacy. 
These people need a dose of reality ASAP.

ARTICLE

 
In her Washington Post article explaining why she and her lady friends decided to drive around the neighborhood and steal Donald Trump signs from private property, there's one line that explains perfectly the leftist mentality. 
The liberal idea that your feelings are more important than the law – your personal opinions, or grudges, or perceived injustices grant you permission to commit criminal acts with little regard to the consequences. 
Betta Stothart wrote her article in The Post on Tuesday (she provided a link to her Twitter feed, which was brand new at the time she wrote it, but has already been taken down) confessing to driving around her Falmouth, Maine, neighborhood with two other compatriots stealing dozens of Donald Trump signs from people's yards. 
She was caught and arrested and now has to go to court. She tells us she's sorry, but she's not. Because her feelings about this campaign are more important. Read how she describes her situation: 
I committed a crime this month, along with two of my friends. I'm not the lawbreaking type. In fact, as a 52-year-old mom, my life is pretty predictable and boring. But this election, a particular candidate's boasts about women pushed me over the edge. 
In the suburban, upper-middle-class part of Maine where I live, Republicans and Democrats live together mostly in harmony. In every election cycle, there's some tension. But the 2016 presidential campaign has been different. Tensions in my town are running at a fevered pitch. 
Which is how three middle-aged moms came to be running down the road, tearing up the Donald Trump signs along our version of Main Street. We'd been talking about the infamous Billy Bush tape and the women who have since come forward to share their own stories of abuse. We were angry. Getting Trump's name off our median strip seemed like the best way to express our rage. 
These three women must have been proud of themselves, probably laughing heartily as they committed theft, trespassing and violated the First Amendment of their neighbors. Why? Because she thinks she was assaulted by the signs. 
In retrospect, I realize I shouldn't be proud of my transgression. Hanging out with a bunch of moms, we started grousing about the proliferation of signs. Can you believe someone would put that many Trump signs so close together on our roads? It's so rude. Who is this jerk? We felt assaulted by the number of signs . The idea of 'cleansing” our streets seemed like the fastest way to restore balance and alleviate our election stress — at least, that night it did. 
' Assaulted” ? This is exactly why the Left is so dangerous. They are 'assaulted” by ideas – by mere thoughts or opinions that are not their own. They will do anything- and Ms. Stothart did – to silence any dissent. 
And she writes that ' in retrospect, I realize I shouldn't be proud of my transgression. ” 
She doesn't say she isn't proud, she merely tells us that in retrospect she shouldn't be proud. 
Which tells us that she is . She is proud of what she did. 
When asked what she would say to the victims of her trespassing and theft, she offers no apology, merely a justification that Trump is bad, and that because she herself was a victim of an unwanted sexual advance, it justifies her behavior. 
She claims she'll go to court in December with some sense of humility and shame – she'll 'explain” and 'apologize.” 
But she's not sorry. Not really. 
To her – and the millions of Leftists like her – the ends justify the means. Silence dissent, crush the opposition, tear down and destroy any thing that strays from your worldview. 
This is the world that Ms. Stothart lives in. She still lives in it today. She takes pride in suppressing the political view of her fellow Americans. 
She writes that the 'agitation and fear is rising on both sides.” 
No, Ms. Stothart. I have yet to see a single story about a Trump supporter violating the Constitutional rights of a Hillary Clinton supporter by stealing yard signs. 
This is liberal America. This is Ms. Stothart's America. 
This is not the America I want to live in.

ARTICLE

You are here: Home / US / How This Syrian Refugee Supports 4 Wives, 22 Children is NUTS How This Syrian Refugee Supports 4 Wives, 22 Children is NUTS October 27, 2016 
Here's a preview of Hillary's America should she be elected president: in Germany, a Syrian refugee has four wives and 22 children that German citizens reportedly support via more £320,000 per year worth of benefits. 
The U.K. Express reported : 
The migrant, known only as Ghazia A, fled Syria last year along with his family. 
He has since resettled in Germany with his four wives and 22 of his children. One of his daughters has since moved to Saudi Arabia where she has married. 
The family could be receiving more than £320,000 a year in benefits according to a financial manager on the Employers' Association website. 
There is no official confirmation on this figure. 
Under Islamic tradition, the 49-year-old can have up to four wives – as long as he can support them financially. 
Don't forget everyone, all cultures are equal so you have to respect a culture that says it's okay to have four wives and 22 children that the rest of society supports. 
Since Germany doesn't legally recognize polygamy — being a civilized country and all (not for long) — they couldn't all live together and get benefits. But don't worry, Ghazia found a way to be compliant with the law and get German taxpayers on the hook for his lifestyle. Isn't multiculturalism just swell? 
How it works is that Ghazia chose a 'main wife,” and now the other three and their children get government benefits to support them. 
Ghazia, his main wife, and their five children live in Montabaur, which is located in the state of Rhineland-Palatinate. His other wives and children are spread around up to 31 miles away. 
Back in Syria, Ghazia worked in a garage and car hire service, but ever since he settled in Germany and received government benefits for his family, he just can't seem to find the time to work anymore. 
He claimed that he wants to work, but because of his religion he has to make sure he spends enough time with each family. Ghazia told German newspaper Bild: 'In our religion it is my duty to visit every family and to be with them.” 
Sergei Jaufmann, a neighbor of Ghazia, said according to the Express: 'The children play football in the street. The mother I often see, when [she] comes from shopping.” 
According to the Express, a social media user noted that 'the Syrian with 4 women and 23 children is now being sold to us as a new normality.” 
Yes it is. This is a prime example of how globalists are actively working to tear down the western world. Refugees and immigrants aren't expected to assimilate to the culture; the culture is expected to adapt to them. And not only that, you get to pay for it. 
Sorry, all cultures aren't equal and people from around the world that are clamoring to get into the west — aside from the terrorists that we're supposed to pretend aren't abusing immigrant/refugee streams — know that full well, which is why they want to come here and take advantage of what western culture built.

ARTICLE

 
Robert Gehl reports that Newt Gingrich has accused Fox News' Megyn Kelly of being 'fascinated” by sex, and not caring at all about public policy in a shocking and startling interview. 
The former Speaker of the House said Kelly showed 'bias” for mentioning the groping allegations against Donald Trump. 
Kelly responded by saying her fascination is not of 'sex,” but of who was going to end up in the White House. Kelly has a history with Trump – getting into a shouting match with the Republican candidate over comments he made about women during a primary debate. 
What set Gingrich off was Kelly's mention of the leaked 'sex boasts” tapes, where Trump is heard to say he grabs women by the genitals. 
Gingrich attacked, saying the media was obsessed with spending time on the unsubstantiated allegations of sexual misconduct, which Trump has denied. 'You are fascinated with sex and you don't care about public policy,” he said. 
'I'm not fascinated by sex, but I'm fascinated about sexual predators,” Kelly said. 
The bias the media has against Trump – especially focusing on sex – is historic. 
'This is a scale of bias worthy of Pravda and Izvestia, ” Gingrich said. 
Take a look at the awesome video:

ARTICLE

You are here: Home / US / Teacher Shows Up For Field Trip Drunk; Gets 75 Grand Settlement Teacher Shows Up For Field Trip Drunk; Gets 75 Grand Settlement October 27, 2016  
There are many things wrong with the educational system in America, and this story is evidence of a big one. A teacher in Wisconsin sued the city of Janesville after she showed up to a field trip drunk. She claimed that she was emotionally distressed after the police released her blood alcohol level test results. 
Fox News reported : 
A former elementary school teacher who passed out after showing up drunk to a bowling alley field trip is getting a $75,000 settlement from the Wisconsin city she sued. 
The ex-teacher, Maria Caya, filed a $5.5 million lawsuit against the city of Janesville last year claiming police improperly released her blood alcohol tests, Fox 6 reported . The city council approved the settlement Monday night. 
Investigators said her blood alcohol percentage was 0.27 percent on the day of the field trip in June 2013. The legal limit for driving in Wisconsin is 0.08 percent. 
Another staff member took Caya to the hospital after finding her passed out in the bowling alley bathroom, WKOW reported . As many as eight other adults were chaperoning the group of 4th graders. 
Aside from the teacher's $75,000 settlement, she also received $18,000 to resign because district officials noted that it would have cost more in legal fees to actually fire her. 
For that you can thank the teachers' unions, who have a stranglehold on the American educational system. Forget protecting the kids, let's make it difficult for the school district to fire a teacher who allegedly passed out drunk on a field trip. 
Fox News reported that despite the settlement, it's not clear whether or not she actually broke any laws. 
Jens Jorgensen, one of seven Janesville City Council members who opposed the settlement, told Fox 6: 'I think that there's a lot of things that happened that day and I would think that a judge and jury of her peers would be able to see through all of that and make the correct decision on that.” 
Christine Nimmo, a parent, said of the situation: 'She put our children in jeopardy.” 
If Maya did what she is alleged to have done, then she absolutely put the children in jeopardy, and this story is a prime example of why our schools are failing. Thanks to the teachers' unions, bad teachers stick around because schools are afraid of expensive legal action. 
On the flip side, good teachers are chased out and can't do their job effectively because of fear of legal action in our overly-litigious, politically-correct society. 
Something has to change.

ARTICLE

You are here: Home / US / Hillary Isn't Only One Who Suffers Memory Loss, Look What Bill Just Did…. Hillary Isn't Only One Who Suffers Memory Loss, Look What Bill Just Did…. October 27, 2016  
Bill Clinton will probably have to avoid Hillary even more than usual after his latest showing on the campaign trail, in which it became clear that it isn't just his wife that has memory issues. 
Slick Willy was out on the campaign trail on Tuesday, angling to get his lecherous, alleged-rapist butt back in the White House, and apparently he forgot his own criminal business partner wife's campaign slogan. 
'But we were growing together,” Bill said. 'This slampaign slogan of Hillary's, 'growing together,' it's more than just two words that sound good.” 
That's not a typo either; according to IJR , Bill called Hillary's 'campaign slogan” a 'slampaign slogan,” before mangling Hillary's already-stupid actual campaign slogan: 'Stronger Together.” 
Bill probably shouldn't use 'I'm With Her” either, since he might lapse into, 'and her, and her over there, and her right there too.” 
'Stronger Together” is also the name of Hillary's flop of a book, which I highly doubt Bill bothered to read, although you can't really blame him for that; he has a hard enough time staying awake when his wife speaks — he must be immune to shrill cackling by now. 
I'm guessing Bill is going to want to stay as far away as he can from Hillary while she likely has one of her infamous 'cooling off” periods. Hillary has been widely reported to have a nasty temper , so it'd certainly be wise for Bill to stay far away. 
Hillary can't be mad for too long though, because it's likely that she's going to need Bill to run the White House. Although neither of them appear to be in the greatest health, they can do a great deal of damage between the two of them. 
Bill and Hillary have had a painfully obvious agreement throughout their 'married life” to help each other politically. Now it's Hillary's turn and she's surely not going to take too kindly to Bill screwing up her ascendancy. 
No need to worry Hillary, you're responsible for the deaths of four Americans in Benghazi, Libya, ruining the life of a 12-year-old rape victim, and numerous other crimes and disgusting deeds, so a few memory lapses from Bill won't affect the election. 
Hillary managed to forget answers nearly 40 times during the FBI investigation into her use of private servers to send and receive classified information as secretary of state, so forgetting a dumb campaign slogan should be no big whoop. 
What would be nice is if Bill's memory lapses led to a moment of clarity and human decency and he let everyone know where the bodies have been buried during the Clinton mafia's assault on American politics. Won't happen though; we can't have nice things…

ARTICLE

You are here: Home / political cartoon / The FBI and DOJ Summed Up By One BRUTAL Cartoon The FBI and DOJ Summed Up By One BRUTAL Cartoon October 27, 2016  
C.E. Dyer reports that FBI Director James Comey proclaimed in a congressional hearing last week that he didn't want to be called a weasel and has vociferously defended the 'integrity” of the FBI's investigation into former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton for mishandling classified information and subsequently destroying evidence. 
It appears that many in the FBI aren't too happy with their leader, with some even coming forward to vent their anger after Comey, who apparently doesn't know that the buck stops with him, threw his career agents under the bus during the hearing when he said, 'so if I blew it, they blew it, too.” 
Unless those career FBI agents made deals with the Clinton mafia too (allegedly, I guess…), they didn't 'blow it” like Comey did. 
Retired agent Dennis V. Hughes, who was the first chief of the FBI's computer investigations unit, told the New York Post : 'In my 25 years with the bureau, I never had any ground rules in my interviews.” 
Hughes' comment echoed the reports that have trickled out that FBI agents were extremely frustrated by the way the investigation was conducted, or better yet, not conducted and the way agents had their hand tied behind their backs as they attempted to investigate. 
'The FBI has politicized itself, and its reputation will suffer for a long time,” Hughes said. 'I hold Director Comey responsible.” 
Retired FBI agent Michael M. Biasello told the Post: 'Comey has single handedly ruined the reputation of the organization.” 
Biasello pointed out that, had he and other agents done what Clinton did with classified information, the outcome would have been very different: 
Each month for 27 years, I received oral and computer admonishments concerning the proper protocol for handling top secret and other classified material, and was informed of the harsh penalties, to include prosecution and incarceration. 
Had myself or my colleagues engaged in behavior of the magnitude of Hillary Clinton, as described by Comey, we would be serving time in Leavenworth. 
Comey, who has shouted from the rooftops that the investigation was on the up and up, made the 25 agents who investigated the case sign non-disclosure agreements. 
From top to bottom, this investigations was conducted in a way that was meant to be extremely Clinton-friendly. There was never any intention of prosecuting Clinton for her crimes and the way the investigation was handled reeks of a cover-up. 
The 'investigation” was plagued by five immunity deals that weren't revoked when the grantees were less than truthful and open, the FBI conspiring to destroy evidence, Clinton getting a cozy witness interview on a holiday, onerous ground rules for interviews, limiting the scope of the investigation to certain dates so as not to reveal critical evidence, and more. 
While Martha Stewart was sentenced to prison thanks to then-federal prosecutor James Comey, Clinton has faced no consequences for her crimes. 
Gee, what changed Comey? He was awfully aggressive in Stewart's case, but with Clinton he rolled over. Some may say he didn't want to be another Clinton casualty, but that's not the impression I get from Comey, who doth protest too much. 
It seems like a massive cover-up for political reasons that may have required Clinton to dip into the family slush fund, or make another such deal, for the whiny weasel. 
As more and more FBI agents speak out in addition to further information about the cover-up trickling out, it will be interesting to see how Comey explains it away or if he steps down — which he should absolutely do.

ARTICLE

You are here: Home / political cartoon / Most Devastating Man-Made Disasters in Human History [CARTOON] Most Devastating Man-Made Disasters in Human History [CARTOON] October 27, 2016  
Regan Pifer writes that the problems with utopian leftist policies–err, visions–is that they are just that: utopian policies. 
Once they dismount their unicorn and stop eating their calorie-free cupcakes and talking to their centaur friends, they will realize their grand, utopian visions simply do not work. 
The most recent abysmal failure of the utopian Left, Obamacare, received another significant blow this past week. 
According to International Business Times : 
At least 1.4 million people from 32 states could lose their health insurance under the Affordable Care Act, commonly known as Obamacare, as their plans are set to disappear from the program next year. They will have to find new coverage in a market that will likely have fewer options and higher prices, Bloomberg reported Friday. 
The coverage losses come after Aetna and UnitedHealth Group, as well as some regional insurers, announced they plan to leave Obamacare's markets in 2017 and instead offer individual coverage outside of the program's exchanges.That means there will be fewer, but more expensive, plans, and the same doctors and hospitals people used before may not be included under the Affordable Care Act, regulators and insurance customers told Bloomberg. 
Utopian vision: healthcare for all. 
Reality: Americans are fined if they don't have health insurance. If they do have health insurance through Obamacare, they could lose it. And, it wasn't that good to begin with. 
See, that's the problem. Liberals always think the plans will work. 
There will be no bumps, no issues. Where did my unicorn go? 
But as Aetna CEO Mark Bertolini explains, 'providing affordable, high-quality health care options to consumers is not possible without a balanced risk pool” and many insurers agree–they're 'having trouble competing in Obamacare marketplaces and making money.” 
It is predicted that for the first time in three years, Obamacare enrollment will shrink in 2017. The potential 1.4 million that will lose their health care next year will have fewer and costlier options. 
Michael F. Cannon, a health policy expert at the Cato Institute, summed it up nicely: 'the ongoing and nationwide exodus of insurers is just the latest piece of evidence that Obamacare is a failed law built on false promises.” 
I couldn't have said it better myself.

ARTICLE

 
There isn't a question that the Clintons are the most corrupt politicians in United States history. There also isn't a question that Bill Clinton is a womanizing, philandering piece of filth. Apparently, one of the women Bill had an affair with while Governor of Arkansas, Gennifer Flowers, has released a series of taped conversations with Bubba from that time. 
According to Breitbart : 
On October 1991, Clinton announced his bid for the Oval Office, with rumors of extramarital affairs threatening to derail his campaign. 
Flowers recently provided this reporter with complete original cassette recordings of her taped conversations with Clinton, recordings that take on renewed significance as the issue of Clinton's alleged treatment of women has reemerged during the 2016 presidential campaign. 
The sections of the audio recordings related to the state job are not exclusive to Breitbart News. Those excerpts were played for the news media in 1992, one day after Bill and Hillary Clinton appeared side by side on 60 Minutes , where Bill denied a relationship with Flowers. 
Clinton later admitted to one sexual encounter with Flowers in a 1998 deposition for the Paula Jones lawsuit. 
You can hear the recordings here: 
[soundcloud url=”https://api.soundcloud.com/tracks/289947630″ params=”auto_play=false&hide_related=false&show_comments=true&show_user=true&show_reposts=false&visual=true” width=”100%” height=”450″ iframe=”true” /] 
It's not just that Clinton had an affair, he was also trying to help his lover get a job with the state. Pay to play on her part or his? Maybe a little of both. Why not take advantage of screwing the married governor of a state and getting something other than an STD from it? Flowers just had to make sure she didn't tell anyone the governor, her married lover, was helping her to get the job. 
This is just one other aspect of the corruption and despicableness that is the Clintons. They care little for actually governing, care absolutely nothing about the people they actually represent or govern, and care nothing about the consequences, because other than fines for their criminal activity or behavior, they have PAID NO consequences for their lifetime of corruption. 
Unfortunately, it won't matter what comes out about Bill and Hillary Clinton. The main stream media won't report it and even if it's a criminal act, Obama's Department of Justice won't prosecute them. 
That's the reality of the Clintons. They aren't representatives of the people, they are representatives for themselves and the moral bankruptcy that has invaded our country.

ARTICLE

 
It was over a year ago that the Clinton Campaign knew that Hillary Clinton had regularly used a private email server for official use, and they knew how incredibly stupid it was. 
In an email released by WikiLeaks , the now infamous Clinton staffer John Podesta sent a message to Clinton surrogate Neera Tanden. Podesta told her she'd be shown a new poll showing how Clinton is doing against Hillary and Jeb Bush. 
Tanden said she wasn't familiar with what the poll results would be, but she thought the email would be rough, IJR is reporting . 
'PS can you imagine what the Republicans would do to [Bernie] if he were the nominee?” 
To which Tanden replied: 
'Well, let's see what the poll actually says. 
Let's hope the Democratic party is not suicidal.” 
Then Podesta dropped the hammer: 
'Do we actually know who told Hillary she could use a private email? And has that person been drawn and quartered? 
Like whole thing is fucking insane.” "Do we actually know who told Hillary she could use a private email? And has that person been drawn and quartered?" https://t.co/jXc1mHi5vn 
— Jake Tapper (@jaketapper) October 27, 2016 
There have been 33,000 emails released from Podesta's server. They haven't confirmed their accuracy, but they certainly haven't denied them. It's been 3 weeks since @WikiLeaks began publishing Podesta emails. Not one doc has been claimed – let alone demonstrated – to be doctored. 
— Glenn Greenwald (@ggreenwald) October 27, 2016 
There's more coming. We will have to see what comes of them, but there's one takeaway from this: Clinton's people have known for a long time that she was using a personal server.

ARTICLE

You are here: Home / US / What Just Happened at a Tim Kaine Rally is BAD NEWS For Hillary What Just Happened at a Tim Kaine Rally is BAD NEWS For Hillary October 27, 2016  
Forget Hillary Clinton … she can't even get more than a handful of people to attend her rallies. 
So why on earth would you hold an event with Tim Kaine? Can they possibly expect more than three, maybe four people to show up? 
But that's what they did at Lorain's Admiral King High School in Ohio. They held the rally in the school's gym, hoping to fill it up with students. Waiting for Vice Presidential candidate, Tim Kaine to speak at #Lorain Admiral King school. pic.twitter.com/A74ve1eKkF 
— Mary Springowski (@maryspring) October 27, 2016 
Students and other attendees (supporters, supposedly) wondered what the point of Kaine's appearance was in the first place. 
https://twitter.com/MorixRogue/status/791666557881552897/photo/1 
Maybe it was (yawn!) Sen. Al Franken that got everyone all excited. Gearing up for Democratic Party nominee for Vice President Tim Kaine & Sen. Al Franken in #Lorain @LorainSchools @MorningJournal pic.twitter.com/47IucfCrsG 
— Carol Harper (@mj_charper) October 27, 2016 
So they get everyone together … they're ready for the rally … and take a look at how absolutely massive the crowd is: 
— ✨Mori✨ (@MorixRogue) October 27, 2016 
I think – at most – there are 150 people there. 
Remember folks, Mike Pence, Donald Trump's VP Pic spoke to an overflow crowd of more than 2,300 people in Utah on Wednesday.

ARTICLE

You are here: Home / US / Look What Students FORCED To Do After Muslims FLOOD Germany Look What Students FORCED To Do After Muslims FLOOD Germany October 27, 2016  
Is this coming to the United States? 
Children in school in Germany are being taught to chant Islamic prayers, including the phrase 'Allah Akbar,” which is used before Radical Islamists commit terrorist attacks. 
The father of a girl at a school in Garmisch-Partekirchen, Germany, discovered his daughter was forced to learn the Islamic prayer when he found a handout she was given, The Express is reporting . He said his daughter was 'forced” by teachers to memorize the Islamic chants and forwarded the handout to a news organization in Australia. 
The handout read: 'Oh Allah, how perfect you are and praise be to you. Blessed is your name, and exalted is your majesty. There is no God but you.” 
It had been given to the girl during a lesson in 'ethics” at the Bavarian school. 
Headteacher Gisela Herl did not confirm the incident when questioned, but said the school would issue a written statement detailing its position in the coming week. 
The incident comes just weeks after parents complained to German newspaper Hessian Niedersächsische Allgemeine (HNA) that their children's nursery was refusing to acknowledge 'Christmas rituals” to accommodate the 'diverse cultures” of other pupils. 
The Sara Nussbaum House daycare centre in Kassel refused to put up a Christmas tree, tell Christmas stories or celebrate Christmas in general because it said only a minority of pupils were Christian. 
A spokesman for Kassel explained: 'There will be no Christmas celebrations, in the strictest sense. Because the majority of children at this kindergarten are not Christian the festival will not be celebrated in the way that it is at other schools.” 
Migrants now outnumber native children at many schools in Germany as the country has been inundated with migrants in recent years. 
More than one million migrants are estimated to have arrived in Germany during the last year alone. 
The Federal Office for Migration and Refugees estimates that another 200,000 people will apply for asylum in 2017.

ARTICLE

Donald Trump is loud, rude, bombastic and just awful , right? 
That's what the media is telling you. 
They'll play the awful Billy Bush audiotape over and over again, repeat comments he made decades ago about women, and recycle his 'What an awful woman!” comment during the debate. 
But that's the side of Donald Trump the media wants you to see. 
Perhaps the real Donald Trump is soft-spoken, humble, thoughtful and intelligent. 
In a short video announcing the opening of his new hotel in Washington (a revitalization of the old Post Office in the district), Trump speaks about what it took to get the building remodeled. 
He used the work on the post office as a metaphor for rebuilding America. 
'This building is an historical landmark, a true American original,” he said. 'It had all the ingredients of greatness, but it has been neglected and left to deteriorate for many, many decades. It sat there so beautiful and so empty and was falling into a very, very bad state of condition. 
It had the foundation for success. All of the elements were here. Our job was to restore it to its former glory, honor its heritage, but also to imagine a brand new and exciting vision.” 
Everyone should watch this video: 
No yelling, no screaming. Just Donald Trump explaining how to make America great again.

ARTICLE

 
Officials with the State Department told Hillary's campaign staffers that they planned to leak a story about the missing Benghazi emails to a 'friendly” AP reporter before giving it to Congress. 
'Just spoke to State a little more about this,” Clinton's travelling press secretary Nick Merrill wrote to campaign staffers on June 24, 2015, regarding emails sent between the former Secretary of State and her longtime confidant Sidney Blumenthal, The Daily Caller is reporting . 
State Department told officials they would tip off AP reporter that at least 15 emails between Clinton and Blumenthal were missing from the more than 55,000 pages of emails given to a House committee investigating the 9/11/2012 attack on the Benghazi compound in Libya. 
'They do not plan to release anything publicly, so no posting online or anything public-facing, just to the committee,” Merrill said. 'That said, they are considering placing a story with a friendly at the AP (Matt Lee or Bradley Klapper), that would lay this out before the majority on the committee has a chance to realize what they have and distort it.” 
'On that last piece, we think it would make sense to work with State and the AP to deploy the below,” Merrill wrote, referring to press statements the campaign had crafted after they got tipped off State would hand over Blumenthal emails to Congress. 
Staffers with the Clinton campaign put together a series of statements on the missing emails after being told it would have to disclose it to House investigators. 
'So assuming everyone is in agreement we'll proceed,” Merrill wrote. 'It would be good to frame this a little, and frankly to have it break tomorrow when we'll likely be close to or in the midst of a SCOTUS decision taking over the news hyenas.” 
AP reporters Lee and Klapper did run with a story on July 25, 2015 — the day after Merrill's email. Their story cited 'officials who spoke on condition of anonymity because they weren't authorized to speak publicly on the matter.” 
Lee and Klapper's article also included the statement crafted by Clinton campaign staffers in the email chain — that chain was one of thousands released by WikiLeaks from Clinton campaign chair John Podesta's hacked Gmail account. 
Podesta's emails suggest the Clinton campaign had a cozy relationship with many members of the media, including the AP. 
In one email chain, Center for American Progress President Neera Tanden told Podesta to get the New York Times to cover Clinton favorably. 
Tanden said former New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg met with Arthur Sulzberger, NYT's publisher, to alter coverage of him. 
Tanden told Podesta that 'when bloomberg was having problems w the times he called Arthur Schulzburger and asked for coffee.” 
'He made the case that they were treating him like a billionaire dilettante instead of Third term mayor,” Tanden wrote. 'It changed the coverage moderately but also aired the issues in the newsroom so people were more conscious of it.”

ARTICLE

You are here: Home / US / Progressive Hypocrisy On Tolerance BRUTALLY Exposed Progressive Hypocrisy On Tolerance BRUTALLY Exposed October 27, 2016  
Robert Gehl reports that, in her Washington Post article explaining why she and her lady friends decided to drive around the neighborhood and steal Donald Trump signs from private property, there's one line that explains perfectly the leftist mentality. 
The liberal idea that your feelings are more important than the law – your personal opinions, or grudges, or perceived injustices grant you permission to commit criminal acts with little regard to the consequences. 
Betta Stothart wrote her article in The Post on Tuesday (she provided a link to her Twitter feed, which was brand new at the time she wrote it, but has already been taken down) confessing to driving around her Falmouth, Maine, neighborhood with two other compatriots stealing dozens of Donald Trump signs from people's yards. 
She was caught and arrested and now has to go to court. She tells us she's sorry, but she's not. Because her feelings about this campaign are more important. Read how she describes her situation: 
I committed a crime this month, along with two of my friends. I'm not the lawbreaking type. In fact, as a 52-year-old mom, my life is pretty predictable and boring. But this election, a particular candidate's boasts about women pushed me over the edge. 
In the suburban, upper-middle-class part of Maine where I live, Republicans and Democrats live together mostly in harmony. In every election cycle, there's some tension. But the 2016 presidential campaign has been different. Tensions in my town are running at a fevered pitch. 
Which is how three middle-aged moms came to be running down the road, tearing up the Donald Trump signs along our version of Main Street. We'd been talking about the infamous Billy Bush tape and the women who have since come forward to share their own stories of abuse. We were angry. Getting Trump's name off our median strip seemed like the best way to express our rage. 
These three women must have been proud of themselves, probably laughing heartily as they committed theft, trespassing and violated the First Amendment of their neighbors. Why? Because she thinks she was assaulted by the signs. 
In retrospect, I realize I shouldn't be proud of my transgression. Hanging out with a bunch of moms, we started grousing about the proliferation of signs. Can you believe someone would put that many Trump signs so close together on our roads? It's so rude. Who is this jerk? We felt assaulted by the number of signs . The idea of 'cleansing” our streets seemed like the fastest way to restore balance and alleviate our election stress — at least, that night it did. 
' Assaulted” ? This is exactly why the Left is so dangerous. They are 'assaulted” by ideas – by mere thoughts or opinions that are not their own. They will do anything- and Ms. Stothart did – to silence any dissent. 
And she writes that ' in retrospect, I realize I shouldn't be proud of my transgression. ” 
She doesn't say she isn't proud, she merely tells us that in retrospect she shouldn't be proud. 
Which tells us that she is . She is proud of what she did. 
When asked what she would say to the victims of her trespassing and theft, she offers no apology, merely a justification that Trump is bad, and that because she herself was a victim of an unwanted sexual advance, it justifies her behavior. 
She claims she'll go to court in December with some sense of humility and shame – she'll 'explain” and 'apologize.” 
But she's not sorry. Not really. 
To her – and the millions of Leftists like her – the ends justify the means. Silence dissent, crush the opposition, tear down and destroy any thing that strays from your worldview. 
This is the world that Ms. Stothart lives in. She still lives in it today. She takes pride in suppressing the political view of her fellow Americans. 
She writes that the 'agitation and fear is rising on both sides.” 
No, Ms. Stothart. I have yet to see a single story about a Trump supporter violating the Constitutional rights of a Hillary Clinton supporter by stealing yard signs. 
This is liberal America. This is Ms. Stothart's America. 
This is not the America I want to live in.

ARTICLE

 
Gentleman, do you like it? Are you considering putting a ring on it? Well, I think I've found a jeweler you may want to consider for your darling's bling-bling. 
A jeweler in Lubbock, Texas is offering a free firearm with the purchase of a ring. That's right, if you get married, you can get some protection as well! (Pun intended). 
EverythingLubbock.com reported on this awesome offer: 
Thacker Jewelry is hosting their annual Shotgun Wedding Sale next week where customers who buy a ring will get a gun for free. 
'We started this tradition I believe it was, it'll be three years now,” Thacker Jewelry Owner Joe Thacker Said. 'The idea, of course, is the word play and the old shotgun wedding. Not going back to the negative connotation playing off of that and it's been a lot of fun. We had a lot of people participate and this year we've even gotten into it more,” 
Thacker said the entire store will be on sale, with engagement rings on special. Anyone who purchases a ring will also get a gift certificate for a shotgun or a rifle with LSG Tactical. 
'Any time any of their customers go over there and purchase something that meets their qualifications, they get a gift certificate for either a Remington 870 shotgun or a savage bolt action rifle,” LSG Tactical Steve Burns said. 
For Texas, this does not come as any big surprise. Texans love their guns. 
'It's something that's very natural for most Texans,” Burns said. 'Most guys grew up hunting or at least exposed to hunting if not by their family, but by their friends, or social groups. So it's something that's pretty natural for all of us.” 
'Farming, hunting, ranching its all intertwined,” Thacker said. 'So it's just a natural fit for Texas.” 
While the free gun may be the most enticing aspect of a ring purchase for a lot of men, make sure you teach your to-be finance how to shoot as well! The ladies especially need to know how to use that gun, arguably more than we do. 
Since men are typically stronger physically than women (sorry feminists, I didn't create the human anatomy), we might be able to fend off an attacker if we don't have a gun on us (though you should!). 
But our ladies may have a more difficult time of it, since they have smaller frames and typically less muscle mass. What better way to even the playing field with thugs than to teach her how to shoot? 
A ring and a gun, that's a deal that's hard to beat, in my mind! So what are you waiting for, gentlemen?

ARTICLE

 
In the war between police and Black Lives Matter, the cop-hating race-baiters are losing. 
A new study shows a dramatic increase in respect for law enforcement among all Americans, including blacks, who have been repeatedly told they were the victims of a racist, white-supremacist-supporting police force. 
In just the last year, Americans who say they have a 'great deal of respect” for police has jumped from 64 percent to 76 percent — the highest level since 1968. Those saying they have 'some” respect for police is down to 17 percent and those claiming to have 'hardly any” respect for police is down to 7 percent. 
The Gallup survey flies in the face of the narrative of leftists and Black Lives Matter. They're trying to convince Americans – especially black Americans – that the police are on a racist rampage and that they have nothing more to fear in this country than a man in uniform. 
But the public doesn't buy it. 
With both whites and 'non-whites,” respect for police is up sharply. Four in five white Americans say they have 'a great deal” of respect for the police in their area, while just over two in three 'non-whites” also say they have a 'great deal” of respect. 
Respect for police is highest among Republicans, at 86 percent, but even 68 percent of Democrats claim a 'great deal” of respect. 
Adults 55 and older (81%) have the most respect, but even those 18-34 had high levels of respect at 71%. 
There is a moral to this for the BLM Social Justice Warriors: You can paint our cops as racist thugs, but we know better. Police risk their lives every day to protect us and deserve our utmost respect. And judging by this poll, they're getting it. 
From the Gallup Poll: 
The sharp increase over the past year in professed respect for local law enforcement comes as many police say they feel they are on the defensive — both politically and for their lives while they are on duty — amid heated national discussions on police brutality and shootings. After an officer was killed by a gunman in Harlem last year, then-New York City Police Commissioner Bill Bratton warned that the U.S. has fostered 'an anti-police attitude that has grown” and that the national dialogue on police-community relations needs to discourage individuals who 'exhibit anti-police behavior or attitudes.” 
Louisiana became the first state to pass a bill that treats acts targeted against police officers as a hate crime. Other states are discussing passing similar laws. It's unclear whether the spike in respect for police will have staying power or if it reflects mostly a reaction to the retaliatory killings against police officers last summer. 
Although confidence in police varies among subgroups, majorities of all groups say they have a great deal of respect for their local police. And the percentage of national adults who say they have 'hardly any” respect for local law enforcement remains small.

ARTICLE

 
The leaders of the militia who temporarily occupied a national wildlife refuge in Oregon have been acquitted on charges related to the standoff. 
The 41-day 'occupation” brought heightened attention to a decades-long dispute over control of federal lands in the U.S. West. 
A jury in Portland found brothers Ammon and Ryan Bundy not guilty of possession of a firearm in a federal facility and conspiring to impede federal workers from their jobs at the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge, some 300 miles southeast of Portland, The New York Post is reporting . 

Despite this acquittal, the brothers are still expected to stand trial in Nevada early in 2017, on charges stemming from another controversial standoff with federal authorities. The feds rounded up cattle at their father Cliven's ranch in 2014, alleging unpaid grazing fees, but they faced armed protesters. 
The brothers are part of a Nevada ranching family embroiled in a lengthy fight over the use of public range, and their occupation drew an international spotlight to a uniquely American West dispute: federal restrictions on ranching, mining and logging to protect the environment. The U.S. government, which controls much of the land in the West, says it tries to balance industry, recreation and wildlife concerns to benefit all. 
'We are just so excited,” Angie Bundy, Ryan's wife, told the Guardian after the verdict was announced. 'We've been praying hard, and we knew they hadn't done anything wrong.” 
The Post is reporting that the trial seemed like an open-and-shut case. There was no dispute that the group actually seized the refuge, established armed patrols, and vetted visitors. 

'Ladies and gentlemen, this case is not a whodunit,” Assistant U.S. Attorney Ethan Knight said in his closing argument, arguing that the group decided to take over a federal workplace that didn't belong to them. 
But federal prosecutors took two weeks to present their case, finishing with a display of more than 30 guns seized at the standoff, testifying to 16,636 live rounds and 1,700 spent casings were found. 
Despite the evidence, the brothers were found not guilty, suggesting that the jury – along with the American people – are growing weary of continued government interference in local land use issues.

ARTICLE

 
It's been a quarter-century since Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas made history by becoming only the second black judge ever to serve on the nation's highest court. 
But you won't see celebrations, recognition, or even acknowledgement of this feat – in fact, the 'Thomas-derangement,” as The Daily Caller calls it, has not abated one bit. 
This despite the fact that the impact Thomas has had is unequaled. Thomas is one of the nation's most influential lawmakers and has admirers from all legal corners. 
Yet, he is ridiculed, belittled, and assaulted with the type of disgusting comments usually reserved for common criminals and deviants. 
Writing in The New York Times , Maureen Dowd referred to the Justice as 'the creepy guy who acted pervy toward [Anita Hill] and won. 
This barrage of insults is not just among his legal and intellectual peers, either. Thomas has been completely wiped clean from any mention in the new Smithsonian National Museum of African American History and Culture. 
His accuser Anita Hill, however, is given prominent display. The exhibit features testimonies trumpeting her courage and the surge of women's activism that ensued, while making only peripheral reference to Thomas. 
Despite these slights, Thomas continues to speak out. At a speech at the Heritage Foundation, the justice warned that we are 'destroying our institutions.” 
'At some point, we are going to have to recognize that we are destroying our institutions,” he said, acknowledging that the Court might also partially be at fault. 'What have we done to gain their confidence?” he asked. 'Perhaps we should ask ourselves what we have done to not earn it or to earn it.” 
The court's lone African-American justice also defended his view that even prior Supreme Court precedents must be bent or broken to comply with the Constitution — something most of his colleagues don't believe. 
'You've got lots of precedents out there that have been changed,” Thomas said. 'I believe we are obligated to rethink things constantly.” 
Thomas ended with some positive words about former Justice Antonin Scalia, who he affectionately referred to as 'Nino.” 
The court has become evenly divided between liberals and conservatives, a change that could become even more pronounced if Hillary Clinton wins the presidency and controls who will replace Scalia. But Thomas chose to dwell more on his friendship with 'Nino” than ponder the future without him. 
'He was from the north, and I was from the south, but we wound up at the same place,” he said, referring to their views on the paramount importance of the Constitution and individual freedoms. Scalia, he said, fretted over big principles as well as smaller things such as punctuation and syntax.

ARTICLE

You are here: Home / US / Major Swing State Dem ADMITS Stunning Truth About Trump and The Polls Major Swing State Dem ADMITS Stunning Truth About Trump and The Polls October 27, 2016  
Former Pennsylvania Gov. Ed Rendell, a major swing state Democrat and Hillary Clinton ally, had quite a few commonsense sound bites during an interview with Philadelphia radio host Rich Zeoli, and one of the most notable was his comment about the 'hidden Trump vote.” 
'I think there's a hidden Donald Trump vote,” Rendell told Zeoli . 'All this talk about it being over and now the real contest is the Senate is going to persuade a couple of Hillary Clinton voters and Democratic voters to say 'Well, what do I have to stand on line for an hour [to vote] for? 
The media has pushed rigged polls and shown their massive bias in favor of Clinton — even Rendell had to admit that the media is biased: 'The majority of the media's against Donald Trump and favors Hillary Clinton.” 
Rendell discussed the possibility that the Clinton campaign/media's strategy could backfire: 'There a lot of things that are in motion that are favorable to Donald Trump. I wouldn't say that it's over then. The odds are that he's going to lose, but I wouldn't bet my life on it.” 
In a further discussion about Clinton voters staying home, Rendell told Zeoli: 
If you're an African-American voter and you like Hillary — because you've always liked the Clintons — but, you know, it's not Barack Obama, and you read that Hillary's got Pennsylvania locked up — the [Philadelphia] Inquirer said that the Trump team had conceded Pennsylvania this morning — you read that and you say she's going to win anyway. 'What do I have to stand on line for an hour?' If I were the Clinton team, I would be desperately worried about that type of talk. Desperately worried. 
The media bias has gotten so bad and so blatant that even a Democrat Clinton ally had to admit it. Rendell's point about possible voter suppression was a very interesting take; however, there's another more sinister reason why Clinton's camp and the media (but I repeat myself) are doing this. 
The Democrat National Committee rigged the primary for Clinton. If there is something set in motion to steal the election for Clinton — and given the amount of evidence we have about voter fraud it's likely — it's imperative for the media to set up the narrative that Clinton is going to win in a landslide. 
If the media is able to sell the myth that Clinton has opened a huge lead over Donald Trump, they have a better chance of getting away with stealing an election with minor resistance from the public. 
We've heard for a while that there is a potential hidden Trump vote of people who won't say that they're voting for him because of the massive media bias, but plan to do so in the privacy of the voting booth. 
Hopefully that holds true and the vigorous support for Trump evidenced at his rallies is able to overcome the Democrats' dirty tricks.

ARTICLE

 
Who does the Clinton camp want to make 'happy”? Not the American people, of course, but none other than billionaire left-wing globalist George Soros. 
Soros has donated around $25 million to the Clinton campaign as of July, according to Politico , and that clearly buys a great deal of influence. WikiLeaks has recently released emails from the account of Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta that show the lengths the campaign went to keep Soros 'happy” and the huge amount of influence he exerted. 
In an Oct. 7, 2014 email from top Clinton aide Huma Abedin to now-campaign manager Robby Mook, Abedin discussed a dinner Clinton was going to have with Soros. Abedin said in the email that she expected that Soros would eventually ask Clinton to attend a fundraiser for one of the numerous groups Soros helps bankroll, the liberal America Votes organization. 
Mook replied to the email: 'I would only do this for political reasons (ie to make Soros happy).” 
Fox News reported : 
During her time as secretary of state, Clinton was forwarded from Soros' aides on Jan. 23, 2011 a message he wrote specifically for her addressing 'a serious situation” in Albania. Soros even included two actions that 'need to be done urgently.” One of the suggestions was appointing 'a mediator such as Carl Bildt, Martti Ahtisaari or Miroslav Lajcak…” 
Clinton received the email the next day. On Jan. 27, Lajcak met Albanian leaders for a mediation effort. 
In another instance, just hours after the death of Justice Antonin Scalia on Feb. 13, 2016, Chris Stone, president of the Soros-founded Open Society Foundations, emailed Podesta and asked: 'Remember our discussion of Wallace Jefferson, [former] Chief Justice in Texas?” Podesta simply replied, 'yup.” 
An adviser and spokesman for Soros, Michael Vachon, did most of the corresponding with Podesta related to Soros. Vachon scheduled phone calls and meetings along with making sure that the campaign knew Soros' position on a variety of policy issues. 
Fox News reported: 
On March 7, 2016, Vachon sent Podesta a memo regarding 'TPP and Malaysia's Corruption Crisis.” The document criticized President Obama for making 'visible compromises” in his quest to get a deal for the Trans Pacific Partnership completed. Podesta was ostensibly set to discuss the memo with Soros and his son, Alexander, during a dinner later that month. Six days later, Vachon got even more specific. 
'In general I think George is more interested in talking about policy than the campaign per se,” Vachon wrote. 'In a separate email I will send you George's latest thinking on the migration crisis, which he is spending a lot of time on. His other big preoccupation these days is Ukraine.” 
Refugees/migration, the Supreme Court, global warming, Ukraine, etc., are surely just a sampling of policy issues on which the globalist Soros has and will continue to influence Clinton. 
Clinton is dangerous enough as it is, but as the man who could be directing policy decisions if Clinton is elected president? That is a scary thought.

ARTICLE

 
Seth Connell reports that a new video released from Project Veritas provides evidence that Hillary Clinton herself worked in the operation to rig the election to ensure a win. 
This video is the third installment from Project Veritas, which has released two previous undercover videos showing Democratic operatives discussing highly unethical and illegal campaigning activities. 
The videos revealed such damaging information that two top Democratic operatives were released from their position; when people from the Clinton camp step down, you know it's bad . BREAKING: Rigging the Election – Video III: Creamer Confirms @HillaryClinton Involvement https://t.co/ozb1frZ7rR #Veritas @PVeritas_Action 
— James O'Keefe (@JamesOKeefeIII) October 24, 2016 
This third installment includes a shocking number of insights into how the Democratic Party has been running the Clinton campaign. Several of the most memorable quotes from the video include: 
'Nobody is really supposed to know about me.”-Aaron Black 
'So Brad, and Bob, and Lux, and myself are all part of the old school method where, it doesn't matter what the freakin' legal and ethics people say, we need to win this motherf**ker.” -Aaron Black 
(In regards to the 'Donald Duck” characters showing up at Trump events): 'Skalar [Clinton operative] had gone to some buddy of his who is one of her body people and she explained the idea to Hillary. And Hillary just loved it. Let me tell you something, I think she has the right instinct here. This thing is working, is resonating but that story is not exactly what you want to hear about how presidential decision-making happens.” -Robert Creamer 
The coordination between the Clinton Camp, the DNC, and Americans United for Change is a rather obvious violation of federal campaign finance laws regarding expenditures. DNC chair Donna Brazile was also involved in the coordination with the Clinton Camp as well. 
Additionally, Robert Creamer discussed why the Donald Duck idea had to be owned by AUFC and not by the DNC. 
'The duck has to be an Americans United For Change entity. This had to do only with some problem between Donna Brazile and ABC, which is owned by Disney, because they were worried about a trademark issue. That's why. It's really silly.” 
Later in the video Creamer revealed why that is the case: 
'Donna Barzile had a connection with them and she didn't want to get sued.” 
And finally, an explicit admission about Hillary's desires, straight from Creamer himself: 
'We originally launched this duck because Hillary Clinton wants the duck.” 
Watch the full video below: 
This certainly seems to be illegal campaigning, based on these videos. One of the interns even stated that there was a whole slew of reasons why responsibilities had to be divvied up, because the whole scheme was a mess. And why is that? Because they are violating campaign coordination law, so they have to. 
It's truly unbelievable. A plethora of revelations now show us how corrupt Hillary Clinton and the DNC are, yet there are still millions of people that support them. If these revelations continue, and they still support her, what can you really say? 
When corruption penetrates this deeply, and when the citizens still wholeheartedly back those who are driving the corruption, the country is in serious danger. 
God help us.

ARTICLE

Russia unveiled a weapon capable of reaching United States territory recently, and on its heels, Russian President Vladimir Putin said that the actions undertaken in Washington are 'pushing Russia into a nuclear arms race,” according to Zero Hedge . 
Zero Hedge reported: 
Yesterday, Russia reveals photos of a new highly advanced liquid fuelled heavy ICBM capable of evading anti-missile defences and hitting US territory with 10 tonne nuclear payload. 
The Makeyev Design Bureau – the designer of Russia's heavy liquid fuelled Intercontinental Ballistic Missiles ('ICBMs”) – ie. of missiles capable of reaching US territory from Russian territory, has published the first picture of Russia's new heavy Sarmat ICBM which is due to enter service shortly, probably in 2018. 
The Makeyev Design Bureau also released this statement along with the picture of the Sarmat ICBM: 'In accordance with the Decree of the Russian Government 'On the State Defence Order for 2010 and the planning period 2012-2013,' the Makeyev Rocket Design Bureau was instructed to start design and development work on the Sarmat. In June 2011, the Bureau and the Russian Ministry of Defense signed a state contract for the Sarmat's development. The prospective strategic missile system is being developed in order to assuredly and effectively fulfil objectives of nuclear deterrent by Russia's strategic forces.” 
As Zero Hedge noted, the Sarmat has a specific goal of evading U.S. anti-ballistic missile systems that have been deployed in Eastern Europe. 
This is yet another reason why we need a president who understands the importance of modernizing and beefing up our military in these uncertain times. 
While the U.S. stays stuck in the 1960's and 1970's with our strategic deterrents, Russia is working to upgrade their armory. The new Sarmat missile is set to be ready to go in 2018. 
AntiWar's Jason Ditz had this to say about the situation between the U.S. and Russia in regard to our respective military capabilities: 
Of course, the United States spends many, many times what Russia does on its military, but the fact that Russia has a proper military capable of defending the nation at all puts it in a total different category from most of America's recent wars, and Russia's massive nuclear arsenal makes it clear this is one war which, if the US launches it, they won't be able to win outright. 
Democrat presidential nominee Hillary Clinton has called for a no-fly zone over Syria. Here's what Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, Gen. Joseph Dunford, had to say about that. 
'Right now, Senator, for us to control all of the airspace in Syria it would require us to go to war, against Syria and Russia,” he said. 'That's a pretty fundamental decision that certainly I'm not going to make.” 
Clinton's track record — both in action and in words — proves that she does not have the judgment necessary to be president.

ARTICLE

You are here: Home / US / Look at the SHOCKING Number of Kids Born To Illegals in 2014 Look at the SHOCKING Number of Kids Born To Illegals in 2014 October 27, 2016 
According to the Pew Research Center's latest numbers, in 2014, 275,000 anchor babies were born in the United States — enough to fill Orlando, Florida. 
The Washington Examiner reported : 
Moms in the United States illegally gave birth to 275,000 babies in 2014, enough birthright U.S. citizens to fill a city the size of Orlando, Florida, according to an analysis of data from the National Center for Health Statistics. 
The data showed that newborns to illegals accounted for 7 percent of all births in 2014, according to the analysis from the Pew Research Center. 
The report reviews births to unmarried foreign-born and American born women. Those who are foreign born, including illegals, are seeing their birthrate drop, though it is still making up for the decline in births by American women. 
Pew's recently-released report read: 'In 2014, about 275,000 babies were born to unauthorized-immigrant parents in the U.S., accounting for about 7 percent of all U.S. births, and 32 percent of all U.S. births to foreign-born mothers.” The share of new mothers who are teenagers is higher among the U.S. born (6%) than among the foreign born (2%) https://t.co/d6f9C9ALoR pic.twitter.com/ydJpV2NgXh 
— Pew Research Center (@pewresearch) October 26, 2016 
'A third of all births to foreign-born mothers were to unmarried women – down from a peak of 37 percent in 2008. At the same time, the rate has held steady for U.S.-born women and now stands at 42 percent,” the study continued. 
According to Pew, the birthrate among U.S.-born women has declined, so the rise in the birthrate is solely because of immigrant mothers. The growth in annual U.S. births since 1970 has been driven entirely by immigrant moms https://t.co/bhzGRzgimg pic.twitter.com/dozNVXXVgT 
— Pew Research Center (@pewresearch) October 26, 2016 
While the annual number of babies born in the U.S. has fluctuated in recent years – most markedly during the Great Recession when there was a significant drop in births nationwide – the trajectory over the past four decades or so has been upward. In 2014, there were 4 million births in the U.S., compared with 3.74 million in 1970. 
This growth has been driven entirely by the increasing numbers of babies born to immigrant women. In 2014, immigrant women accounted for about 901,000 U.S. births, which marked a threefold increase from 1970 when immigrant women accounted for about 274,000 births. Meanwhile, the annual number of births to U.S.-born women dropped by 11 percent during that same time period, from 3.46 million in 1970 to 3.10 million in 2014. 
So, do you think that all these people coming here, in many cases illegally, have assimilated to our culture and/or are planning on doing so? Take a look around and it's easy to see that the answer is no. 
If Hillary Clinton is elected, she plans to greatly increase refugee flows and give amnesty to illegal immigrants who broke our laws. In contrast, Donald Trump has pledged to restore law and order, build a wall, enforce immigration laws, and put the safety and interests of American citizens first. 
Which one sounds better to you at this critical point in our country's history?

ARTICLE

You are here: Home / US / HARD TRUTH About How a Country Evolves Towards Fascism [MEME] HARD TRUTH About How a Country Evolves Towards Fascism [MEME] October 27, 2016 
Kimberly Morin reports that in 2015, Hillary Clinton gave a speech on Labor Day in Illinois that should seriously send shivers down your spine. 
The woman sounds more like a fascist dictator than a candidate running for United States President. 
In her effort to try and 'woo' the union crowd away from socialist Bernie Sanders, she made ridiculous claims like saying it was unions who created the middle class. 
Newsflash Hillary: It was Capitalism that created the middle class, not unions. Unions are working hard to destroy it in the public sector and they are doing a damn fine job thanks to help from lunatic Democrats. 
From Grabien : 
Speaking at a Labor Day rally in Hampton, Ill., today Hillary Clinton threatened to imprison employers for 'wage theft.” 
'We're going to go back to enforcing labor laws,” Clinton said. 'I'm going to make sure that some employers go to jail for wage theft and all the other abuses that they engage in.” 
'And we are going to make it harder and harder to stop what should be the right of every American: to join a union and bargain collectively through that union,” she continued. 'But, I'll tell you, we've got a fight on our hands.” 
What is she talking about when she mentions 'wage theft' and how is she going to jail employers because of it? How will this help the economy? The only 'wage theft' that happens in the United States is by the government in the form of taxes. 
The woman is clearly out of her collective mind. She continues to talk about Obama mandating federal contractor provide 7 paid sick days a year to their employees. This is more days than a majority of private sector business offer across the country. Benefits are between an employer and employee. It's not up to the government to mandate them. 
Make no mistake, just like with most Democrats, Clinton is on board with killing more jobs and hurting small businesses. All while lying through her teeth about wanting to 'help them.' 
You've got to watch the video here:

ARTICLE

You are here: Home / US / The BRUTAL Truth About Islamic Law The Left Wants to Hide The BRUTAL Truth About Islamic Law The Left Wants to Hide October 27, 2016 
Robert Gehl reports that the terrorist behind the massacre at the Orlando gay bar is the child of Afghan migrants. 
That particular group – Afghan migrants – are among the most committed to sharia law, according to . 
In fact, almost all Muslims from Afghanistan support the Islamic code -99 percent. Of all the majority-Muslim countries surveyed, Afghanistan had the most pro-sharia. 
Immigration from the Middle East is on the rise, but nothing can match the immigration from Afghanistan. While the number of green cards issued to residents of Middle Eastern countries rose by 32 percent, the number issued to Afghan migrants rose a whopping 379 percent, Breitbart is reporting . 
Hillary Clinton has made clear that under a Clinton Presidency, these numbers will grow substantially higher. Based on the minimum numbers Clinton has put forth thus far, the U.S. will resettle 730,000 permanent migrants from the Muslim world during her first term alone. 
According to NBC, the suspect's family says the terror attack may have been motivated by Mateen's hatred for the LGBT community. Mateen's father says his son was angry over the sight of two men kissing. 
At his Friday speech at the Faith and Freedom Summit, Donald Trump addressed Clinton's plan to import migrants that hold beliefs that are antithetical to Western liberal values. 
'Hillary will bring hundreds of thousands of refugees, many of whom have hostile beliefs about people of different faiths and values, and some of whom absolutely and openly support terrorism in our country,” he said. 'We don't need that. We have enough problems.” 
Florida now leads the state in resettling refugees. In 2013, 43,184 were accepted by that state. While most of these refugees settling in Florida arrive from Cuba, many arrive from Middle Eastern countries. According to the U.S. Office of Refugee Resettlement, the next largest countries to resettle in Florida are (in order) Iraq, Myanmar (Burma), the Democratic Republic of Congo, Sudan, Somalia, Colombia, Afghanistan, Jordan, Pakistan, Syria, and Palestine. 
According to data from the Office of Refugee Resettlement (ORR) in the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, 91.4 percent of recent refugees from the Middle East are on food stamps and 68.3 percent of recent refugees from the Middle East are on cash welfare.

ARTICLE

You are here: Home / US / New Gallup Poll Reveals What Americans REALLY Think About Gun Control New Gallup Poll Reveals What Americans REALLY Think About Gun Control October 28, 2016  
A new Gallup poll found that a record low number of Americans, just 36%, favor a ban on 'assault rifles,” also known as standard semiautomatic sport rifles. This is the lowest number seen in the 20 years since Gallup first asked Americans the question. 
Gallup reported : 
The fewest Americans in 20 years favor making it illegal to manufacture, sell or possess semi-automatic guns known as assault rifles. Thirty-six percent now want an assault weapons ban, down from 44% in 2012 and 57% when Gallup first asked the question in 1996. 
Assault rifles have been a contentious issue in American life for decades. Two years after President Bill Clinton signed a federal assault weapons ban in 1994, Gallup found that a solid majority of Americans favored such a ban. By the time the 10-year ban expired in 2004, Americans were evenly divided. And by 2011, public opinion had tilted against the assault weapons ban, with 53% opposed and 43% in favor. In Gallup's 2016 Crime poll, conducted Oct. 5-9, opposition now exceeds support by 25 percentage points, 61% to 36%. 
Support for a ban on assault rifles has waned across party lines, though the level of support has dropped most markedly among Republicans. Among Democrats, 50 percent support a ban whereas just 25 percent of Republicans do. In 1996, Democrats supported a ban on assault rifles at a rate of 63 percent along with 50 percent of Republicans. 
For independents, the trend is downward as well. In 2000, 63 percent of independents backed a ban on assault rifles, but now that number is all the way down to 31 percent. 
People who own guns aren't the only ones who care about the issue, either. For people who don't have a gun in the home, 55 percent supported banning assault rifles in 2004; today, the number is down 10 points at 45 percent. 
In 2004, 44 percent of those in households with a gun supported an assault weapons ban, but today that number has shrunk to 26 percent — which represents an all-time low. 
Gallup reported that this trend fits an overall trend of decreasing support for strict gun laws — particularly relative to the levels seen in 1990: 
The decline in support for an assault weapons ban mirrors the trend for those saying there should be a law banning the possession of handguns, except by the police or other authorized people. Currently, 23% of Americans favor such a ban, down from 26% in 2011 and 36% in 2004. 
At the same time, 55% of Americans say laws covering the sale of firearms should be made more strict, with 10% saying the laws should be less strict and 34% saying they should be kept as they are now. The percentage favoring stricter gun laws has fluctuated between 43% and 60% since 2004, with no clear increase or decrease in support. But it is down from levels consistently at or above 60% in the 1990s, including a high of 78% in 1990. 
Maybe people are starting to see through the media's narrative that getting rid of guns will keep us safe? Many Americans know how important the Second Amendment is and are unwilling to let the government scare them into giving up their right and cede more power to the federal government. 
Good, hopefully more people wake up and refuse to give up their rights.

ARTICLE

The Blaze reported : 
The National Republican Congressional Committee cut an ad for one of its endangered congressional candidates, touting him as an 'independent voice” who 'stood up to” Republican nominee Donald Trump 'months ago.” 
Rep. Bob Dold, who represents a heavily Democratic district in northeastern Illinois, is in danger of losing his House of Representatives seat to former Democratic Rep. Brad Schneider. This is the third time in three cycles the two politicians have faced off in the pendulum-like district — first Schneider unseated Dold in 2012, then Dold unseated Schneider in 2014. 
The NRCC went on to criticize the Democrat nominee for voting with his party 90 percent of the time and touted their candidate as 'one of the most bipartisan members of Congress.” 
In the ad, a clip from March 2016 showed Dold take a swipe at Trump in an interview with the Clinton News Network: 'I think Donald Trump has disqualified himself.” 
CNN reported on Aug. 10, 2016: 
One of the first Republicans to oppose Trump, the Illinois representative told WLS May 6: 'I will not support Donald Trump,” referring to Trump's comments about women, Muslims, Latinos and POWs. 'We're looking for a uniter, not a divider,” he said. 
Supporting: Will write in a candidate. 
Republicans like Dold are a big part of the reason why Trump has been so successful. The Republican Party has sold out this country and the American people who used to support them. 
The veil has been lifted and many Americans have woken up to the fact that establishment Republicans are in on the globalist agenda and are one in the same with the Democrats. They attempt to squabble over minor issues to make it seem as if there's a difference, but the reality is that they're all in on it. 
They're selling out our country, and many of the so-called principled Republicans truly want a Hillary Clinton presidency because they want her globalist agenda to succeed. 
The NRCC's praise for Dold and criticism of his opponent evidences the fact that they're in on it. They criticize the Democrat for siding with his party but praise Dold for being 'bipartisan,” which might as well be Washington-ese for Republicans rolling over while Democrats fundamentally transform this country. 
This country is at a precipice. There are those who want to maintain national sovereignty and get back to what made America great, and there are those that want globalism and to eviscerate America as we know it. 
So to the NRCC: there is nothing 'principled” about giving our country away, and many of us are on to your game.

ARTICLE

You are here: Home / US / Liberal Gun Control Arguments DESTROYED by One Brutal Meme Liberal Gun Control Arguments DESTROYED by One Brutal Meme October 28, 2016  
C.E. Dyer reports that a sickening 13,000 late-term abortions are carried out every year in the U.S. and at the third and final presidential debate on Wednesday night, Democrat nominee Hillary Clinton explained away her support of murdering children via late-term and partial birth abortions with the incorrect claim that the 'life and health of the mother” is often at stake in such cases. 
'The kinds of cases that fall at the end of pregnancy are often the most heartbreaking, painful decisions for families to make,” Clinton said at the debate, referencing health risks to mothers and fetal anomalies to justify her extreme position. 
Lila Rose, pro-life activist and founder of Live Action, wrote for the Hill in response to Clinton's dangerous and incorrect statements: 
The first problem with Clinton's claim is that research published by the pro-abortion Guttmacher Institute found that abortions for fetal abnormalities 'make up a small minority” of late-term abortions, and those that are purported to be done to save the mother's life are an even smaller number. Even more problematic for Clinton, over 1,000 medical professionals have concluded that abortion is never medically necessary to save a mother's life. While a life-saving treatment for a mother may result in the death of her preborn child, that treatment's purpose is not to kill the baby. For example, removing a mother's fallopian tube in the case of an ectopic pregnancy, or inducing labor later in pregnancy to achieve better outcomes for both baby and mother is not abortion. Not being able to save someone because we lack the technology to do so is entirely different from intentionally killing them. Abortion is an intentional killing, and that is always a grave injustice. 
Rose went on to note how disturbing it is that Clinton would justify the murder of a child because he or she has a medical condition. Down Syndrome Awareness Month of October is being celebrated by millions of people as Clinton justified their murder because someone decided they aren't worthy of life. 
Abortion is legal throughout all nine months of pregnancy in the U.S. for certain exceptions — a fact that many people might not know and would be appalled to find out. As Rose reported, some states have restrictions on the barbaric practice, but seven states and the District of Columbia allow abortion for any reason at any time in the pregnancy. 
Rose discussed the barbarism that is late-term and partial-birth abortion: 
Most late-term abortions are induction abortions, committed by using a long needle to pierce a baby's brain or heart to deliver a lethal dose of digoxin, which causes cardiac arrest. The baby is then delivered stillborn two to three days later. You can see a medically accurate animation of this procedure presented by former abortionist Dr. Anthony Levatino here . 
The federal law banning partial-birth abortions (which Clinton voted against as a senator because she said it was too strict) still allows for the abortionist to partially deliver a child — with her legs dangling outside of her mother or most of her head being delivered — before he kills her. But for the abortionist waiting to take the child's life as she moves through the birth canal, the child is only seconds away from taking her first breath and having full legal protection. 
Clinton supports this horrific practice and Planned Parenthood — which kills 320,000 babies a year as the largest abortion chain in the country — supports her candidacy in return. Planned Parenthood has given $30 million to the Clinton campaign in an effort to save the $500 million in taxpayer subsidies they receive to wage war on the preborn and the moral dignity of this nation.

ARTICLE

 
There have been plenty of stories of voter fraud across the country, but a photoshopped picture has taken the internet by storm. In it, Donald Trump's name is left off of the ballot whil Hillary Clinton's is listed twice. 
The doctored photo hit Twitter and has since been re-tweeted tens of thousands of times. Take a look at the picture for yourself: 
— Hatrick Penry (@Hatrick__Penry) October 24, 2016 Hey guys, seriously? How is this not viral yet? Are we going to be taken as that stupid and let it go? This is an Oregon Ballot. pic.twitter.com/4eSSrK3aaB 
— Curt Schilling (@gehrig38) October 27, 2016 
About an hour after John Laussier started the hoax, he took responsibility for it and admitted that it wasn't real: 'In case its not super obvious that last tweet from me is a hoax. Don't believe everything you read on the internet folks.” Is Trump on the Oregon ballot? YES. But a hoax grabbed a lot of retweets today. Official sample ballot >>> https://t.co/LR1smKW2pO pic.twitter.com/WvMIhyzUHz 
— KVAL News (@KVALnews) October 21, 2016 
'I'm hoping people figure out soon this was fake, and, in the future, look at what they're passing on,” Laussier told KATU . 'We've got to act responsibly. Get out your ballots, take a good hard look, and vote with some research!” 
Laussier told KATU that it was 'irresponsible of me to post the tweet,” and he apologized. LawNewz reported : 
The Oregon Secretary of State's Office told KGQ that they are evaluating whether the hoax violated election law. Spokesperson Molly Woon emphasized to the television station that the Oregon Secretary of State is 'confident” in the election process. 
While Laussier makes a good point about people being discerning about what they share on the internet, there are a couple of important points here. 
First, there is good reason for people to be vigilant about voter fraud . There are numerous reports of the problem across the country and it's good that people are paying attention. 
Second, the mainstream media is largely in the tank for Clinton and operates as a propaganda machine. Most people don't have the time — or if they do, don't have the resources — to thoroughly vet something they come across. You know who has both? The media… but they refuse to do so because of their bias. 
If this ballot was real, people may have been able to force change by bringing light to what would have been a serious problem. 
That certainly doesn't mean that people shouldn't be discerning or that they should repost or re-tweet everything they come across. There's something to be said for people being vigilant, paying attention, and forcing those in the media and those in positions to do something about it to take a look. 
Now, that doesn't mean that people should automatically believe that something's true and adjust their beliefs/voting decision because of it; it just means that it's good that people are paying attention and forcing those in a position to check it out to do so. 
While Laussier's tweet was an interesting experiment, the timing was poor given the rampant voter fraud going on throughout the country. This was a hoax, but there are plenty of instances where it isn't, and people shouldn't be discouraged from being vigilant about it.

ARTICLE

 
It looks like Democrat presidential nominee Hillary Clinton picked the right running mate; Sen. Tim Kaine is just as big of a flake as she is. Not only that, he draws similar small, anemic crowds. Birds of a feather… 
Kaine had a campaign event scheduled for 6 p.m. on Friday in Sarasota, Florida's Municipal Auditorium, but cancelled without a reason — although the embarrassment he suffered with a pathetically small turnout at a rally earlier in the week may have something to do with it. 
The event is listed on Clinton's campaign website with the following message: 'This event has been cancelled. Please accept our apologies for the inconvenience.” 
Breitbart reported : 
The cancellation comes at a time when both Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton and Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump are making aggressive pushes in the Sunshine State to win the state's 29 electoral votes. Trump earlier this week wrapped a five-stop swing through Florida and Clinton on Wednesday wrapped up a three-stop trip. 
Kaine's scheduled visit to Tallahassee, FL at Florida State University in the northern part of the state on Friday still appears to be on. 
Earlier this week Kaine held a campaign rally in West Palm Beach, Florida where only around 30 people showed up — including 'journalists and operatives,” according to The Gateway Pundit . 
The two campaigns were compared on Twitter: BREAKING: #TimKaine rally only about 30 people show up. Her campaign is dead in #Florida nobody wants #HillaryClinton Serial Liar Corrupt pic.twitter.com/vgnWGHxXgs 
— Trump Street Team FL (@ChatRevolve) October 24, 2016 A tale of two campaigns. Today, Trump: 20,000 in Tampa. Tim Kaine: 50 or so West Palm Beach. #MAGA #ImWithHer #TrumpTrain #Hillary pic.twitter.com/rOgwP7j2Sp

ARTICLE

You are here: Home / US / Media Treatment of Kaepernick Versus Tebow Brilliantly Compared Media Treatment of Kaepernick Versus Tebow Brilliantly Compared October 28, 2016  
C.E. Dyer reports that the San Francisco 49ers announced on Tuesday that Colin Kaepernick will regain his starting quarterback position that had been given to Blaine Gabbert for the first five games of the NFL season. 
Kaepernick, as you likely already know, waged a disrespectful protest against alleged racial injustice in the country by first sitting during the national anthem and then taking a knee — because somehow that is supposed to be less disrespectful, ignorant, and petulant (it isn't, but whatever). 49ers new starting QB is Colin Kaepernick. 
— Adam Schefter (@AdamSchefter) October 11, 2016 
We'll see what happens, but the first quarter of the NFL season has seen a major drop in the ratings. Despite the NFL's denials, it's highly likely that the #NFLBoycott movement in response to the protests by Kaepernick and other players has had an effect on the ratings. 
It's bad enough that Kaepernick is allowed to continue his farcical protest, but now he's back in the starting role. Kaepernick, who is biracial and was adopted by white parents, will take over the starting role from Blaine Gabbert, who is white. Kaepernick also rakes in an average of $19 million a year. 
Oh, the racial injustice of it all! It's systemic I tell you! Kaepernick hates the system so much, but I'm sure he likes the free market principles that allow him to make millions of dollars to throw a football. 
People are struggling in this country and probably don't like to watch a foolish multi-millionaire, whine about the farce that is 'systemic racism,” when they try to enjoy a football game — just a guess. 
Unless Kaepernick and other players are in on it, they have allowed themselves to be pawns in the left's radical, globalist agenda that seeks to use identity politics such as race, gender, class warfare, etc. to divide and conquer. 
Kaepernick is blessed to live in this great country that allows him and his fellow players to make enormous amounts of money to play a child's game. Instead of being grateful, he chooses to disrespect the country that afforded him such extraordinary opportunities. 
He uses the massive platform he's been given to peddle a racist lie instead of taking the time to educate himself about the facts — which disprove the agenda spread by groups like Black Lives Matter, a group that is bankrolled in part by progressive left-wing billionaire George Soros and other left-wing big money. 
We'll see how long the NFL allows this offensive spectacle to go on. Their bottom line has clearly taken a hit — the ratings are down 11 percent according to an internal NFL memo — and as we all know, money talks.

ARTICLE

You are here: Home / political cartoon / Why Ambassador Stevens Had a Hard Time Getting Through to Hillary Why Ambassador Stevens Had a Hard Time Getting Through to Hillary October 28, 2016 
Robert Gehl reports that when one of Hillary Clinton's political cronies referred to the four Americans killed in the Benghazi attacks as ' the four guys ,” most Americans couldn't believe it. 
And when Mike Pence found out about it, he couldn't stay silent. 
Via Breitbart and WikiLeaks , we learned about the dismissive term that Clinton advisor Mandy Grunwald used for the four American heroes. She wouldn't even mention their names (Glen Doherty, Tyrone Woods, Sean Smith and Ambassador Chris Stevens). 
She was talking about a discussion to include the Benghazi attacks as opening statements for a speech: 
Seems odd to put the tributes to the four guys into this statement, since it is mostly the repackaged testimony. We can't overdo the tributes to them and I think they should be done in person. 
Thx 
Grunwald Communications 
Vice Presidential candidate Mike Pence didn't respond well, Breitbart reports : 
'This just came out today…when her staff was preparing her for testimony, an opening statement for the select committee on Benghazi, one of them actually mentioned in an email that she shouldn't focus too much on the 'four guys' who were killed,” said Pence. 
'Those were not four guys. Those were four American heroes,” Pence said to shouts of affirmation and applause. 
'When she was questioned about the reason for the attacks she actually said of those four American heroes, she actually said, 'What difference, at this point, does it make?' 
He continued, 'Let me tell you something, I'm a father of a United States Marine. Anybody who said that, anybody who did that, should be disqualified from ever serving as Commander-in-Chief of the armed forces.” 
'It was Hillary Clinton who left Americans in harm's way in Benghazi,” Pence remarked to the New Hampshire crowd earlier in his address. 
Clinton and her staff's dismissiveness of these four heroes – who she was responsible for – is absolutely unforgivable .

ARTICLE

 
Democrat presidential nominee Hillary Clinton is clearly not in good health, and for a couple of campaign events she actually managed to do, we have more video of her failing health which the liberal mainstream media tries to sweep under the rug . 
On Thursday, Clinton struggled to climb the steps of her campaign plane on her way to a rally in Winston Salem, North Carolina. 
The rainy day had Clinton holding an umbrella as she labored her way up the stairs. Live Satellite News posted the video and noted that Clinton appeared to be 'mumbling to herself.” 
Clinton almost missed a stair, and as The American Mirror pointed out, from the time she left her motorcade all the way up the plane stairs, Clinton seemed 'wobbly and unsteady.” 
Watch the video below yourself where Clinton appeared to be pained as she climbed the campaign plane stairs: 
The American Mirror posted another video, this time from The Last Stand, in which Clinton couldn't tackle an approximately 18-inch step without assistance. The title of the video referenced Clinton's 'Stronger Together” campaign slogan — one that she apparently has taken literally thanks to her clearly failing health. 
As you can see in the second video, the man who assisted Clinton didn't just happen to be there and thought it would be nice to extend a hand to the elderly woman. No, he bounded over to Clinton when she neared the step. He stood nearby in what looked like an effort to be ready to help her descend the single step or steady her on the platform. 
Now, some who haven't followed the campaign closely may think that this is nit-picky, but it isn't. It's a little odd on its own, but when you add it to the mountain of evidence over the years of Clinton's failing health, it says a great deal. 
Can you imagine the media uproar if Donald Trump exhibited a tenth of the issues Clinton has on the campaign trail? You don't have to — just this week Trump took 90 minutes 'off” of the campaign trail to open his new Washington hotel, Washington Trump International, and CNN's Dana Bash managed to ask a question that served as a dig. 
'For people who say you're taking time out of swing states to go do this,” Bash asked. Trump, with his hectic schedule that more than puts Clinton to shame, wasn't having it: 'For you to ask me that question is actually very insulting, because Hillary Clinton does one stop and then goes home and sleeps. Yet you'll ask me that question.” 
He's right. There have been numerous examples of Clinton's failing health that have barely gained media attention aside from her collapse at a Sept. 11 memorial this year that forced the biased media to reluctantly cover it. 
The media is in the bag for Clinton, there's no doubt about it . They may not note her clear health issues that she refuses to disclose the public, but we will.

ARTICLE

You are here: Home / US / The Clinton Shakedown Scam Summed Up With One Meme The Clinton Shakedown Scam Summed Up With One Meme October 28, 2016  
Regan Pifer writes that everyone should donate to the Clinton Foundation immediately! 
After all, it takes hundreds of thousands of dollars to support Bill and Hillary, along with the Clinton Foundation board members, to fly around the world in their Boeing 757, and to stay in $13,900/night villas with a 60-foot swimming pool. 
That kind of luxury ain't going to pay for itself! 
Oh, and–in between the opulence and indulgence–former president Bill Clinton and his donors stopped to serve 'meals to 250 underprivileged children” in Jaipur, India on July 16, 2014. 
I wonder how many more meals, medicine, or school supplies could have been provided with an extra $13,900. 
This is a typical Clinton Foundation site visit. 
According to The Daily Caller : 
The trip provides a glimpse into the lavish lifestyle of the Clinton Foundation and dozens of its wealthiest donors — all done in the name of charity, according to a Daily Caller News Foundation investigation… 
The Clinton excesses on this particular trip were seen in several Third World nations. Indonesian officials, for example, warned the foundation that Pangkalan Bun Airport's landing strip was too short for the Boeing 757 and that the party would have to switch to a smaller aircraft. 
Officially, the Indonesian stop was to visit a Clinton Climate Initiative project where a local forest preserve was being cultivated to offset carbon emissions. But flying 41 people — donors, their families and foundation staff — aboard an aircraft designed for nearly 300 sent the trip's 'carbon footprint” sky high… 
…[T]he 757 and Gulfstream burned 60,000 gallons of jet fuel, worth at least $220,000 using current commercial aviation rates. 
Sixty thousands gallons of jet fuel produced 200 tons of carbon dioxide emissions, enough energy to power 21 average U.S. homes for a year, according to the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency. It would fuel a passenger car 478,000 miles in a year. 
The Clinton entourage's carbon dioxide consumption exceeded a year's total emissions by countries like Guinea-Bissau, Tonga, the British Virgin Islands, Lichtenstein and the Solomon Islands, according to the World Bank . 
The Clinton Foundation led a workshop in what not to do –a mismanagement of funds and resources for the gluttonous indulgence of donors. 
Imagine if the 'C” in the Clinton Foundation stood for compassion as opposed to corruption…

ARTICLE

 
As the Syrian Civil War rages on, the Russians continue to back the Assad regime in the fight against myriad rebel groups. The bloody conflict has garnered international attention, including a refugee crisis in the Middle East and Europe (which is quickly spreading to the United States, as well). 
The United States has been involved in several military actions to aid the rebel groups in Syria, though much of this help has aided the rise of ISIS (smuggling weapons to these groups fighting Assad, only to end up with ISIS). Given US involvement, and Russian backing of the Assad regime, tensions between the two superpowers have risen to near Cold War levels. 
One recent event demonstrating just how volatile the situation was a near-collision between two fighter jets, one American and the other Russian, in Syrian airspace. #BREAKING Russian, US jets had near miss over Syria: US officials 
Zero Hedge has details: 
The near miss occurred late on October 17, when a Russian jet that was escorting a larger spy plane maneuvered in the vicinity of an American warplane, Air Force Lieutenant General Jeff Harrigan said. The Russian jet came to 'inside of half a mile”, he added. Another US military official, speaking on condition of anonymity , said the American pilot could feel the turbulence produced by the Russian jet's engines. 
'It was close enough you could feel the jet wash of the plane passing by,” the official said. 
The incident appears did not take place out to malice, as the Russian pilot had simply not seen the US jet, as it was dark and the planes were flying without lights according to AGP. This incident was deemed unsafe, but not necessarily unprofessional, officials said. 'I would attribute it to not having the necessary situational awareness given all those platforms operating together,” Harrigan said. 
The incident raises serious questions about the extent to which pilots are able to track the complex airspace they operate in. 
The US-led coalition has set up a hotline with Russian counterparts so the different militaries can discuss the approximate locations and missions of planes, and avoid operating in the same space at the same time. In this case, the American pilot tried unsuccessfully to reach the Russian jet via an emergency radio channel. 
This close-call is one of several similar incidents in the past six weeks or so. The Russians have become increasingly brazen in the past few months, especially in the Syrian arena. Anything that threatens the Russo-Syrian alliance is not taken too well by the Kremlin, and responses are bold, dastardly, and provocative. 
Luckily, there have not been any full-blown engagements between American and Russian military forces, but the number of close-calls in recent days is cause for concern. These are two of the world's most prominent nuclear superpowers, one of whom is becoming more and more brazen and willing to incite conflicts when it suits their interests. 
The other is a regime with massive military superiority, yet weak and flaky leadership. 
At this point it is not totally clear what the Russians will do next. Undoubtedly, they will continue to prop up the Assad regime and bomb anywhere rebel forces may be, but whether or not they will harass American military forces in the area remains to be seen (though I predict that it will only continue to further escalate).

ARTICLE

You are here: Home / US / Project Veritas Reveals Who Was REALLY Behind Romney's 47% Video Project Veritas Reveals Who Was REALLY Behind Romney's 47% Video October 28, 2016  
Once again, the lengths to which the Democrats have to go to win elections was evidenced by a Project Veritas video released Wednesday night on Fox News''The O'Reilly Factor.” In the video, we found out that the 'bartender” who obtained video of former Gov. Mitt Romney's infamous '47%” comments during his 2012 presidential campaign may have actually been part of a coordinated effort by Democrat operatives to tank Romney's campaign — despite the truth of his comments. 
Scott Foval, who was fired from his post at Americans United for Change after Project Veritas began releasing their videos, revealed that there may have been more behind the '47%” video than just a bartender at the fundraiser taking footage on his own, with no direction from anyone else. 
Twitchy reported : 
In Wednesday's video release, Foval explains that the bartender who caught Romney's devastating '47 percent” remarks on video during a fundraiser was part of a coordinated operation to sneak a video recording device into the event. That video eventually was passed along to David Corn of Mother Jones, who won a George Polk Award for his efforts. 
The story at the time, of course, was that bartender Scott Prouty brought a camera along in hopes of perhaps getting a photo with Romney — which somehow involved setting down the camera and hitting the record button. Progressives hailed Prouty as a hero for coming forward with the video. 
Yeah, not according to Foval. 
'Bob [Creamer] got a hold of our guys who did the original insertions back in the 2000 and 2004 campaigns against Bush where they were inserting people and interrupting his fundraisers and rallies,” he told an undercover Project Veritas journalist. 'And then, I don't know if you remember, well from, they are the ones who negotiated to get that lawyer in in Florida who recorded the 47 percent video.” 
'Wait, I thought that was a bartender,” the undercover PVA reporter responded. 
'It was actually a lawyer at the event,” Foval said and added: 'The lawyer took his phone and had the bartender walk around with it and set it up.” 
Foval continued, 'It was a whole coordinated operation to get the phone in because they had taken away all the cell phones from all the staff and so what they did was they set it up in the room.” 
When Foval was asked about who the lawyer was, he claimed he didn't know. 'I have no idea who it is but they, the people who do the operations, they have a team of about 25 folks that this is what they do.” 
Of course, Foval is walking back his comments, and Corn has claimed that it isn't true. Then again, that's what liberals always do when they're caught — deflect, lie, pretend it didn't happen, etc. etc. James O'Keefe's New Story About the 47-Percent Video Is Totally False. https://t.co/uFnbTTqOLk

ARTICLE

 
Despite the multiple attempts to throw Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump off his game and into the gauntlet, he has proved resilient and potentially victorious. 
The Clinton campaign has left no stone unturned in an attempt to destroy Trump and create distractions from her criminal activity. 
However, one of the most reliable formulas is predicting a Trump victory. 
According to the New York Post : 
A data-crunching artificial intelligence system that's correctly predicted the last three US presidential elections is picking Donald Trump to be the next commander in chief. 
The AI system, called MogIA, crunches 20 million data points from sites such as Google, Facebook, Twitter and YouTube to spew out its predictions, CNBC reported. 
It shows that Trump has overtaken the social media engagement numbers of Barack Obama's peak in 2008 — by 25 percent. 
And that's important, because the candidate in each election who led in engagement data ended up winning the presidency, according to MogIA creator Sanjiv Rai, founder of an Indian startup company called Genic.ai 
Now, some of you may be raising an eyebrow to this 'engagement data” since Trump is talked about a lot on social media–the good, the bad, and the ugly. 
How does the data sort out positive and negative comments? Trump supporters talking about Trump, versus Hillary supporters criticizing Trump? 
It turns out that doesn't matter. 
This same system–relying on engagement data–also successfully predicted Trump's win in the Republican primaries. 
Democratic presidential candidate should not get too comfortable in her alleged lead. 
Ultimately, Trump supporters and Trump haters are extreme. But, ultimately, it appears no news is bad news. 
As the founder of this artificial intelligence system stated, 'If Trump loses, it will defy the data trend for the first time in the last 12 years since internet engagement began in full earnest,” Rai told CNBC. 
Hopefully, come November, anyone possessing a modicum of human intelligence will vote this artificial intelligence prediction into reality.

ARTICLE

You are here: Home / US / Hard Truth About Violence at Trump Rallies Hard Truth About Violence at Trump Rallies October 28, 2016  
Regan Pifer observes that when Hillary Clinton's supporters say they are with her , they must also mean that they lie for her . 
When no trouble exists, Clinton supporters create trouble. And say anything to cast a poor light on Trump and Trump supporters. 
Their foul play even extends to claims of physical violence towards women. 
The bad news for them (as it has been for Hillary) is that the truth always, eventually comes out. 
As reported by Breitbart : 
A woman who accused a Donald Trump supporter of punching her outside a Trump rally in North Carolina is backtracking after James O'Keefe and Project Veritas released video showing Democrat operatives claiming she was a trained activist. 
69-year-old Shirley Teter of Asheville now says it is possible that 73-year-old Richard L. Campbell merely touched her accidentally, as his attorney had claimed all along. 
Originally, Harris told local ABC News affiliate WLOS, 'He stopped in his tracks, and he turned around and just cold-cocked me.” She also added a pointed, rhetorical question — namely, whether 'people find a Trump supporter punching her in the face deplorable.” 
Now, however, Teter is changing her story rather dramatically. She told WLOS on Wednesday that 'it's possible that he could have struck her with his backhand.” 
O'Keefe's undercover video showed Democracy Partners consultant Scott Foval — who has since been fired — claiming that Teeter was a 'trained” political activist… 
…Facebook video of the altercation shows Campbell — who suffers poor vision as a result of cataracts — being led through a gauntlet of anti-Trump protesters by his wife. 
In the video, Teter then follows Campbell and appears to reach for his shoulder. His attorney told Breitbart News that he turned around after being touched, and Teeter then fell down. 
You want to know what is really deplorable, Teter? You serving as a lying minion for your lying queen. 
And the victim? A poor, older man with cataracts who just wanted to peacefully attend a rally. 
Maybe you weren't lying. Just confused? 
I understand how getting 'cold cocked” by an intimidating Trump supporter is essentially the same as picking a fight with a quasi- blind man and collapsing like you took a charge in the NBA. 
But how can we blame Teter? She teeters around the truth like the Hillz. 
If only we could catch all of Clinton's (and her supporters) lies on video. What a glorious day that would be.

ARTICLE

The Bundy brothers and their comrades were clearly guilty. 
They took over the national wildlife refuge, threatened violence if accosted, and wouldn't let anyone in. 
However, the Portland jury acquitted Bundy, his brother Ryan Bundy and five others of conspiring to impede federal workers from their jobs at the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge, 300 miles southeast of Portland. The jury could not reach a verdict on a single count of theft for Ryan Bundy. 
The charges were conspiring to impede federal workers from doing their jobs and that's exactly what they did. 
But in the end, the jury acquitted them . 
The jury wasn't dumb, or blackmailed or somehow brainwashed. They were sick and tired. 
Sick and tired of a bureaucracy in Washington that didn't listen to them. That dictated use of their lands from thousands of miles away with an iron fist. 
It was a classic case of jury nullification : where despite the evidence, the jury is so convinced that the laws are immoral or so wrongly applied that the accused must be set free. 
And so Ammon Bundy, his brother Ryan and their five co-defendants were found not guilty. Most of them were set free from the courtroom. Ammon faces charges in Nevada, so he is still being held. 
As the Associated Press reported it, even lawyers for the Bundys were shocked at the verdict: 
'It's stunning. It's a stunning victory for the defense,” said Robert Salisbury, attorney for defendant Jeff Banta. 'I'm speechless.” 
The U.S Attorney in Oregon, Billy J. Williams, issued a statement defending the decision to bring charges against the seven defendants: 'We strongly believe that this case needed to be brought before a Court, publicly tried, and decided by a jury.” 
This is what happens when the American people see an out-of-control Washington bureaucracy: They ignore them. They ignore the law and decide for themselves that no, these people shall be set free. 
While courts are reluctant to inform juries of their right to 'nullify,” that's exactly what they can do. 
Effectively, the jury nullifies a law they believe is either immoral or wrongly applied to the defendant, and that's what happened here. 
And it bodes well for America. Jury nullification sends a messages to prosecutors and lawmakers about their priorities and about what they see as harassing or abusive prosecutions. 
A professor at the University of Missouri at Kansas City wrote about how important the power of jury nullification really is: 
Juries clearly have the power to nullify; whether they also have the right to nullify is another question. Once a jury returns a verdict of 'Not Guilty,” that verdict cannot be questioned by any court and the 'double jeopardy” clause of the Constitution prohibits a retrial on the same charge. 
So whether the Bundy's antics were stupid or dangerous or just plain wrong, it doesn't matter. The Portland jury found that in this case – the seven defendants were to be set free because in our court system, a jury of their peers felt the government went too far . 
Yes, this is good news for America, for the people, for the rule of law and for the right of the people to object. To say: ' No. We will stand for this no longer.”

ARTICLE

 
With only ten days to go, Donald Trump appears to be surging with likely voters across the country. 
Despite an onslaught of negative coverage from all corners of the media, the Republican Presidential candidate has gained on Hillary Clinton in the latest poll from The Washington Post and ABC News. 
Hillary still holds a 48-44 percent edge over Trump, but that is up from 38 percent support for Trump in the last week alone, fueled by support is shoring up among political independents and hard-core Republicans. He has made up ground among white people – with a 30-point advantage among whites without a college degree, up from a 20 point advantage. 
Trump saw his biggest gains among political independents, favoring Trump by a 12-point margin in the latest tracking poll, 49 to 37 percent, after giving Clinton a narrow edge in late last week. Neither candidate has maintained a consistent lead among independent likely voters in Post-ABC polling this fall. 
Despite the surge in Trump's popularity, still six in ten voters expect Hillary Clinton to win anyway. The same poll found that only 30 percent thought Donald Trump would prevail. This plays into the Trump narrative that the vote is somehow 'rigged” in favor of Clinton and no matter how much support he has, Trump would never ascend to the presidency. 
Sizable minorities of likely voters express concerns about fraud and inaccuracy at the ballot box, though worries about both have declined in the past month. Fewer than four in 10 voters now say voter fraud occurs very or somewhat often (37 percent), down from 47 percent in early September. Studies of voter fraud have found that it is very rare. 
In a separate question, the share of voters saying they do not have confidence votes will be counted accurately dipped from 33 to 28 percent, while the percentage saying they are 'very confident” rose from 31 to 43 percent. 
Seven in 10 Trump supporters say voter fraud occurs at least somewhat often, including 34 percent who think it happens 'very often.” And Trump voters are split on whether votes will be counted accurately across the country, with 50 percent at least somewhat confident and 49 percent 'not too” or 'not at all” confident. 
While Trump voters' concerns about fraud and vote counting have not changed significantly since last month, Clinton supporters expressed growing confidence in the election process. The share of Democrats who are 'very confident” the vote will be accurately counted has grown from 45 percent last month to 70 percent in the new Post-ABC poll. And while more than 1 in 5 Democrats last month thought voter fraud occurs at least somewhat often, that has fallen to slightly more than 1 in 10 in this week's poll. 
The poll was conducted with a sampling of 1,775 adults and has a margin of error of plus-or-minus 2.5 percentage points.

ARTICLE

 
Oregon militia leaders Ammon and Ryan Bundy, along with several others, were acquitted on Thursday in relation to their 41-day standoff at a federal wildlife refuge in Oregon earlier this year, CNN has reported . Shaun King wrote in the New York Daily News that the acquittal was an example of 'white privilege.” 
Liberal race-baiters have jumped to the fore in the wake of the acquittal to make such claims without any understanding of the case. 
According to King, if these had been Black Lives Matter activists, they wouldn't have been acquitted. Neither would Muslim-American activists in King's racist world. 
King claimed that BLM protesters would be treated very differently: 
Imagine just for a moment that heavily-armed Black Lives Matter activists took over a federal building. It's doubtful that such a siege would last longer than a day. By and large, unarmed, non-violent peaceful black protestors are arrested on sight when they even block the entrance to a federal building. Many are still facing charges for such simple acts of civil disobedience to this very day and they did nothing like what the Bundy clan did in Oregon. 
Set aside the fact that King has no clue about what the Bundys did and why they did it — if he did he would understand why his comparison doesn't hold water — he also doesn't realize that we don't have to imagine much here in relation to BLM activists. 
Were BLM protesters 'non-violent” when they blocked major highways? How about when they beat an innocent white man? What about the rampant looting of innocent store owners in the wake of officer involved shootings? Then there are the police officers whose lives have been ruined, despite the fact that the shootings were found to have been justified, because race-baiters jumped to conclusions and incited violence to further their agenda. 
We see an enormous amount of lawlessness committed in the wake of officer-involved shootings that has nothing to do with the 'cause”— which is roundly debunked by the facts — but people like King still defend it. 
When a black man is killed by police, the police are condemned before the facts are in and even after it's shown that a particular shooting was justified. 
I wonder if King and other race-baiters cared as much when Oregon militia leader LaVoy Finicum was killed in an officer-involved shooting. That's not to say whether it was justified or not, but that never stops the racial grievance mongers from protesting and rioting, does it? What's the only difference there? Oh, Finicum was white. 
Here's what King had so say about how Muslim activists would be treated: 
Or imagine that an armed group of Muslim-American activists took over a federal building. I'm not talking about immigrants or people on the terrorist watch list, but just good, old fashioned American students who happened to be Muslims. Do you think they'd be allowed to continue their takeover for 41 days? Do you think they'd be acquitted at trial? Those young men would likely be taken to Gitmo. I'm not even kidding. 
Really? So that's why this country allows in refugees that we can't properly vet and refuses to monitor known radical mosques…because things are so biased against Muslims? 
Apparently King has never heard of things called hate crime laws or affirmative action — two things that represent the true 'systemic racism” plaguing this country. 
What kind of 'white privilege” did the more than 80 white people killed — including women and children — in the Waco siege have, Mr. King? 
People like King really do live in a fantasy land of alleged racism, that is self-imposed by their inability and/or unwillingness to critically think for themselves. Then again, there's a lot of money to be made in peddling racial division based on lies, so it certainly could be that as well… 

ARTICLE

 
Finally some good has come from disgraced former New York Congressman Anthony Weiner's disturbing sexting scandals — something that nearly makes up for the images burned into the brains of millions of Americans thanks to 'Carlos Danger” and his mongoose like strength… well, almost. 
The FBI announced on Friday that they were reopening their investigation into former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton's email scandal, and now we know that she has the investigation into Weiner's sexts with an underage girl to blame for it. 
The New York Times reported : 
Federal law enforcement officials said Friday that the new emails uncovered in the closed investigation into Hillary Clinton's use of a private email server were discovered after the F.B.I. seized electronic devices belonging to Huma Abedin, a top aide to Mrs. Clinton, and her husband, Anthony D. Weiner. 
The F.B.I. is investigating illicit text messages that Mr. Weiner sent to a 15-year-old girl in North Carolina. The bureau told Congress on Friday that it had uncovered new emails related to the Clinton case — one federal official said they numbered in the thousands — potentially reigniting an issue that has weighed on the presidential campaign and offering a lifeline to Donald J. Trump less than two weeks before the election. 
FBI Director James Comey referenced these emails in his letter to Congress announcing that the Clinton case had been reopened: 'In connection with an unrelated case, the FBI has learned of the existence of emails that appear to be pertinent to the investigation.” 
Comey wrote that while it was unclear how long it would take to conduct the investigation in light of the new information or whether or not it would prove to be 'significant,” he wanted to inform Congress of the development. He added: 
In previous congressional testimony, I referred to the fact that the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) had completed its investigation of former Secretary Clinton's personal email server. Due to recent developments, I am writing to supplement my previous testimony. 
At a New Hampshire rally, Donald Trump commented on the reopened investigation and even said that the election 'might not be as rigged” as he had thought it was. Trump went on to praise the FBI and the Department of Justice, who he said had the 'courage to right the horrible mistake that they made.” 
Well, we might not want to go that far yet. Hopefully Trump's optimism is correct, but I'm a bit more cynical. I'll believe that the wrong has been righted when I see it. 
Right now, I'm more apt to believe that the reopened investigation has an angle that is set to benefit Clinton. At this point, I find it hard to believe that anything is going to be done to actually hold Clinton accountable — not under the Obama administration and not after what we've seen. 
Time will tell, and hopefully my cynical side will be proven wrong.

ARTICLE

You are here: Home / US / New Poll Reveals The REAL REASON NFL Rating Are in The Toilet New Poll Reveals The REAL REASON NFL Rating Are in The Toilet October 28, 2016  
It probably won't come as a surprise to anyone why NFL ratings seem to be sinking this season. It's not because people are busy and have suddenly decided not to watch football. There are indeed several reasons, but the main reason seems to be due to the National Anthem protests by some NFL players. 
No one has an issue with any of these men protesting – it's called the 1 st Amendment – but people tune into football to forget about the daily grind and everything that's going on in the world for a couple hours a week and don't need to see some jackasses protesting AT WORK. 
Let's face it, you would probably get fired if you suddenly decided to protest during your work day while AT work. That's exactly what these guys are doing. They should wait until they are out of work, like the rest of the country, to protest. No one would take issue with that. 
From CBS Boston : 
A fresh poll from Seton Hall surveyed 841 adults across the U.S. Each respondent was asked to identify seven separate factors as a reason for the NFL ratings drop, allowing them to answer 'yes” or 'no” for each of them. The leading factor, according to the poll, was the national anthem protests, which scored 'yes” at a rate of 56 percent. 
Other answers also scored 'yes” at a high rate, including 50 percent of 'yeses” for coverage of the presidential election, 47 percent for the league's handling of domestic violence cases, 44 percent for the over-saturation of the market, 39 percent for increased interest in postseason baseball, and 33 percent for controversy over head injuries and player safety. 
Again, it's not about their right to protest. It's that they are protesting AT WORK and protesting in front of CUSTOMERS of their EMPLOYERS. Customers who pay their multi-million dollar salaries every year through watching the NFL; buying tickets to games and buying products of said teams. 
Forget the fact they are protesting for a bogus, communist-driven cause like 'Black Lives Matter.' The cause isn't even relevant, it's that they are doing it at work and interfering with their job – to entertain their customers. If you can't do the one job you're paid to do, you shouldn't have that job. 
And NFL ratings will continue to slide if these tools continue to fail at their job.

ARTICLE

 
Despite being acquitted by a federal jury Tuesday, Bundy brothers Ammon and Randy still remain in jail. 
The brothers, as well as a number of other co-defendants, were acquitted in the case involving the occupation of the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge. 
The band of ranchers and farmers had commandeered the refuge at the start of the year to protest what they felt was the illegal seizure of land by the federal government. 
After the standoff eventually ended in late January, federal prosecutors charged them with 'conspiring to impede federal workers from their jobs,” as reported by Fox News , but as Tuesday's news demonstrates, the charges did not stick. 
Sadly for the Bundy brothers, however, the story is far from over. 
It turned out that the Bundys still face charges in Nevada stemming from a previous standoff, this one at their father's ranch in 2014. Ergo, U.S. District Judge Anna Brown could not release them; instead she approved the U.S. Marshals' request to take them into custody. 
When the marshals attempted that, however, a scuffle broke out between them and Ammon Bundy's lead attorney, Marcus Mumford: 
After the verdicts were read, an attorney for group leader Ammon Bundy demanded his client be immediately released and repeatedly yelled at the judge. U.S. marshals tackled attorney Marcus Mumford to the ground, used a stun gun on him several times and arrested him. 
Mumford later explained to reporters what exactly had transpired: 
Also speaking with reporters, another one of Ammon's attorneys reportedly shared his belief that an acquittal would be achieved in the Nevada case as well. 
'When the jury here hears the whole story, I expect the same result,” attorney Daniel Hill reportedly told the Associated Press, adding that he intended to ask for 'client's release from federal custody pending trial in Nevada.” 
According to The Oregonian , the Bundy brothers' trial is set to begin Feb. 6, 2017. Their notorious father, Cliven Bundy, is slated to go on trial that day as well.

ARTICLE

You know what Hillary Clinton absolutely despises? Can't stand? Gives her migraines? 
Free speech and freedom of the press. 
And here's why: people might just say what they think about her. And….it's not good! 
*gasp!* 
Despite the team effort of the Clintons and CNN to censor any story line that cast Hillary in a negative light, well-known and informed individuals are standing up and speaking out. 
MSNBC's Chris Matthews is the latest to do so. 
According to Breitbart : 
Thursday on MSNBC's 'Hardball,” host Chris Matthews said, it's the Clintons' 'pattern” to raise money 'hand over fist” using the White House like a 'Motel 6” and that will not change if Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton wins in November… 
…'You know what I think? I'm going to be more judgmental than Beth who's a straight reporter. I'll make a judgment. Every time I watch a politician engage in a certain pattern of behavior before they go to the White House, they continue to engage in that pattern afterwards. People don't change because we swear them into the White House. They become that person big-time. And the Clintons were raising money like this hand over hand, hand over fist, back in 1996, using—we called it Motel 6. They were hoarding them in, pulling them in by train loads of contributors and then letting them sit in the Lincoln bedroom for a while and charging them by the hour. You can still vote for Hillary Clinton, but remember, you're getting this as part of the package, because that's been their pattern.” 
'People don't change because we swear them into the White House.” 
Let that sink in for just a moment. 
The Clintons will not shut down the Clinton Foundation; they will not stop using White House bedrooms as a Motel 6; they will not stop the horrific behavior they are best known for. 
C, after all, stands for corruption, conspiracy, and Clinton. 
The Clintons have never been serving for the public good but for the Clinton good. 
If the Clintons have their way, C will stand for censorship soon.

ARTICLE

 
GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump has been proven right once again. This time it has to do with a prediction he made about Democrat nominee Hillary Clinton's email scandal. 
On Friday, the FBI announced in a letter to Congress that they were reopening the Clinton email investigation in light of emails unearthed in their investigation of disgraced former New York Democrat Congressman Anthony Weiner's sexting an underage girl. 
On Aug. 29, not long after top Clinton aide Huma Abedin announced that she and Weiner were separating, Trump released a statement. 'Huma is making a very wise decision,” Trump said. 
'I only worry for the country in that Hillary Clinton was careless and negligent in allowing Weiner to have such close proximity to highly classified information,” he added. 'Who knows what he learned and who he told?” Trump, in July: "I don't like Huma going home at night and telling Anthony Weiner all of these secrets.” https://t.co/qICt22PfzM 
— Ryan Teague Beckwith (@ryanbeckwith) October 28, 2016 And once again Trump was right months ago about Hillary compromising national security by having ties to Anthony Weiner #CantStumpTheTrump pic.twitter.com/5GIBJJ4a2m 
— Jared Wyand 🇺🇸 (@JaredWyand) October 28, 2016 Trump on Weiner (back in July before Huma Abedin and Weiner separated) pic.twitter.com/GItJHH9hVr 
— Ashley Killough (@KilloughCNN) October 28, 2016 #tbt the first time Trump attacked Weiner at a campaign event was August 2015 https://t.co/YwGn1YnZUu 
— Ben Jacobs (@Bencjacobs) October 28, 2016 
The Washington Examiner reported : 
After the bombshell report about the FBI's reopened investigation first emerged Friday afternoon, the New York Times reported that the 'new emails” that have led investigators to take a second look at the case were discovered on devices seized from Abedin and Weiner's home during a separate investigation into Weiner's alleged sexting with a minor. 
Comey, in a letter to eight Republican congressional committee chairs, did not clarify what emails led him to revisit the Clinton case. He said only that investigators had recently briefed him on 'the existence of emails that appear to be pertinent to the investigation.” 
'And I agreed that the FBI should take appropriate investigative steps designed to allow investigators to review these emails to determine whether they contain classified information,” Comey wrote. 
Trump told a crowd in New Hampshire on Friday he hopes the FBI will 'right the ship” after the agency declined to indict Clinton in July, citing insufficient evidence of criminal intent. 
Trump has been proven right to the point that the mainstream media even had to admit how right he was. That's saying something. 
It will be very interesting to see what the FBI has found/will find in their investigation. The FBI certainly could be reopening the investigation to somehow help Clinton — perhaps there's an angle that makes this the better option — or maybe there is something so potentially damning that even they couldn't figure out a good way to bury it. That seems fairly unlikely, but it's hard to say. 
Once again, Trump has been proven right and that's largely because he gets it. Trump has called himself a 'common sense conservative” and the many times he's been proven right on the campaign trail, along with the many policy positions he's taken that show that he is in touch with Americans and has common sense, prove this label correct.

ARTICLE

Voter fraud is all too real — particularly so in Chicago, Illinois, where it seems dead Americans have been voting for decades. 
How many dead Americans? A lot. 
In fact, an investigation by local news station WBBM showed that '119 dead people have voted a total of 229 times in Chicago in the last decade.” 
Here are just a few examples: Susan Sallee, who died in 1998 but voted in 2010 … Victor Crosswell, who died in 1994 but has voted six times since his death … Floyd Stevens, who died in 1993 but has voted 11 times since his death … Earl Smith, who died in 1997 but has voted twice since his death … Tadeusz Cielsa, who died in 1998 yet managed to somehow cast a ballot in 2010 … 
Who the heck is going to vote next, huh — Abraham Lincoln, George Washington, JESUS!? 
This sort of voter fraud exists because state governments refuse to do their due diligence and remove deceased voters from their records. Susan Sallee's son would know. He claimed that despite having reported his mother's death numerous times, she still remains on the voter roll. 
'They're just not taking her off the rolls,” he said. 
Wonderful … 
Obviously, 119 dead Americans voting 229 times seems like a small number, correct? Multiply that by 35,000 cities and towns, as estimated by The National Map , and suddenly those 119 Americans and 229 votes transform into 4.165 million Americans and 8.015 million votes. 
See the problem? 
Of course, the easiest way to remedy this dilemma would be to simply implement voter ID laws across the board, thus making it nearly impossible for cheaters and frauds to cast ballots on behalf of deceased Americans. 
Unless the fraudsters were to look identical to the dead individuals whose identities they desire to co-opt, they would simply be out of luck. Case closed. 
Except that liberals keep fighting voter ID laws tooth and nail, trying their hardest to prevent such laws from taking hold across the nation. 
Why? Because they refuse to even acknowledge the existence of voter fraud, claiming instead that it 'is very rare” and 'nearly non-existent,” in the words of the liberal Brennan Center for Justice . 
Just like with every other issue that divides Republicans and Democrats, the left refuses to recognize the facts, which are that voter fraud is real, and voter ID laws represent a reasonable solution to this problem. 
Even worse, they have taken to outputting phony arguments such as this: 'Voter ID laws are racist!” 
Bull …

ARTICLE

You are here: Home / US / Biden Explains Why Hillary Set Up Her Email Server (This Doesn't Help Her) Biden Explains Why Hillary Set Up Her Email Server (This Doesn't Help Her) October 28, 2016  
Crazy Uncle Joe is at it again. Vice President Joe Biden, and potentially secretary of state should Hillary Clinton be elected (let that sink in for a minute), claimed that Clinton didn't understand 'the gravity” of using private servers to send and receive classified information as secretary of state. 
Social media users pointed out the obviously ridiculous nature of this defense, as many have throughout the whole email debacle. Clinton is either pathetically inept of dangerously corrupt — I'd argue that there's a lot of both in the equation. Both options mean that she should be behind bars and not running for president. Interviewed by @jdickerson for @FaceTheNation , @VP says @HillaryClinton didnt understand "the gravity" of setting up own e-mail system. pic.twitter.com/abIZ1f0kvO 
— Mark Knoller (@markknoller) October 28, 2016 So to quote Dave Chapelle: 'I'm sorry officer I … didn't know I couldn't do that." https://t.co/a1mLeOv0KL 
— Ben Howe (@BenHowe) October 28, 2016 
Ben Howe of Red State quoted comedian Dave Chapelle: 'I'm sorry officer I … didn't know I couldn't do that.” Ummm, she did it specifically to evade FOIA. I'm quite certain she "understood the gravity" https://t.co/nZK9EBQp27 
— The H2 (@TheH2) October 28, 2016 
Twitter user 'The H2” pointed out that Clinton very likely understood the gravity just fine; it's probably why she set up the servers in the first place. The H2 tweeted: 'Ummm, she did it specifically to evade FOIA. I'm quite certain she 'understood the gravity.” 
Absolutely. Clinton almost certainly set up the servers to 'evade FOIA,” and the inevitable failures/corruption (such as the pay-to-play operation) she would need to cover up as secretary of state. 
The thousands of emails deleted from Clinton's servers weren't just yoga schedules and wedding planning — the State Department admitted there were Benghazi-related emails in there. 
Clinton is responsible for the deaths of four Americans in Benghazi, Libya on Sept. 11, 2012, and it is almost a certainty that emails pointing to her involvement were scrubbed — in addition to what we already know that points to her responsibility. She understood "the gravity" she just thought she could "get away with it" #Corruption #draintheswamp #newsisback https://t.co/TrN0xUSbaX 
— Jesse Eaton (@landho69) October 28, 2016 
Jesse Eaton tweeted: 'She understood 'the gravity' she just thought she could 'get away with it.'” 
That about covers it. She knew what she was doing, but since she also knows where all the bodies are buried she gets to play by a different set of rules. 
We found out that President Obama, using a pseudonym, communicated with Clinton via her private email server — not her state.gov address — even though he claimed not to know about the servers until the scandal came out in the press. Why would he do that if he thought things were on the up and up and didn't know a thing about the private server? 
That might have been part of Clinton's insurance here as well. She may have figured that if she goes down, so does Obama. That would be pretty stupid considering Clinton found out where she sat on the totem pole in 2008, but no one ever said the woman was a genius. 
The FBI announced on Friday that it reopened the investigation of Clinton's email scandal, and hopefully Clinton will finally be brought to justice. Not likely, but who knows?

ARTICLE

You are here: Home / US / Politico Tries to Destroy Trump, But It Backfires IMMEDIATELY Politico Tries to Destroy Trump, But It Backfires IMMEDIATELY October 28, 2016 
Sometimes you want so desperately for something to be true, you print it in an article and dispense it for public viewing. 
Wait. That's not a saying at all. Hmmm… 
Well, that is what Politico must think and that's certainly what they did. 
You wonder why we can't trust liberal news media … 
According to The Blaze : 
Politico ran a story Thursday night that suggested that Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump's 'Trump Victory” fund had transferred no money to the Republican National Committee in the month of October. The actual truth is that Trump has transferred about $2.2 million so far this month, along with several hundred thousand dollars to various state committees. It is not clear what caused the error, but Politico's site now reads: 
This story has been corrected. An earlier version said the RNC did not receive any money directly from Trump Victory. POLITICO regrets the error. 
Of course, even that 'small” amount of money would seem shocking to Politico considering their candidate of choice flies around the world in a Boeing on charitable donations, kowtows to the wealthy for donations to the slush-fund, and only wears the finest of all pantsuits. 
Trump's funds may be small because, unlike the Hillz, he is not a part of the political establishment. 
Although the donations are 'anemic” this year, and come nowhere near the monstrous amount of dollars the Clintons are using to dupe Americans into standing with her, Donald Trump has a real chance at winning this election. 
Despite the attempts by the liberal media to silence real stories of Clinton corruption, despite the smoke and mirrors the Clinton campaign created to make Trump look like a monster, he's still in the fight. 
Let's take a lesson from Politico and continue to raise suspicions over liberal media sources. 
It is pretty bad that a press is so incredibly desperate to cast Trump in a poor light that they resort to flat out lies. 
Silly Politico , that's what Hillary does!

ARTICLE

You are here: Home / US / Thomas Sowell Delivers the BRUTAL Truth About Understanding Politics Thomas Sowell Delivers the BRUTAL Truth About Understanding Politics October 28, 2016 
C.E. Dyer writes that Bill and Hillary Clinton are generous people — that is, generous toward themselves. 
The Clintons are probably the world's most famous grifters and the Clinton Farce Foundation has proven to be a great cover for them. 
Bill and Hillary gave $1,042,000 to charity according to their tax return and $1 million of that went to, you guessed it, the Clinton Foundation. Of the $1,042,000 the Clintons gave to charity as listed on their return, $1 million went to the Clinton Foundation https://t.co/IuNXUGZBdC 
— Michael Tracey (@mtracey) August 12, 2016 @CounterMoonbat Which in turn is used to pay Chelsea her $900K salary. & leftists everywhere say "aren't they wonderful". We're so screwed. 
— Da Hack (@NoMoreSheepdog) August 12, 2016 
It's a pretty slick move: donate to your own charity and write it off on your taxes. One twitter user aptly called the Clinton Foundation 'their own slush fund.” 
As far as the money laundering comment goes, well, dirty money does need to get clean, you know, and Clinton Foundation money is dirty in more ways than one. 
First, it's a great way to make enough money to pay for Hillary's ugly designer clothes and Bill's girlfriends — not to mention that Chelsea needs a job; $600,000 at NBC only goes so far, you know. 
Second, the Clinton Foundation takes enormous amounts of money from countries with disgusting human rights abuses and all the Clintons have to do is a photo-op here and there to make it look like it's all about charity and whatnot. 
This fits perfectly with the Democrat Party, though — it doesn't matter what is, just what it looks like, and fortunately for them Democrat voters aren't the most discerning bunch. 
Apparently Clinton made $10.6 million in 2015…but hey, she's just like us! 
She's your neighbor down the street who can't climb the stairs, screams at everyone and gets away with massive fraud and has yet to be held accountable for the death of four Americans on her watch — not to mention the others that drop like flies around her. 
Then there's creepy, pervy, pathological liar uncle Bill, and their ne'er-do-well daughter Chelsea with questionable paternity — although that's probably a lot more common … 
Everyone's got neighbors like that right? 

ARTICLE

 
C.E. Dyer reports that President Obama claimed back in March of 2015 that he found out about former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton's private, unsecured email server the same way other Americans found out —' through news reports .” But WikiLeaks has released emails hacked from the account of Hillary Clinton's campaign chairman, John Podesta, that proved otherwise and may point to a big reason why the FBI let Clinton off the hook. 
'They know POTUS and HRC emailed,” Jennifer Palmieri, Clinton's communications director, wrote in a March 2015 email approximately a month before Clinton announced her presidential run. 
'Josh has been asked about that,” Palmieri continued, in reference to Josh Earnest, the White House press secretary. 
'Standard practice is not to confirm anything about his email, so his answer to press was that he would not comment/confirm,” Palmieri wrote. 'I recollect that Josh was also asked if POTUS ever noticed her personal email account and he said something like POTUS likely had better things to do than focus on his Cabinet's email addresses.” 
Better things to do, like golfing? Drawing red lines in the sand? Even if Obama had 'better things to do,” someone should have been concerned about cyber security and the fact that the secretary of state was using a private server. 
In the email exchange, Palmieri was discussing Obama's CBS statement with Clinton aide Phillippe Reines who suggested that they should warn the White House about the likelihood that Obama's statement to CBS would fall apart under scrutiny. 
'One of us should connect with the WH just so they know that the email will show his statement to not make sense,” Reines wrote. 'I'm happy to do so to Josh Earnest since Jen is in a weird position, unless Cheryl or John you want to (or already have) with someone else. But it's not unreasonable to assume that Josh is going to get asked how this was possible, and he should have the factset.” 
'Especially if it's some weird technical thing with the President's email setup that he doesn't see addresses,” Reines wrote. 
Some 'weird technical thing?” Must have been the Russians' fault, eh? The FBI found out, during their investigation of Clinton's use of private servers run out of her New York home, that Obama used a pseudonym to email Clinton on her home brew server. That's a big fat lie as part of a massive coverup, not some 'weird technical thing.” 
In another March 2015 email released by WikiLeaks, Podesta asked Clinton lawyer Cheryl Mills about emails between POTUS and Clinton: 'Think we should hold emails to and from potus?” 
'That's the heart of his exec privilege. We could get them to ask for that. They may not care, but I seems like they will,” Podesta wrote. 
Well, this revelation may have been a big reason why the Obama administration let Clinton off the hook — Obama himself was in on it.

ARTICLE

You are here: Home / US / After FBI Reopens Hillary Email Case Trump Supporters Chant 3 Brutal Words After FBI Reopens Hillary Email Case Trump Supporters Chant 3 Brutal Words October 28, 2016  
During a campaign rally in New Hampshire, Donald Trump supporters chanted 'lock her up” when Trump announced to the crowd that the FBI had reopened their investigation into former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton's mishandling of classified information. 
Trump told the Manchester, New Hampshire crowd, 'The FBI has just sent a letter to Congress informing them that they have discovered new emails pertaining to the former Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton's, investigation, and they are reopening the case.” 
In response, the crowd of around 2,000 people chanted 'lock her up.” Trump waited for the cheers to die down before he said, 'The rest of my speech was going to be so boring.” He asked the crowd, 'Should I even make the speech?” 
Trump added : 
Hillary Clinton's corruption is on a scale that we have never seen before. We must not let her take her criminal scheme into the Oval Office. I have great respect for the fact that the FBI and the Department of Justice are now willing to have the courage to right the horrible mistake that they made. 
As Breitbart reported , the focus of the day was supposed to be Obamacare and the enormous premium increases hitting Americans, but the FBI announcement changed things for not only Trump's speech, but maybe for the rest of the campaign. 
In light of the huge FBI announcement, advisers reportedly told Trump to skip the speech, but he said, 'I don't have the courage to skip the speech in New Hampshire.” 
Trump went ahead with his speech and touched on the major themes of his campaign, with bits about the FBI revelation sprinkled in. 
'Job-killing Obamacare is one more way the system is rigged. But with what I just announced, previously, it might not be as rigged as I thought, right? Right?” Trump said. 'The FBI, I think they are going to right the ship, folks. I think they are going to right the ship and they're going to save their great reputation by doing so.” 
We'll see if this investigation does anything to 'right the ship.” As FBI Director James Comey noted in his letter to Congress: 
Although the FBI cannot yet assess whether or not this material may be significant, and I cannot predict how long it will take us to complete this additional work, I believe it is important to update your Committees about our efforts in light of my previous testimony. 
This could all be one big smokescreen in an effort to somehow help Clinton, particularly if she should be elected president. It could also be something so damning that even Comey felt like he couldn't look the other way…which, given the cover-up and lack of indictment, that would really be saying something. 
Time will tell, of course, but at the very least this revelation is another blow to the Clinton campaign. It doesn't seem likely that an investigation will be completed before election day, so there will certainly be yet another cloud hanging over the corrupt campaign.

ARTICLE

You are here: Home / political cartoon / What Marketing Obamacare Really Looks Like [Cartoon] What Marketing Obamacare Really Looks Like [Cartoon] October 28, 2016  
C.E. Dyer reports that the disaster that is Obamacare is about to get worse for many people enrolled in the health insurance marketplace. On Monday, the Obama administration confirmed that premiums will skyrocket for many people next year, according to the Associated Press . 
The AP reported: 
Before taxpayer-provided subsidies, premiums for a midlevel benchmark plan will increase an average of 25 percent across the 39 states served by the federally run online market, according to a report from the Department of Health and Human Services. Some states will see much bigger jumps, others less. 
Moreover, about 1 in 5 consumers will only have plans from a single insurer to pick from, after major national carriers such as UnitedHealth Group, Humana and Aetna scaled back their roles. 
In some states, the premium increases are striking. In Arizona, unsubsidized premiums for a hypothetical 27-year-old buying a benchmark 'second-lowest cost silver plan” will jump by 116 percent, from $196 to $422, according to the administration report. 
But HHS said if that hypothetical consumer has a fairly modest income, making $25,000 a year, the subsidies would cover $280 of the new premium, and the consumer would pay $142. Caveat: if the consumer is making $30,000 or $40,000 his or her subsidy would be significantly lower. 
Larry Levitt, who follows the health care law for the nonpartisan Kaiser Family Foundation, said of the increases: 'Consumers will be faced this year with not only big premium increases but also with a declining number of insurers participating, and that will lead to a tumultuous open enrollment period.” 
Donald Trump's campaign spokesman, Jason Miller, said in a statement on Monday: 'This shows why the entire program must be repealed and replaced.” Miller added, 'While (Hillary) Clinton wants to expand the failed program known as Obamacare, Mr. Trump knows the only way to fix our nation's failing health care system is complete and total reform.” 
Reports have warned that this was coming down the pike for some time; however, HHS's confirmation ahead of open enrollment beginning Nov. 1 — one week before the election — is likely to cause major headaches for many people. 
This debacle is not unexpected either — it's exactly what President Obama and Democrat nominee Hillary Clinton wanted to happen. 
Obamacare was never the end goal. Rather, it was a stepping stone toward single-payer, government-run healthcare. That is a big reason why Obama wants Clinton to become president — his legacy is at stake. 
Obama's legacy is largely wrapped up in Obamacare and what it leads to. Clinton tried to push this first step during her time as first lady and failed, but the conditions will be ripe for her to go even further should she be elected. 
If Clinton becomes president, there's no doubt that her next step will be to move to single-payer healthcare. Obamacare is bad, there's no doubt about it, but single-payer government healthcare would be even worse.

ARTICLE

 
Regan Pifer reports apparently the White House can only distribute criticism and cannot receive it. Must be a problem with their shipping department… 
In a move that Putin or Kim Jong-un would admire, the White House issued a warning to Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump this week and told him First lady Michelle Obama is off limits. 
Where oh where did the First Amendment go? Oh where, oh where can it be? 
As reported by Newsmax.com : 
The White House sent a warning to Donald Trump Thursday: Attacking Michelle Obama is off limits. 
The first lady blasted Trump without actually naming him during a campaign speech for Democrat Hillary Clinton on Thursday. The White House followed up with its own message for the Republican presidential candidate. 
'I can't think of a bolder way for Donald Trump to lose even more standing than he already has than by engaging the first lady of the United States,” principal deputy White House press secretary Eric Schultz said on Air Force One… 
…Mrs. Obama's comments are some of the most forceful of a week in which scores of Republican leaders abandoned Trump… 
So, while First lady Michelle Obama condemns Trump's remarks, in an attempt to catapult Hillary Clinton to the White House, Trump is left with little alternative than to simply let her speak without defending himself. 
Ahhh, the freedom of censorship… 
As Michelle Obama told a packed audience of Trump's remarks, 'I can't stop thinking about this. It has shaken me to my core in a way I could not have predicted. I know this is a campaign, but this isn't about politics. It's about basic human decency.” 
Agreed. Basic human decency is letting someone respond to the comments you have made against them. 
But let's campaign for the Hillz–a compulsive, ill liar. 
Make egregious attacks against her opponent, then hide behind the First lady shield. 
That lacks human decency. That is politics.

ARTICLE

 
The 2008 Democrat presidential primary got ugly between then-Sens. Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton, but you'd never know it given the ridiculous display by the Obamas on the campaign trail. Fortunately, a pro-Donald Trump super PAC decided to remind America… and Hillary Clinton is not too happy about it. 
Buzzfeed reported : 
The Clinton campaign has sent cease and desist letters to at least four local television stations in Florida demanding they stop running an ad paid for by a pro-Trump Super PAC featuring First Lady Michelle Obama — even as the PAC is expanding its ad campaign in North Carolina. 
The ad, titled 'Can't Run Her House,” is being run through the Defeat Crooked Hillary PAC, a subsidiary of the Make America Number 1 PAC, which is backing Trump's campaign. 
During the 2008 presidential primary campaign, Michelle Obama said: 
One of the important aspects of this race is role-modeling what good families should look like. And my view is, if you can't run your own house, you certainly can't run the White House. You can't do it. 
Barack Obama laughably claimed that the comment wasn't about Clinton, but who else would it have been about? That's what liberals do, though; they just deny something ever happened or wasn't what it obviously was — and thanks to the biased mainstream media, they get away with it. 
Hogan Gidley, the PAC's spokesperson, said of the legal move by the Clinton campaign: 
Hillary's just angry because the ad is impactful, it's working and it speaks directly to the women she's been trying to con for years. Hillary's own campaign said when Michelle Obama speaks out, 'it has a real impact,” and indeed, we agree – because it was Mrs. Obama who correctly pointed out Hillary Clinton 'certainly can't run the White House.” 
Take a look at the ad below: 
You know, it really seems as if most Democrats are unable to just tell the truth. It looks pretty ridiculous for the Obamas to glowingly support Clinton and for Clinton to speak glowingly about the Obamas after the things they all said back in 2008. 
Part of the problem with Democrats is that they have the media in the tank for them, so they don't have to own up to anything. Besides, it's not like their moral compass, the ones that actually have one, would force them to do so. 
For the Clinton camp to resort to legal action over an ad that simply points out their hypocrisy is the height of absurdity. If you can't stand the heat, don't make deals with the devil … 

ARTICLE

You are here: Home / US / WATCH What this Trump Hater Just Did In His UNDERWEAR WATCH What this Trump Hater Just Did In His UNDERWEAR October 29, 2016  
Some guy in Wisconsin decided that he couldn't wait to put some clothes on before he torched a Trump/Pence sign… and it was all caught on camera by the homeowners. 
Kevin and Jane Leighty of Platteville, Wisconsin caught their angry neighbor on camera taking a blowtorch to their Trump/Pence sign in his underwear. Man wearing only his underwear takes blowtorch to his neighbors' Trump sign — and they caught it all on camera https://t.co/XxdHdjAveM pic.twitter.com/mwWFZAwlBI 
— NBC News (@NBCNews) October 26, 2016 
According to Jane Leighty, witnesses walked past the scene of the crazed man setting his neighbor's sign on fire and did nothing to stop him. 
Although I wouldn't recommend going near a crazy man with a blowtorch in his underwear, as Leighty noted, they didn't even have to — they could have just called the police. Instead, according to the homeowner, some even congratulated the man for his criminal activity. 
The people going by is what really hurts too that no one called the police just to say 'hey go check this out.” They didn't have to confront him. The two guys that come up and fist pumped him and go 'yeah alright!” Really? 
Leighty made it clear that she wasn't going to back down in the face of a crazed fool and some punks who think it's hilarious to set fire to someone's property: 
All we had was a little sign, you know, and if they're offended by it they should have probably left that one there because every time they take it down it's coming up bigger and better and the next one's going to be a billboard. 
Good for them. It's a sad state of affairs when you can't express your support of a candidate without someone vandalizing your property, but here we are. 
There have been numerous instances throughout the election cycle of Trump supporters having their yard signs vandalized and in some cases being physically and verbally harassed and/or threatened for their support of the candidate. 
Even with all these instances, the media has chosen to focus primarily on any incident they can dredge up at Trump rallies — which we now have confirmation, thanks to Project Veritas , that Democrat operatives incite via a tactic called 'birddogging.” 
These anti-Trumpsters — often liberals, although it's unclear what this man's political bent was for sure — have shown their true colors throughout this election cycle. They can't handle the fact that someone else may not think the same way they do, which is truly pathetic. 
Good for the Leighty's; it takes guts to stand up for your rights, and that's exactly what they are doing by not giving in to a crazed bully.

ARTICLE

You are here: Home / US / CA Dem Make Massive Move to DESTROY Rule of Law… Spread This EVERYWHERE CA Dem Make Massive Move to DESTROY Rule of Law… Spread This EVERYWHERE October 29, 2016 
Mediaite reported : 
California Democratic Attorney General Kamala Harris told a group of Hispanic supporters earlier this week that someone who has engaged in illegal immigration 'is not a criminal.” 
Harris is favored by a wide margin in Senate race in the deep blue state, but her Democratic opponent Loretta Sanchez has been polling better with Hispanics. Accordingly, The Sacremento Bee reports that Harris has been making a full-court press for the Latino vote in the final days of the election. 
The Bee reports that Harris' comment was not a one-off pronouncement, but has become a standard campaign line. Harris is also citing her work defending sanctuary cities and her work 'organizing legal services for unaccompanied minors during the Central American refugee crises.” 
The Left has been working feverishly for years to make the public believe that illegally entering this country isn't a crime, hence the word 'undocumented.” 
Liberals love to use the word 'undocumented” instead of the correct word, 'illegal.” But someone that doesn't go through the legal system to immigrate to this country isn't simply 'undocumented,” they are a criminal. 
Using the term 'undocumented” makes it seem as if it's just a simple oversight and not criminal activity. That argument wouldn't fly if you didn't file your taxes, and it shouldn't fly here either. 
I doubt it would go over too well if someone who didn't file their taxes for years claimed that they weren't tax evaders, but simply 'undocumented tax filers.” 
There's another claim also made by the anti-rule of law folks. Illegal immigrants can't be held responsible because the system is super hard! 
Well guess what, the tax system is all kinds of messed up, takes far too much money from Americans, and is extremely complicated — so can you use that same excuse applied to illegal immigrants for why you didn't file your taxes? 
Nope, legal Americans are held to a different standard. We're expected to pay for people who break our laws to come here and get welfare, food stamps, social security, Medicare/Medicaid, etc. 
We need the rule of law restored in this country, and we need a president that is going to put the interests of American citizens first. That's precisely what Donald Trump has proposed to do — and is the opposite of what Hillary Clinton has proposed. 
Let's hope that Americans see that on Nov. 8.

ARTICLE

 
From Sierra Marlee : Laws for thee, but not for me. 
The FBI's Hillary Clinton decision may just make it impossible to prosecute anyone caught in wrongful possession of classified information. 
For instance, let us look at the case of Petty Officer First Class Kristian Saucier, who was discovered to have taken pictures of the inside of a classified U.S. nuclear submarine. He is making a plea for leniency based on the fact that former-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton didn't see any jail time for getting caught in a similar situation. 
The 29-year-old man is to be sentenced Friday on the felony charge of 'retaining national defense information without permission,” according to Politico . 
While it is clear that being in violation of this law calls for a sentence of 63-78 months, Saucier's defense attorney claims that his client should only receive probation, based on precedent created by the FBI's decision to not indict Hillary Clinton, despite acknowledging that she was in possession of classified emails on her home server. 
'In our case, Mr. Saucier possessed six (6) photographs classified as 'confidential/restricted,' far less than Clinton's 110 emails,” Hogan wrote. 'It will be unjust and unfair for Mr. Saucier to receive any sentence other than probation for a crime those more powerful than him will likely avoid.” 
There are distinctions in the two cases – for instance, Saucier plead guilty to the charge, admitting that he knew his actions were illegal, and destroying evidence after being confronted about his possession of the classified photos. However, it is clear that his will not be the last case to cite Hillary Clinton's lack of jail-time as a reason for a criminal to go free. The FBI and federal government as a whole have opened up a can of worms that will potentially put all of America at risk. 
Will America be able to punish any federal employee or member of the military for gathering classified information, or with the FBI be forced to re-open the investigation into the Clinton server and recommend indictment of Hillary? 
This young man should absolutely go to jail for what he did, because he knew it was against the law, and I'm holding all federal employees to the same standard. There is no way one can become Secretary of State and not be told what the parameters and limitations are when exchanging classified information. 
If they choose to jail this man, but excuse the actions of the Clintons, there are going to be a lot of angry Americans come November, and it could potentially lead to a Trump presidency. 
Only time will tell.

ARTICLE

You are here: Home / US / Christian Pastor Jailed by Iran Reveals STUNNING Truth About Trump Christian Pastor Jailed by Iran Reveals STUNNING Truth About Trump October 29, 2016  
Christian pastor Saeed Abedini was jailed in Iran because of his faith for three and a half years. During that extremely difficult time, Abedini said that GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump met with his family and gave them $10,000. 
Abedini wrote about how Trump helped his family in a recent Facebook post and noted that he had already voted for Trump last week in early voting. 'I am finally free in a free country,” he wrote. 'Last year on the same day I was sick and in chains for Christ, and now I can vote to choose my next president.” 
'And most amazingly, I can vote for someone that I know fought for me and called my name so many times. He met my family and gave them a $10,000 gift. I think his ideas are more biblical than the other candidates.” 
In contrast, Clinton did nothing for him or his family: 
As a woman who says she stands for women's rights when she was foreign minister, she never contacted my mom, wife, sister or my daughter. She never did anything to help when I was in prison as an American pastor who was detained in Iran as a hostage. 
Christian Today reported : 
Abedini strongly defended Trump from attacks on his character, saying God used flawed men to lead nations in the Old Testament, likening him to King Cyrus of Persia, a figure mentioned more than 30 times in the Bible. According to Bible experts, Cyrus was a great pagan king who ruled Persia from 539 to 530 B.C. Under his rule, Jews were first allowed to return to Israel after 70 years of captivity. 
Abedini wrote: 
In the past few months, we have seen how media is attacking Donald Trump's past. I have even heard so many people said he is not a Christian. Of course, only God knows this for sure, but what I see is God is using him and anointed him. It seems to me that he is the Cyrus of our modern day, but like you and me, he is a flawed man, in the process of spiritual growth. 
When we hear that this candidate or that candidate is not a strong Christian or has a past that disqualifies him to be the President of the United States, my answer is that we are a nation, a people who are also sinners, saved by grace. 
How often do you hear about kind things Clinton has done for others like this? I can't think of any. Abedini's words are extremely powerful and certainly something anyone who is on the fence about Trump should read.

ARTICLE

You are here: Home / US / 6 Brutal Truths About Democrats The 2016 Election Has Revealed 6 Brutal Truths About Democrats The 2016 Election Has Revealed October 29, 2016  
Seth Connell reports that a new video released from Project Veritas provides evidence that Hillary Clinton herself worked in the operation to rig the election to ensure a win. 
This video is the third installment from Project Veritas, which has released two previous undercover videos showing Democratic operatives discussing highly unethical and illegal campaigning activities. 
The videos revealed such damaging information that two top Democratic operatives were released from their position; when people from the Clinton camp step down, you know it's bad . BREAKING: Rigging the Election – Video III: Creamer Confirms @HillaryClinton Involvement https://t.co/ozb1frZ7rR #Veritas @PVeritas_Action 
— James O'Keefe (@JamesOKeefeIII) October 24, 2016 
This third installment includes a shocking number of insights into how the Democratic Party has been running the Clinton campaign. Several of the most memorable quotes from the video include: 
'Nobody is really supposed to know about me.”-Aaron Black 
'So Brad, and Bob, and Lux, and myself are all part of the old school method where, it doesn't matter what the freakin' legal and ethics people say, we need to win this motherf**ker.” -Aaron Black 
(In regards to the 'Donald Duck” characters showing up at Trump events): 'Skalar [Clinton operative] had gone to some buddy of his who is one of her body people and she explained the idea to Hillary. And Hillary just loved it. Let me tell you something, I think she has the right instinct here. This thing is working, is resonating but that story is not exactly what you want to hear about how presidential decision-making happens.” -Robert Creamer 
The coordination between the Clinton Camp, the DNC, and Americans United for Change is a rather obvious violation of federal campaign finance laws regarding expenditures. DNC chair Donna Brazile was also involved in the coordination with the Clinton Camp as well. 
Additionally, Robert Creamer discussed why the Donald Duck idea had to be owned by AUFC and not by the DNC. 
'The duck has to be an Americans United For Change entity. This had to do only with some problem between Donna Brazile and ABC, which is owned by Disney, because they were worried about a trademark issue. That's why. It's really silly.” 
Later in the video Creamer revealed why that is the case: 
'Donna Barzile had a connection with them and she didn't want to get sued.” 
And finally, an explicit admission about Hillary's desires, straight from Creamer himself: 
'We originally launched this duck because Hillary Clinton wants the duck.” 
Watch the full video below: 
This certainly seems to be illegal campaigning, based on these videos. One of the interns even stated that there was a whole slew of reasons why responsibilities had to be divvied up, because the whole scheme was a mess. And why is that? Because they are violating campaign coordination law, so they have to. 
It's truly unbelievable. A plethora of revelations now show us how corrupt Hillary Clinton and the DNC are, yet there are still millions of people that support them. If these revelations continue, and they still support her, what can you really say? 
When corruption penetrates this deeply, and when the citizens still wholeheartedly back those who are driving the corruption, the country is in serious danger. 
God help us.

ARTICLE

You are here: Home / political cartoon / Why Polls Showing Hillary in The Lead Are Useless And Misleading [CARTOON] Why Polls Showing Hillary in The Lead Are Useless And Misleading [CARTOON] October 29, 2016  
Robert Gehl reports that with less than ten days to go, Donald Trump appears to be surging with likely voters across the country. 
Despite an onslaught of negative coverage from all corners of the media, the Republican Presidential candidate has gained on Hillary Clinton in the latest poll from The Washington Post and ABC News. 
Hillary still holds a 48-44 percent edge over Trump, but that is up from 38 percent support for Trump in the last week alone, fueled by support is shoring up among political independents and hard-core Republicans. He has made up ground among white people – with a 30-point advantage among whites without a college degree, up from a 20 point advantage. 
Trump saw his biggest gains among political independents, favoring Trump by a 12-point margin in the latest tracking poll, 49 to 37 percent, after giving Clinton a narrow edge in late last week. Neither candidate has maintained a consistent lead among independent likely voters in Post-ABC polling this fall. 
Despite the surge in Trump's popularity, still six in ten voters expect Hillary Clinton to win anyway. The same poll found that only 30 percent thought Donald Trump would prevail. This plays into the Trump narrative that the vote is somehow 'rigged” in favor of Clinton and no matter how much support he has, Trump would never ascend to the presidency. 
Sizable minorities of likely voters express concerns about fraud and inaccuracy at the ballot box, though worries about both have declined in the past month. Fewer than four in 10 voters now say voter fraud occurs very or somewhat often (37 percent), down from 47 percent in early September. Studies of voter fraud have found that it is very rare. 
In a separate question, the share of voters saying they do not have confidence votes will be counted accurately dipped from 33 to 28 percent, while the percentage saying they are 'very confident” rose from 31 to 43 percent. 
Seven in 10 Trump supporters say voter fraud occurs at least somewhat often, including 34 percent who think it happens 'very often.” And Trump voters are split on whether votes will be counted accurately across the country, with 50 percent at least somewhat confident and 49 percent 'not too” or 'not at all” confident. 
While Trump voters' concerns about fraud and vote counting have not changed significantly since last month, Clinton supporters expressed growing confidence in the election process. The share of Democrats who are 'very confident” the vote will be accurately counted has grown from 45 percent last month to 70 percent in the new Post-ABC poll. And while more than 1 in 5 Democrats last month thought voter fraud occurs at least somewhat often, that has fallen to slightly more than 1 in 10 in this week's poll. 
The poll was conducted with a sampling of 1,775 adults and has a margin of error of plus-or-minus 2.5 percentage points.

ARTICLE

 
Attorney General Loretta Lynched promised this July that she would press charges against Hillary Clinton if recommended by the FBI. 
As more details emerge regarding Clinton's use of a private server during her time as Secretary of State, and a new investigation by the FBI opening only days before the election, Lynch's promise has taken on renewed significance. 
The Daily Caller reports: 
The New York Times reported Friday that the emails were obtained from a device belonging to either longtime Clinton aide Huma Abedin, or her estranged husband, former Democratic congressman Anthony Weiner, who is under investigation for sending illicit text messages to a 15-year-old girl. 
So far, Lynch has remained silent on Comey's announcement regarding the newly discovered emails. 
Lynch was the subject of public scrutiny after it was revealed that she and Bill Clinton met for 30 minutes on an airplane runway at the end of June. 
Lynch admitted that the meeting 'cast a shadow” over the investigation, before making her promise to accept the FBI's recommendations. 
When the FBI requested to open up a public integrity investigation into the Clinton Foundation, however, the Department of Justice (which is headed up by Lynch) declined, claiming there was insufficient evidence to open an investigation. 
New details have already emerged that prove relevant to the FBI's investigation of Hillary Clinton. That, in fact, is why the case was re-opened yesterday. 
If those new details prove particularly damning for Hillary, the FBI could very well recommend criminal charges against the former Secretary of State and current Democratic nominee for president. 
Worse yet, that FBI recommendation could come before the election. 
Whether or not she intends to keep the promise she made four months ago, the spotlight will certainly then fall on Lynch to act and act fast. 
What she'll do next is anyone's guess. 
But keep in mind Lynch is an Obama appointee. And if history is any indication, when given the choice between doing what is right and doing what is not right, Obama and his friends will choose the latter option every time. 

ARTICLE

 
The FBI is reopening the criminal investigation into Hillary Clinton's email case. 
The news came while Clinton was without WiFi on a flight to an Iowa campaign stop, so while reporters hurled questions at her upon landing, all Clinton could muster was the old smile-and-wave. 
Later, after collecting her thoughts, Clinton faced national reporters eager to hear her reaction and declared that the FBI needs to explain their behavior against her. 
'We are 11 days out from perhaps the most important national elections of our lifetimes,” Clinton said . 'Voting is already underway in our country. So the American people deserve to get the full and complete facts immediately.” 
Like so many others who've jumped to defend her after FBI Director James Comey announced there would be an investigation into newly uncovered emails, Clinton claimed that the FBI should have kept their mouths shut until after the election. 
There's an election going on, after all. 
And Clinton thinks it's 'perhaps the most important national election of our lifetimes” because she thinks her opponent isn't fit to lead. 
If the FBI investigates her, they're disturbing the nation. They're disrupting the election. While many voters believe candidates for president ought to be held to the same standards as anyone else, and the truth can only help Americans make the right decision in the polls, Clinton thinks the FBI was wrong to announce the latest uncover to the public. 
Typical of someone who has so much to lose for having done so much wrong. 
Perhaps her continual insistence that she is above the law for one reason or another is why there's been so much backlash already. 
Independent Journal Review reports: 
In Wisconsin and Minnesota , there are already reports of voters coming back to their polling offices to change their votes. And in Maine, the Secretary of State has allowed voters the option of switching votes in past elections. 
The fallout could be intense, as the polls have tightened dramatically in recent days. Tracking the same ABC/WaPo poll that had Hillary Clinton up four points earlier this week shows them within just two points on Saturday: 
It's clear that Clinton is rapidly losing supporters as the election draws near, while Trump is gaining. 
If Clinton believes that being a presidential candidate in a close election should excuse her from investigation, what will she think her role as president would grant her? 
If current trends continue, she might not get that chance. 
Independent Journal Review continues: 
The national polls aggregated by Real Clear Politics have the spread at 3.8 points. The battleground states of Florida , Arizona , and North Carolina are down to thin margins for Hillary Clinton, and Trump has the lead in Iowa , Georgia , and Ohio . Trump still trails by a significant, but not insurmountable, margin in Pennsylvania and Virginia . 
Be sure to let us know what you think, and sound off in the comments below.

ARTICLE

You are here: Home / US / DISGUSTING Evolution Of Political Correctness From 200 To 2016 DISGUSTING Evolution Of Political Correctness From 200 To 2016 October 29, 2016 
C.E. Dyer reports a so-called Christian humanist said one of the most ignorant and dangerous things that has probably ever been said regarding radical Islam and Christianity — that fundamentalist Christianity is more dangerous than radical Islam. 
The Chicago Maroon reported : 
A leading humanist scholar stressed symbolic Bible reading and warned of the radical right at a talk on Tuesday at the Seminary Co-Op. 
For Catherine M. Wallace, faculty member at Northwestern's Feinberg School of Medicine and author of the recently concluded book series Christian Humanism and the Moral Imagination , the Christian fundamentalist movement in the United States is more dangerous than Islamic terrorism. Wallace, a Christian herself, believes fundamentalist access to United States armaments is the number one threat to state security. 
Wallace said, 'If [anything Islamic] wanted to attack an American city, they had to hijack an airliner. If they want to blow up a concert, they need to put bombs on their own children and send young men in to kill themselves… that kind of radicalism [Christian fundamentalism] in control of nuclear codes was a much, much greater threat.” 
'The religious right in its most contemporary form has an origin in Southern opposition to desegregation and to the Civil Rights Movement… a transparently racist appeal,” her ignorant interpretation of the 'religious right” continued. 
Wallace claimed that the literal interpretation of the Bible is problematic and that 'nobody in the ancient world would have read the Bible literally.” She added that, 'Christian fundamentalism is a malignant form of Christianity.” 
This is what passes for a scholar in America. Scary, isn't it? Even scarier than that is what radical Islamists are doing around the world. 
Beheading, rape, crucifixion, torture, and more are all being carried out by radical Islamists around the world, but that can't get in the way of the liberal attempt to tear down Christianity in America. 
See, people like Wallace can get away with this kind of pseudo-intellectual garbage because fundamental Christians are nowhere near as bad as radical Islamists, and even people like Wallace probably know that on some level. 
I doubt Wallace is going to take a flight to the Middle East and try to have a discussion with radical Islamists about how abhorrent their interpretation of Islam is, because she wouldn't last too long. 
Now, Wallace might argue that she was talking about the threat in this country, but that doesn't hold water. Radical Islam is coming to America and is already here. There are radicalized mosques in this country that we can't properly monitor because of political correctness. 
Hey, maybe Wallace should have her next conversation at one of the radicalized mosques in this country and see how that goes over. Good luck!

ARTICLE

 
An internal letter to FBI employees from Director James Comey has just been leaked. 
The memo reveals some startling information that Democrats, and the liberal media, certainly would have preferred to keep hidden from the public. 
Among other things, we've learned that Comey believed the election required full disclosure regarding the ongoing investigation into Hillary Clinton's email scandal. 
Here is the full text: 
To all: 
This morning I sent a letter to Congress in connection with the Secretary Clinton email investigation. Yesterday, the investigative team briefed me on their recommendation with respect to seeking access to emails that have recently been found in an unrelated case. Because those emails appear to be pertinent to our investigation, I agreed that we should take appropriate steps to obtain and review them. 
Of course, we don't ordinarily tell Congress about ongoing investigations, but here I feel an obligation to do so given that I testified repeatedly in recent months that our investigation was completed. I also think it would be misleading to the American people were we not to supplement the record. At the same time, however, given that we don't know the significance of this newly discovered collection of emails, I don't want to create a misleading impression. In trying to strike that balance, in a brief letter and in the middle of an election season, there is significant risk of being misunderstood, but I wanted you to hear directly from me about it. 
Jim Comey 


We've really got to hand it to Comey in this case. By all appearances, he decided to move quickly on this matter not in spite of , but because of the election. 
Now, the truth might turn out to be quite different from this take on things, but for right now, our judgments should be based on the reliable information at hand. 
And as it stands, Comey seems by all appearances to be genuinely interested in getting to the bottom of this Hillary email mess BEFORE the election, if at all possible. 
That's admirable, especially coming from a public official. 
We'll just have to wait to see what comes from it, and if Director Comey will stick with his guns. 
The survival of American democracy may depend on it.

ARTICLE

Vice Presidential nominee Tim Kaine reveals that he thinks it's 'very troubling” that the FBI told the press that they are taking a look at some recently released Clinton emails to determine relevancy to her case. 
Kaine believes that to do so this close to the election is inappropriate. 
Breitbart reports: 
During a portion of an interview set to air on Friday's 'VICE News Tonight” on HBO Democratic Vice Presidential nominee Senator Tim Kaine (D-VA) reacted to the FBI's announcement that it is taking another look at his running mate Hillary Clinton's emails by saying that doing this 11 days before the election without 'many details, but details are apparently being given by the FBI to the press, this is very, very troubling.” 
Kaine said, 'When you do this 11 days before a presidential election, and you don't provide many details, but details are apparently being given by the FBI to the press, this is very, very troubling, and we hope that the director, and we really think that he should, give a clearer accounting of exactly what's going on.” 
So the FBI should have kept it a secret until after the election, if you want Kaine's opinion. Sounds EXACTLY like the type of guy we want one breath from the presidency, right? 
And what exactly does Kaine mean by saying that the FBI 'isn't providing many details, but details are apparently being given”? 
This may sound inappropriate to Kaine, because anything that isn't positive about Clinton is inappropriate. 
Of course, it would be another matter altogether if this was about Trump.

ARTICLE

 
New evidence appears to detail how earlier this year, hackers stole more than 50,000 emails from Hilary Clinton's Campaign Chairman, John Podesta. 
Labeled by the Clinton campaign as an attack by Russians to disrupt the US election, it seems the hack was the result of a bogus password reset scheme. 
NYPost reports: 
The hackers sent John Podesta an official-looking email on Saturday, March 19, that appeared to come from Google. It warned that someone in Ukraine had obtained Podesta's personal Gmail password and tried unsuccessfully to log in, and it directed him to a website where he should 'change your password immediately.” 
Podesta's chief of staff, Sara Latham, forwarded the email to the operations help desk of Clinton's campaign, where staffer Charles Delavan in Brooklyn, New York, wrote back 25 minutes later, 'This is a legitimate email. John needs to change his password immediately.” 
But that 'legitimate” email, wasn't so authentic. 
They were later leaked to WikiLeaks, and are being put on public display one email dump at a time. 
NYPost continues: 
The link to the website where Podesta was encouraged to change his Gmail password actually directed him instead to a computer in the Netherlands with a web address associated with Tokelau, a territory of New Zealand located in the South Pacific. The hackers carefully disguised the link using a service that shortens lengthy online addresses. But even for anyone checking more diligently, the address — ' google.com-securitysettingpage ” — was crafted to appear genuine. 
[…] It is not immediately clear how Podesta responded to the threat, but five months later hackers successfully downloaded tens of thousands of emails from Podesta's accounts that have now been posted online. The Clinton campaign declined to discuss the incident. Podesta has previously confirmed his emails were hacked and said the FBI was investigating 
Clinton staffers should be more careful about what is a legitimate link and what is not. 
And Hillary herself should be more careful about what she says in them. 
For Hillary, nothing's worse on public display than the truth.

