ARTICLE

License DMCA 
Leading protests and stirring up trouble in the Senate might be all that's left for Bernie Sanders to do in contesting Hillary Clinton's administration if, as many expect, it deviates from her public embrace of some Sanders positions if and when she becomes President. 
"I won't stay silent if Clinton nominates the same old, same old Wall Street guys," Sanders said this week. "The leverage that I think I take into the Senate is taking on the entire Democratic Party establishment, and, you know, taking on a very powerful political organization with the Clinton people. We won 22 states and 46 percent of the pledged delegates, 13.4 million votes ... and a majority of the younger people, the future of the country. ... That gives me a lot of leverage, leverage that I intend to use." 
Looking forward to Clinton's expected election on Nov. 8, the 75-year-old Vermont senator said he's begun to draft some of his planks that were accepted into the Democratic platform into legislation: on climate change, minimum wage and breaking up big banks. But given what we now know about what the Clinton machine thinks of him, it's debatable how much leverage he'll have. 
It's not hard to imagine Sanders contemplating what could have been as he sees the two most unpopular candidates in modern history beset by ever deepening scandals: Clinton from Wikileaks revelations and Trump from exposure of alleged sexual misconduct. 
Sanders now knows for certain how the Democratic National Committee undermined his candidacy when it was supposed to remain neutral. And he knows from Wikileaks' disclosure of Clinton's Wall Street speeches, which he repeatedly demanded that she make public, how cozy she is with plutocrats. - Advertisement - 
A Third-Party Run 
In the context of these revelations, is it not reasonable to assume that if Sanders had taken Jill Stein's offer to head the Green Party ticket that such a team would have gotten 15 percent in the polls and a place at the debates? Wouldn't Sanders's presence at the debates have given an alternative to voters who detest both Trump and Clinton and at least a chance to build a viable third-party movement? Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders in New Hampshire on July 12, 2016. License DMCA 
Sanders said he supports Clinton because an independent or a third-party run could have handed the election to Trump. "I don't want to end up like Ralph Nader," Sanders told journalist Chris Hedges. Nader is blamed for handing the 2000 election to George W. Bush over Al Gore with his Green Party run, which kept the vote in Florida close enough for Bush, with the help of five Republicans on the U.S. Supreme Court, to claim its electoral votes and thus the presidency. [For how a full Florida recount would have given Gore the White House, see Consortiumnews.com's " Gore's Victory " and " So Bush Did Steal the White House. "] - Advertisement - 
But it is questionable whether Sanders would have divided the Clinton vote to make Trump president. Millions of angry voters from an eroding middle class could have supported Sanders instead of Trump. In other words, Sanders could have taken away just as many and perhaps more votes from Trump, as both were insurgency candidates against the Establishment's choice. 
Sanders who hasn't even a whiff of corruption about him might well be soaring above both of them in the polls by now. 
It also appears that Sanders made his decision to support Clinton almost wholly based on domestic issues, which he focused nearly exclusively on during his primary campaign. On immigration, climate change, gun control and a number of other issues, Sanders aligns with Clinton rather than Trump. 
And, Sanders rightly feared Trump's xenophobia, Islamophobia, misogyny, racism and demagoguery. But Sanders overlooked Trump's conciliatory approach toward Russia and Clinton's warmongering on Syria and her open hostility toward Russia. Given Sanders's accurate critique of Clinton's fondness for "regime change" wars, a Sanders's victory would have likely offered a greater hope for peace. 
In other words, Sanders had an historic opportunity and, arguably, an obligation in the face of the ruin of the American middle class and the danger of looming global conflict, but he failed to seize it. He either did not take seriously or failed to understand the urgency of the situation. He talked about a "revolution" to upend the status quo but ended up supporting a status quo candidate for President.

ARTICLE

License DMCA I would never vote for either Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton, and therefore have no dog in this fight. That said, I am an interested spectator, and clearly see that Ms. Clinton is playing a very dangerous game by using the Russians as an election issue and blaming them for everything. When asked about her leaked e-mails in the last debate, she skillfully avoided the damaging content of the e-mails, and turned the table on the Russians, claiming they are the danger. She argued we should all be alarmed at the attempt by Russia to manipulate our election, a charge which is totally untrue, and without any evidence. The leaked DNC e-mails clearly show that she and the DNC, not Russia, were successful in manipulating the election to defraud Sanders. Ms. Clinton lied about US intelligence agencies. She lectured Trump, saying 17 intelligence agencies said the Russians were behind the Wikileaks release of DNC emails. That is a lie on several counts. First, 15 agencies never said a word about leaked e-mails. Only two said anything, and this is what they said: The hacks "are consistent with the methods and motivations of Russian-directed efforts. These thefts and disclosures are intended to interfere with the US election process. Such activity is not new to Moscow -- the Russians have used similar tactics and techniques across Europa and Eurasia, for example, to influence public opinion there. We believe, based on the scope and sensitivity of these efforts, that only Russia's senior-most officials could have authorized these activities." Read it again. That's a far cry from saying the Russians did it, and here is the proof. To this day no one knows who leaked the e-mails to Wikileaks. No one. Clinton's using Russia as a political scapegoat is very dangerous. At a time when there is bad blood between the two thermonuclear powers, it is irresponsible, and demonstrates a callous lack of judgement to falsely accuse Russia of such a deed without the slightest bit of proof for purely political reasons. Provoking the Russians for political reasons speaks volumes about Ms. Clinton. Perhaps the moderator should have asked Ms. Clinton: Has the US ever attempted to influence another nations election, or have you Ms. Clinton, in your capacity, ever tried to influence another nations election? Trump, not a quick thinker, should have attacked Clinton, asking: Are these the same intelligence agencies that lied about WMD in Iraq resulting in over one million useless deaths? Another well founded accusation against her candidacy is her eagerness to make war. She supported the illegal war on Iraq which killed millions of innocents. She pushed and continues to push for the 15-year war in Afghanistan. She supported "the surge" in Afghanistan, a total failure. She assisted the overthrow of the democratically elected government of Honduras by supporting the military and a dictator. - Advertisement - She was the one of the primary architects of the Libyan debacle, which led to the bombing and total disintegration of Libya. It is now the leading terrorist breeding ground in Africa. It was Clinton who took on Cabinet members who argued against military intervention in Libya. She had her way. Result; utter disaster! Ms. Clinton never saw a war she did not want to avoid. But now she is playing with fire. Russia has made it clear that they will not tolerate another Iraq in Syria. They will support the Assad regime and not allow the US to overthrow yet another Middle Eastern government. Russia insists the US is intentionally trying to promote anarchy in Syria by destroying the country, maintaining brutal sanctions that only harm innocents, and giving "moderates" heavy weapons to help bring down Assad. Russia has drawn a line in the sand, and Ms. Clinton is showing a severe lack of judgment in provoking and blaming them for all that ails the world. She has even compared Putin to Hitler, which historically, is tantamount to declaring war. Manuel Noriega was called Hitler, Saddam Hussein was called Hitler, Muammar Gaddafi was called Hitler. The pattern is clear. Vilify the enemy and attack. Ms. Clinton, we are told, is intelligent. Her actions indicate she is either stupid, or she has no sense of sane judgment, or both. She has called for a No-Fly Zone in Syria, which General Dunford, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff said, would mean war with Russia and Syria. As Secretary of State Ms. Clinton's job was to maintain peace, not start a war. She was not interested in peace as Secretary of State, but did start wars, and added fuel to the many we are currently fighting. She compared Putin to Hilter. No respectable Secretary of State, the nation's chief diplomat, would call another world leader Hitler. Nor does the Chief Diplomat look for and argue for war, by shouting down all who wished to avoid war in Libya. What is even more alarming is that mainstream media has followed their leader, Ms. Clinton, in demonizing Russia. The press has lost its way and is merely an echo chamber for Ms. Clinton and her neocon supporters who are vengeful, militaristic, and bombastic. - Advertisement - In conclusion, take note of those who have rallied to her cause. Numerous war mongers from the past. They smell war, and like the smell of death. They want to escalate the conflict with Russia. Over 50 of those who brought you the War in Iraq, have pledged their fealty to the Warrior Queen. Her past war record, combined with a complete lack of judgment, and surrounding herself with war crazy neocons, make a recipe for thermonuclear war. Of course, MSM has kept the public totally in the dark about the impending day of doom, and most don't even see it coming. As a spectator, and one who would like to avoid a nuclear confrontation with Russia, I now maintain Clinton is far more dangerous to the world's future than Trump, even though he is woefully unfit. Thankfully there is a sane alternative candidate.

ARTICLE

License DMCA 
The play develops with the .1% quarterback doing a reverse pivot (causing the progressive linebackers to hold their position instead of rushing to sack the QB), faking a quick toss to the left outside, where only the down ballot players are located, turns and runs toward the right, threatening to keep the ball, pitch it to Icame/HenowDed or throw downfield to MSM. 
MSM does one hell of a fake job getting the gullible and other gatekeepers to concentrate on stopping the OrangeOne, while the down ticket no names streak down the left side of the field in a space created by sleight of hand of the .1%. Many in the crowd could see what was developing, but they were mesmerized and sickening quiet as the .1% dollars reverse flowed to those down ticket of Orange the Dickless. Barrel of Dollars from the Quantitative Facilities. License DMCA - Advertisement - 
I have no right to complain even though I suspected a trick play as the .1% came up to the line. Why would the.1% risk having a blabber mouth plant the idea that NATO had outlived its usefulness? Or that the trade deals were a bunch of crap for the 99.99%, certainly the 50%? No, it would not have been prudent. The .1% is not yet prepared to go for total population control this early in their Plan that a Trumpet presidency would cause: riots in the American cities and countryside and the resulting roll out of permanent martial law and surveillance. Their plate was full and their cup runneth over with the likes of a failed coup in Turkey for whom they and their western cohorts must pay the chump change of a couple of billion dollars in extortion demanded by Erdogan or face his unleashing of leased terrorists in European cities. Yes their bloody hands were full from bombed and drone attacked civilians in funeral processions, and UN humanitarian convoys, patients, doctors and nurses in hospitals one of which where those anti-globalist doctors without borders were aiding the sovereign government, droning on and on to Libya, Yemen with a drone strike here and there, keeping a peering eye on Mo-uglies friends in Mogadishu, trying to pave a road to Tehran, while prepping the former Russian protectorates for turmoil and division, aka The Stans, and talking smack to the Russians about the Crimea, as they move to conduct war execercises in Poland and place missile systems in not only Poland but Romania all the while letting the Chinese know that they are pivoting toward them with Australia and the Philippines in tow -- That's a lot all right. I could have edumacated myself about who was running down ticket and yelled and screamed and organize but I was too focused on the fact that the .1% was so obvious that everyone would know to vote downtown to throw out the .1% cronies. 
Unfortunately the .1% has a deep bench, and the defense was unprepared. Sucked in by the expectation that the court of referees would throw yellow flags against the .1% for voter interference, personal fouls, holding and widespread unsportsmanlike conduct of the Clinton primaries, I now watch in disbelief as the refs picked up their god damn flags and put them back into their pockets with only seconds left, while the .1% cronies stroll down field pushing barrels of quantitatively eased dollars to win over the brain dead including those with no brains. 
I don't think I can stuff any more allegory into this sports analogy, I could talk about the after game show, arm chair quarterbacking by the losing team, but by now I think you have got the freakin picture. 
Perhaps someone would like to take a crack along similar lines of the big bad wolf huffing and puffing? We can leave any time we want, so don't cry for us. License DMCA 
So to all those including myself, as I step up from my soap box to my high horse, tanks a lot"no really. Tank you very, very much. If we are alive four years from now, perhaps we will remember what happened this tiime and be prepared -- nah, ain't gonna happen, our memories will be wiped or our heads chopped off.

ARTICLE

License DMCA 
When Tom Hayden died on Oct. 23, we lost a courageous warrior for peace and equality. Hayden was on the front lines of nearly every major progressive struggle for more than 50 years. Vilified by the Right and at times criticized from the Left, Hayden remained steadfast in his commitment to social, economic and racial justice. 
An activist, political theorist, organizer, writer, speaker and teacher, Hayden was a Freedom Rider in the South during the 1960s; a founder of Students for a Democratic Society; a leader of the anti-Vietnam War movement; a community organizer; a negotiator of a gang truce in Venice, California; the author of more than 19 books; and an elected official in California for nearly two decades. 
"Tom made important contributions as a writer and a political leader, but his greatest strength was as a visionary strategist," said Bill Zimmerman, who worked with Hayden in the Indochina Peace Campaign and later managed his 1976 U.S. Senate campaign. "Tom was able to see far over the political horizon, and was then able to create and lead political movements that were often ahead of their time. Whether it was radical opposition to war or mainstream support for candidates, progressive ballot initiatives and necessary legislation, he was a true leader, clay feet and all." 
The Indochina Peace Campaign (IPC), founded in 1972 by Hayden and Jane Fonda, who became his wife the following year, was a traveling road show that opposed the war in Vietnam, Cambodia and Laos. Daniel Ellsberg, whose leak of the Pentagon Papers helped to end the war, traveled with Fonda, Holly Near and others for two weeks, speaking around the clock against the war. 
According to Ellsberg, IPC was instrumental in ending the war. While some in the organization took to the road to organize opposition to the war, others lobbied Congress to cut the funding for combat operations. Although the Paris Peace Accord was signed in 1973, many, including Ellsberg, knew the war was not over. - Advertisement - 
Secretary of State Henry Kissinger was pressuring President Richard Nixon to restart the bombing. Congress cut the funding in 1975 and the U.S. war in Vietnam finally ended. 
"IPC was a model of grassroots activism and lobbying," Ellsberg said. 
Hayden was steadfast in his opposition to the Vietnam War. He made several trips to North Vietnam, calling attention to the U.S. bombing of civilians. On one trip, at the request of the North Vietnamese government, Hayden returned to the U.S. with American prisoners of war. Since the U.S. government refused to recognize the government in Hanoi, the Vietnamese would only release the prisoners to Americans in the anti-war movement. 
Advice from Dr. King 
A transformative event in Hayden's life occurred in 1960 when he was a college student. He interviewed Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. on a picket line outside the Democratic National Convention in Los Angeles. The picket demanded that the Democratic Party include a strong commitment to civil rights in its platform. King told Hayden, "Ultimately, you have to take a stand with your life." - Advertisement -

ARTICLE

pirate clip art free printable | Illustration of Pirate Skull ...(image by ) The Pirate Party of Iceland, the one nation that jailed its crooked bankers, is poised to win the election, less than 4 years after forming.
Their motto is: " "We are not here to gain power. We are here to distribute power." 
I think this formulation can serve the Progressive Movement in the US, as it approaches mainstream status and is the most popular political movement in the nation, with 67% approving of the term progressive, over 55% supporting Sanders, and a robust majority supporting progressive programs like gun and immigration reform, raising the minimum wage, etc. 
And this formulation also deals with the issue of Bigness, which many think incompatible with democracy and human rights. What if the purpose of bigness (ie winning elections) is NOT to consolidate power in new hands but to change the system by using this status to distribute power. - Advertisement - 
Progressives are commonly accused by the right of being for Big Government, for thinking that government power is the solution to all problems. This Pirate formulation disrupts that claim, by showing a way to use the consolidation of power in order not to create a stronger state but to redistribute power and thus lessen the power of the state and powerful corporations and other institutions, public and private. 
This formulation comes out of the anarchist tradition of decentralized power. The Pirate party has allied libertarians of both the right and left to take power, in order to distribute it from the banks and their servants back to the people themselves. Anarchism, we understand, is self-government, which means decentralized power. - Advertisement - 
The success of the Pirate party shows how anarchists and libertarians of all kinds can come together to form a coalition Big enough to win but committed to breaking up the concentration of power, mostly in the hands of the financial institutions and their corrupt public servants. 
The way to get beyond the "Iron Law of Oligarchy," which over 100 years ago German sociologist Robet Michels, which states " states that all forms of organization, regardless of how democratic they may be at the start, will eventually and inevitably develop oligarchic tendencies, thus making true democracy practically and theoretically impossible, especially in large groups and complex organizations." is to use consolidation of power (bigness) in the service of decentralizing power, pushing it back to the people and smaller communities. 
Therefore, the goal of Progressives is NOT to gain power that is the means: the goal is to replace the old hierarchical system with a system of decentralized power, a model of self-government.

ARTICLE

opednews.com - Advertisement - I am a progressive who will NOT be sheeple herded into voting for HillaryClinton. The Democratic Party remains too firmly wedded to war and Wall Street. In its current condition of corrupt dependence millions of Americans will continue in worsening condition even if the Democrats win the presidency and Congress. We progressives have been marginalized by "educational" propaganda, non-exposure to negative facts and alternatives to the point where our numbers are too small to be influential. The counter -- argument, "What would happen if all of you progressives refrained from voting for Clinton and Trump won?" can not be universalized. It does not confer sufficient probability on the conclusion "I, a progressive, should vote for Clinton" for any progressive to accept it. We are just too few. Democrats have performed so poorly for millions of Americans since the first Clinton regime that it is certain we (including middle income, professionals) will continue to lose relative financial position and sufficient income for a stable life, rather than prosper, under a Clinton Administration. Stubborn, Marginalized Old Progressive License DMCA All progressives and any peace -- loving liberal democrats, even nationalist Republicans should insist, as a condition of getting our votes, that Clinton offer a stand - still cease fire unless fired upon peace truce to all opponents, Sunni and Shia, we are fighting against in person (or by aid to another local side) in all disputed lands, (Afghanistan, Iraq, Libya, Syria, Yemen, etc.) in exchange for the same by these groups, AlQaeda, ISIS, etc. Our offer should include an embargo against our selling any more weapons to contested governments in those lands in exchange for the opponents' promise to publicly discourage any obstruct further terror attacks in western countries. These wars must stop now with a World Peace, Re-partition and Resettlement conference to follow. - Advertisement -

ARTICLE

License DMCA In a recent advancement, 12 men are in the process of going legal against the state of Utah in the Federal court challenging a law which allows mothers to put their babies up for adoption without the biological father's consent, or knowledge.
Our family court system must re-access this provision and make amendments in a way that establishes the fact that fathers are an integral part of a child's life. Every other weekend and one night a week is not a parent child relationship for sure and hence, cannot be considered as equal parenting. Until the courts cease ordering visitation and start affiliating the fathers with the same rights as mothers, children of divorce will continue to suffer. 
Children's best interest lies in equal parenting. Even after a couple goes through a divorce, equal parenting must be advocated for children's best interest. Some reasons for this are listed below; Fatherless children are at a dramatically greater risk of drug and alcohol abuse, mental illness, suicide, poor educational performance, teen pregnancy, and criminality." Source: U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, National Center for Health Statistics, Survey on Child Health, Washington, DC, 1993. "Teenagers living in single-parent households are more likely to abuse alcohol and at an earlier age compared to children reared in two-parent households." Source: Terry E. Duncan, Susan C. Duncan and Hyman Hops, "The Effects of Family Cohesiveness and Peer Encouragement on the Development of Adolescent Alcohol Use: A Cohort-Sequential Approach to the Analysis of Longitudinal Data", Journal of Studies on Alcohol 55 (1994). "The absence of the father in the home affects significantly the behavior of adolescents and results in the greater use of alcohol and marijuana." Source: Deane Scott Berman "Risk Factors Leading to Adolescent Substance Abuse", Adolescence 30 (1995) Researchers in Michigan determined that "49 percent of all child abuse cases are committed by single mothers." Source: Joan Dotson and Sharon Shay, "A Study of Child Abuse in Lansing, Michigan", Child Abuse and Neglect, 8 (1984). 
Such studies and reports as mentioned above are many and we will provide additional data in future articles. We started Fathers4Justice in an effort to garner Father's rights against the corrupt courts and address the concerns regarding the family law, including child custody and child support that affect fathers and their children. There is a serious need for a change of the law since a decision about a child's future, its well-being cannot and should not be taken by the mother alone. It's high time that equal parenting rights must be brought into implementation. - Advertisement -

ARTICLE

(7 fans) - Advertisement - At lease 60 cadets were killed and more than 116 injured as terrorists attack the Police Training College in Quetta, Pakistan, in one of the deadliest extremist attacks this year. Three gunmen burst into the sprawling academy, targeting sleeping quarters home to some 700 recruits, and sent terrified young men aged between 15 and 25 fleeing, Dawn News reported. Communication intercepts showed the attack was carried out by Al-Alimi faction of the Lashkar-i-Jhangvi militant group, IG Frontier Corps (FC) Major General Sher Afgan said. The group itself has not claimed the attack. Most of the deaths were caused when two of the attackers blew themselves up. The third was shot dead by Frontier Corps (FC) troops. At least 120 people were injured, according to Dawn News. The IG FC said "terrorists were communicating with their handlers in Afghanistan". "There were three terrorists and all of them were wearing suicide vests," he added. The training college is situated on Sariab Road, which is considered to be one of the most sensitive areas of Quetta. Militants have been targeting security forces in the area for almost a decade. 
The attack comes a day after militants belonging to the Baloch Liberation Army on a motorcycle shot dead two coast guards and a civilian and wounded a shopkeeper in a remote southwest coastal town in Balochistan. 
In August, a suicide bombing at a Quetta hospital claimed by the Jamaat-ul-Ahrar faction of the Pakistani Taliban killed 73 people, including many of the city's lawyer community who had gone there to mourn the fatal shooting of a colleague. - Advertisement - Pakistan says intelligence agencies of India and Afghanistan are fanning unrest in Balochistan by helping the rebels and sectarian militant outfits. According to Islamabad Policy Research Institute, the Indian consulate in Kandahar, a border town, provides a firm base to train, arm and dispatch militants across the border to undertake sabotage activities in Balochistan. Indian companies have been awarded contracts on various projects to link Kabul with Balochistan near Iranian border; and in the bargain it makes the job of the Indian intelligence agency RAW easier. Last month Indian government formally offered political asylum to secessionist Baloch leaders. The Zee News of India reported that the media is buzz with reports that Brahumdagh Bugti, grandson of Nawaz Akbar Khan Bugti, is set to get Indian citizenship. He is currently living in exile in Switzerland. 
Balochistan is a key region for China's ambitious $46 billion China-Pakistan Economic Corridor infrastructure project linking its western province of Xinjiang to the Arabian Sea via Pakistan. 
Security problems have mired CPEC in the past with numerous separatist attacks, but China has said it is confident the Pakistani military is in control. 18 Indian soldiers killed in an army base attack - Advertisement - The Quetta terrorist attack came five weeks after a militants attack on an army base in the garrison town of Uri in the Indian-administered Jammu and Kashmir -- killing 18 soldiers. The attack on Sept 18, which took place near the de facto border between India and Pakistan in the disputed region, was one of the deadliest on an army base in Kashmir since militant attacks began in 1989, according to CNN. Tension remains high between the neighbors following the Uri attack. The Indian Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, has been under intense pressure from his own party and the Indian public to respond to the Uri army base attack. Mr Modi came to power pledging to toughen India's response to what he calls cross-border incursions from Pakistan. He vowed that the Uri raid "will not go unpunished". On September 29, India announced that it had carried out early morning "surgical strikes" on terrorist camps in Pakistani controlled Kashmir. However, Pakistan denied that a cross border strike had taken place, saying that Indian troops had fired small arms across the Line of Control, killing two soldiers and injuring nine. The notion of surgical strike linked to alleged terrorists' bases is an illusion being deliberately generated by India to create false effects," the Pakistani military said in a statement.

ARTICLE

License DMCA My guest today is Maya Schenwar, Truthout's editor-in-chief, author of Locked Down, Locked Out: Why Prison Doesn't Work and How We Can Do Better , and co-editor of Who Do You Serve, Who Do you Protect? Police Violence and Resistance in the United States . Joan Brunwasser: Welcome back to OpEdNews, Maya. We last spoke back in January, 2015. Now, I'd like to discuss your recent piece: Death Penalty for Heroin Dealers? More Proof the Drug War Is Not Over . Who thought the drug war was over in the first place and why? - Advertisement - Maya Schenwar: There has been a shift in mainstream politics toward condemning the drug war, and for good reason. It has done nothing to stem drug misuse, and meanwhile it has resulted in the criminalization and incarceration of millions of people, overwhelmingly Black and Brown people. With countless studies demonstrating its "failure" (I put this in quotes because I don't think the drug war was actually devised to help people in the first place), politicians who defend it end up looking pretty bad. So the current line is to say it's in the past, and that we have a new approach to drugs going forward. The Obama administration, many state governments, and even conservative politicians (including the "Right on Crime" crowd) have said that we need to leave behind the old war on drugs. In February, Eric Holder said the drug war is "over," and Obama increasingly talks about treating drug-related issues as "public health problems" instead of criminal problems. JB: How does that change anything: the disproportionate numbers of minority members locked up for possession, more single moms incarcerated for the same, families split up and minors left with no parent at home? Are they, then, opening the prison gates and saying, "We were wrong. This was all a big mistake; it didn't work and we diverted and wasted billions of dollars that could have been used to good purpose. And we ruined your lives for nothing. Oops. Sorry."? MS: No, no one is opening the prison gates, unfortunately! There are some limited steps being taken toward scaling back drug-war-related incarceration. For example, Obama has issued hundreds of commutations to people serving super-long drug sentences. Some states have taken steps to reduce some very low-level drug offenses to misdemeanors instead of felonies, which means people are a lot less likely to be incarcerated for them. (California's Proposition 47 is an example of this, although the emphasis on "low-level offenses" has actually entrenched the idea that people should be severely punished for "higher-level offenses.) - Advertisement - Obviously, in a number of states, marijuana is being decriminalized, and some are legalizing it. However, that doesn't mean there are no longer marijuana arrests -- in fact, an ACLU study released recently showed there were more marijuana possession arrests last year than arrests for all violent crimes. The study also showed that Black people are still disproportionately arrested in far greater numbers than white people, despite using marijuana at about the same rate as white people. JB: How do we understand this, Maya? Beyond being convinced that the whole penal system is seriously screwed up, what's the point of increased marijuana arrests? Is this a last gasp effort or at least partly to fill up jail cells and local or private prison coffers? MS: There wasn't an increase in marijuana arrests overall last year; there was a decrease. But obviously it was a small decrease, given that there was a larger number of possession arrests than all violent crime arrests. I don't think it's about filling private prison coffers. Ultimately, prisons are expensive for states, and I don't actually see money as a primary motivator to incarcerate people. Until we challenge criminality itself -- and challenge the white supremacy that underlies the US's version of criminality -- we won't be done with large-scale incarceration. We have to understand incarceration by looking at how people are being labeled as disposable and as "dangerous," and how those things are racialized. Whether it's marijuana possession or something else, there will always be a convenient "crime" with which to charge Black and Brown people unless white supremacy itself is confronted. We also have to think about ableism, transmisogyny, patriarchy, economic injustice, capitalism -- really confronting the structures that make it possible for our society to lock millions of people in cages. If we look at the drug war through this lens, we understand that's it's not some stand-alone entity; it's one tool deployed by a larger power structure that continually targets marginalized people in order to keep itself going. JB: Good point. Does the fact that the penal dysfunction is part of a larger overarching dysfunction make it easier or harder to improve it? And what's ableism? I don't know that I'm familiar with that term. MS: I think the fact that it's part of an overarching structural problem means that it can't really been improved, per se -- it really has to be uprooted. I wouldn't say that can happen extremely easily; it's more a goal to move toward while making incremental changes. Ableism is the structural oppression against and devaluation of people with disabilities. One of the ways it plays out in relation to prison is the extremely high level of incarceration of people with psychiatric and intellectual disabilities. 'Locked Down, Locked Out: Why Prison Doesn't Work and How We Can Do Better' by Maya Schenwar(image by Berrett-Koehler Publishers) License DMCA JB: Quite true. I believe much of that shift occurred when President Reagan "reallocated" resources, closing many state mental hospitals and dumping the patients onto the streets and the unprepared public. And we've been paying the price, one way or another, ever since. What haven't we talked about yet? MS: There's of course much more to talk about, but we have to end things somewhere, right? One thing I'd caution people against is assuming that the automatic alternative to incarceration for people convicted of drug offenses should be drug treatment. First of all, most people arrested for drug offenses aren't dependent on drugs (most people who use drugs are not dependent on them); there are safe ways to use drugs and we have to challenge laws that stigmatize their use.

ARTICLE

(128 fans) - Advertisement - 
Officially, of course, the national bird of the United States is that half-a-peace-sign that Philadelphia sports fans like to hold up at opposing teams. But unofficially, the film National Bird has it right: the national bird is a killer drone. 
Finally, finally, finally, somebody allowed me to see this movie. And finally somebody made this movie. There have been several drone movies worth seeing , most of them fictional drama , and one very much worth avoiding ( Eye in the Sky ). But National Bird is raw truth, not entirely unlike what you might fantasize media news reports would be in a magical world in which media outlets gave a damn about human life. 
The first half of National Bird is the stories of three participants in the U.S. military's drone murder program, as told by them. And then, just as you're starting to think you'll have to write that old familiar review that praises how well the stories of the victims among the aggressors were told but asks in exasperation whether any of the victims of the actual missiles have any stories, National Bird expands to include just what is so often missing, and even to combine the two narratives in a powerful way. 
Heather Linebaugh wanted to protect people, benefit the world, travel, see the world, and use super cool technology. Apparently our society did not explain to her in time what it means to join the military. Now she suffers guilt, anxiety, moral injury, PTSD, sleep disorder, despair, and a sense of responsibility to speak out on behalf of friends, other veterans, who have killed themselves or become too alcoholic to speak for themselves. Linebaugh helped murder people with missiles from drones, and watched them die, and identified body parts or watched loved ones gather up body parts. 
Even while still in the Air Force, Linebaugh was on a suicide watch list and had a psychologist recommend moving her to a different sort of job, but the Air Force refused. She has episodes. She sees things. She hears things. But she's forbidden to discuss her work with friends or even with a therapist who doesn't have the proper "security clearance." 
We let Daniel down even more than Heather. He says he actually opposed militarism but was homeless and desperate, so he joined the military. We could have given him a house for much less than we paid him to help murder people at Fort Meade. 
Lisa Ling worked on a database filled by drone surveillance that compiled information on 121,000 "targets" in two years. Multiply that by a dozen years. With 90% of victims not among the targets, add up how many people would die in the targeting of the whole list. That'd be over 7 million. But it's not numbers that have poisoned the souls of these three veterans; it's children and mothers and brothers and uncles lying in pieces on the ground. 
Ling travels to Afghanistan to see the place at ground level and to meet with drone victims. She meets a little boy who lost his leg and his 4-year-old brother and his sister and his father. On February 2, 2010, drone "pilots" at Creech Air Base murdered 23 innocent members of one family. - Advertisement - 
The filmmakers have voices read the written transcript of what the drone operators said to each other before, during, and after sending in the missiles that did the damage. This is worse than Collateral Murder . The people whose job it is to identify children and others who should not be murdered have identified children among the group of people being targeted. The "pilots" at Creech are eager to reject this information and to get onto killing as many people as they can. Their lust for blood drives the decision process. Only after they've killed 23 people do they recognize children among the survivors, and the lack of guns. 
We see the bodies brought home to bury. Those injured describe their suffering, physical as well as mental. We see people being fitted with artificial legs. We hear Afghans describe their perception of drones. They imagine, just as many Americans may imagine, and just as viewers of Eye in the Sky would imagine, that drone operators have a clear, high resolution view of everything. In fact, they have a view of fuzzy little blobs on a computer screen that looks like it was created in the 1980s. 
Linebaugh says there is no way to distinguish the little "civilian" blobs from little "militant" blobs. When Daniel hears President Obama claim that there is always near certainty that no civilians will be killed, Daniel explains that such knowledge is simply not possible. Linebaugh says she was often on the side of the conversation telling the "pilots" at Creech not to murder innocents, but that they always pushed for permission to kill. 
Jesselyn Radack, attorney for whistleblowers, says in the film that the FBI told two whistleblowers that a terrorist group had put them on a kill list. She said that the FBI has also contacted Linebaugh's family and warned her that "terrorists" have been searching for her name online, suggesting that she fix this problem by shutting up. (She had written an op-ed in the Guardian ). 
The FBI also raids Daniel's house, arriving with 30 to 50 agents, badges, guns, cameras, and search warrants. They take away his papers, electronics, and phone. They tell him he is under investigation for a possible indictment under the Espionage Act. This is the World War I-era law for targeting foreign enemies that President Obama has made a routine of using to target domestic whistleblowers. While Obama has prosecuted more people under this law than did all previous presidents combined, we probably have no way of knowing how many people have been explicitly threatened with the possibility. - Advertisement - 
While we should be apologizing to, comforting, and aiding these young people rather than denying them the right to speak to anybody and threatening them with decades in prison, Lisa Ling did manage to find some kindness. Victims of drone strikes in Afghanistan told her that they forgave her. As the film ends, she's planning another trip to Afghanistan. View Ratings | Rate It http://davidswanson.org David Swanson is the author of "When the World Outlawed War," "War Is A Lie" and "Daybreak: Undoing the Imperial Presidency and Forming a More Perfect Union." He blogs at http://davidswanson.org and http://warisacrime.org and works for the online ( more... )

ARTICLE

(16 fans) - Advertisement - Yeah. I know, I know. I'm an iconoclast. Yep and I'm proud of it. So the other day I got to thinking about religion and other things in the Homo Sapiens space called life. You know I get philosophical from time to time. And then I get inspired to tackle some very touchy and sensitive subjects that usually set off a lot of people. I get a perverse joy in rubbing people the wrong way and send them into WFT hissy fits. So you know that this article is going to have some folks seeing red and the God-police will start pulling out their truncheons to give me a whack on the ole noggin just to prove their point that I should not meddle in the affairs of the Great Father somewhere in a place called Heaven. The fact is that today, with the click of a mouse button the era of seeking answers and advice about God directly from rabbis, pastors, or imams is gradually coming to an end. And the cause of this backsliding and undermining of the hitherto unquestioned role of these "emissaries of God on earth?" Well, it's not a human person but Artificial Intelligence personified and its called "Google." Google may be the well-known supercomputer system that processes information by nano-seconds but AI has been with us for a long time. Consider the following: Self-driving cars have arrived; Siri (on your Iphones and Ipads) can listen to your voice and find the nearest movie theatre; and I.B.M. set the " Jeopardy"- conquering Watson to work on medicine, initially training medical students, perhaps eventually helping in diagnosis. Nowadays, scarcely a week goes by without the announcement of a new A.I. product or technique. And for all the constant complaining about the religious right's inappropriate influence in politics and religious conservatives' attempts to tear down the church-state wall, the secular movement in America is actually doing quite well. The most recent Pew Research Center poll says 23 percent of Americans are religiously unaffiliated (atheists, agnostics and no-religion people); that percentage increases to 35 percent for Americans under thirty-five -- young people are not doing too many religious conversions, and see God as part of a belief system of their parents. So, for Americans in the Bible Belt and elsewhere this is alarming news - if secularism hasn't yet taken over the country, its on track for that to happen. And its all the fault of artificial intelligence as epitomized in the incredible superpower of Google . Now I do NOT intend to be dismissive of religion or disrespect people's beliefs OR their right to worship and believe what they want to. Me? I believe that every Thursday night when karaoke takes place in Brooklyn my bulldog Max turns into a werewolf seeking cats to relieve them of their hemoglobin fluids. You get my drift -- you can believe what you want but that does not make what you believe true. But one thing is not in doubt -- Google and God are on our daily human agendas. Indeed, the questions that Americans type into Google searches about God appear to confirm the country's rising secularism. For example, according to an economist writing in the New York Times : "Despite the rising popularity of Pope Francis, who was elected in 2013, Google searches for churches are 15 percent lower in the first half of this decade than they were during the last half of the previous one. The top Google search including the word "God" is "God of War," a videogame, with more than 700,000 searches per year." Bummer, people searching for a videogame with the word "God" in it? WFT! Are people losing their cotton-picking minds? And to make matter worse the same economist, Stephens-Davidowitz, also discovered that "Searches questioning God's existence are up." He went further to seek what questions people Google whilst in their periods of doubt: The No. 1 question? In the United States of America? Is without a doubt: "who created God?" And the second? "why God allows suffering?" in number 3 "why does God hate me? And in fourth place: "why God needs so much praise?" - Advertisement - It now appears from this data that people in America are looking to Google for answers to some pertinent and serious questions about God and in an oblique way questioning what they were taught by their parents and learned in churches on Sundays for so many years. There is absolutely no doubt that the Internet and Google have been at odds with religion. The Google phenomenon is also explainable in the context of the adversarial relationship between science and religion -- they just don't mix. Religion -- all religions -- are based on a system of blind, unquestioning belief and a rejection of objective inquiry that is substituted with faith. Religions place and validate this faith by statements found in their Holy Books that's interpreted by preachers, pastors, priests and ministers. These writings and teachings MUST be accepted without question by the faithful. Science on the other hand believes that ALL things in nature should be questioned and examined. And that it is only by this kind of objective inquiry that humankind has progressed and will progress. The Internet and Google are not the products of a Sunday sermon or the dogmatic faith or prayers of the faithful. Advances in medicine, communications technology, transportation, and other things that define modern human existence are the results of science -- not faith or belief. In fact, the cornerstone of the scientific method is to question everything; science accepts nothing that is not provable -- again and again and again. The rise of American secularism and of individuals with no religious affiliations is directly due to the rise and use of the Internet. Hitherto the Internet, and in particular Google , people used libraries and their church leaders for research on questions of faith, belief, and the existence of God. Religion had a stranglehold on knowledge and issues of God and Sin. But with the advent of Google information and knowledge became readily available and a new generation is now growing up in a society more open to doubting old canards and traditional belief systems. Google has undermined religion's central premise for the belief in God -- his all-knowing faculty. Google now processes over 40,000 search queries every second on average which translates to over 3.5 billion searches per day and 1.2 trillion searches per year worldwide. Google can bring up literally millions of hits SIMULTANEOUSLY on every conceivable topic that the human mind can imagine -- including Biblical history, origins and that of other religious books, and their pros and cons. For iconoclasts like me declining religious affiliation is akin to social improvement. It's evidence of the clarifying influence of scientific rationality that's the end result of the global information revolution. I know that one of the questions here will undoubtedly be about personal faith in the context of our ability to pay bills, order clothes and food, communicate with friends and family and send emails across the word in seconds. And too, I'll hear the issue of the difference between Google as a profit-making, altruistic organization, and the church whose primary concern is about the condition of our souls. These are valid arguments when it comes to God and Google. I'm not suggesting that this is an either or situation. But what I am suggesting is that modern experiences in the secular world are now impacting religious belief and not in a very positive manner. - Advertisement - And yes, from a religious standpoint the question is: because of the rise of Google are religious institutions that used to answer questions about God and Sin crowdsourcing the acts of faith that the entire system is built on? Put another way, does religion risk losing its ability to provide answers to life on earth when Google's data cannot do so? And, in today's Internet and Google dominated world will faithful people when in doubt, Google "who created God?"

ARTICLE

Map to Wikileaks Podesta Emails - Alphabetical Index by Sender (Version 14 Updated 10/25/16) 
SUPPLEMENT TO: Navigating Wikileaks: A Guide to the Podesta Emails (image by Charles Grapski) License DMCA 
The following is a lengthy list of the entirety of the Podesta Emails database as released by Wikileaks (updated as of 10/24/14 through the 14th dump of records). It provides a quick graphic representation of the structure of the database (which is organized alphabetically by the sender [see the Introduction to the Guide: Navigating WikiLeaks: A Guide to the Podesta Emails ]). In particular this view, which contains a set of documents by the Alphabetical set (one for each letter and a PRE and POST category for the emails that fall prior to A and after Z), can show the gaps in the records thus far released. It is thus a useful tool to see whether a particular sender may be missing or what further emails from a particular sender have yet been released. This can be done using the colored bands - the DARK ORANGE band highlighting the as yet unreleased emails. Each of the other colored bands represents the data dumps from the 7th through the latest. The second to last column (dump) indicates which dump the email was released in. I will present an alphabetical list at the start which provides a direct link to a PDF version (links not active) and a SPREADSHEET version (active links if download Excel file [Viewable online but doesn't work if open in Google Sheets]). The links provide a link to the Wikileaks page (Link) and to directly download the .eml email file (Get). This will be followed by an image representation of the entire alphabetical list. Unfortunately due to the limitations on using table formatting I have chosen to use the image rather than the data itself on this page. Thus the user might find the PDF and/or SPREADSHEET useful. I will also provide the links to the PDF and SPREADSHEET above each alphabetical section. 
Also useful is the General Map of the database showing the total number of released and unreleased emails by alphabetical set. See: MAP to Wikileaks Podesta Emails [Version 14 - Updated (10/24/16)] - Advertisement - 
The Introduction to this Guide including a narrative and an explanation of the methodology can be found here: Navigating WikiLeaks: A Guide to the Podesta Emails. 
[UPDATE NOTE: Updates will be loaded shortly bringing this info up to date through the 19th data dump by Wikileaks on 10/26/16. In order to do so I will publish the PDF and SPREADSHEET in advance of the full page so it is available for use as soon as possible. You can check the Series Page on OpEdNews to see what updates have been posted. Unfortunately the site does not allow updates to these pages themselves so new pages will be created for updates.] MAP of Indexed Sender Email Information Files (Quick Links) LETTER - PDF - SPREADSHEET

ARTICLE

License DMCA The U.S. healthcare system is produced and fueled by crony capitalism. Activist investor Dave Chase bottom-lined the result ( Forbes ): "the Middle Class is in a 20-year long economic depression that is at least 95% due to healthcare." Studies show our healthcare industry is providing worse care than those of many other wealthy nations, at an astounding 50% per capita higher cost than the next most expensive nation. Ask the price of any service and you always receive the same answer: "What insurance do you have?" Billing is determined by how much can be extracted from each patient on a case-by-case basis, often when the patient is at his or her most vulnerable. By any definition, this is a predatory, non-competitive system. So-called price-transparency initiatives serve to perpetuate this system in which prices can vary by a factor of 100 for the exact same service performed by the same provider. Healthcare is the only consumer industry legally permitted to shield itself from the usual requirement of legitimate pricing and competition. Patients have been rendered powerless. Ethically, this is institutionalized fraud. To stop the bleeding, Congress need only require that healthcare providers publish "legitimate pricing", which means they can continue to set their own rates, but - a different rate for each patient - must be prohibited. Without legitimate pricing, price competition cannot exist and healthcare costs will continue to skyrocket. Consumer-protection laws are applied to virtually every other industry and require both that (i) prices be disclosed; and (ii) prices be stated in a common format. Gas is uniformly priced in gallons (not pints, quarts, ounces or liters). Food is generally priced in ounces and pounds and state agencies protect consumers by inspecting scales. Scores of regulation specify precisely how annual percentage rate must be calculated and disclosed in all credit transactions (i.e., the price of borrowed money). Healthcare's exemption from consumer-protection laws is a national disgrace. Healthcare providers, like other sellers of consumer and financial products, must be required to publish their rates in a uniform format such as industry-standard CPT codes or a percentage of Medicare rates. Every citizen would be empowered to search any medical procedure online and see pricing for all providers within X miles. It would be as easy and familiar as checking the price of any other goods or services. Legitimate prices mean networks will be obsolete, along with the administrative burdens, tremendous costs, and limitations on patient choice that they impose. Health insurance will function like homeowner's, fire or auto insurance. When a house burns down, the price of drywall and paint does not depend on whether the home was insured by State Farm or Allstate. Patients would buy health insurance providing a reimbursement level that they select; for example, 100% of Medicare rates. Consumers could shop every provider in the nation and easily determine their out-of-pocket costs. - Advertisement - High amounts of corporate debt have been incurred acquiring medical facilities on the assumption they could continue to impose predatory pricing. Disruption of current business models will lead to bankruptcies. Just as in all other industries, currently non-competitive providers will be acquired at low cost and be operated by more efficient providers. Ultimately, the industry will adjust to a competitive environment and offer health services at far lower prices. University of California researchers reported that a consumer-oriented incentive to generate competition, known as reference pricing , lowered hospital costs by more than 20% for the 1.3 million members (and their families) of the California Public Employees' Retirement System. The insurance plan stated the maximum amount it would pay for a group of common medical procedures, thereby incentivizing participants to shop prices. Lower-priced hospitals saw market share growth of 28 percent, prompting many higher-priced hospitals to lower their prices. Legitimate pricing would be a far more powerful stimulus to competition than mere reference pricing. Legitimate pricing would compel wide-open free-market competition and would, in this author's opinion, virtually overnight reduce U.S. health expenditures by a minimum 33%. Disposable incomes and prosperity would boom. The U.S. deficit would shrink. Lower underlying healthcare prices is the sole and exclusive way to materially lower health-insurance premiums. Anyone who says otherwise is, to be kind, incorrect. Reform is difficult because the healthcare industry spends more on lobbying than the defense, aerospace, and the oil-and-gas industries combined . The American public understands our predatory pricing system is morally and economically unjustifiable and is demanding change. A Petition to End Predatory Healthcare Pricing and to require legitimate pricing rapidly gained more than 100,000 signatures this year. - Advertisement - To the many polarized groups in our nation, we have added free-market versus single-payer devotees. While this author takes no position on this issue, legitimate pricing is an essential prerequisite to either system. Nobody knows what prices would look like in an open market. For example, a study by The Department of Health and Human Services compared Medicare-allowable prices for lab charges to the negotiated prices paid for 20 high-volume and high-expense lab tests by health insurers. While providers generally complain that Medicare rates are too stingy, the study found that prices paid by Medicare exceeded fair market value: "Medicare could have saved $910 million, or 38 percent, on these lab tests if it had paid providers at the lowest established rate in each geographic area." In the absence of legitimate pricing, bureaucrats administering single-payer would have no basis on which to negotiate or set rates. That will likely leave lobbyists in control of pricing. For many Americans this concept evokes memories like the Pentagons purchase of $1,000 hammers and toilet seats. If we didn't know how much those items cost in hardware stores (i.e., legitimate prices), there would be no reference point and nobody would have even batted an eye. To reverse our nation's financial bleeding and end restrictions on patient choice resulting from restricted provider networks, Congress must empower citizens by mandating legitimate healthcare pricing.

ARTICLE

Headlined to H3 10/26/16 - Advertisement - Philippines president Duterte announces 'separation' from US during China visit Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte announced his 'separation' from the United States, expressing his desire for the Philippines to become more dependent ... License DMCA 
Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte in Beijing, China announcing separation from the United States Considering US belligerence in the world particularly since 9/11, the idea of a countries elected leader standing up and defying the US hyper power is something to behold. The latest leader to exercise his countries right of sovereignty is Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte. Duterte speaking during a state visit to Beijing, China announced, "Your honors, in this venue, I announce my separation from the United States...both in military and economics also".[1] He said, "America has lost" while announcing a new alliance the Philippines, China and Russia, "there are three of us against the world". Of course Duterte is not the first leader to poke his middle finger at the US imperialist. Fidel Castro did it with Cuba in 1959, as did Hugo Chavez in Venezuela in 1999. Two at least who spoke truth to power, put his people first at great risk to himself when they separated their country from US hegemony over them, survived many US attempts to undermine or assassinate and overthrow them. There's too many others to mention here that didn't survive or were overthrown in CIA initiated coups, color revolutions, regime change et al. Is this somehow subversive coming from an American extolling foreign leaders that have defied the US? Or is it an acknowledgement that we, the US, can't dictate to the world. That it's a countries elected leaders purpose to exercise his judgment to do right by his people, follow an independent course to best serve his people, not be subservient and dictated to by the US. If the people disagree with such a leader they can elect someone else or impeach him for felonious behavior. Maybe that's a bit naive, too ideal for the complex world we live in today. - Advertisement - But we as a country have completely lost our way, been an imperialist bully, initiating illegal wars and occupations, aggression against countries that are no threat, imminent or otherwise to America. Authorized torture, indefinite detention, extraordinary rendition, kill innocents in drone strikes and missile attacks, order the targeted assassination of anyone, anywhere, including American citizens if the president alone so decides. Initiate coups and regime change against any country that defies the US while conducting surveillance of ALL electronic communications of everyone in the world. This is not the behavior of a country capable of having mutual respect for others particularly those countries taking an independent course and not bowing to US diktat. We Americans can close our eyes, pretend or ignore what we have become; a rogue actor on the world stage. Yes rogue. What gave us the right to be the "indispensible country", exceptional, entitled, run roughshod against any leader-Putin being the leader now most demonized in US crosshairs. As for the Philippines, we took it as well as Cuba and Puerto Rico; booty from Spain in the aftermath of the Spanish American war of 1898. - Advertisement - Of course earlier in our countries inglorious history we stole much of what is now California, Texas and the southwest from Mexico while committing genocide and stealing most of the arable and tribal lands of the indigenous native peoples all in the name of "manifest destiny", as if it was some benign, natural, yet inexorable happenstance. Yeah right. Let's admit it. Today we're the beneficiaries of our countries earlier "successful" aggression against the indigenous peoples as well as a country built on slavery; peoples the government has never formally apologized to. We can ignore the truth of this aggressive history, believe it to have been the inevitable consequence overthrowing British colonialism and ridding the country of what the government and most white people then referred to as Indian "savages". Then later came the masses of millions of mostly European immigrants; those ancestors who came to America, a consequence of repression, lack of opportunity, religious intolerance they suffered in their native countries. And with them the American demographic changed forever from its colonial past. So now we're a mass of different peoples, mostly adapted to our earlier British colonial heritage, "connected" to those who threw off British tyranny, declared their independence, formed a union and soon thereafter a formal constitution of rights under the rule of law. A country that began not wanting to engage in foreign entanglements, fiercely independent, embracing the protestant work ethic, most probably considered inward looking by today's standards. It feels quaint, distant, a different sort of people than most in America now.

ARTICLE

License DMCA 
In an explosive interview, Newt Gingrich became completely unhinged, verbally attacking Fox News' Megyn Kelly for referring to Trump as a sexual predator. Throughout the interview, Newt Gingrich seemed to live in an alternate state of reality. He continued to discount polls that show Trump losing badly. He refused to acknowledge that all the tossup states are moving towards Clinton. 
The interview was already contentious when a couple of words from Megyn Kelly turned it explosive. (Video here .) 
"You want to know why Trump has had a rough time?" Newt Gingrich asked. 
"If Trump is a sexual predator," Megyn Kelly said. "That is ..." - Advertisement - 
"He is not a sexual predator," Newt Gingrich shouted. 
"That's your opinion," Kelly said. "I am not taking a position on it." 
"You could not defend that statement," an unhinged Gingrich shouted. "Now I am sick and tired of people like you, using language that's inflammatory, that's not true." 
"Excuse me Mr. Speaker," Kelly interjected. "You have no idea whether it is true or not. What we know is that at least ..." 
"Neither do you," Gingrich shouted. - Advertisement - 
"That's right," Kelly replied. "And I am not taking a position on it unlike you. So what I said is incorrect?" 
"Yes you are," Gingrich replied. "When you use the words you took a position. And that is very unfair of you Megyn. I think that is exactly the bias people are upset by." 
"I think that your defensiveness on this may speak volumes, sir," Kelly replied. "What I said is if -- no, no, no, -- let me make my point and then I will give you the floor. What I said is if Trump is a sexual predator, then it is a big story. And what we saw on that tape was Trump himself saying that he likes to grab women by the genitals and kiss them against their will. That's what we saw. Then we saw ten women come forward after he denied actually doing it at the debate to say that was untrue. 'He did it to me. He did it to me.' We saw reporters. We saw people who had worked with him; people from Apprentice and so on and so forth. He denies it all, which is his right. We don't know what the truth is. My point to you is, as a media story we don't get to say the ten women are lying. We have to cover that story, sir." 
Gingrich then went into full spin mode. He attempted to characterize the media as biased for covering more about the growing Trump sexual predator scandal than Clinton speeches to banks, a false equivalency. He then unleashed his anger and abuse again.

ARTICLE

License DMCA We're getting down to the wire. It's been a tough haul. Actually, the campaign season has felt endless. But now is not the time to drop the ball. In the days remaining, it is essential to motivate other voters who may be sitting on the fence -- or are too disgusted -- to go to the polls about why that option is not viable. Actually, it's dangerous. Their voices are crucial. Personally, it's hard for me to understand how the issue of climate change can be put on the back burner by any American. Maybe I feel the urgency so deeply because I have been writing about the environment for five years. Okay, and the mother thing definitely kicks in; wanting to protect my kid, other people's kids, and future generations. Still... it goes beyond that. It's about the birds that are dying, the wildfires ignited by droughts, the chemicals in water that was previously used for fracking and are now irrigating our country's fruits and vegetables. It encompasses the flooding, record temperatures, the lack of environmental justice for those who live in low-income communities, and the famines causing mass migration. Every time I write an article, it's with the hope of putting a spotlight on a concern folks may not know about. I hope someone new is "going to get it." - Advertisement - It's tough when you are up against the big-money boys of the fossil-fuel industry and their supporters like the Koch brothers (who have their fingers in everything from Grand Canyon National Park to campaign funding). Yup, your state's Attorney General, who is elected and tasked with being the "People's Lawyer," may be one of those people who have received money to jump on the lawsuit to derail the Clean Power Plan. Most of the media has dropped the ball on featuring stories on climate change and its ramifications. When guests appear on shows spouting disinformation, most interviewers don't push back. News stories with hard scientific facts don't get traction because they may not be "sexy." Well, there's nothing sexy about extreme weather. Just ask people who have been the victims of hurricanes, including New York City and environs. Homes destroyed, businesses wrecked, Manhattan subways deluged with water. Unfortunately, too many Americans still don't get how climate change is the catalyst behind the challenges -- both now and in the future -- for America's health, economy, and national security. It can be hard to hear that message when ads pushed by the American Petroleum Institute and individual oil companies (like Chevron and Exxon) are busy promoting the agenda that Americans have no choice except to choose between a robust economy and clear air. - Advertisement - Okay, I'm not nave enough to expect the fossil-fuel industry to elevate the conversation about renewable energy. They don't want to promote what the growth of a green economy has to offer in terms of building a viable new job sector, that can implement change and employ workers. Donald Trump has made outrageous statements about the environment. Both he and Mike Pence are on the record as being climate deniers. Oh, and Trump wants to get rid of the EPA. Great. With no regulations on the table, big polluters will be able to get away with toxic dumping the same way Trump "legally" avoided paying taxes (see " Halliburton Loophole "). Who will suffer? Not the Exxon executive who didn't want fracking in his backyard . It will fall to everyday Americans who be unaware of the toxins in the air, chemicals in the products they buy and ingest, unborn children at risk in the womb, and low-income communities and people of color who live daily without environmental justice. The list goes on.

ARTICLE

It's outrageous that AT&T and Time Warner may be permitted to merge. Of course, there are antitrust issues. If it's approved, some competitors will go out of business, others won't get started, and consumers will pay more and get less. Antitrust law is not designed to regulate anticompetitive behavior; it is designed to prevent anticompetitive behavior. Permitting AT&T to acquire Time Warner would be like giving a small boy a ball and then saying, "Now don't bounce it" -- or hiring someone to watch him. Regulation doesn't work. What's called "agency capture" is widespread and well documented. In the BP oil-spill case, it involved the regulators literally sleeping with the regulated. Even if an agency isn't captured it probably doesn't have enough personnel to do meaningful regulation. The FCC of my day had three employees to respond to 85,000 complaints, and they travelled in pairs. - Advertisement - The only way to prevent anticompetitive corporate behavior is to forbid the mergers that make it possible. But antitrust law and lawyers often have ways of finding adequate competition when no one else can see it. Moreover, the serious antitrust issues and economic impact of this proposed merger are the least of our concerns. Mergers of media firms, unlike those in other industries, raise issues involving our democracy, analogous to those associated with the First Amendment. Some involve politics and governing. Major media owners are more politically powerful than major donors. When a single owner has dominant control of newspapers, radio, television and cable systems within a state or region it can affect elections. When a weapons manufacturer also owns a network, it creates an appearance of possible conflict in its war coverage. Other issues involve the creative community. Suppose a single corporation owns movie studios, theaters, a TV network, book publishers, newspapers, and other forms of media. It can favor its movies in its theaters, make its authors guests on its TV shows, and advertise all its products in its newspapers. - Advertisement - Both AT&T and Time Warner are among the world's largest corporations. Time Warner's HBO and Cinemax programming is sold in 150 countries, its Turner programs in 200. AT&T is the largest telecommunications company in the world, also in 200 countries. Both are holding companies, conglomerates, that together own dozens of corporations. Many are known to you, like CNN, HBO, or DirectTV. Check their corporate Web pages for more. Worst of all, and what ought to absolutely preclude this merger, they will represent a gigantic combination of programming and delivery ("content and conduit") -- the ultimate chokehold on the distribution of a diversity of content. The AT&T of old only provided distribution, the conduit. Everyone was entitled to a phone. And once you got one, you could send any ideas you wanted into that phone and through AT&T's lines. Other institutions might come after you for disclosing national-security secrets, fraudulent marketing, or defamation, but not AT&T. There was a legal "right of entry" into the old AT&T network. No longer. There will be no legal rights for America's creators of content. Nor will there be a financial incentive for AT&T to carry their content.

ARTICLE

License DMCA 
How much does it take to get by where you live? A new report concludes that current federal minimum wage of $7.25 per hour doesn't come close, anywhere in the United States. It takes more than $15 per hour to earn a living wage in most states. When you throw in the rising cost of student debt, low-income Americans are even further underwater. 
The report, " Waiting for the Payoff: How Low Wages and Student Debt Keep Prosperity Out of Reach (pdf)," was issued this week by the People's Action Institute. Among its findings: 
* It takes more than $15 per hour to earn a living wage in 42 states and the District of Columbia. That figure is over $16 in more than half of the country, comes to nearly $20 per hour in California, and is more than $20 in New York state. 
* New York State's minimum wage of $9 per hour provides only 44 percent of a living wage for a single adult and less than a quarter of the living wage for a single adult with two children." 
* Arkansas had the lowest hourly rate of any state, but at $14.58 per hour it was barely below the $15 per hour minimum proposed by Fight for 15 . - Advertisement - 
* The situation is even more dire for working parents. A single adult with two children needs more than $26 per hour to get by in South Carolina, more than $41 per hour in New York state, and nearly $44 per hour in Washington DC. 
* 43 states and Washington, D.C. have a lower minimum wage for tipped workers. Half of tipped workers are 30 years old or older, and tipped workers are three times as likely as other workers to be impoverished. 
What's the price of a dream? For people who saw college as the way to a better life, this country's student debt crisis offers a harsh answer. More than 43 million Americans now carry some level of student debt. 
Student loan debt in this country now totals more than $1.3 trillion -- and it's getting worse. Common Dreams' Deirdre Fulton points to a new study from the Institute of College Access and Success which shows that the average undergraduate borrower now graduates with $30,100 in debt, a 4 percent increase from last year's figure. 
Living wage figures rise even higher when the cost of student debt is factored in. The national median payment for student debt comes to $242 per month. Student debt cost increases the national average living wage from $17.28 to $18.67 per hour. - Advertisement - 
College graduates typically earn higher wages, but the discrimination faced by women and people of color contributes to ongoing wage inadequacy. For example, African Americans are considerably more likely to take on student debt that white Americans, and are more likely to go to higher-cost private institutions. Women and people of color are more likely to work in tipped occupations, so the sub-minimum wage affects these groups disproportionately. 
Wage discrimination is also a critical problem, both for student debt holders and low-wage workers as a whole. As the report notes: 
"... Majors with a high proportion of white males, such as computer and information sciences, see starting salaries of $65,000. At the same time, English and Psychology, which see more women and people of color, have median starting salaries of $35,000 and $32,750 per year, respectively -- lower even than the traditional living wage for a single adult." 
Discrimination in hiring and other systemic problems take a heavy toll. For each dollar paid to white male college graduates with degrees, black men are paid 78 cents; Latinos are paid 81 cents; black women are paid 72 cents; and Latinas are paid 69 cents.

ARTICLE

License DMCA 
During the decades-long Cold War the belief in America was that the Soviet Union had an ideology of world domination. Every nationalist movement, such as Vietnam's effort to throw off French colonialism, was misinterpreted as another domino falling to Soviet world conquest. This mistaken American belief persisted despite Stalin's purge of the Trotsky elements that preached world revolution. Stalin declared: "socialism in one country." 
As the Soviets did not have the aim that the US attributed to them, the two governments could cooperate in reducing the dangerous tensions that nuclear weapons presented. 
The rise of the American neoconservatives and their doctrine of US world hegemony has given the United States the expansionist ideology formerly attributed to the Soviets. Only this time the expansionist ideology is real. Yet, Russia's foreign minister, Lavrov, said today that "we [the US and Russia] have no ideological differences which make the Cold War inevitable." - Advertisement - 
The inability of the Russian government to understand that the neoconservative ideology of US world hegemony is the driving force of US foreign policy leaves Lavrov puzzled at the high level of hostility toward Russia. As Lavrov believes that there are no ideological differences between the two countries, he doesn't understand the hostility. However, he does understand that this hostility toward Russia is a negation of Cold War rules that both countries avoid surprising the other with what could be perceived as a dangerous threat. 
There is no sign that the US government understands the danger in Russia's perception of threat -- or that Washington cares. - Advertisement -

ARTICLE

(30 fans) - Advertisement - 
This article originally appeared at TomDispatch.com . To receive TomDispatch in your inbox three times a week, click here . 
Donald Trump has long campaigned on the promise of running the country the way he's run his businesses. On that basis, we essentially already know what it would mean if he entered the Oval Office and applied his personal business acumen to this nation (and the rest of the world). There's a surprisingly full record to cite. Who can forget, for instance, what happened to his signature gambling resorts in Atlantic City? Who can forget their serial failures in what was still relatively good times in that city, including the repeated trips to bankruptcy court and the way he stiffed local contractors and suppliers, running them out of business? As Russ Buettner and Charles Bagli of the New York Times summed it up : "He put up little of his own money, shifted personal debts to the casinos and collected millions of dollars in salary, bonuses, and other payments. The burden of his failures fell on investors and others who had bet on his business acumen." 
In his pre-political years, he perfected what Kurt Eichenwald of Newsweek dubbed "the art of the bad deal": "lost contracts, bankruptcies, defaults, deceptions, and indifference to investors." And from every bad deal for those who supported him, he's almost always walked away better off. All in all, it's quite a record (and don't even mention Trumped Up University ). There is no reason to believe that this pattern of behavior would change in the White House. After all, The Donald's record shows a remarkable consistency, so it's possible to imagine with a fair degree of accuracy what you're going to get. 
Take election night 2012 when The Donald was still a Mitt Romney supporter. CNN recently reported on his tweets that night and judging by his comment on the Chinese invention of climate change, his complaints about polling violations, his outburst about "sham" elections, and in the wake of Romney's loss his call for "revolution," there hasn't been much truly new under the Trumpian sun in 2016 -- not even his last tweet of that night four years ago: "We have to make America great again!" In other words, his record should be considered remarkably predictive. So count on this: from the Oval Office, he'll walk away a richer man, leaving the rest of us holding the bag, and his supporters, particularly white working class men, in a striking version of hell. 
Then, of course, there's the other candidate. You know who -- the woman who never saw a bank CEO she couldn't get a couple of hundred thousand dollars from for giving thoroughly unsurprising speeches. Today, TomDispatch regular Nomi Prins, author of All the Presidents' Bankers , explores what our world might be like if The Donald goes down in flames and Hillary Clinton enters the White House next January. Consider this, economically speaking, the definition of a hold-onto-your-hats election, no matter who wins. Tom 
Waking Up in Hillary Clinton's America Wall Street in the Saddle By Nomi Prins 
As this endless election limps toward its last days, while spiraling into a bizarre duel over vote-rigging accusations, a deep sigh is undoubtedly in order. The entire process has been an emotionally draining, frustration-inducing, rage-inflaming spectacle of repellent form over shallow substance. For many, the third debate evoked fatigue. More worrying, there was again no discussion of how to prevent another financial crisis, an ominous possibility in the next presidency, whether Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton enters the Oval Office -- given that nothing fundamental has been altered when it comes to Wall Street's practices and predation. 
At the heart of American political consciousness right now lies a soul-crushing reality for millions of distraught Americans: the choices for president couldn't be feebler or more disappointing. On the one hand, we have a petulant, vocabulary-challenged man-boar of a billionaire, who hasn't paid his taxes, has regularly left those supporting him holding the bag , and seems like a ludicrous composite of every bad trait in every bad date any woman has ever had. On the other hand, we're offered a walking photo-op for and well-paid speechmaker to Wall-Street CEOs, a one-woman money-raising machine from the 1% of the 1%, who, despite a folksiness that couldn't look more rehearsed, has methodically outplayed her opponent. - Advertisement - 
With less than two weeks to go before E-day -- despite the Trumptilian upheaval of the last year -- the high probability of a Clinton win means the establishment remains intact. When we awaken on November 9th, it will undoubtedly be dawn in Hillary Clinton's America and that potentially means four years of an economic dystopia that will (as would Donald Trump's version of the same) leave many Americans rightfully anxious about their economic futures. 
None of the three presidential debates suggested that either candidate would have the ability (or desire) to confront Wall Street from the Oval Office. In the second and third debates, in case you missed them, Hillary didn't even mention the Glass-Steagall Act, too big to fail, or Wall Street. While in the first debate, the subject of Wall Street only came up after she disparaged the tax policies of " Trumped-up, trickle down economics " (or, as I like to call it, the Trumpledown economics of giving tax and financial benefits to the rich and to corporations). 
In this election, Hillary has crafted her talking points regarding the causes of the last financial crisis as weapons against Trump, but they hardly begin to tell the real story of what happened to the American economy. The meltdown of 2007-2008 was not mainly due to "tax policies that slashed taxes on the wealthy" or a "failure to invest in the middle class," two subjects she has repeatedly highlighted to slam the Republicans and their candidate. It was a byproduct of the destruction of the regulations that opened the way for a too-big-to-fail framework to thrive. Under the presidency of Bill Clinton, Glass-Steagall, the Depression-era act that once separated people's bank deposits and loans from any kind of risky bets or other similar actions in which banks might engage, was repealed under the Financial Modernization Act of 1999. In addition, the Commodity Futures Modernization Act was passed, which allowed Wall Street to concoct devastating unregulated side bets on what became the subprime crisis. 
Given that the people involved with those choices are still around and some are still advising (or in the case of one former president living with) Hillary Clinton, it's reasonable to imagine that, in January 2017, she'll launch the third term of Bill Clinton when it comes to financial policy, banks, and the economy. Only now, the stakes are even higher, the banks larger, and their impunity still remarkably unchallenged. 
Consider President Obama's current treasury secretary, Jack Lew. It was Hillary who hit the Clinton Rolodex to bring him back to Washington. Lew first entered Bill Clinton's White House in 1993 as special assistant to the president. Between his stints working for Clinton and Obama, he made his way into the private sector and eventually to Wall Street -- as so many of his predecessors had done and successors would do. He scored a leadership role with Citigroup during the time that Bill Clinton's former Treasury Secretary (and former Goldman Sachs co-Chairman ) Robert Rubin was on its board of directors. In 2009 , Hillary selected him to be her deputy secretary of state. - Advertisement - 
Lew is hardly the only example of the busy revolving door to power that led from the Clinton administration to the Obama administration via Wall Street (or activities connected to it). Bill Clinton's Treasury Under Secretary for International Affairs , Timothy Geithner worked with Robert Rubin, later championed Wall Street as president and CEO of the New York Federal Reserve while Hillary was senator from New York (representing Wall Street), and then became Obama's first treasury secretary while Hillary was secretary of state . 
One possible contender for treasury secretary in a new Clinton administration would be Bill Clinton's Under Secretary of Domestic Finance and Obama's Commodity Futures Trading Commission chairman, Gary Gensler (who was -- I'm sure you won't be shocked -- a Goldman Sachs partner before entering public service). These, then, are typical inhabitants of the Clinton inner circle and of the political-financial corridors of power. Their thinking, like Hillary's, meshes well with support for the status quo in the banking system, even if, like her, they are willing on occasion to admonish it for its "mistakes." 
This thru-line of personnel in and out of Clinton World is dangerous for most of the rest of us, because behind all the "talking heads" and genuinely amusing Saturday Night Live skits about this bizarre election lie certain crucial issues that will have to be dealt with: decisions about climate change, foreign wars, student-loan unaffordability, rising income inequality , declining social mobility , and, yes, the threat of another financial crisis. And keep in mind that such a future economic meltdown isn't an absurdly long-shot possibility. Earlier this year, the Federal Reserve, the nation's main bank regulator, and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation , the government entity that insures our bank deposits, collectively noted that seven of our biggest eight banks -- Citigroup was the exception -- still have inadequate emergency plans in the event of another financial crisis.

ARTICLE

opednews.com - Advertisement - 
In the last two articles of this series we described the makeup of voters and considered the likely outcomes under a variety of different voting systems. Here we will repeat that thought-experiment but consider a different makeup of the voter attitudes. 
In the chart below, the results for the various voting systems are shown for both systems, serving both as a review and as a preview. But more importantly, the chart illustrates the difference between traditional voting systems and balanced ones. It is worth noting that in the traditional column, only Celeb (celebrity) candidates are competitive whereas in the balanced column the non-celebrity (Ghost) candidate is consistently at least competitive. Who Has a Chance of Winning(image by Paul Cohen) License DMCA 
Clearly, by these results, the balanced systems tend to be open to more candidates, and sometimes different candidates, than traditional systems. The difference stems from the fact that balanced voting systems consciously take into account both support and opposition of candidates -- whereas traditional systems only consider support. 
This election is between three candidates, two of whom are celebrities, well known by nearly all voters. Al Celeb has strong support from 35% of voters but is strongly disliked by 60%. Beth Celeb is strongly supported by 33% of the voters but very much disliked by 52%. The other candidate, Ghost, draws his support from the 12% of voters, who disapprove both of the Celeb candidates. Ghost is well regarded by the relatively small number of voters who know much about him. 
You might now take some time to think about which of the four candidates deserve to win the election. 
If the election were held using plurality voting, it is pretty clear that Al Celeb would be the winner with 35% of the vote. The fact that both Celeb candidates have more opposition than support does not matter because opposition is not a factor in traditional voting systems like plurality voting. 
On the other hand, if the election were held using balanced plurality voting , then presumably 35% of the voters would vote for Al Celeb and 33% would vote for Beth Celeb. But each of the Celeb candidates will face opposition votes as well. Al Celeb might have as much as 60% of voters casting votes against him, or as few as 48% against him if all 12% of voters who favor Al Ghost choose to vote for Ghost. So Al Celeb will have a net vote of somewhere between -13% and -35% of the voters. By the same reasoning, Beth Celeb will receive a net vote between -7% and -19% of the vote. Ghost, with between 0% and 12% of the vote will win the election. When opposition to them is taken into account, celebrity candidates lose their great advantage. - Advertisement - 
With approval voting , Al Celeb and Beth Celeb will respectively get 35% and 33% of the vote while Ghost will get only 12%. As with plurality voting, Al Celeb will be declared the winner. 
With balanced approval voting , (where the voter is asked to indicate approval or disapproval -- or neither - for each of the candidates), Al Celeb and Beth Celeb will respectively get -25% and -19% of the vote while Ghost will get 12% so Ghost will be declared the winner. 
In this election there are few enough candidates that one might question the motivation for using ration voting , but for the sake of providing an example we can consider it nonetheless. Each voter would be handed three plurality ballots (it could be more or less than that, but three seems reasonable with just three candidates). It seems likely that a Ghost voter would cast all three ballots for Ghost, giving Ghost 12% of the vote. But Al Celeb and Beth Celeb would respectively receive 35% and 33% of the vote. Al Celeb would be declared the winner. However, if sentiment among Ghost voters favored Beth Celeb over Al Celeb then some might cast some of their ballots for Beth Celeb and this could turn Beth Celeb into the winner. 
If this election were held using balanced ration voting, each voter would be handed three balanced plurality ballots. Any outcome is possible for this election, the voters have free reign to decide. This may not immediately obvious to you -- it was not to me. I had to set up a spread-sheet to try out scenarios to see this to be the case. 
It is the Ghost voters who will make the selection between the two Celeb candidates and that will be by deciding how many of their 12% of ballots will go to Celeb candidates. If 2% more of those 12% are cast against Al Celeb than are cast against Beth then the race between the Celeb candidates is a tie. Of course if more than 2% go against Al Celeb then he will lose and the contest will be between Ghost and Beth Celeb. If that margin is less than 2% then the contest will be between Ghost and Al Celeb. - Advertisement - 
Also as might be expected, whether Ghost can win will depend on how many of the Celeb voters decide to vote against the candidate they dislike (rather than for the Celeb candidate they like). If 23% of voters (Celeb voters) decide to cast votes against the Celeb candidate they dislike then the race becomes a toss-up. 
It is worth mentioning that voters will likely make these decisions according to their real feelings. They will cast votes against a candidate they dislike and they will vote for candidates they like. With balanced voting methods, voters can freely express dislike for particular candidates and that means they are not forced to resort to strategic methods to express this very real and very natural belief. 
With IRV , Celeb voters are likely to put the candidate they favor in first place on their ballots. Ghost will garner at most 12% of the vote, so Ghost will be eliminated in the first round of counting. Now the Ghost voters may all decide to not even list a second choice since that would mean voting for a candidate they dislike. The choice between the two Celeb candidates lies in the hands of these Ghost voters who do not like either of them. If just a little more than 2% more voters (necessarily these would be Ghost voters) list Beth Celeb as a second choice than those who list Al Celeb as second choice then that would give the election to Beth Celeb rather than to Al Celeb. Under IRV, the Ghost supporters would be well advised to give some serious consideration to whom they consider the lesser of the two evils. As with other traditional systems, with IRV a little-known candidate does not stand a ghost of a chance and the only real choice is apt to be between two celebrities. 
With IRBV , voters have more freedom of expression. Might any voters decide to cast their first priority against some candidate? Since there will be only two counts of the votes, some Celeb voters may well choose to cast their first-ranked choice as a vote against the Celeb they dislike. Presumably they would do that if they preferred Ghost to win rather than letting the wrong Celeb candidate winning. If enough voters choose to vote against one or the other of the Celeb candidates then Ghost actually could survive to the second round of voting and if a preference for Ghost by the voters whose Celeb candidate lost in the first round then it is quite possible for Ghost to become the winner. Under IRBV, this race is wide open with any of the three candidates having a chance to win.

ARTICLE

Headlined to H3 10/26/16 - Advertisement - 
The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, aka "ObamaCare," was intended to dramatically increase the number of Americans with health coverage while "bending the cost curve" (that is, reducing the expected increases in price over time). 
The plan managed the first goal, at least in the short term. Unsurprising, isn't it, that more people get coverage when the law requires them to buy it, penalizes those who won't, and subsidizes those who can't afford to? 
But the progress on that metric is beginning to disintegrate and we're moving in the other direction. Bloomberg reports that 1.4 million Americans in 32 states will lose the health plans they now have next year as major providers pull out of the ObamaCare "exchanges" because they're losing money. Apaprently a business has to take in more than it spends if it wants to remain a going concern. I'm sure I've read that somewhere. 
As far as "bending the cost curve" is concerned ... well ... according to the US Department of Health and Human Services, cited by US News & World Report , average premiums rose by 7.5% last year and will rise by 25% in 2017. Price inflation for most consumer goods over the 2015-2016 period averaged a little more than 1%. Forgive me for thinking that when costs increase at 7-25 times the rate of inflation, that's not really a lot of "bend" to the "curve." 
In 2009, I described (the then notional, yet to be passed into law) ObamaCare as "[g]overnment feeds you to the insurance companies, while simultaneously feeding the insurance companies to you. The state takes home a doggie bag." Which is about the size of it, and I was far from the only person who noticed and warned that the plan not only wouldn't work, but COULDN'T work, if the goal was reducing costs and increasing access to health care. Artificially increasing demand relative to supply can only have the opposite effects. 
Since 2010, Republicans (who, by the way, first proposed the "individual mandate" scheme) have slowly but surely retreated from the idea of repealing ObamaCare and replacing it with nothing, instead proposing various schemes for keeping government as involved as possible in health care while pretending to "return" it to "the free market" (there hasn't been a free market in health care for more than a century, since the American Medical Association got licensing schemes imposed by the states so that it could limit the number of doctors and thereby keep their salaries high). - Advertisement - 
Most Americans are now worse off vis a vis health care than they were six years ago. The only winners have been government health bureaucrats. And unfortunately, the politicians don't seem to be interested in getting out of the way and letting the market fix things. Next stop: "Single payer." - Advertisement -

ARTICLE

Happy Birthday, Hillary. You were destined to great things. And you knew it. *** I am astounded . I graduated in political science from the University of Naples, the university of Saint Thomas Aquinas, Giambattista Vico, and Benedetto Croce, in something like the 750 th graduating class; I have tried to keep up with the field as much as I could, even though I have preferred to concentrate on economics and political economy. I have always gotten along with the assumption that politics is "the art of the possible." But, let us give a good look at it. What is in this formula, if not a put down; a downgrading, so downgrading, characterization of this noble science? No wonder politics has become the art of bickering; the art of discord; the art of grasping at reefs, while we are drowning in perilous waters. No wonder, politics in the United States and much around the world has become polarized between two factions that fight for supremacy to the death. Not the death of the political class, but to the psychological and physical death of millions of people--in this country, the richest of the countries, the last best hope for mankind. Let alone the millions overseas. No wonder both the right and the left are focused on this set of policies: "Deny them their rights; take their dignity away; give them a warm soup in a cold winter night; and go to sleep in peace." What to say of this debasement of charity? What to say of this debasement of high morality? What to say of this debasement of politics? And there I was the other night, hearing and seeing the following words written on the screen of CNN, in their documentary on Hillary Clinton: - Advertisement - "Politics is not the art of the possible" politics is the art of making the impossible" possible." These are the words, not of Hillary of today or yesterday. These are the words of a young woman who breaks with tradition at the stodgy prestigious Wellesley College and becomes the first valedictorian in the history of that college. This is Hillary who is called to lead her class, not via invitation by academicians or administrators at Wellesley, but by her classmates who recognized the force of her leadership. This is Hillary Rodham, later to become Clinton, who throws away her prepared speech and delivers her oration extemporaneously: "Politics is not the art of the possible" politics is the art of making the impossible" possible." This is Hillary who is immediately recognized in the national press as a force of nature: woman's nature. This is a woman who could have been researching and writing and talking about political science for a lifetime. - Advertisement - This is a woman who could have climbed the rungs of academia with grace and ease. Instead" She preferred to practice what she had discovered at such a young age. She rolled up her sleeves and went to work to make it possible for children to have a better life than the one to which they were clearly doomed by a society in thrall of control and scarcity and fear .

ARTICLE

(39 fans) - Advertisement - 
We've long had early voting - by a few days, as I recall. And this wasn't something people were prompted to do. Voting License DMCA 
In most 'democratic' countries, campaigning stops twenty-four hours before an election, and during the election, exit polls are not broadcast until very late in the day. 
This year, for the first time, I believe, large numbers of people are voting weeks ahead of the election date, and what is most disturbing, is that the media is broadcasting the trends - so many democrats, so many republicans - even if they those votes have not yet been counted, and there could be any crossovers. I haven't seen anything about this on television and I presume the NYT has kept quiet about it, but it certainly doesn't look kosher to me. - Advertisement -

ARTICLE

Here Are The Presstitutes Who Control American's Minds . 
I just heard an NPR presstitute declare that Texas, a traditional sure thing for Republicans was up for grabs in the presidential election. Little wonder if this report on Zero Hedge is correct. Apparently, the voting machines are already at work stealing the election for Killary. 
From my long experience in journalism, I know the American public is not very sharp. Nevertheless, it is difficult for me to believe that Americans, whose jobs, careers, and the same for their children and grandchildren, have been sold out by the elites who Hillary represents would actually vote for her. It makes no sense. If this were the case, how did Trump get the Republican nomination despite the vicious presstitute campaign against him? 
It seems obvious that the majority of Americans who have been suffering terribly at the hands of the One Percent who own Hillary lock, stock, and barrel, will not vote for the people who have ruined their lives and the lives of their children and grandchildren. 
Furthermore, if Trump's election is as impossible as the presstitutes tell us--Hillary's win is 93% certain according to the latest presstitute pronouncement--the vicious 24/7 attacks on Trump would be pointless. Wouldn't they? Why the constant, frenetic, vicious attacks on a person who has no chance? - Advertisement - 
There are reports that a company associated with Hillary backer George Soros is supplying the voting machines to 16 states, including states that determine election outcomes. I do not know that these reports are correct. However, I do know for a fact that the oligarchic interests that rule America are opposed to Trump being elected President for the simple reason that they are unsure that they would be able to control him. 
It is hard to believe that dispossessed Americans will vote for Hillary, the representative of those who have dispossessed them, when Trump says he will re-empower the dispossessed. Hillary has denigrated ordinary Americans who, she says, she is so removed from by her wealth that she doesn't even know who they are. Clearly, Hillary, paid $675,000 by Goldman Sachs for three 20-minute speeches, is not a representative of the people. She represents the One Percent whose policies have flushed the prospects of ordinary Americans down the toilet. 
What is really disturbing is the pretense by the presstitute scum that Trump's lewd admiration for female charms is deemed more important than the prospect of nuclear war. At no time during the presidential primaries or during the current presidential campaign has it been mentioned that Russia is being assaulted daily by propaganda, threatened by military buildups, and being convinced that the United States and its European vassals are planning an attack. 
A threatened Russia, made insecure by inexplicable hostility and Western propaganda, is a danger manufactured by the neoconservative supporters of Hillary Clinton. 
If the American people are really so unbelievably stupid that they think lewd remarks about women are more important than avoiding nuclear war, the American people are too stupid to exist. They will deserve the mushroom clouds that will wipe them and everyone else off the face of the earth. - Advertisement - 
Donald Trump is the only candidate in the primaries and the general election who has said that he sees no point in conflict with Russia when Putin has shown nothing but desire to work things out to mutual advantage. 
In contrast, Hillary has declared the thrice-elected president of Russia to be "the new Hitler" and has threatened Russia with military action. Hillary talks openly about regime change in Russia. 
Surely, in a free media at least one person in the print and TV media would raise this most important of all points. But where have you seen it? 
Only in my columns and a few others in the alternative media.

ARTICLE

License DMCA The American journalist, Edward Bernays, is often described as the man who invented modern propaganda. The nephew of Sigmund Freud, the pioneer of psycho-analysis, it was Bernays who coined the term "public relations" as a euphemism for spin and its deceptions. In 1929, he persuaded feminists to promote cigarettes for women by smoking in the New York Easter Parade -- behavior then considered outlandish. One feminist, Ruth Booth, declared, "Women! Light another torch of freedom! Fight another sex taboo!" Bernays' influence extended far beyond advertising. His greatest success was his role in convincing the American public to join the slaughter of the First World War. The secret, he said, was "engineering the consent" of people in order to "control and regiment [them] according to our will without their knowing about it." 
He described this as "the true ruling power in our society" and called it an "invisible government." Today, the invisible government has never been more powerful and less understood. In my career as a journalist and film-maker, I have never known propaganda to insinuate our lives and as it does now and to go unchallenged. Imagine two cities. Both are under siege by the forces of the government of that country. Both cities are occupied by fanatics, who commit terrible atrocities, such as beheading people. - Advertisement - 
But there is a vital difference. In one siege, the government soldiers are described as liberators by Western reporters embedded with them, who enthusiastically report their battles and air strikes. There are front page pictures of these heroic soldiers giving a V-sign for victory. There is scant mention of civilian casualties. In the second city -- in another country nearby -- almost exactly the same is happening. Government forces are laying siege to a city controlled by the same breed of fanatics. The difference is that these fanatics are supported, supplied and armed by "us" -- by the United States and Britain. They even have a media center that is funded by Britain and America. Another difference is that the government soldiers laying siege to this city are the bad guys, condemned for assaulting and bombing the city -- which is exactly what the good soldiers do in the first city. Confusing? Not really. Such is the basic double standard that is the essence of propaganda. I am referring, of course, to the current siege of the city of Mosul by the government forces of Iraq, who are backed by the United States and Britain and to the siege of Aleppo by the government forces of Syria, backed by Russia. One is good; the other is bad. - Advertisement - What is seldom reported is that both cities would not be occupied by fanatics and ravaged by war if Britain and the United States had not invaded Iraq in 2003. That criminal enterprise was launched on lies strikingly similar to the propaganda that now distorts our understanding of the civil war in Syria. Without this drumbeat of propaganda dressed up as news, the monstrous ISIS and Al-Qaida and al-Nusra and the rest of the jihadist gang might not exist, and the people of Syria might not be fighting for their lives today. Some may remember in 2003 a succession of BBC reporters turning to the camera and telling us that Blair was "vindicated" for what turned out to be the crime of the century. The US television networks produced the same validation for George W. Bush. Fox News brought on Henry Kissinger to effuse over Colin Powell's fabrications. The same year, soon after the invasion, I filmed an interview in Washington with Charles Lewis, the renowned American investigative journalist. I asked him, "What would have happened if the freest media in the world had seriously challenged what turned out to be crude propaganda?"

ARTICLE

October Sky, Good Harbor Beach MA(image by Richard Turcotte) License DMCA Religion is what gives people hope in a world torn apart by religion - Jon Stewart Our Constitution granted each and every one of us the freedom to believe or not believe as we decide. That protection applies to all of us, and when one group has decreed by some spiritual osmosis that their version of the unverifiable and occasionally insane has been decreed as the new Law, then it is up to the rest of us to put that crazy back where it belongs: away from public influence. It's done enough damage as it is. Mankind offers a long history of reliance on others by religious believers with the former being no more intelligent or enlightened than the average man/woman on the street (often far less, if history--or current events--is our guide). Personal thought and introspection have accordingly been relinquished--then, and certainly now. Those presumably more enlightened individuals [bear with me] in turn define and explain their versions of truths, beliefs, and obligations--all in the context of a judging, to-be-feared-and-obeyed, person-like Entity. No small measure of self-interest factors in to their assessments. Keeping ardent followers sufficiently agitated about some loving Deity's wrath [an oxymoron on a grand scale!] allows those professing a direct phone line to the One and Only all the time and opportunity they need to preserve their political and economic advantages without so much as a peep from those loyal supplicants. Hell of a racket.... The current crop of Its spokespeople earn kudos for the ways in which they have fashioned very creative takes on what they claim to be The One and Only Word. Perhaps it's time that we all recognize and simply accept [assuming we accept any kind of theology to begin with] that one religious conviction is in fact no more rational--or irrational--than another. With so many contradictory beliefs, either there is some other unifying and overarching principle, or we will continue to sabotage ourselves and the future of generations to follow by fighting to assert we're right and everyone else is wrong. We own that choice. By its very nature the Source of our Universe is unfathomable. We simply do not have the means or capabilities to define with certainty that great mystery--try as we do. So instead, a great many among us have fashioned a notion that some human-like-but-slightly-better-and-bigger-person-like God/Allah/Whatever created all. Furthermore--apparently--only some know just what It wants from us. That is so convenient, isn't it! - Advertisement - That also frees up some thinking time on the part of those same loyal followers. Why think if someone else is willing to do all of that hard work for us, Right? Aside from that perk, this ceding of rational contemplation is a problem. Always has been. It will continue to be. For all of us, that must change. Acquiescence--or silence--each carry consequences. Were they limited to those followers disinclined to ponder their marching orders, we would certainly have at least one less set of concerns on our plates. If only.... Any honest reading of American history does not suggest a Christian nation that has had secularism forced on it in recent years by liberal forces, but the opposite. Ours is a country that has always been basically secular but has always had to contend with a loud-mouthed minority of theocrats who periodically succeed at using government to push religion until the forces of secularism beat them back again. It's obvious why conservative Christians would like to believe otherwise. Believing they're an oppressed group being denied their birthright is a lot more fun than accepting that they are an oppressive group trying to steal basic freedoms from everyone else. Ignorance, narrow-mindedness, self-serving behaviors, paranoia, fears, and the full range of irrational, fact-challenged nonsense do not manifest themselves inside a protective bubble. The more we collectively permit the subtle infiltration of curiously hypocritical mandates into policy-making, the more certain we can be that outcomes will benefit only very few. Basic math skills tell us that when only a few "win," most lose. That's not a good place for us to be. - Advertisement - Adapted from a blog post of mine View Ratings | Rate It http://richardturcotte.com/ 
Looking Left and Right: Inspiring Different Ideas, Envisioning Better Tomorrows Rich Turcotte is a retired attorney, former financial advisor, and now a writer. The mission: informing others about the significance and impact of Peak ( more... )

ARTICLE

(7 fans) - Advertisement - 
Recently, around midnight, two young men were trying to steal some money from my car. Unknowingly, they tripped the car alarm and I woke up as soon as it went off since my bedroom is very close to the driveway. They stole my registration and insurance card. I immediately called Middle Township Police. The police were very kind and helpful, and I'd like to thank them. This is one example of many of increasing terror/criminal activities in New Jersey, which is an issue we need to address without delay. We have to make sure we are taking appropriate action to deter crimes throughout New Jersey. According to a report on NJ.com, the 2015 FBI data showed there were 363 murders in New Jersey -- up from 349 the previous year. The slight bump increased the rate to 4.1 murders per 100,000 residents. Sexual assault, murder, manslaughter, rape, and robbery are also increasing. Last month, in some counties, disputes between police and criminals resulted in shootings. Crime seems to be rising steadily and violently at an accelerating rate in New Jersey's major counties. The above-mentioned issues might affect tourism, which in turn will affect New Jersey's economy as a whole. New Jersey is a beautiful state but recently, higher taxes, limited job opportunities, crimes and poorly paid workers are adding to poverty, and need to be addressed properly. I think this has and will hinder the growth of New Jersey's economy and the rise of crime now and in the future. The executive director of the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime, Yury Fedotov, told the Convention in Vienna, the 2030 agenda for sustainable development acknowledged that confronting crime and promoting the rule of law were essential to the achievement of the sustainable-development goals. World Health Organization said, "We need to integrate violence prevention into social and educational policies, and thereby promote social equality." There is a variety of intervention programs we need to implement that may help people, especially young people, stop committing crimes. If our goal is to reduce crimes then programs related to those should be located in local areas. We also need a systematic approach to support schools to activate their involvement against crime activities to develop these kinds of programs that will demonstrate positive results. We also need to teach crime-resolution skills to our small children. In my opinion, the key to making New Jersey less dangerous is to reduce the time and effort that makes it so expensive to arrest and convict the guilty people, costing more for New Jersey as a whole. I think creating more job opportunities will reduce the crime. It is a basic human right to live crime-free and from being a victim of one. - Advertisement - However, many countries around the globe failed to identify the problems and have no program against it that has left many people with no choice but to become a victim of crime. There is an urgent need for crime protection and human-rights monitoring. - Advertisement -

ARTICLE

Prometheus Brings Fire To Man(image by Friedrich Fuger) License DMCA I have been 'accused' by another contributor at OEN of advocating violent resistance against the US government. So I need to address this issue. In a comment on an anti-war article by David Swanson, I stated clearly that I am not a violent revolutionary because peace has to begin somewhere and the only place I have real control is with myself so I accept the principle that a peace and an anti-war position begins with me. But what does taking a serious peace-position mean? Many years ago, more than once, I protested and 'marched' with Martin Luther King Jr. for peace and justice at home and abroad (Vietnam). I paid for this with threats on my life, a broken wrist, and a fractured occipital bone. A man I knew at the time told me that if I had cut my hair and stayed at home or just gone to a baseball game or some other proper American activity instead of walking the street and asking for trouble, I would never have suffered those threats and injuries. He said that I was the one who caused the violence. And in a way, he was right. When MLK decided to organize protests and marches, he was asking for trouble. And he knew it better than anyone. When he was talking and marching about racial equality and against war he was risking the possibility of injury or death, but when he moved to Chicago to live with the poor and began openly demanding changes in the economic system that risk possibility became a certainty. From that decision on there was a bullet with his name on it. Many people suffered threats, injury, and sometimes death because of MLK. He caused a great deal of violence because he was serious about radically changing the socio-economic system he lived in and knew the change would never come if he simply wrote letters to his congressman and restricted his activity to baseball games and other proper things. When Bobby Kennedy decided to begin dismantling the CIA, he was asking for big trouble. And he got it: Murder. Poor man should have just stuck to baseball games, flag waving, and ineffective idealistic speeches. Or he and King should have just dropped out of public view and retreated into an Eastern monastery, anonymously meditated for the rest of their lives, and let karma take care of everything. Because taking a serious position in the world (outside a monastery) is just asking for trouble, as in VIOLENCE. - Advertisement - When I was a teenager there was a huge popular wave of anti-Christian and pro-Hindu sentiment among mostly white young people in the US. India was endlessly referred to as the true Holy Land in which rose the true Holy Men. All Western 'saints' were just shallow pretenders. I was always troubled and alienated by this partly because I had some knowledge of the history of India and was quite aware of its age-long atrocious poverty and class-discrimination reality. I was amazed at the fact that hip kids in the US would rant about poverty and injustice and class distinction in the US and simply ignore these realities in India because there were these bearded-beaded gurus in lotus-position Samadhi transcendence in India. Very strange reality-disconnect. I never bought it and it took me years of academic study and self-examination to see how deep this doubt on my part really went. I finally realized that I actually saw the transcendental Hindu philosophy of India as itself being ethically lacking in some essential way that I had difficulty articulating to myself. It wasn't a matter of political activity. By this time I had already realized that I was an anarchist and rejected political structures on principle because they were inevitably hierarchical and therefore gave powers and rights to a few people and denied these powers and rights to the rest of the people. My rejection of India and its spiritual philosophy wasn't political. It went deeper than that. Then it suddenly hit me that India's poverty was a blazing symbol of India's denial of the reality and value of the material world. It simply didn't matter that masses of people lived in nightmare poverty. I was a child in the Roman Catholic Church and I took it very seriously. I took Jesus Christ very seriously. I took all of Christian mythology very seriously. I thought and felt and evaluated all things in life in terms of this mythology. Then something began to happen that caused some major cracks in the walls of my cathedral world. I began to get a sense, a tormenting sense, that there was some sort of core contradiction in the whole thing. I started becoming very uneasy about this unimaginably big guy called GOD. It wasn't that I doubted that He was there (somewhere). It was more that I was profoundly troubled about what it was exactly that He was up to. I mean what was all this really about? I was a serious theology student even as a young man and this is the problem I ran into: If God was infinite, eternal, omniscient, omnipotent and perfect in every possible way, then what was the point of me? I was completely unnecessary because everything was already perfect. And me? I was unimaginably far away from perfect. So what was the point of me? I was like an infinitesimal stain on perfection. And I couldn't erase myself. I could only hope that GOD would tolerate me. Forever. And the idea that I was loved by GOD precisely because I was a miserable and hopelessly imperfect little sinner was actually more disgusting and terrifying than it was affirming. I mean what the HELL was going on? Why was I created? I was sure that I knew exactly how Frankenstein's monster felt. And I began to sense what I would later think of as the blind cruelty of the transcendent. Let me explain one more thing before I return to the original question of revolutionary violence. The story of the resurrection and ascension of Jesus Christ in Christian mythology is very peculiar if one looks at it very closely. I am not referring merely to the claim that someone actually rose from the dead. It goes beyond that. Please look at this with me. The mythology claims that Jesus rose from the dead physically and showed himself to his disciples who saw and heard and touched him physically. It was a physical body addressing them. Then this physical body began to do things that physical bodies can't ordinarily do. It moved through physical walls without doing any damage to itself or the wall. Then it finally ascended. That is, it disappeared leaving absolutely nothing physical behind. The ordinary explanation for this in Christian teaching is that the body of Christ was spiritualized. But if that is the correct explanation then why was it ever physical or material to begin with? Why did Jesus bother to rise from the grave physically at all if he was only going to spiritualize in the end? For that matter, what was the point of 'imperfect' material creation at all if its destiny is only to return into pure spirit in the end? It's not only senseless, it is downright perverse. It's a grotesquerie that has no point. The material world has a point in itself or it doesn't and if it doesn't then why is it even here? And if it does then we need to become conscious of what its point is. The frequently expressed opinion that we are really spiritual beings who are just here in the material world to learn is nonsense to which I say, "Learn what? How to be spiritual? If we are meant to be learning how to be spiritual then we should have stayed spiritual. And if we are learning how to be material then material existence has a meaning in itself that is not just spiritual. And if material existence has meaning in itself then we need to learn how to guard the sanctity of material existence, which means that it is not acceptable that people force other people into poverty or into war or into any form of material deprivation or abuse . We material revolutionaries fight for the sanctity of material existence. To fight for this means to stand up physically and if standing up physically leads to violence then that is the price we pay for doing what is right. And to deny the sanctity of the material world is to render it absurd and therefore to render reality absurd." - Advertisement - I do not advocate any initiation of violence. But if violence comes to us for standing up for human material dignity then we accept it and we persist until we triumph or until death lays us down. "To suffer woes which Hope thinks infinite; To forgive wrongs deeper than death or night; To defy Power, which seems omnipotent;

ARTICLE

License DMCA 
There is an epic clash of two cultures -- one with a guiding ethic of harmony between people and nature, the other driven by an ethos that encourages the exploitation of both. Yet, for months, our clueless media gave this match-up little coverage. 
For the face-off is between Energy Transfer Partners, one of the world's largest pipeline corporations, and the Standing Rock Lakota Sioux Tribe. It's not merely big news, but the panoramic story of America itself. It's a real reality show -- a cultural, political and moral drama featuring raw greed, grassroots courage, class war, ancient rites, human rights, defenders of the common good, the most nefarious Texas oilman since J. R. Ewing, a historic gathering of Native tribes and a Bull-Connor-style sheriff -- all on location near a North Dakota town named Cannon Ball! 
The Dakota Access Pipeline is a massive 1,172-mile-long pipeline being constructed by EPT. It will cut through North Dakota, South Dakota, Iowa and Illinois. This pipeline, owned by oilman Kelcy Warren, crosses 200 rivers and countless farms, and it cuts through the ancestral lands and burial grounds of the Tribe. 
DAPL risks economic and environmental disaster. The corporation plans to bury its oil pipeline under the Missouri, beneath the Lakota people's main source of water for drinking, bathing, irrigation, fishing, and recreation. As a Lakota phrase says -- water is life -- and one rupture could be ruinous. 
In April, the Standing Rock Sioux made their stand. Some 35 tribal leaders established Sacred Stone Camp, just off their reservation and near where ETP's engineers intend to tunnel under the river. After the tribe's social media network spread word of the rebellion, a spontaneous migration of Native people -- not coordinated by anyone -- began arriving at the camp to stand in solidarity against ETP. - Advertisement - 
They came in cars, campers, and caravans -- some even paddled down the Missouri in traditional canoes. By August, representatives of 280 Native American tribes had joined, making this the largest, most diverse, cross-tribal action in U.S. history. Sacred Stone Camp pulsated with a sense of rediscovered power, ancestral duty, and indigenous culture. Not only were spirits high, but the extraordinary unity of so many diverse Native cultures -- boldly gathering in a show of strength and shouting "NO" to yet another arrogant act of gross injustice -- seemed to herald a reawakening. 
As the protest gained strength -- and was joined by thousands of progressives and covered by independent media -- ETP and its political minions responded predictably: with panic, whining, lies, and brute force. 
North Dakota's governor, Jack Dalrymple falsely wailed that "unlawful acts associated with the protest near Cannon Ball have led to serious public safety concerns and property damage." He declared a state of emergency, set up road blocks to seal off the reservation, brought in riot-clad troopers, removed state water and health services from the protest area, and used his state PR machine to demonize the activists as a violent threat to surrounding towns of white people. 
ETP's legal beagles have attempted to silence protesters by filing hokey lawsuits against several tribal leaders and activists that may be aimed at bankrupting defendants with legal fees; seeking a federal injunction against anyone interfering with pipeline construction; and threatening to prosecute Native Americans for -- Oh, the irony! -- trespassing on land that was theirs before it was stolen from them. 
On Labor Day weekend, a DAPL crew suddenly started construction on the under-river tunnel, reportedly damaging tribal burial sites. When unarmed protesters put their bodies in front of the machinery, a line of private "pipeline guards" showed up and blasted at least 30 protesters with pepper spray and sicced a pack of attack dogs on them. At least six people were bitten, including a child and a pregnant woman. - Advertisement - 
At least four reporters have been charged with everything from criminal trespass to conspiracy for trying to cover what the mainstream media won't touch. Charges are still pending for some of these journalists. 
Standing Rock tribe's chair, Dave Archambault has made clear that the Native people are committed to the higher values of "our lands, people, water, and sacred sites." As they have been for millennia, the tribe's actions today must be based on the common good of their grandchildren and their grandchildren-generations into the future. The Standing Rock Sioux are in this fight for the long haul: "Our fight isn't over until there is permanent protection of our people and resources from the pipeline. We won't stop until they [EPT] stop." To find out more and join the fight, go to www.SacredStoneCamp.org .

ARTICLE

License DMCA 
Walking away from a long-standing tradition of covering issues and presidential policies during campaign season, the network evening newscasts have all but abandoned that type of reporting this year, according to recent tabulations from Tyndall Report, which for decades has tracked the flagship nightly news programs. 
Since the beginning of 2016, ABC's World News Tonight , CBS Evening News and NBC Nightly News have devoted just 32 minutes to issues coverage, according to Andrew Tyndall. 
Differentiating issues coverage from daily campaign coverage where policy topics might be addressed, Tyndall defines issues coverage by a newscast this way: "It takes a public policy, outlines the societal problem that needs to be addressed, describes the candidates' platform positions and proposed solutions, and evaluates their efficacy." 
And here's how that kind of in-depth coverage breaks down, year to date, by network: 
ABC: 8 minutes, all of which covered terrorism. - Advertisement - 
NBC: 8 minutes for terrorism, LBGT issues, and foreign policy. 
CBS: 16 minutes for foreign policy, terrorism, immigration, policing, and the Environmental Protection Agency. 
And this remarkable finding from Tyndall [emphasis added]: 
"No trade, no healthcare, no climate change, no drugs, no poverty, no guns, no infrastructure, no deficits. To the extent that these issues have been mentioned, it has been on the candidates' terms, not on the networks' initiative." 
These numbers are staggering in terms of the complete retreat they represent from issues-orientated campaign coverage. Just eight years ago, the last time both parties nominated new candidates for the White House, the network newscasts devoted 220 minutes to issues coverage, compared to only 32 minutes so far this year. ( CBS Evening News went from 119 minutes of issues coverage in 2008 to 16 this year.) - Advertisement - 
Note that during the Republican primary season alone, the networks spent 333 minutes focusing on Donald Trump. Yet for all of 2016, they have set aside just one-tenth of that for issue reporting. 
And look at this: Combined, the three network newscasts have slotted 100 minutes so far this year for reporting on Hillary Clinton's emails while she served as secretary of state, but just 32 minutes for all issues coverage . (NBC's Nightly News has spent 31 minutes on the emails this year; just eight minutes on issues.) 
Indeed, this approach used to be a hallmark of presidential campaign reporting; outline what candidates stand for, describe what their presidency might look like, and compare and contrast that platform with his or her opponents. i.e., What would the new president's top priorities be on the first day of his or her new administration? 
It seems clear that the media's abandonment of issues coverage benefits Trump since his campaign has done very little to outline the candidate's core beliefs. Clinton, by contrast, has done the opposite.

ARTICLE

(128 fans) - Advertisement - 
A new poll from an unlikely source suggests that the U.S. public and the U.S. media have very little in common when it comes to matters of war and peace. 
This poll was commissioned by that notorious leftwing hotbed of peaceniks, the Charles Koch Institute, along with the Center for the National Interest (previously the Nixon Center, and before that the humorously named Nixon Center for Peace and Freedom). The poll was conducted by Survey Sampling International. 
They polled 1,000 registered voters from across the U.S. and across the political spectrum but slanted slightly toward older age groups. They asked: 
"Over the last 15 years, do you think U.S. foreign policy has made Americans more or less safe?" 
What, dear reader, do you say? 
If you say less safe, you not only agree with dozens of top U.S. officials the week after they retire, but you agree with 52.5% of the people polled. Those who said "more safe" add up to 14%, while 25.2% said "about the same" and 8.3% just didn't know. 
Well, at least all these humanitarian wars to spread democracy and eliminate weapons and destroy terror have benefited the rest of the world, right? 
Not according to the statistics that show terrorism on the rise during the war on terrorism, and not according to 50.5% of poll respondents who said U.S. foreign policy has made the world less safe. Meanwhile 12.6% said "more safe" while 24.1% said it was about the same and 12.8% didn't know. - Advertisement - 
Asked about four wars in particular, registered U.S. voters said each of them had made the U.S. less secure, by a margin of 49.6% to 20.9% on Iraq, 42.2% to 18.9% on Libya, 42.2% to 24.3% on Afghanistan, and 40.8% to 32.1% on bombing ISIS in Syria. 
These answers should not immediately be taken to prove that the U.S. public is universally wise and well informed, and (not coincidentally) at odds with U.S. media. Not only is that margin pretty slim on ISIS, but 43.3% of those polled said ISIS was the greatest threat the United States faces. Meanwhile 14.1% named Russia, 8.5% North Korea, 8.1% the national debt, 7.9% domestic terrorists, and bringing up the rear with the correct answer of global warming as the greatest threat were a grand total of 4.6% of those polled. 
A survey of U.S. news reports would certainly suggest a point of agreement here between the public and the media. But here is where it gets interesting. Although the public believes the hype about danger emanating from these foreign forces, it does not favor the solution it is endlessly offered by the media and the U.S. government. When asked if, compared to last 15 years, the next president should use the U.S. military abroad less, 51.1% agreed, while 24.2% said it should be used more. And 80.0% said that any president should be required to get congressional authorization before committing the U.S. to military action, while 10.2% rejected that radical idea that's been in the U.S. Constitution since day 1. 
The U.S. public may look quite depressingly ignorant in a quick survey of Youtube videos, but check this out: Asked if the U.S. government should deploy U.S. troops on the ground in Syria 51.1% said no, compared to 23.5% who said yes. Only 10% said yes on Yemen, while 22.8% said no -- however, 40.7% said the U.S. government should keep "supporting" Saudi Arabia in that war. 
Good majorities also oppose Japan acquiring nuclear weapons, Germany acquiring nuclear weapons, or the U.S. defending Taiwan against a Chinese attack. (Who invents these scenarios?) - Advertisement - 
This moderately encouraging survey of public sentiment stands in stark contrast to U.S. media coverage of wars in general and Syria in particular . The New York Times' Nicholas Kristof is ready for a bigger war as are columnists in the Washington Post and USA Today , as well as, of course Chuck Todd and other televised talking head. Meanwhile Hillary Clinton's comment to Goldman Sachs that a "no fly zone" would require "killing a lot of Syrians" has received dramatically less press than her brave calls for creating a humanitarian no fly zone, and the steady depiction of that proposal as "doing something" -- in contrast to the only other option: "doing nothing." 
The public, however, rejects the only "something" that's on offer and just might leap at the opportunity to try something else, if anyone ever proposed anything else . View Ratings | Rate It http://davidswanson.org David Swanson is the author of "When the World Outlawed War," "War Is A Lie" and "Daybreak: Undoing the Imperial Presidency and Forming a More Perfect Union." He blogs at http://davidswanson.org and http://warisacrime.org and works for the online ( more... )

ARTICLE

The Cosmic Story: Scorpio New Moon, October 30, 2016 Entering the Cauldron of Regeneration The Sun entered the sign of Scorpio on Saturday, October 22, 2016. Leaving behind the airy social realm of Libra, we now plunge into the dark watery realms of the Unconscious. As we worked to balance our inner and outer lives in Libra, now we come to the point where we have to let go of what no longer serves us. This requires that we turn within and look at those emotions which keep us imprisoned in our pasts. As we face our inner darkness, the world outside is also growing dark. The Sun moves lower into the southern hemisphere, bringing them the warmth of Spring and coming Summer, while leaving us in the North with fading light, shorter days and colder weather. Nature is letting go of its life as the year dies. Samhain Ritual 2012 License DMCA Samhain Ritual/Sekhmet Just after this intense New Moon we'll be celebrating Samhain, the last Gate of the Wheel of the Year. At Samhain, the old year dies so the new year can be born. The veils between the world are very thin, and the spirits of the dead are very close to us. We celebrate Samhain, Halloween, All Hallow's Eve, the Day of the Dead, All Saints Day and All Souls Day to honor our ancestors at this transitional time. - Advertisement - The great goddess who embodies the energies of Samhain is Hecate, most ancient Goddess of the Triple Crossroads, Queen of the Witches and Guide and Protector on the road to the Underworld. She stands at the Crossroads with her two torches and her black dog at her side. She can see the past, the present and the future and while we each have to choose our path, she lends us one of her torches and sends her faithful companion to guide our steps into the mystery of our future selves. For more about Hecate: http://ladywisdomchronicles.blogspot.com/ Scorpio New Moon Scorpio is often considered the most powerful sign in the Zodiac, and those who incarnate as Scorpios, some of the most powerful souls. For Scorpio's initiation is pivotal to our soul's growth, which is to die to be reborn again. For anyone living under patriarchy, where we have been disconnected from our feminine, soulful consciousness, death is the ultimate test to our unconscious Ego. We have been taught to fear death as a punishment or an end, rather than as a transition, a change that will give us back eternal life. And so FEAR is the Gatekeeper we have to face as we sink into the dark, murky emotions from past lives which keep us stuck in old patterns of disconnection, betrayal, horror and hurt. It's interesting that the American elections are always held during the Sun's transit through Scorpio, signaling a transition of power, a transformation of our collective lives. Indeed, that's also what Scorpio is about. Power. The ruling planets of Scorpio are Mars and Pluto. Pluto, or Hades, is the Lord of the Underworld, ruling the unconscious depths within us. These depths can lie quiet when we live by ourselves, but they get stirred up when we relate to others. And that's why Scorpio also rules intimacy, the emotional sharing that's necessary for a deep, rich life. And Mars the Warrior is what is needed to give us the courage to face those emotions. Scorpio is concentrated emotional power which propels the energy of evolution, and so it is the repository of unconscious instinctual drives, old emotional patterns and attachments and the compulsive tendencies that we bring with us personally and collectively from other lifetimes as well as from our early childhood. These old emotional wounds keep us stuck in fear and suspicion. Jung called them the Shadow. They are the parts of us that we can't see about ourselves and which we tend to project onto others instead of taking responsibility for ourselves. The Shadow is alive and well in our culture at the moment. Perhaps the very obvious examples we see in the news will help us deal with our personal Shadows. - Advertisement - When we operate out of these unconscious patterns, we tend to use emotional manipulation, defensiveness and vindictiveness to get our way. This is the lowest form of Scorpionic energy, the unconscious energy of survival at all costs. The Snake often symbolizes this aspect of Scorpio, although its transformation is possible with the shedding of its skin--or our unconscious Ego drives. In many ways, snake is best seen as our instinctual wisdom so perhaps the better symbol is the Scorpion, which will sting itself in its frenzy to sting the other. We've seen this kind of lower Scorpio energy in some of Donald Trump's attacks on women and minorities instead of admitting his own mistakes. Eagle License DMCA Scorpio has three symbols because it concerns the process of transformation, and three is the number of process. The unconscious residue from other lifetimes which eats away at us is symbolized by the scorpion. Once we begin to recognize our Shadow and can name it, the symbol shifts to an Eagle. And Eagle is the highest flying bird, able to see far and wide. Like Great Spirit, it gives us an overview of our lives. Eagle Scorpios can look at and name their Shadows, but they can also repress those shadowy instincts and certainly not talk about them! They use their will power to keep those negative instincts in line. But that's just a step to the third part of the process: the death of old habits and complexes. The re-integration of those repressed emotions and instincts then give rise to a new birth, which is symbolized by the phoenix, who burns up old karma and arises out of the ashes with a new, spiritual vision. This is the initiation of Scorpio. To go through all the tests that life brings us and learn from our mistakes and find the meaning of what it is we are sent here to learn.

ARTICLE

License DMCA 
The United States is so committed to the notion that its electoral process is the world's "gold standard" that there has been a bipartisan determination to maintain the fiction even when evidence is overwhelming that a U.S. presidential election has been manipulated or stolen. The "wise men" of the system simply insist otherwise. 
We have seen this behavior when there are serious questions of vote tampering (as in Election 1960) or when a challenger apparently exploits a foreign crisis to create an advantage over the incumbent (as in Elections 1968 and 1980) or when the citizens' judgment is overturned by judges (as in Election 2000). 
Strangely, in such cases, it is not only the party that benefited which refuses to accept the evidence of wrongdoing, but the losing party and the establishment news media as well. Protecting the perceived integrity of the U.S. democratic process is paramount. Americans must continue to believe in the integrity of the system even when that integrity has been violated. 
The harsh truth is that pursuit of power often trumps the principle of an informed electorate choosing the nation's leaders, but that truth simply cannot be recognized. 
Of course, historically, American democracy was far from perfect, excluding millions of people, including African-American slaves and women. The compromises needed to enact the Constitution in 1787 also led to distasteful distortions, such as counting slaves as three-fifths of a person for the purpose of representation (although obviously slaves couldn't vote). - Advertisement - 
That unsavory deal enabled Thomas Jefferson to defeat John Adams in the pivotal national election of 1800. In effect, the votes of Southern slave owners like Jefferson counted substantially more than the votes of Northern non-slave owners. 
Even after the Civil War when the Constitution was amended to give black men voting rights, the reality for black voting, especially in the South, was quite different from the new constitutional mandate. Whites in former Confederate states concocted subterfuges to keep blacks away from the polls to ensure continued white supremacy for almost a century. 
Women did not gain suffrage until 1920 with the passage of another constitutional amendment, and it took federal legislation in 1965 to clear away legal obstacles that Southern states had created to deny the franchise to blacks. 
Indeed, the alleged voter fraud in Election 1960, concentrated largely in Texas, a former Confederate state and home to John Kennedy's vice presidential running mate, Lyndon Johnson, could be viewed as an outgrowth of the South's heritage of rigging elections in favor of Democrats, the post-Civil War party of white Southerners. 
However, by pushing through civil rights for blacks in the 1960s, Kennedy and Johnson earned the enmity of many white Southerners who switched their allegiance to the Republican Party via Richard Nixon's Southern strategy of coded racial messaging. Nixon also harbored resentments over what he viewed as his unjust defeat in the election of 1960. - Advertisement - 
Nixon's "Treason" 
So, by 1968, the Democrats' once solid South was splintering, but Nixon, who was again the Republican presidential nominee, didn't want to leave his chances of winning what looked to be another close election to chance. Nixon feared that -- with the Vietnam War raging and the Democratic Party deeply divided -- President Johnson could give the Democratic nominee, Vice President Hubert Humphrey, a decisive boost by reaching a last-minute peace deal with North Vietnam. President Richard Nixon with his then-National Security Advisor Henry Kissinger in 1972. License DMCA 
The documentary and testimonial evidence is now clear that to avert a peace deal, Nixon's campaign went behind Johnson's back to persuade South Vietnamese President Nguyen van Thieu to torpedo Johnson's Paris peace talks by refusing to attend. Nixon's emissaries assured Thieu that a President Nixon would continue the war and guarantee a better outcome for South Vietnam.

ARTICLE

The above information is also available in PDF format here: https://www.documentcloud.org/documents/3192131-Podesta-Stats-20-Rev.html 
The full database is provided in the following formats: SPREADSHEET (EXCEL): https://1drv.ms/x/s!AjOxRSb63cIggwp9czI2Wfz6c8H7 (Due to the large file size I have had to utilize OneDrive for this file rather than Google Docs) - Advertisement - 
PDF: (File Uploading - Check Back) 
[NOTE: By necessity this is a very long PDF document - nearly 500 pages - and I have tried to squeeze as much data as is useful per page while keeping the data on a single page format. You can enlarge the text by enlarging the Acrobat reader window.] 
I have made this spreadsheet so that you can filter and sort the data. For example you can use the sender information (as received) using the "From" Column (L). In addition I have separated out the email address and the sender name into two columns at the end of the spreadsheet. What you will find is that some email addresses are associated with multiple user names. Sorting according to these columns will provide a means to determine all emails from a particular email address which will not be visible if you only use the alphabetical sort order of the file names. (This data is only in the spreadsheet. I kept it out of the PDF for presentation). I also include a number which corresponds to how many instances of each (the email address, the user name, and the third (last column) is the number of instances of the original "From" column (which combines both email address and user name). This extra data is essential to determining how many emails were sent from particular individuals rather than just one email address and vice versa. 
The first column (C) is the actual file name - an eight digit number - of the original .eml file. This is followed by the second column (E) which contains the Email ID - this is a number assigned by Wikileaks and can be used in their search engine and is essential to identify the URL to the Wikileaks page for that email. The "Get" column will allow you to download the original .eml file from the Wikileaks database. The "Link" column will open the Wikileaks page to that email on their website. 
The information is presented with a series of colored bands. This is useful for getting a visual image of the whole. Each different colored band represents a different set of emails by data dump (the number of the dump provided in the column of that name ). The DARK ORANGE bands stand out the most - as they represent emails that have yet to be released . This provides a quick visual guide to what is remaining and gaps within a particular sender's set of emails (the emails are listed from the first 1.eml to the last in numerical order - which generates a sort based on the first letter recognized from the "From" column - and this is thus listed alphabetically. This can be confusing, however, as while most names are listed with the first letter of the first name some use the first of the last name (i.e. Paul Begala can be found in the "B" set toward the beginning of the list when sorted by file name (number)).

ARTICLE

Headlined to H3 10/27/16 - Advertisement - A vivid example of benefits from decriminalization of possessing small amounts of marijuana occurred at the Philadelphia airport recently, a few days after the release of a report from two prominent organizations that called for the national decriminalization of personal use/possession of marijuana and other illicit drugs. This example, interestingly, occurred on the day of the second anniversary of Philadelphia's implementation of decriminalization, the enforcement practice that replaces possession arrests with issuance of traffic-ticket like citations. That enforcement change has saved the City of Philadelphia at least $9-million in costs related to arrests and adjudications for marijuana possession, analysts calculate. However, a few days after that decriminalization anniversary in Philadelphia, a news media report detailed the ordeal experienced by a Philadelphia resident arrested in a suburban county adjacent to Philadelphia for a small amount of marijuana. That chance arrest ultimately led to weeks of needless incarceration in New Jersey, the state where Republican Chris Christie, an avowed opponent of decriminalization, serves as governor. Philly pot arrests drop after decriminalization.(image by LBW Photo) License DMCA The Philadelphia airport discovery of a small amount of marijuana in the luggage of three-time Philadelphia GOP mayoral candidate Sam Katz resulted in embarrassment for Katz but not his arrest and subsequent court proceedings. At the airport, Philadelphia police issued a $25 citation to Katz. Receipt of that citation allowed Katz, a nationally respected municipal finance expert turned award winning documentary filmmaker, to continue to Florida for a planned fishing trip instead of a trip to jail. The 2015 discovery of a similar small amount of marijuana at the then suburban Philadelphia home of Ivan Haynes produced a chain of events dramatically different from what happened to Katz. - Advertisement - Police in the suburban Philadelphia community of Bensalem, Bucks County found a few grams of marijuana when serving a warrant on Haynes for a minor offense. Haynes missed court dates for that marijuana possession arrest because Bucks County authorities sent court date notices to the wrong address. Bucks County authorities issued a bench warrant for the arrest of Haynes when he did not appear in court despite his lack of awareness of those court proceedings. In July 2016, when Haynes was in an automobile that had a minor accident on the New Jersey turnpike, State Police detained him on that bench warrant. That detention led to Haynes' imprisonment in NJ for 41-days before his extradition to Bucks County. Upon return to Pennsylvania Haynes was quickly released by Bucks County authorities and subsequently sentenced to time served (in NJ) for that 2015 marijuana possession arrest. That NJ incarceration robbed the self-employed Haynes of jobs and cost him good-will of some clients. In 2015, Bucks County registered the third highest number of marijuana possession arrests in Pennsylvania at 1,010. Bucks County, Pa -- like the entire state of New Jersey -- has not decriminalized possession of small amounts of marijuana. Over half of the nearly 25,000 marijuana possession arrests in New Jersey during 2014 were for amounts of 50-grams or less. Marijuana prohibition has cost NJ taxpayers between $150-200-million since 2010 when Christie took office, experts estimate. - Advertisement - Before Philadelphia became the largest city in America to implement decriminalization of simple possession of marijuana on October 20, 2014 thousands endured arrest annually. Those arrests produced the stain of a criminal record and often incarceration. During the years 2012-2013 before decriminalization in Philadelpia police arrested 8,580 adults and juveniles. Philadelphia possession arrest figures for 2015 and part of 2016 after implementation of decriminalization, around 1,500 Philadelphians experienced arrest for marijuana possession -- a marked decrease. "Decriminalization has been a resounding success for the municipal government and for cannabis consumers in Philadelphia," PhillyNORML official Chris Goldstein said. Goldstein, an expert on cannabis policy, writes a weekly column on cannabis issue for philly.com, the news website for Philadelphia's two daily newspapers. Days before the decriminalization of marijuana possession anniversary in Philadelphia a report issued jointly by Human Rights Watch and the American Civil Liberties Union called on federal and state authorities to decriminalize personal use and possession of drugs due to the documented failures of the War on Drugs. The two organizations recommended a shift from shift enforcement to prevention and harm reductions.

ARTICLE

License DMCA 
A Story from Far Away 
The holiday season is upon us, and I have a beautiful story to share with you. I told this story to a customer of mine, and, when I'd finished, she told me this in response: 
"I was a manager of a business," the customer related, "and every Christmas I would leave a gift on each of the employees' desks around four o'clock in the morning. I never told them the gift was from me, but I noticed how each recipient would react to it with a sense of "wonder," which seemed to last through the following year. When I quit my job, I told the owner that I was the one who had left those gifts for everyone. I told him I had been doing that for the past ten years, and asked him to promise me that, as the owner of the business, he would continue the tradition after I left." 
What could I say to this customer, except that she had obviously understood the story I had told her and that she had in effect recapitulated it in spirit in her own life. It still feels good to me to tell that story, and the fact that it spurred my customer to mention its connection to her own good deeds at Christmas makes me want to tell it to you now". - Advertisement - 
" A LONG TIME AGO before there were microscopes, it was not uncommon for a man to lose his whole family to a virus. Medical people only had suspicions about what could be causing those illnesses, and they used terms like "unfilterable substances" to describe what we now identify as viruses. 
"A man who lived in Turkey many years ago experienced such illness at first hand, losing his entire family to it in one fell swoop. He walked the streets every day, thinking about nothing except how much he missed his family. In his heartbreak, he heard people around him arguing about money in front of their children. How were they going to pay the rent, or buy food? Feeling, in spite of his own sorrow, great compassion for the troubles of others, this Turkish man listened through each window, or cracked door, or hollow wall in the houses of his neighbors to try to determine whom they owed money to or which groceries they were lacking. 
"With the information he garnered, this great man did what he could to help his neighbors. He never told anyone that he was the one who delivered the needed groceries, but simply left them at the door and sneaked away. For him, bereft of his family, it must have been a relief to feel needed and make his existence meaningful again. Later, he would walk by the same homes in the area and see how much happier his neighbors were. He also sensed the relief the children themselves must have felt. Yet, even when he paid his neighbors' bills, he did so in a manner that would not leave a trail leading to him. I tell you this, because the kind Turkish man kept up his charitable works for over ten years, and yet not a soul ever discovered who it was that mysteriously left the loving gifts. 
"Life is filled with wonder, and one day it comes to an end. After the good Turk died, the whole town kept asking, "Where are the gifts?" "Who was doing this?" Finally, putting two and two together, they figured it out. I am proud to say that, in this case, humanity took care of one of its own. They dug up the old man's bones and built a small walkway to the museum where he now rests. By this Samaritan's example, they taught the children how a great man should act and encouraged them to do him the honor of visiting him in the museum. I can only imagine the anxiety felt by the townspeople in trying to live up to the greatness with which they had been confronted! 
"Since the great man did his deeds, every succeeding generation has willingly retold his story with ever a bit more embellishment. But the imagination they display in doing so can never surpass or even compare to what one man did in helping others while not ever seeking either recognition or praise." - Advertisement -

ARTICLE

License DMCA 
I stand with the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe in their opposition to the Dakota Access Pipeline . We have witnessed inspiring and brave acts by Native Americans and their allies who are defending and trying to protect their sacred sites and the safety of their sole source of water. 
The fossil fuel industry -- and the owners of the Dakota Access Pipeline in particular -- have been proceeding with what appears to be a dangerous project in blatant disregard of obvious risks to the Missouri River and with disrespect to the Standing Rock Sioux. 
In the process, those trying to force completion of this pipeline have -- according to independent news reports -- been using oppressive practices against this community. In response, Standing Rock Chairman David Archambault has requested that the Justice Department deploy observers to ensure that the First Amendment rights of those peacefully opposing this pipeline are protected. I hope his request is honored. 
The non-violent resistance to the Dakota Access Pipeline is also one of the front-line struggles that collectively mark a turning point in the decision by humanity to turn away from the destructive path we have been following and aim instead toward a clean energy future for all.

ARTICLE

License DMCA 
Cold War 2.0 has reached unprecedented hysterical levels. And yet a hot war is not about to break out -- before or after the November 8 US presidential election. From the Clinton (cash) machine -- supported by a neocon/neoliberalcon think tank/media complex -- to the British establishment and its corporate media mouthpieces, the Anglo-American, self-appointed "leaders of the free world" are racking up demonization of Russia and "Putinism" to pure incandescence. And yet a hot war is not about to break out -- before or after the November 8 US presidential election. So many layers of fear and loathing in fact veil no more than a bluff. Let's start with the Russian naval task force in Syria, led by the officially designated "heavy aircraft-carrying cruiser" Admiral Kuznetsov, which will be stationed in the eastern Mediterranean at least until February 2017, supporting operations against all strands of Salafi-jihadism. 
The Admiral Kuznetsov is fully equipped with anti-ship, air defense, artillery and anti-submarine warfare systems -- and can defend itself against a vast array of threats, unlike NATO vessels. - Advertisement - 
Predictably, NATO is spinning with alarm that "all of the Northern Fleet," along with the Baltic Fleet, is on the way to the Mediterranean. Wrong; it's only part of the Northern Fleet, and the Baltic Fleet ships are not going anywhere. The heart of the matter is that when the capabilities of this Russian naval task force are matched with the S-300/S-400 missile systems already deployed in Syria, Russia is now de facto rivaling the firepower of the US Sixth Fleet. 
To top it off, as this comprehensive military analysis makes clear, Russia has "basically made their own no-fly zone over Syria"; and a US no-fly zone, viscerally promoted by Hillary Clinton, "is now impossible to achieve." That should be more than enough to put into perspective the impotence transmuted into outright anger exhibited by the Pentagon and its neocon/neoliberalcon vassals. 
Add to it the outright war between the Pentagon and the CIA in the Syrian war theater, where the Pentagon backs the YPG Kurds, who are not necessarily in favor of regime change in Damascus, while the CIA backs further weaponizing of "moderate," as in al-Qaeda-linked and/or infiltrated, "rebels." Compounding the trademark Obama administration Three Stooges school of foreign policy, American threats have flown more liberally than Negan's skull-crushing bloody baton in the new season of The Walking Dead. 
Pentagon head Ash Carter, a certified neocon, has threatened "consequences," as in "potential" strikes against Syrian Arab Army (SAA) forces to "punish the regime" after the Pentagon itself broke the Kerry-Lavrov ceasefire. - Advertisement - 
President Obama took some time off weighing his options. And in the end, he backed off. So it will be up for the virtually elected -- by the whole US establishment -- Hillary Clinton to make the fateful decision. She won't be able to go for a no-fly zone -- because Russia is already doing it. And if she decides to "punish the regime," Moscow already telegraphed, via Russia's Defense Ministry spokesman Major-General Igor Konashenkov, there will definitely be "consequences" for imposing a "shadow" hot war. 
Sun Tzu doesn't do first-strike Washington, of course, reserves for itself a "first-strike" nuclear capability,   fully supports (Donald Trump does not, and for that he's also demonized). 
If we allow the current hysteria to literally go nuclear, then we must consider the matter of the S-500 anti-missile system -- which effectively seals Russia's air space; Moscow won't admit it on the record because that would unleash a relentless arms race. A US intel source with close connections to the Masters of the Universe but at the same time opposed to Cold War 2.0 as "counter-productive," adds the necessary nuance: "The United States has lost the arms race, indulging in trillions of dollars of worthless and endless wars in Afghanistan, Iraq, Syria, Libya, and now is no longer a global power as it cannot defend itself with its obsolete missiles, THAAD, Patriot and Aegis Land Based Ballistic Defense System, against Russian ICBMs, even as the Russians have sealed their airspace. The Russians may be as much as four generations ahead of the US." 
Moreover, in the deep recesses of shadow war planning, the Pentagon knows, and the Russian Defense Ministry also knows, that in the event some Dr. Strangelove launched a nuclear preemptive strike against Russia, the Russian population would be protected by their defensive missile systems -- as well as nuclear bomb shelters in major cities. Warnings on Russian television have not been idle; the population would know where to go in the -- terrifying -- event of nuclear war breaking out.

ARTICLE

(128 fans) - Advertisement - 
Michael Moore has made some terrific movies in the past, and Where to Invade Next may be the best of them, but I expected Trumpland to be (1) about Trump, (2) funny, (3) honest, (4) at least relatively free of jokes glorifying mass murder. I was wrong on all counts and would like my $4.99 back, Michael. 
Moore's new movie is a film of him doing a stand-up comedy show about how wonderfully awesome Hillary Clinton is -- except that he mentions Trump a bit at the beginning and he's dead serious about Clinton being wonderfully awesome. 
This film is a text book illustration of why rational arguments for lesser evilist voting do not work. Lesser evilists become self-delusionists. They identify with their lesser evil candidate and delude themselves into adoring the person. Moore is not pushing the "Elect her and then hold her accountable" stuff. He says we have a responsibility to "support her" and "get behind her," and that if after two years -- yes, TWO YEARS -- she hasn't lived up to a platform he's fantasized for her, well then, never fear, because he, Michael Moore, will run a joke presidential campaign against her for the next two years (this from a guy who backed restricting the length of election campaigns in one of his better works). 
Moore maintains that virtually all criticism of Hillary Clinton is nonsense. What do we think, he asks, that she asks how many millions of dollars you've put into the Clinton Foundation and then she agrees to bomb Yemen for you? Bwahahaha! Pretty funny. Except that Saudi Arabia put over $10 million into the Clinton Foundation, and while she was Secretary of State Boeing put in another $900,000, upon   reportedly made it her mission to get the planes sold to Saudi Arabia, despite legal restrictions -- the planes now dropping U.S.-made bombs on Yemen with U.S. guidance, U.S. refueling mid-air, U.S. protection at the United Nations, and U.S. cover in the form of pop-culture distraction and deception from entertainers like Michael Moore. 
Standing before a giant Air Force missile and enormous photos of Hillary Clinton, Michael Moore claims that substantive criticism of Clinton can consist of only two things, which he dismisses in a flash: her vote for a war on Iraq and her coziness with Wall Street. He says nothing more about what that "coziness" consists of, and he claims that she's more or less apologized and learned her lesson on Iraq. 
What? It wasn't one vote. It was numerous votes to start the war, fund it, and escalate it. It was the lies to get it going and keep it going. It's all the other wars before and since. She says President Obama was wrong not to launch missile strikes on Syria in 2013. She pushed hard for the overthrow of Qadaffi in 2011. She supported the coup government in Honduras in 2009. She has backed escalation and prolongation of war in Afghanistan. She skillfully promoted the White House justification for the war on Iraq. She does not hesitate to back the use of drones for targeted killing. She has consistently backed the military initiatives of Israel. She was not ashamed to laugh at the killing of Qadaffi. She has not hesitated to warn that she could obliterate Iran. She is eager to antagonize Russia. She helped facilitate a military coup in Ukraine. She has the financial support of the arms makers and many of their foreign customers. She waived restrictions at the State Department on selling weapons to Saudi Arabia, Algeria, Kuwait, United Arab Emirates, Oman, and Qatar, all states wise enough to donate to the Clinton Foundation. She supported President Bill Clinton's wars and the power of the president to make war without Congress. She has advocated for arming fighters in Syria and for a "No Fly" zone. She supported a surge in Iraq even before President Bush did. 
That's just her war problem. What about her banking problem, prison problem, fracking problem, corporate trade problem, corporate healthcare problem, climate change problem, labor problem, Social Security problem, etc.? 
Moore parts company from substantive critique in order to lament unproven rightwing claims that Hillary Clinton has murdered various people. "I hope she did," screams Moore. "That's who I want as Commander in Chief!" Hee hee hee. - Advertisement - 
Then Moore shamelessly pushes the myth that Hillary tried to create single-payer, or at least "universal" healthcare (whatever that is) in the 1990s. In fact, as I heard Paul Wellstone tell it, single-payer easily won the support of Clinton's focus group, but she buried it for her corporate pals and produced the phonebook-size monstrosity that was dead on arrival but reborn in another form years later as Obamacare. She killed single-payer then, has not supported it since, and does not propose it now. (Well, she does admit in private that it's the only thing that works, as her husband essentially blurts out in public.) But Moore claims that because we didn't create "universal" healthcare in the 1990s we all have the blood of millions on our hands, millions whom Hillary would have saved had we let her. 
Moore openly fantasizes: what would it be like if Hillary Clinton is secretly progressive? Remember that Moore and many others did the exact same thing with Obama eight years ago. To prove Clinton's progressiveness Moore plays an audio clip of her giving a speech at age 22 in which she does not hint at any position on any issue whatsoever. 
Mostly, however, Moore informs us that Hillary Clinton is female. He anticipates "that glorious moment when the other gender has a chance to run this world and kick some righteous ass." Now tell me please, dear world, if your ass is kicked by killers working for a female president will you feel better about it? How do you like Moore's inclusive comments throughout his performance: "We're all Americans, right?" 
Moore's fantasy is that Clinton will dash off a giant pile of executive orders, just writing Congress out of the government -- executive orders doing things like releasing all nonviolent drug offenders from prison immediately (something the real Hillary Clinton would oppose in every way she could). 
But when he runs for president, Moore says, he'll give everybody free drugs. - Advertisement - 
I'll tell you the Clinton ad I'd like to see. She's standing over a stove holding an egg. "This is your brain," she says solemnly, cracking it into the pan with a sizzle. "This is your brain on partisanship." hillary and bush

ARTICLE

OpEdNews Op Eds 10/28/2016 at 10:15:27 Can any U.S. President Ever Overcome the Power of the Establishment and Bring Substantive Change to America? License DMCA We're finally approaching the end of this long, drawn-out, and very boring process of electing this country's next president. Millions upon millions of Americans are backing either Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump in the hope that she or he will bring long-awaited, substantive change to this government and this country. They have been waiting, fervently hoping to finally see some individual who possesses great courage, strong leadership skills, and a deep sense of ethics and morals, become president; and to use the power of the presidency to take this country in an entirely new direction, with a government that adheres to the will of the people. Unfortunately, it doesn't look like either of the two current candidates possesses those qualities and characteristics in abundance sometime in the future we may see such an individual emerge. What kind of real substantive change am I talking about? Well in the latter half of the 20 th Century we saw major accomplishments made during the tenures of various presidents, such as sending a man to the moon, together with important advancements in medicine, science and technology, as well as the creation and development of the internet. Those were very significant achievements but not the kind of substantive changes that greatly impacted the direction of this country. The kind of change of which I speak would be more like the enactment of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 or the creation of the Medicare and Medicaid health care systems in 1965; and in years past, the Social Security system. Here's the type of change this country and society needs as we navigate the 21 st century. First and foremost we need to see very ambitious government/business efforts and programs to create millions jobs for Americans. That would help greatly to reinvigorate the middle class and jumpstart our sluggish economy; it would also result in significant reductions in the number of Americans who are dependent on food stamps and other forms of government welfare. - Advertisement - Such a program should include the repair and modernization of our deteriorating national infrastructure, the development of solar and wind power, and the creation of a universal health care system that would finally cover all Americans at much lower costs. We need substantive changes in the way we deal with rampant violence in this country; this problem has been escalating and its way past time that something were done to curtail the proliferation and illegal use of guns that are slaughtering far too many of our innocent fellow Americans. But so far the government and, in particular, this Congress, has refused to address this situation because of the power wielded by the gun industry and the NRA. That continued governmental vacillation combined with NRA obstructive tactics must not be allowed to continue. A large majority of Americans would like to see real, substantive changes such as those identified above put into effect; and all of them are clearly doable. However, that's just not happening because there is a massive, seemingly immovable object standing in the way. That object of obstruction is, of course, the Establishment, which is diametrically opposed to any such progress because its own objectives clash with those of the people. It is very difficult and virtually impossible for any president to overcome the power of this Establishment because of what I refer to as the Circle of Power and Control that exists in Washington; here's how this ultra-powerful, self-perpetuating circle operates; - Advertisement - At the seat of this power is Corporate America which uses monumental amounts of $$$ to influence and control our elections so that a large majority of elected senators and representatives return to the Congress time and again; not to advance the needs of the people but, rather, the interests and objectives of Corporate America. We might refer to these politicians as indentured servants. The Corporatists want to slash corporate taxes to further increase profits, to significantly water down the regulations and restrictions on the banking industry., They support the lobbyists and special interest groups that have infiltrated this Congress and are, not only greatly influencing the enactment of legislation, but are often actually writing it. Congress has, as a very top priority, the ongoing funding of the massive Military-Industrial Complex, i.e., the Pentagon, the CIA, the State and "Defense" Departments, and the defense industry corporations which produce the machinery of war. Too many taxpayer dollars that should be used to strengthen this country's deteriorating foundations are, instead, directed to the military establishment to maintain its huge empire of bases and installations all over the world, to conduct invasions and occupations of other nations, and to remove elected leaders and/or dictators in various countries.

ARTICLE

Street scene near Temple University, 2016(image by Linh Dinh) License DMCA Over three days last week, at least 150 blacks attacked whites at random around Temple University. Victims were surrounded, punched and kicked. Wallets and phones were stolen. Rocks were thrown at passing cars. When cops showed up, one was knocked from her bike and a police horse was even punched twice in the muzzle. Most of the assaults took place on Friday. On Saturday, Joe Lauletta, a father of one victim, reported on FaceBook : I spent last night in the ER at St. Mary's HospitaI. I received a call from my daughter Christina after my sons football game. She was crying, I couldn't understand her, my heart dropped, I became scared, I said what is the matter? Dad, I was jumped, I'm beat up pretty bad. Where r u? Temple, they stole my phone. We're heading to the police station. I do not hear from her until she gets to her apartment. Rage is running through my mind the whole time. She said she is getting a ride home and wants to go to St. Mary's. I find out that her and her 2 male friends where badly beaten by a group of 30-40 black teenagers on their way home from the Temple football game. This happened after they got off the subway at Broad and Cecil B Moore. These sick animals held her down and kicked and stomped on her repeatedly. Thank god, the people from the pizza place intervened. They arrested 2 people at the scene. I have not let Christina out of my sight, she is resting. Every part of her body is badly bruised, it makes me cry just thinking about it. No broken bones. If you have children at Temple, tell them to be careful. Please keep Christina Lauletta in your thoughts. CBS Philadelphia describes another victim's ordeal: He says around 9:30 Friday night he was leaving work when he saw what looked to be at least 200 juveniles walking in large groups. He said he overheard police saying the kids were playing the knockout game. He says a juvenile around 10 years old started shouting obscenities at him and grabbed his phone out of his hand. The student says the juvenile then came back and threw the phone at him, striking him in the face. - Advertisement - Around 15 minutes later, the student says he was walking with his girlfriend when they were approached by at least seven juveniles. The student says he went to hit the Temple Police alert button when his girlfriend was struck by one of the juveniles. As the student was chasing them away, he says he was struck in the face by a someone he estimates to be eight years old. This is not new. In 2014, five black girls, aged 17, 15, 15, 15 and 14, committed three separate attacks on random white people at Temple University. Struck across the face with a brick, a 19-year-old white student suffered a fractured jaw and nearly had her teeth knocked out. Her 15-year-old assailant, Zaria Estes , was given a 2 -6 year sentence. Across America, gangs of blacks have beaten random people for decades, just for the sport of it. This cathartic recreation has been dubbed wilding, catch and wreck , knock out game or flash mob, and it can happen at parks, shopping malls, state fairs or even your living room. In 2012, a mentally-handicapped woman was relaxing on her stoop in Chester, just outside Philadelphia, when she was attacked by six black teenaged girls. When the terrified woman tried to flee inside, they rushed into her living room to continue the savage beating . Had these girls not posted their exhilarating workout on FaceBook, they might never have been caught. - Advertisement - A white bartender at my neighborhood dive was attacked, just outside her front door, by a group of black kids around 12 years old. After throwing a rock at her head and knocking her down, they kicked her a few times as she curled up on the ground, then they scattered. "Just like that, it was over. All I could do was go inside and cry." Not surprisingly, the latest incident at Temple University has received scant media attention. Though AP did cover it, it never pointed out that these were racial crimes. As usual, only "teens" are fingered, with their race not mentioned. Had mobs of whites attacked random blacks, the entire world would have known about it by now. Locally, a black writer editorializes in the Philadelphia Inquirer that gentrification is ultimately responsible. In "Behind Temple attacks, rage often comes with exclusion," Solomon Jones explains : In a city where poverty is concentrated outside the universities, we can't truly expect the poor to watch jobs and wealth and excess pass them by without any reaction at all.

ARTICLE

License DMCA 
Russian S-500 Anti-ballistic missile system Question #1. Is "Full Spectrum Dominance", the Pentagon's ambitious plan to have military control over the land, sea, air and outer space, a mirage? Question #2. Has the plan been effectively neutralized by Russia's advanced technology in missile defense systems and superior early warning detection capability? Reading Pepe Escobar's latest, "Russia Calls the War Party's Bluff" [1] , he doesn't refer directly to the Pentagon's plan to exercise "Full Spectrum Dominance" yet he does mention the S-500 anti-missile system effectively seals Russia's air space . Escobar quoting a US intel source, "The United States has lost the arms race, indulging in trillions of dollars of worthless wars...no longer a global power as it cannot defend itself with its obsolete missiles, THAAD, Patriot, and Aegis Land Based Ballistic Defense System, against Russian ICBM's, even as the Russian's have sealed their air space. The Russian's may be as much as four generations ahead of the US". Hmm..."Full Spectrum Dominance"? Back to that in a bit. Escobar's primary focus is on Syria and the Russian S-300, 400 missile systems brought to Syria now operational on land and sea which he says, "Russia has basically made their own no-fly zone over Syria; and a US no-fly zone is now impossible to achieve". That effectively neutralizes any future plans the Obama administration has in mind as well as a new Hillary Clinton regime in waiting contemplating such an idea; something she's been pushing during the presidential campaign against Trump. This much seems clear. Russian President Vladimir Putin has chosen to make a stand militarily and diplomatically -the latter shouldn't be forgotten-to support Syrian President Bashar Assad's government against the assorted Pentagon, CIA, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, GCC backed proxy mercenary jihadist terrorists trained and supported by them then brought to Syria to bring about regime change. - Advertisement - With Russia entrenched in Syria regime change isn't going to happen. The current siege against the terrorists by Assad's Syrian Arab Army supported by Russian air power in eastern Aleppo continues. Meanwhile over the border in Mosul, Iraq a battle is raging to extricate IS terrorists that have controlled the city since 2014 when it routed the Iraqi army. Now an unlikely conglomeration of Shiite militia's, Sunni tribesmen, Peshmerga Kurds, Turkish army, Iraqi army, US special forces supported by US planes are besieging the city. In all likelihood when IS loses control of Mosul its remaining forces will retreat into eastern Syria becoming a new force presumably used by the US as the newest proxy force to take on Assad. This hasn't occurred yet so the focus by Assad's SAA forces is retaking and freeing the Syrian people in besieged Eastern Aleppo. Back to the original premise of this piece, the Pentagon's Full Spectrum Dominance, FSD. Nothing is really secret anymore. - Advertisement - Russia and China had to know the Pentagon's FSD plan from its inception. They had to know it was mandatory to develop and upgrade their ballistic missile technology to effectively neutralize any US plan to initiate a nuclear first strike-something that's still on the table while Russia and China have rejected the idea. Regrettably, we're in a new cold war with Russia and China. And despite some fiery rhetoric from Hillary Clinton, "Putin's the new Hitler, wanting a no-fly zone over Syria" and her generalized disposition to show how tough she is, there should be enough reality based resistance coming from the military, intel agencies that should short circuit any aggressive moves she has in mind that would bring any direct confrontation with Russia and China, whether in Syria, Ukraine, the South China Sea or anywhere else that could escalate into a nuclear confrontation. In conclusion the madness of initiating a nuclear first strike against Russia and China is being effectively neutralized by Russian ABM, ICBM superiority now evidenced in Syria making the Pentagon's Full Spectrum Dominance a mirage, including for Hillary "mad dog" Clinton.

ARTICLE

License DMCA 
The following was originally published in The Nation 
The "Blob" -- the epithet Obama speechwriter Ben Rhodes used to scorn Washington's inbred, vainglorious, bipartisan foreign-policy elite -- is striking back. In a series of foreign policy reports designed to influence the incoming administration, Greg Jaffe of The Washington Post reveals , the Blob will publicly criticize Obama's "reluctance" to exercise America's military prowess and call for a more "muscular," "interventionist," assertive policy, from the South China Sea to the Russian border, but particularly in the Middle East. They are pumping for more war. 
The names are familiar -- former secretary of state Madeline Albright and former Bush national security adviser Stephen Hadley lead the Atlantic Council task force. Former Bill Clinton NSC adviser Brian Katulis and former Bush deputy secretary of defense Rudy deLeon are senior fellows at the Center for American Progress. The inescapable Martin Indyk heads a Brookings group of former top officials from Obama, Bush, and Clinton administrations. 
These are the apostles of American exceptionalism, from the neoconservatives who promoted the invasion of Iraq to the "indispensable nation" liberal interventionists who championed regime change in Libya. Virtually without exception, all supported Bush's invasion of Iraq, the most catastrophic foreign policy debacle since Vietnam. Virtually without exception, none were held accountable for that folly. 
The reports -- and the Blob -- share two conclusions. They censure Obama for excessive timidity. "There's a widespread perception that not being active enough or recognizing the limits of American power has costs," the Post quotes Philip Gordon, a senior foreign-policy adviser to Obama until 2015. "So the normal swing is to be more interventionist." - Advertisement - 
And all favor ramping up US military activity -- on the Russian borders, in the South China Sea, and particularly in the Middle East, promoting no-fly and safe zones in Syria, more special forces, more aggressive use of air power, more military aid, and a more integrated security partnership. The objective is not only to defeat ISIS and Al Qaeda and its offshoots militarily, but to create order in war torn Iraq, Syria, Yemen, Libya, and Somalia, as well as to counter Iran and Russia in the region. 
The Obama years demonstrate the dangers of "restraint"? Say what? The Obama administration is currently fighting wars in five countries and bombing seven. It toppled Gaddafi in Libya and left the country in chaos. Its regime change campaign in Syria ended in a brutal civil war. It backs the Saudi ravaging of Yemen. It helped spark a street coup in Ukraine, and moved military forces to the Russian border, reviving a new Cold War. It has bolstered US naval forces in the South China Sea as part of containing China. US Special Forces were active in more than 100 countries last year. Obama has signed off on more weapons sales and transfers than Bush. None of this has worked out very well, but neither did George W. Bush's "damn the torpedoes" policy. If Obama represents excessive restraint, may the gods save us from what comes next. 
The Blob still believes that America has the writ and the power to decide. We are "indispensable," bearers of law and democracy at the end of a cruise missile. Our insurgents are by definition "moderates." Our clients -- Israel, Egypt, Saudi Arabia, Jordan, Turkey, the United Arab Emirates, Oman, from military dictatorship to desert sheikdom -- have, in the words of the CAP Report, "internal cohesion" and domestic "political legitimacy." Despite conflicting interests, they are allies against terror (even though some like Saudi Arabia provide significant funding for both the terrorists and the religious zealots that inspire them.) 
For the Blob, caution comes not in objective but in strategy. Only the most unhinged call for putting "boots on the ground." This leads to a disconnect. They limit the military strategy -- to drones, air power, advisers, intelligence cooperation, military aid, training -- without trimming the objectives. It is hard to see this as anything other than a demented recipe for endless wars without victory. 
In this age of bitter partisanship, characterized by unrelenting Republican obstructionism in Congress and now Trump's stoking America's rancors, much attention has been paid to the dangers of division. But the utter failure of the center and the bipartisan elite has been neglected. In the Middle East and elsewhere, the Blob has driven us into one folly after another. Yet they still fill the highest offices and the most lavishly appointed think tanks. And they are still calling for more. - Advertisement - 
America's civilizing movements -- civil rights, women's, LGBT, the DREAMers -- have transformed this country. An emerging populist movement -- Occupy Wall Street, Bernie Sanders, the Fight for 15, fair-trade and financial-reform campaigns and more -- is on the march. Now we desperately need new thinking and a revived peace movement to take on the Blob and its endless wars. View Ratings | Rate It http://www.ourfuture.org 
Robert L. Borosage is the president of the Institute for America's Future and co-director of its sister organization, the Campaign for America's Future. The organizations were launched by 100 prominent Americans to challenge the rightward drift ( more... )

ARTICLE

License DMCA The financial system in America is a scam of world proportion. All of our lives, we've been taught, and often reminded, that the so-called "income" tax originated with the 16th Amendment in 1913, and authorized a tax on our earnings. The IRS repeatedly claims this as their authority to tax American's wages, but is this true? Have YOU ever looked into the evidence and history of this tax to see if you actually owe such a tax, or actually even receive "income"? Most Americans will have to say, no they haven't. So, we simply plod on taking what we've been told as true and factual, and comply by voluntarily assessing ourselves every year without another thought... except that we hate having to do it unless it is to get back some or all of what should never have been taken in the first place. With the advent of the personal computer and the internet, things have changed. What once took many months or even years of research in law libraries and other sources of actual documents now takes days or weeks... perhaps months, and what is being discovered is not only revealing, it is shocking. Is it possible that we have been deceived for over 100 years on the topic of our financial system and "income" taxes? Let's start with in "income" tax. What does the 16th Amendment actually tell us? "The Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes on incomes, from whatever source derived, without apportionment among the several states, and without regard to any census or enumeration." The key words in this amendment are "incomes" and "whatever source derived". "Income" is the one which is grossly misunderstood. We will come back to what this amendment is actually speaking to further down in this article. First, we must realize how millions of people can be deceived... "When a well-packaged web of lies has been sold gradually to the masses over generations, the truth will seem utterly preposterous and its speaker a raving lunatic." Dresden James. It's time we look carefully at the evidence of historical records and decide if this is the ravings of a lunatic, or simply a message based on actual evidence that has, at best, been misunderstood, or at worst, purposefully suppressed and manipulated for many decades. Reader beware: This will likely fundamentally change your outlook on things if you are willing to actually take the time to understand this fraud. It may seem boring and of little interest to you right here and now, but I can assure you, if you want truth, you most likely won't want to put this down until you've completed the series. Let's begin with the 16th Amendment's claimed source for the income tax. If you take a look at page iii of the preface to the 1939 Internal Revenue Code, ( click here ), you will see reference to the now standing tax laws being enacted as far back as July 1, 1862, and carried forward to today. - Advertisement - Huge portions of our modern body of lawful "income" tax law pre-dates the 16th Amendment. Congress published a comprehensive "Derivation of Code Sections of the Internal Revenue Code of 1939 and 1954" table ( click here ), dated January 21, 1992, which explicitly identifies the pre-16th origins of these still-current statutes. (Highlighted sections within pages 20-76). It must also be noted that the 1986 Internal Revenue Code is based on these enactments and is still in place today. Throughout the Derivation table, you will see that there are well over 300 examples of the pre-1913 16th Amendment throughout, proving that the "income" tax was not "enacted" through the 16th Amendment. So, we now have to ask a couple questions and look for the plain answers in the record. The first question is "If there is substantial evidence that the income tax was not "enacted" in 1913, and no such tax on American's wages existed (at least for very long as it was declared unconstitutional) prior to the 16th Amendment, what law actually authorizes a tax on American's wages?" The answer is, there is no actual law. Is there supporting evidence of this fact? Let the U.S. Supreme Court tell us the facts from those days; "The Sixteenth Amendment to the Constitution has not enlarged the taxing power of Congress..." This is brought out clearly by this court in Brushaber v. Union Pacific Railroad Co., 240 U.S. 1, and Stanton v. Baltic Mining Co., 240 U.S. 103. "We are of opinion, however, that the confusion is not inherent, but rather arises from the conclusion that the 16th Amendment provides for a hitherto unknown power of taxation; that is, a power to levy an income tax which, although direct, should not be subject to the regulations of apportionment applicable to all other direct taxes. And the far-reaching effect of this erroneous assumption will be made clear by generalizing the many contentions advanced in argument to support it." Brushaber v. Union Pac. R.R. Co., 240 U.S. 1, 11, 12, 18 (1916); "In the former case it was pointed out that the all-embracing power of taxation conferred upon Congress by the Constitution included two great classes, one indirect taxes or excises, and the other direct taxes, and that of apportionment with regard to direct taxes. It was held that the income tax in its nature is an excise; that is, it is a tax upon a person measured by his income . . . It was further held that the effect of the Sixteenth Amendment was not to change the nature of this tax or to take it out of the class of excises to which it belonged, but merely to make it impossible by any sort of reasoning thereafter to treat it as a direct tax because of the sources from which the income was derived." ([14-15]; Peck & Co. v. Lowe, 247 U.S. 165 (1917). Brief for the Appellant at 11, 14-15; See also Stratton's Independence, LTD. v. Howbert, 231 US 399, 414 (1913)." (Emphasis added - "derived from" discussed below). "... It manifestly disregards the fact that by the previous ruling it was settled that the provisions of the 16th Amendment conferred no new power of taxation." Evans vs. Gore, 253 US 245, 263 (1920). "It was not the purpose or effect of that amendment to bring any new subject within the taxing power." Bowers v. Kerbaugh-Empire Co., 271 U.S. 170; 46 S.Ct. 449 (1926). - Advertisement - "... It manifestly disregards the fact that by the previous ruling it was settled that the provisions of the 16th Amendment conferred no new power of taxation." Evans vs. Gore, 253 US 245, 263 (1920). "It was not the purpose or effect of that amendment to bring any new subject within the taxing power." Bowers v. Kerbaugh-Empire Co., 271 U.S. 170; 46 S.Ct. 449 (1926); So, if there was no "new" tax created by the 16th Amendment, as the Supreme Court has stated over and over again, how can the IRS make our wages "income", and how did this tax on our wages begin? The answer comes within the second question we must ask: "What exactly is 'income?'" Here is where the deceit so easily enters out lives. U.S. v. Ballard, 535, 575 F. 2D 400 (1976); (see also Oliver v. Halstead, 196 VA 992; 86 S.E. Rep. 2D 858); "The general term 'income' is not defined in the Internal Revenue Code . . .

ARTICLE

License DMCA 
A mandala is a visual symbol often utilized in meditation practices and teachings. The mandala symbol itself is a geometric construction of points, lines, planes and solids symbolizing the universe. Mandalas are geometric designs depictive of the universe specifically. Other designs are similarly meditation tools, but may not be mandalas specifically. The visually conceived geometric symbols are visual meditation tools. A visual meditation tool is called a yantra. Mandalas and all other yantras are visual meditation points of concentration. Yantras are visual meditative tools similar in value to points of concentration. The image above is the sri yantra, sri meaning king or most important. 
A mantra is the audio version of a mandala. A mantra is an audio meditation tool. Whether the sound of the mantra is a single syllable tone or a series of lengthy metaphysical musings, a mantra is an audio meditation tool. Mantras, as sound vibration, are wavy linear vibrations of connection. 
The terms asana and mudra both reference physical positioning. An asana is a body posture as a meditation tool, and a mudra is a hand gesture or posture as a meditation tool. Asanas and mudras enable our own bodies to become a geometric representation of a meditation tool. The postures are physical meditation tools transforming self into one's own geometric figure or plane among the space and sensitive to the space of self and surroundings. 
Tantra means unification, or looming/weaving together principles and practices, instruction and individual action. Tantra unites entirety. Tantra signifies confluence and integration; a fusion. It is Sanskrit for loom, the device which weaves together string into cloth. It is an ancient word with many properties and has been variously used to describe the knots of strings weaved together in a rug, and the cord on which sacred mala bead necklaces were strung, (Mala beads are Tibetan prayer necklaces of 108 beads used to assist mentally or vocally repeating a mantra 108 times.) and practices of unification of individual with the universal. Today the word tantra is often used in reference to the union of lovemaking. Though there is also a specific type of yoga called Tantra Yoga it means unification. 
There is the potentiation of the unification of principle and practice. There is the potentiation of tantra of yantra, mantra and asana. And there is certainly the lesson of the potentiation of Yin Yang tantra. The combination of Yin and Yang potentials and energies within leads to all sorts of aspects of development. This can be energetically understood in the idea that there are only two types of energies, straight and circular, straight for Yang potentials and circular for Yin potentials. It can be understood on a tangible level that rest and work are both required. When straight and circular energies combine, a spiral results. A spiral is one of, if not the highest expressions of energy. 
More broadly and generally, tantra notes a mutually accepted connection, a tied knot of intertwined being, like lovemaking, but not necessarily beginning with or limited to the act of lovemaking. Humanity itself is a tantra; a fused weaving knot or many strings, of many instructions and many individuals. - Advertisement - 
Essentially tantra is spiritual understanding of the relationship and connections between individuation and universal energies. An ancient spiritual philosophy preceding both Buddhism and Hinduism, tantra represents integration, unifying the macrocosm with the microcosm, the universal and the individual, the feminine and the masculine, the Yin and the Yang. It also refers to integrative knowledge and its continuation and building refinement through the interaction of teacher and student, signifying union and fusion; the acceptance, integration and transmutation of knowledge between individuals, like the string of life. 
Tantric ideas enhance and explore metaphysical merging of ideas and energies. Tantra is the merging of the physical and spiritual, through the merging of the conceptual. In essence, Tantra is the integration of yantra (the philosophy of visual symbols), mantra (communication of audio symbolism) and mudra (our very physical posturing) each of which is important on their own and increasing so when intertwined aspects of yoga, and life. Tantra unites meditation practices and enhances the individual unity expansion with entirety of the universal. 
There is not necessarily the need for a specific yantra, or specific mantra, or specific asana in meditation, however each are tools that can be used and considered, and most are most powerful when practiced in unified tantric manner, or tantric mind state. A tantric mind state recognizes unity expansion and aims toward it, rather than cultivating a mind state of separation. 
No matter how one approaches meditation the unifying tantra of our meditation principles and practices bring about the unity expansion of yantra no matter. No matter our level of refinement of posture, we are always in an asana, no matter if we utilize mantra, or yantra, we for th most part still see and hear and those who cannot can still concentrate and connect. And no matter the mantra, yantra or asana, it is the principles behind and pertaining to the symbolism that contains the real power, the highest potential for tantric connection. Yantras, mantras and asanas establish your sacred space and sacred perimeter and uniting with entirety in tantric balance. 
Seed of Buddha Meditation - Advertisement - 
One of my favorite meditations relates to the four dimensions of geometry, but is extracted from Buddhist lessons. It is one of the most powerful meditations I have learned and as I learned it, Buddha himself practiced and taught this meditation. I learned this meditation from a Tibetan Buddhist monk from Nepal before I considered the four dimensions of geometry applied to meditation. On later examination however the components of the meditation relate to the four dimensions of geometry. 
This meditation is direct and simple, but can lead to infinitely complex profound lessons. The profundity of each of the ideas in this meditation cannot be understated. And each of the concepts has been elaborated on endlessly for centuries since Buddha, and so the presentation here is of course a simplification of the ideas and processes that might be endlessly explored and refined. And that is what meditation is all about really, our own personal inward exploration and refinement. 
To begin, sit in a comfortable cross legged position on a meditation pillow. Sit for a time to simply settle into absorption and relaxation, focusing on the breath. The rhythm of the following meditation consists of mindfulness of an idea followed by mindfulness of no idea, where as much as possible we think on nothingness. The nothingness gives us a chance to relax, compared to processing the series of ideas which can all be quite intense. The process can be done in any time period. The point is to cover each idea as deeply as can be, given time or mental state circumstances. 
The meditation is formed from important Buddhist concepts. Many meditations are derived from such teachings, Buddhist and otherwise, so that there are lessons in a sense for the secular, and meditation practitioners.

ARTICLE

Shobha Shukla, Citizen News Service - CNS Hope for shorter and more effective new TB drugs License DMCA Multidrug-resistant TB (MDR-TB) remains a public health crisis. As per WHO's Global TB Report 2016, 480,000 people fell ill with MDR-TB in 2015, with 3 countries - India, China, and Russia - carrying the major burden and together accounting for nearly half of all MDR-TB cases globally. Detection and treatment gaps continue to plague the MDR-TB response. In 2015, only 1 out of every 5 people needing treatment for MDR-TB were able to access it and only 52% of those who started MDR-TB treatment were cured. "These sobering statistics remind us of our urgency to continue the fight to develop better, faster and affordable treatments that will finally bring this pandemic under control," said Dr Mel Spigelman, CEO of TB Alliance, which is working to advance several promising regimens to tackle all forms of TB. The current MDR-TB regimen lasts for 2 years or more. It includes medicines and injectables that are not only toxic but also come at a cost that is higher than what many patients and healthcare systems can afford. Even the new 9 month MDR-TB regimen that has recently been endorsed by WHO, though shorter, does include 4 months of injectables. However new results from 2 clinical studies conducted by TB Alliance point to an emerging paradigm, where countries may soon have the short, all-oral, and affordable drug regimens needed to treat all people with TB. Late stage clinical results from these two studies were unveiled yesterday at the 47th Union World Conference on Lung Health in Liverpool. The NC-005 study - Advertisement - The NC-005 study investigates an oral, injection free regimen that purports to treat both drug-sensitive and MDR-TB with a short, simple, safe, and affordable treatment. A Phase 2b, 2 month study tested various combinations of BPaMZ--Bedaquiline (B), Pretomanid (Pa), Moxifloxacin (M) and Pyrazinamide (Z). It was conducted at 10 sites in 3 countries (Uganda, South Africa, and Tanzania). A total of 240 patients were enrolled in the study-- 180 patients with drug-sensitive TB received BPaZ and 60 patients with MDR-TB received BPaMZ. The study also investigated a simpler dosing scheme for bedaquiline, which could lead to fewer pills and an overall less complicated treatment for patients. NC-005 showed that the best regimen was a combination of all four drugs, BPaMZ, which was examined in an arm of the trial. Data showed that at the end of 2 months, clinical study participants receiving BPaMZ cleared TB bacteria from their sputum 3 times as quickly as those on the standard treatment regimen. Almost all participants had culture conversion after the 2 months of treatment. This is the fastest rate of culture conversion that has ever been seen and indicates the potential of BPaMZ to treat all forms of TB-drug-sensitive as well as MDR-TB with the same regimen. The regimens appeared safe. The study showed that it was possible to simplify the dosing of Bedaquiline and found that a daily dose of Bedaquiline (200 mg) is at least as active and safe as the labelled dose. This will allow for simpler daily dosing with the regimen and to be combined in a fixed dose combination. The BPaMZ regimen is being tested to see if it can cure the vast majority of TB patients in as less as 3 months. If successful, the regimen could reshape the treatment landscape of TB, especially for people with MDR-TB, who currently face an arduous 9-24 month treatment journey that is too often unsuccessful. The results of NC-005 could pave the way to a global Phase 3 trial. The Nix-TB Study ('Nix' means to put an end to) - Advertisement - It is estimated that 9% of all the MDR-TB patients suffer from extensively drug-resistant TB (XDR-TB) that is resistant to at least four commonly used anti-TB drugs. XDR-TB is often considered a death sentence. Most XDR-TB is not treated at all because of the cost and complexity of the treatment. Of those who do receive treatment, less than one third get cured. In May 2015, TB Alliance and partners launched the world's first clinical study-- the Nix-TB Study-to test a new XDR-TB drug regimen called BPaL, consisting of Bedaquiline (B), Pretomanid (Pa), and Linezolid (L) in patients who have no other treatment options. It is the first study to test an all-oral drug regimen, comprised of drugs with minimal pre-existing resistance, that has the potential to shorten, simplify, and improve treatment for XDR-TB. Nix-TB is an open-label study that is being conducted at 2 sites in South Africa--at Sizwe Hospital in Johannesburg and at Brooklyn Chest Hospital in Cape Town. Additional sites to expand the study are planned. Patients who have XDR-TB, or have failed their current MDR-TB treatment or who have side effects of their current MDR-TB treatment, are enrolled.Till to date, 50 patients have been enrolled in the study, including patients as young as 14 and those who are co-infected with HIV with a CD4 cell count of 50 or higher.

ARTICLE

License DMCA This is not about how politics controls research on cancer and other diseases. It is about a political economy which, in the name of democracy, is killing us.
Today, I got my PSA score (used to assess degree of cancer), and it was not down, after 4 months of a heavy duty cannabis extract treatment and numerous anti-cancer supplements, along with a vegan anti-cancer diet. It didn't go down. After my cancerous prostate was removed 10 years, ago I had nearly 8 yrs cancer free, then two years, ago the score began to rise, from .2 to .4. to .5 to today's .6. 
That is a low score, but it is growing and my treatments have not stopped it. I ask: how can I have got cancer when since age 26, I have been on an organic anti-cancer diet? 
There are two theories, not necessarily incompatible: one asserts, as the man who discovered the cause of cancer did, that the cause is pollution. Dr. Warburg won the Nobel Prize but the Nazis kept him from accepting it. He said pollution caused cancer. 
The other theory is the genetic element: studies on twins seem to show that there is a genetic component, which may not cause cancer but predispose to it, make us vulnerable to the onslaught of pollution. 
So I am going to go with the idea that tho genetics makes some more susceptible, it is pollution which is killing us. 
On a gross level, this is easy to see. Each year, millions die from fossil fuel pollution; in the US, 13,000 die from coal pollution, and tens of millions suffer from air pollution, not to mention water pollution as in Flint, Michagan and many other cities. - Advertisement - 
Why do we have so much pollution? Why haven't we switched to clean energy? Why haven't we banned fossil fuels, which are poisons we eat and drink and breath every day? 
We know that pollution kills, makes sick, decreases productivity, increases healthcare costs, makes us suffer and destroys the environment, including climate disruption? Why is nothing being done? 
The reason is simple: politics. The oligarchy is made up of those who profit from pollution, from the energy industry to the ag industry. In a democracy, these corporations which are killing us would be stopped. 
But in an oligarchy where the polluters rule, all action is to prevent action; private profits trump public safety. Money trumps human health. Accumulating billions is more important than protecting the earth. This is a political decision, within a system of oligarchic rule. We are being killed by cancer because the ruling class has hijacked government and made effective regulation impossible. We are being killed by design, since the fossil fuel elites know the damage their products do. 
And so, as I ponder my next treatment (probably immunotherapy), I ask everyone to consider how our politics, mostly right wing, Republican, pro-corporate but including the establishment Democrats. Clinton, for instance, has received 7 million from the fossil fuel people this year. Clinton is also on record of supporting fracking. - Advertisement - 
Here is what Sanders said of her in April: ""Well, when you vote for virtually every trade agreement that has cost the workers of this country millions of jobs, when you support and continue to support fracking, despite the crisis that we have in terms of clean water," he said April 10, "and essentially, when you have a super PAC that is raising tens of millions of dollars from every special interest out there, including $15 million from Wall Street, the American people do not believe that that is the kind of president that we need to make the changes in America to protect the working families of this country." 
Politifact concludes that "Clinton's past support of fracking is well documented." 
And so it is not only the Republican's who are blocking action to reduce the damage done by fossil fuels; it is also the Democrats, who are bribed with millions to continue the status quo. Now Clinton says she wants solar on every roof. That is easy to say, and it will get some Bernie supporters to accept her. But her history is of defending the fossil fuel industry. And history trumps hypotheticals. Early detection means early treatment License DMCA Conclusion: pollution is killing us. Both parties have protected this lethal industry to varying degrees. It seems, as with so much else, that if we want change, if we want to stop killing ourselves with toxins in our air and food and water, we will have to finally end the rule of the oligarchs and establish a democratic nation, where the leaders lead in ending pollution and transforming us to clean energy and with it, better health for our families and our earth.

ARTICLE

opednews.com - Advertisement - 
I have suggested elsewhere that if we want a better future we will have to create it out of whole cloth and intend that it be 'for the highest and best good for all concerned and the planet'. 
Most of us know that two things cannot occupy the same space at the same time. The time, space thing that is our planetary reality is occupied by dark, evil, powerful forces with no intention of moving aside to accommodate positive outcomes. 
Carl Jung has noted that "the opposite of love is not hate, it is power". I get this. Love nourishes and empowers the object of its attention, power seeks dominion over what it notices, is destructive. We cannot confront this power and it would be karmically harmful to do so resulting in no change. 
So, the existent power, in play for 300,000 years, must 'start' to break down before change is possible, to allow space for that change. If we want to be in control of that change we must be the dominate unified conscious intent during the breakdown of order and focus that positive intend toward a better future. 
The breakdown of order is in play right now in front of our eyes .It is remarkable and noteworthy that the U.S., the evil empire has leveled most of the Middle East, used depleted uranium weaponry in Iraq causing severe genetic damage to newborns for generations, has driven millions of hapless refugees into Europe and I hear no loud, clear voice screaming for them,us, to stop. I have just described an 'end of times, type horror story the evil doers who run the U.S. are engaged in and plan to expand around the globe. They actually plan and promote the breakdown of order, the chaos out of which they expect to rise with an absolute grip on all power. They expect us to welcome this enslavement just to stop the pain and suffering they have caused us. Again, this madness is taking place right now in front of our eyes. 
If the decent and responsible among us organize now to be that dominate unified intent, the dominate consciousness , we would control the aftermath of the planned breakdown of order. Our rulers do not imagine us capable of this since we have behaved like victims who always attract and suffer victimizers to their lives. - Advertisement - 
So that's it. We need about ten percent of us to to lightly hold the intent to create the new paradigm of existence and hold this vision while chaos descends around us. If this is an effort by 'enough' of us we will prevail. The Law of Attraction, the first universal law will assist us and attract more positive energy than thought possible. The planet herself is considered a conscious being and would certainly direct all possible positive energy to our cause-her cause. As our energy grows the energy available to evil wanes. When they sense this their testicles will shrink! 
Finally, no one need give their life to this cause rather a commitment to prevail not founded solely on self interest and a real sense of responsibility to humankind and the planet. 
The breakdown of order has begun.... - Advertisement -

ARTICLE

(7 fans) - Advertisement - Amid mounting anger against the US-client government of Field Marshal Abdel Fattah Al-Sisi because of tax rises, soaring food prices, inflation and cuts in state subsidies, a kangaroo court in Cairo has confirmed a 20-year prison sentence against Mohamed Morsi, the first democratically elected President who was deposed by Al-Sisi in July 2013. 
In April 2015, a Cairo court had sentenced Morsi to 20 years in prison for inciting violence against protesters who had staged a sit-in outside the Ittihadiya presidential palace in December 2012, when Morsi was still in power. 
Twenty-year jail sentences were also confirmed against other senior figures from Morsi's Muslim Brotherhood, including Mohamed el-Beltagy and Essam el-Erian. The men were convicted in April 2015 on charges including kidnapping, torture and the killings of protesters during unrest in 2012. 
Morsi, elected in 2012 and overthrown in 2013, is facing several trials. After a controversial trial, he was sentenced to death in May 2015 for allegedly participating in violence against the police during the 2011 uprising against former President Hosni Mubarak, but his court appointed lawyers have appealed that verdict. 
An Egyptian court cancelled the life sentences on Tuesday (Oct 25) handed out to former president Mohamed Morsi and Muslim Brotherhood chief Mohamed Badie along with 15 other leaders of the banned group in an espionage case and ordered a retrial. 
The court also cancelled death sentences handed out to 16 other Muslim Brotherhood members, including top leaders Khyrat el-Sharer and Mohamed el-Beltagy Ahmed Abdel Aty. Thirteen of the 16 were sentenced in absentia. The defendants were accused of spying, funding terrorism and disclosing national security. 
Turkey's president, Tayyip Erdoan, had criticized the death sentence for Morsi and accused the west of hypocrisy. "The popularly elected president of Egypt, chosen with 52% of the vote, has unfortunately been sentenced to death," Erdoan said at a rally in Istanbul. 
"Egypt is turning back into ancient Egypt," he said, referring to the Pharaonic rule of the land that ended more than two millennia ago. "The west, unfortunately, is still turning a blind eye to Sisi's coup," he added. "While they abolished the death penalty in their own countries, they just look on as spectators at this execution in Egypt." - Advertisement - 
Morsi, who has also been sentenced to 25 years in prison after being convicted of leaking state secrets to Qatar, has not appointed a lawyer to defend himself and has refused to recognize the legitimacy of the court proceedings, saying he remains Egypt's legitimate president. 
The Muslim Brotherhood has been blamed for the unrest in Egypt, which has resulted in the death of hundreds of people. Al-Sisi's government designated the Muslim Brotherhood a terrorist group in December 2013, making even verbal expressions of support punishable by imprisonment. 
Hundreds of people have been sentenced to death in a crackdown following Morsi's overthrow. Seven have been executed, including six defendants sentenced to death by a military court for allegedly participating in militant attacks. 
More than three years after Sisi ousted Morsi, his promise to restore stability is wearing thin. Desperation and anger among Egyptians is mounting due to increase in food prices, while the double-digit inflation rate squeezes poor Egyptians. 
According to the Middle East Monitor, core inflation is at seven-year-highs, near 14 percent, as a foreign exchange shortage and a hike in customs duties bite hard in a country that imports everything from sugar to luxury cars. The government raised electricity prices by 25-40 percent in August and is phasing in a 13 percent value-added tax approved by parliament in the same month. - Advertisement - 
As part of reforms aimed at clinching a $12 billion IMF loan needed to plug its gaping budget deficit, the government is also expected to cut petrol subsidies and devalue the Egyptian pound, prompting a further cycle of inflation in Egypt, where tens of millions rely on state-subsidized bread, the Middle East Monitor said adding: "Dollar rationing at banks has driven businesses toward the black market where the dollar is now selling for more than 15.5 pounds -- a huge mark-up from the official rate of about 8.8. Rumors have spread that Friday Nov. 11 will be a day of protest over economic conditions, the Middle East Monitor reported. Police have already detained about 70 people for inciting protests, accusing many of loyalty to the banned Muslim Brotherhood.

ARTICLE

OpEdNews Op Eds 10/28/2016 at 12:50:20 Why Donald Trump is not as horrible as Hillary Clinton " and why you should vote for Jill Stein. Permalink (Page 1 of 2 pages) License DMCA 
I could have named this article "Damage Control" -- because it essentially is about that, related to the lobotomizing dilemma of "lesser evil voting". 
But let me be clear at the outset. I have already voted for Jill Stein . I had no other choice. I am firm in my conviction that to vote for sociopathic, narcissistic, self-serving, ruthless, guileful corporatists is an unconscionable act and a major crime against my country, irrespective of the convoluted rationalization which might attempt to justify it. 
Now let me offer reasoning that goes beyond my "morally pure" posturing. 
The accepted wisdom is that a vote for Jill Stein is a vote for Donald Trump. This analysis purports that anyone voting for Stein would likely be a former Clinton supporter, and such a vote would subtract from Clinton's total. 
Even though Hillary's elitist, warmongering, anti-democratic, demonstrably criminal world view is diametrically the opposite of Jill Stein's, and I can't imagine anyone who's moved by the Green Party's agenda for the briefest moment being fooled by Clinton's phony populism, for argument's sake I'll accept this proposition. 
While I consider both Trump and Clinton to be equally unfit for office, I do not for a moment believe they would be equally ineffective. - Advertisement - 
Hillary has for good reason become the choice of the oligarchs, the MIC, the bankers, the media, the people who actually run the country. She will serve them well. She knows her way around the system -- she's been gaming it most of her adult life -- and has all the right connections. Which is why even many prominent Republicans have joined the feeding frenzy and flocked to her like vultures over fresh kill. 
Hillary will continue her faux-populist bloviating to keep the stinky masses in line, while her closest allies, the rich and powerful, continue to loot the Treasury, hollow out what's left of the U.S. economy, and bankrupt the middle and lower classes. 
Much to the delight of the neocon-infested Department of State, Department of Defense, security agencies, MIC, and media, Hillary will "get tough" with Russia and China, press the war on Syria and the rest of the Middle East , promote and spread more chaos, death, and destruction across the globe in pursuit of military conquest, ultimately world empire. It'll be good for business and pumping up the already inflated egos of the exceptionalists. 
On the other hand, Trump will fall flat on his face. His trademark bull-in-a-china-shop approach to making deals has no chance of success in Washington DC. He has no support -- his own party has all but disowned him -- no connections, at least not the political ones necessary for promoting his agenda. Yes, the politicos drank his champagne and ate the food at his extravagant bashes. Who wouldn't? But they don't owe him anything. Nada! Trump's much heralded talents for making great deals will confront hostile Democrats, contemptuous Republicans -- a perhaps long-overdue bipartisanship -- closing ranks to isolate and defeat the outrageous and vulgar outsider who thought he could buy and muscle his way into political power. License DMCA - Advertisement - 
He'll try to build his wall. When Congress gets done with it, it'll be a 200-foot white picket fence in Calexico . He'll attempt rapprochement with Russia. That will be sabotaged with a false flag attack, maybe dressing some disgruntled maquiladora workers as Russian infantry men and mounting an invasion on the U.S. -- probably in Calexico -- or by John McCain threatening to fall on a grenade or blow his brains out in the Senate chambers if America doesn't immediately nuke Moscow . 
Despite his self-proclaimed success in the business world, Trump simply does not know the rules of the game in Washington DC. Unless he "fires" everyone -- declaring martial law and sending all members of the legislature to a FEMA labor camp in Montana -- he will either be the most ineffective president in history or be impeached. Maybe both! 
In a phrase, Donald Trump as president will do 'less damage'. 
Anyone who has read my recent writings knows that my greatest concern about a Hillary Clinton presidency is her truculent foreign policy . A decade ago, I might have believed that she was misguided. Now I realize -- as quite a number of others do -- that she is completely insane. She's become drunk on power, poisoned by surrounding herself with neocons and warmongering humanitarians , possessed by visions of herself as the Warrior Queen.

ARTICLE

Mike Ramos and Kevin Cooper: Who tells the truth?(image by public domain) License DMCA San Bernardino County District Attorney Mike Ramos obtained the controversial capital conviction of Kevin Cooper, whose "clemency" petition to Governor Jerry Brown gravely puts at issue the integrity of Ramos' office. Already campaigning to be the state's Attorney General in 2018, Ramos speaks out for Proposition 66, which promises to accelerate the death penalty. Ramos attacks opponents of the death penalty as deceptive. However, recognizing that the main problem is the California Supreme Court's automatic appeal bottleneck, Ramos at best carelessly misrepresents that Proposition 66 redirects first appeals to the courts of appeal. 
This article presents excerpts concerning Kevin Cooper's case from the first part of an in-progress two-part paper, California's Death Penalty: People v. Masters v. The California Supreme Court's Carefulness Con . Earlier excerpts are presented in my OEN article, California's Death Penalty: The California Supreme Court's Carefulness Con . A further article will provide an in-depth presentation of People v. Masters , 62 Cal.4 th 1019 (2016). 
If California's death penalty is not repealed in November by Proposition 62, next up on California's ready-to-kill list (now comprising about 12 inmates) is Kevin Cooper . In 2009, by a vote of 16-11, an en banc Ninth Circuit panel let stand Cooper's death sentence. However, in a voluminous opinion , [1] beginning with the statement that "[t]he State of California may be about to execute an innocent man," five of the dissenters passionately protested that the district court had not complied with the circuit's prior injunction to have a conclusive blood test performed. 
To prove family-murdered-by-hatchet charges, the state introduced a T-shirt stained with Cooper's blood (plus other suspect evidence, such as mysteriously materialized cigarette butts). Cooper protested that the blood stain must have been added by the prosecution, using a sample kept in a test tube. When checked, the test tube was full, but had apparently been tampered with. Cooper claimed that the tube must have been topped up with someone else's blood. Sure enough, the blood of two people was found in the tube. In due course, the Ninth Circuit enjoined the federal district court to have the T-shirt stain tested for preservative, so as to conclusively determine whether it had come from the sample. The laboratory duly reported that the stain contained preservative. However, the district court then allowed the laboratory to reattribute its finding to likely laboratory contamination, without requiring a retest . [2] - Advertisement - 
Besides such apparent fabrications, there were plain suppressions. Investigators paid no heed to witnesses who had seen three white people, at least one blood-stained, fleeing the scene in the primary victim's car. One of them had lost a T-shirt and a hatchet--his blood-stained pants were incinerated by the police. See From FBI Boss to Death Penalty Foe, Tom Parker's Quest to Free a Convicted Murderer , Santa Barbara Independent, Jul. 6, 2016: [H]aving put the Mafia behind bars, investigated dozens of homicides and sent two murderers to their deaths . . . during 45 years in law enforcement, Parker said he's seen too many corrupt homicide investigations to believe in the death penalty anymore. The worst of them, he said, is the Chino Hills murder case of 1983. . . "Kevin was a car thief and a burglar, but he doesn't deserve to be where he is," Parker said. "I'm convinced he was framed." . . . The courts have called the evidence against Cooper "overwhelming" -- spots of Cooper's blood in the Ryens' hallway and on a tan T-shirt by the road; bloody prints of prison-issue Keds inside and outside the Ryens' house; Cooper's cigarette butts in the Ryens' station wagon; and a hatchet sheath and prison uniform button at Cooper's hideout next door. But Cooper claims this was false evidence, planted and manipulated by the San Bernardino County Sheriff's Department to convict him. He alleges that sheriff's deputies destroyed evidence and ignored leads pointing to three white men as the murderers -- including the initial statements of the Ryens' eight-year-old son, Josh, the sole survivor. 
Victim relatives and friends, police, and prosecutors naturally insist that there is not even any lingering doubt as to guilt, [3] and they protest inordinate appellate delay. But to objective observers, Cooper's case raises deep concerns as to prosecutorial prejudice and California Supreme Court carelessness. The case is politically and racially highly charged, not only owing to the heinous nature of the purportedly black-on-white mass-murder, but also owing to the blind eye that police and prosecutor turned to the plain evidence of white culprits. 
The incriminating evidence in Cooper is almost wholly physical, depending entirely on local police testimony for its foundation. Cooper would seem a sympathetic defendant, being a mere car-thief minimum security prison walk-out, lonely and homeward bound for the holidays. Cooper raises grave questions as to the police fabricating DNA and other physical evidence, while destroying, ignoring, or corrupting unfavorable DNA, other physical evidence, and witnesses. Cooper has raised the very highest level of international concern (continuing the above quote): - Advertisement - Last fall, the influential Inter-American Commission on Human Rights, an autonomous organ of the Organization of American States, recommended that Cooper be granted a reprieve, pending a new investigation. Citing in part Parker's allegations of "endemic tunnel vision," the commission concluded that the U.S. had violated Cooper's rights to a fair trial, due process and equality before the law. The U.S. is a signatory to the American Declaration, a treaty that guarantees those rights. 
Cooper's last hope lies in an unorthodox "clemency" petition to Governor Brown, seeking not a pardon but an independent non-judicial investigation of the evidence, and a stay of execution pending its outcome. Commuting Cooper's sentence to life without parole does not seem a viable alternative, given that he has been tried twice, and Cal. Constitution, Art. 5, sec. 8 provides that "[t]he Governor may not grant a pardon or commutation to a person twice convicted of a felony except on recommendation of the Supreme Court, 4 judges concurring." Moreover, Cooper's incarceration for life would almost as loudly cry out for a conclusive finding as to whether the T-shirt blood stain was fabricated; and because Cooper's actual innocence is the underlying issue, a repeal of the state death penalty in November's election would not moot his petition, which the ABA extraordinarily supports: In a letter sent to Gov. Brown on March 14, the American Bar Association alleged Cooper's "arrest, prosecution and conviction are marred by evidence of racial bias, police misconduct, evidence tampering, suppression of exculpatory information, lack of quality defense counsel and a hamstrung court system." [4] 
It seems a toss-up whether Brown will grant the petition, given that he previously gave absurd reasons for vetoing a simple bipartisan measure to mitigate a surfeit of prosecutorial misconduct. [5] To grant it would surely require that the T-shirt blood stain be retested for preservatives, and this would seem to risk scientifically confirming premeditated, deadly, and racial misconduct, implicating police and perhaps the crime laboratory and prosecutor's office.

ARTICLE

Sacred Medicine Wheel of Four Brothers(image by open) DMCA "The elders knew peace would not come on the Earth until the circle of humanity is complete; until all four colors sat in the circle and shared their teachings." The sacred medicine wheel of the four directions is for all extents and purposes a mandala, a visual depiction of the universe, our Earth and our inner universe . It's symbolism is simple and primal, and through these qualities it is powerful and meaningful. Representing the intersection of duality and polarity , four is recognized as symbol for completion. In nature this symbolism is illustrated in the cycle of four seasons -- spring, summer, winter and fall -- derived from the flow of cycles between two solstices and two equinoxes of our orbit, as well as the elements of nature: air, fire, water and earth. Four is also reflected in the four aspects of the self: the mental, physical, spiritual and emotional. Mathematically, the symbolism of four it is represented in the four forms of arithmetic (addition, subtraction, multiplication and division) while philosophically, comprehensive human thinking encompasses four dimensions: the thesis (is it so?), antithesis (is it not so?), synthesis (are both so?) and nullesis (are neither so?) Correspondingly, this matrix of four is presented in the beginning of practically every creation story, from Genesis to the Popol Vuh (the Mayan creation story). Nearly all creation stories start with the polarities of Heaven and Earth, and male and female. In this respect, this matrix of four is the basis of most creation stories as well as being depicted in every cross-like symbol shared by so many religions (the Christian cross, the Hindu swastika, the Egyptian ankh etc.) The four Vedas (Sanskrit for "knowledge") are the foundational scriptures in Hindu theology, while the cross symbol adopted by Christianity, Judaism and Islam, its presence in the creation story, and its basis in the four worlds of the Kabbalah reflect its major significance to those teachings. Indeed, all peoples share traditions that include the symbolism of four directly (or subtlety) as part of their core belief systems -- as I explore in detail in the article, The Common Origin of Religions and Theology . And it is this universality of the cross symbol and the unanimous celebration of the matrix of four, symbolically and philosophically, in Hindu, Taoist, Native American, Egyptian, Celtic and Judeo-Christian theology and symbolism that most clearly illustrates its commonality to human spirituality and understanding of our world. - Advertisement - But perhaps no group has lived so completely in unity and reverence to the seasonal cycles of Earth Mother and the universal system, as the indigenous peoples of Turtle Island, now known as North America. Most significantly, the Hopi believe we are living in the fourth world. Hopi tradition states the first world was Endless Space, the second was Dark Midnight, the third was the Age of Animals and the fourth is the World Complete. Four migrations were written upon four sacred tablets which man was supposed to undertake once in this fourth world -- to separate into smaller tribes, divided by color, and began to migrate in four different directions, settling in new lands. The Medicine Wheel Prophecy: The Polarity of Institutions vs. Individuals 
"At the beginning of this cycle of time, long ago, the Great Spirit made an appearance and gathered the peoples of this Earth together, and said to the human beings, "I'm going to send you to four directions, and over time I'm going to change you to four colors, but I'm going to give you some teachings, and you will call these the Original Teachings; when you come back together with each other, you will share these so that you can live and have peace on Earth, and a great civilization will come about" 
"And so He gave each of us a responsibility, and we call that the Guardianship. To the Indian people, the Red people, He gave the Guardianship of the Earth" To the South, He gave the yellow race of people Guardianship of the Wind" To the West, He gave the black race of people Guardianship of the Water" To the North, He gave the white race of people Guardianship of the Fire" Each of the four races went to their directions and learned their teachings" [but] some of the brothers and sisters had forgotten the sacredness of all things, and all the human beings were going to suffer for this" The elders knew peace would not come on the Earth until the circle of humanity is complete; until all the four colors sat in the circle and shared their teachings -- then peace would come on Earth." 
~ Source : A Cherokee Legend by Lee Brown, Cherokee 
I have watched with dismay and horror over the last few years especially, and my lifetime in total, as the powers that be, every institution of each type -- religious, government, corporate and media -- have interjected and overwhelmed the discourse of the collective conversation, stifling the development of the discussion and thus the development of our thinking and being. This happens concerning practically every subject -- topics are reduced to a consideration of limited polarities. This reinforces polarity in the human mind, which is trained from birth to look for opposites: Good/Evil, Right/Wrong, Left/Right, Thesis/Antithesis. - Advertisement - 
The very inquiry into the origins of human thinking and being is posed through the duality of polarity, and yet it is most often considered a singular polarity. Why are we the way we are? Is it the result of nature, or nurture? The debate of nature versus nurture is posed in a single distinct polarization, yet the best question itself supersedes the mindset of the singular polarity. Traditionally, the question is viewed philosophically as a trinity of options -- the thesis (nature), antithesis (nurture) and synthesis (both) of one and the other. And yet, in its natural state, this mode of thinking is more comprehensively a matrix of four: thesis, antithesis, synthesis (both) or neither -- the mindset of infinite alternative potential. 
Such comprehensive thinking is uncommon today, as the institutions of the status quo have worked to maintain limited, polarizing collective narratives (particularly through the corporate media) so as to keep control of the way we think, and therefore, behave. But, when we understand how duality and polarity can be used against us, we soon come to see there are many holes in the institutional faade. Sometimes it is their actions that expose them, but quite often it is what they say and how they say it -- or what they don't say -- that provides clarity into their real motivation: domination. Four Types of Institutional Lies 
There are four basic types of institutional/political lies, which directly correlate to the four basic forms of arithmetic. Like all effective lies, each type involves some nugget of truth. The first type of lie is the addition of information: Sometimes the addition of a small bit of (generally false) information can change the story entirely. The second type of lie is the subtraction of information: The removal of small key components can result in entirely different meaning. The third type of lie is the multiplication of information: Exaggerations of situations and related information are included in its presentation, to dilute or emphasize. The fourth type of lie is the division of information: The facts are interlaced with 'disconnects' which separate or underplay the significance of information. 
This approach is often used to cover institutional prejudices and bias; to maintain the appearance of objectivity among institutional leaders. The four main categories of human prejudice are racial, religious, institutional/national and cultural heritage/history. Often prejudice is simply based on the pigment of one's skin, or other inherited features, but sometimes it is much more nuanced and complicated than that, particularly where a history of conflict exists. And while human prejudice is typically based on these four distinctions, the specifics of each are near limitless.

ARTICLE

(1 fan) - Advertisement - 
"China installed 26 gigawatts (Gw) of renewable electric generation in the last two years," said Colleen Regan, Head of North American Environmental Markets and Cross-sector Research, Bloomberg New Energy Finance. She was presenting at Colorado State University's 21 st Century Energy Transition Symposium. 
Afterword, she confirmed that China installed 20 gigawatts of solar photovoltaic (PV) panels in the first 6 months of 2016, dwarfing the 4.3 Gw California installed in all of 2014. 
Regan's information demonstrates how rapidly renewable energy can overtake fossil fuel. Twenty Gw of capacity equals roughly 40, 500 megawatt coal-fired generating stations. It's 8 times more than the 2.5 Gw of generating capacity at Colstrip, Montana's mammoth mine-mouth coal-fired complex. 
To reduce human-caused climate change, Regan forecasts China will meet its 5 year goals of installing 26 Gw of wind and solar generation each year by 2020. By August 2016 China had cut 150 million metric tons of coal capacity, 60 percent of its annual target. 
This demolishes assumptions that increased coal sales to China will prop up bankrupt US coal companies, and dwindling coal tax and royalty revenues in coal producing states. China has moved away from the coal generating frenzy. Its cities have pollution levels 8 times higher than the maximums which trigger alarm in the US. And it can no longer afford to use 20% of its water to cool power plants. Horrible pollution day at the Great Wall License DMCA 
Hence, Chinese coal use dropped 2% in 2014 and 3% in 2015. That helped cause "1,000 of China's 11,000 coal mines to close," according to symposium presenter, Jennifer Turner, Director of the China Environment Forum at the Woodrow Wilson Center. There are "now 1.3 million unemployed Chinese coal miners," she said. Chinese are preoccupied with finding them jobs rather than importing coal to help keep Montana's 1900 coal miners employed. Consequently, rational investors who are cognizant of this reality should be less optimistic about developing coal export terminals on our west coast. 
What about the 1.3 to 1.5 billion people still without electricity? Won't they want to use cheap coal-fire electricity? They would if it were cheaper. But it's not. So they are skipping fossil fuel technology--just like they skipped landline telephones--and are moving to renewable electric generation, much of it coming from distributed micro grids and battery storage. - Advertisement - 
Confirmation that renewables are often cheaper came from Symposium panelist Cathy Woollums, Sr. Vice President, Environmental & Chief Environmental Counsel for Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway Energy. She said, "MidAmerican Energy received Iowa Utilities Board approval to install 1000, 2 Megawatt Vestas wind turbines" by 2019. It will ensure that Iowa--which now gets 35% of its electricity from the wind--will be running on 85% clean electrons by 2019, far ahead of Colorado's 30% and Montana's 15%. 
Ms. Woollums said, "To do the 2 gigawatt project, MidAmerican did not ask to increase electricity rates" for the 752,000 electric customers in Iowa, Illinois, Nebraska and South Dakota. She also said Mid-America was not planning to build natural gas facilities to integrate the wind into its system. The project--which rivals the capacity of Colstrip's four largest coal-fired facilities--will generate more than $1.2 billion in landowner easement and property tax payments over the next 40 years. 
Thus, Montana and other coal-state businesses will have a tougher time competing in surrounding states whose utilities are incorporating more no-fuel-cost electricity (i.e., renewables) into their electricity generation mix. 
Mid-America has a 100% renewable energy vision. At least 17 US cities have committed to work toward 100% too, including: Fort Collins, Boulder, and Aspen, Colorado; Rochester, Minnesota; Greenberg, Kansas; and San Francisco, San Diego, and Santa Barbara, California. Palo Alto, California, and Burlington, Vermont are already there. 
Xcel Energy will close two Minnesota coal-fired plants by 2026. Xcel will add at least 1 Gw of cost-effective wind turbines by 2019, and 0.65 Gw of community solar gardens or other cost-effective solar installations by 2021. So, as Montana's neighbors install more green electricity, it'll be less able to export dirty electrons unless exports meet green energy requirements. - Advertisement - 
2015 produced $349 billion in clean energy investment. Some believe that's a "war on coal" that Trump and some Republicans can stop. Others know they'll just "make electricity more expensive again."

ARTICLE

License DMCA 
I woke up yesterday (Thursday) to a small but somewhat encouraging snippet on page 19 of my local (German) paper headlined "Trump: Clinton Risking World War," referring to Trump's remarks on Tuesday in a Reuters interview that was headlined "Trump says Clinton policy on Syria would lead to World War Three." 
The five-sentence German article ended with this: "Critics noted that such [no-fly zones as proposed by Clinton] might have to be enforced militarily." This was apparently (back-translating from the German) a translation of "Some analysts fear that protecting those zones could bring the United States into direct conflict with Russian fighter jets" (Reuters). 
The Reuters article goes on to say: "Clinton's campaign dismissed the criticism, noting that both Republican and Democratic national security experts have denounced Trump as unfit to be commander-in-chief.""'Once again, he is parroting Putin's talking points and playing to Americans' fears, all while refusing to lay out any plans of his own for defeating ISIS or alleviating humanitarian suffering in Syria,' Clinton spokesman Jesse Lehrich said in a statement." 
The New York Times and other mainstream outlets reported similarly. I suppose this is considered "balanced" coverage -- as if what Lehrich or "Clinton's campaign" said was a substantive response to what Trump has finally said clearly and should be obvious. To their credit, the BBC did add (at the end of a 21-sentence article) that Trump "echoes concerns raised last month at a congressional hearing by the highest-ranking military officer in the US armed forces." 
"Chairman of the Joint Chiefs Marine Gen. Joseph Dunford told lawmakers a 'no-fly zone' in Syria could spell war with Russia. 'Right now, senator, for us to control all of the airspace in Syria it would require us to go to war, against Syria and Russia,' Gen. Dunford told the Senate Arms Services Committee." - Advertisement - 
At this point, just days before the election, it is probably too late, but it would be Trump's last opportunity to appear statesmanlike, and also save the planet from the catastrophic military adventurism that Clinton seems bound to embark on if she becomes commander-in-chief. At the least it would be a chance to ratchet up popular protest against the warmongering that has driven virtually all U.S. foreign policy since WWII, and is now taking us (and by "us" I mean the world) directly toward the precipice of WWIII. 
"Stop demonizing Russia; work with them, not against them." This is the message that needs to be shouted from the rooftops, and surely Trump has access to experts like Stephen Cohen, Ray McGovern, Robert Parry and others who can help him do so. He should be able to easily "trump" the empty arguments of the bellicose Russia-bashers, even if the latter are aligned across party lines against him -- and against us, since the war they are pushing for will be global. How stupid does one have to be to propose "no-fly zones" when the highest military officer in the country says it would result in war with Russia? How stupid does one have to be to believe that Putin is "Hitler," that Russia shot down MH17 and is guilty of "aggression" on the eastern European borders, in Ukraine, and in Syria, without ever questioning the "evidence" for any of these assertions, much less the equally problematic role the U.S. has played in every case? Yet this is the mainstream narrative, repeated uniformly and relentlessly at every turn. 
Trump is obviously not the best candidate in this race (Jill Stein is), but he is right on this most important issue of relations with Russia, which should have been the No. 1 issue from the beginning. So there is still a slight chance that Trump (and Stein also!) can at least go down with a (non-nuclear!) bang, not a whimper -- by giving peace, and reason, a chance. We should all hope that happens. - Advertisement -

ARTICLE

License DMCA With the U.S. more interested in finding Hillary's emails and measuring Trump's hand size, it's no surprise that Africa, the continent with the fastest economic growth rate in the world, has been painfully absent from this election cycle. With the notable exception of Green VP candidate Ajamu Baraka, virtually no candidate even bothered to second-guess the many covert operations carried out by U.S. military forces in Africa or to examine what Washington's role should be in promoting development in Sub-Saharan Africa. And for better or worse, that void has been rapidly filled by China. In an opinion piece published on October 23, China's newly appointed ambassador to Nigeria emphasized Chinese investors' eagerness to invest into the development of Nigerian infrastructure, manufacturing and agriculture. The ambassador, Zhou Pingjian, also noted the enthusiasm and optimism prevalent among the Chinese business community in Nigeria, stressing the prospect of a lasting and beneficial partnership between the two countries. These developments are just the latest example of China's desire to step up its involvement in Africa. While the relationship has existed since the 1970s, in recent years, China has taken this investment to a new level. At last year's Forum on China-Africa Cooperation (FOCAC), Chinese President Xi Jinping encouraged African leaders to "open a new era of China-Africa win-win cooperation and common development" , pledging investments of $60 billion . During a time when Chinese involvement in Africa is rapidly increasing, surveys have shown that the African public holds a generally positive view of China's growing economic role on the continent. Surveys by Afrobarometer revealed that Africans rank China second only to the US as a model for their own country's economic development. In three out of five regions surveyed, China matched or even outpaced the US in terms of popularity as a model for development. In terms of perceived influence, China and the US were second only to former colonial powers. On average, 63 percent viewed China's influence as positive. While these positive attitudes may be linked to the potential positive effects on Africa's economic growth, as analyses from the World Bank suggest, China's involvement with African leaders does not necessarily benefit the local populations. In the past, Beijing has not hesitated to leverage its important role on the continent for its interests using the threat of withdrawal of support to ensure the success of commercial and political objectives. For example, in 2006, China's ambassador to Zambia threatened to cut ties if an opposition candidate who was critical of Chinese investment policies won power. - Advertisement - African leaders regard Chinese money pouring into their country as an appealing alternative to Western funds because in contrast to Western aid, Beijing does not insist on strengthening human rights or the rule of law. Consequently, China has come to forge close relationships with brutal and autocratic African heads of state. China has had longstanding ties with Zimbabwe's Robert Mugabe since funding his guerilla fighters in the 1979 Rhodesian Bush War. When Mugabe took power in 1980, China helped to build a new sports stadium, hospitals, and a power station. Most importantly, China became Mugabe's primary arms supplier. In the decades since, Mugabe and his administration have been accused of a wide range of human rights violations , including repression of activism and civil liberties, and violence leading up to elections, while Mugabe's security forces have even been accused of using torture camps. Last December, President Xi Jinping made it clear that China still shares a bond with Zimbabwe, promising multibillion-dollar investments. While it might be appealing to African politicians, China's willingness to look the other way when it comes to human rights violations has certainly not been good for the people of Zimbabwe. In another example, China's relationship with Egypt's increasingly autocratic President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi has been growing closer . With reduced tourism and support from Europe, Egypt has been turning towards China. For its part, the Chinese government is offering Egypt assistance with multiple infrastructure projects, including transport, housing, and power. China is looking towards Egypt as a focus of its "One Belt, One Road" plan to rebuild its ancient maritime Silk Road trade routes connecting China to Europe and Africa. China's business plans frequently serve to prop up dictatorial regimes, and often hold little benefit for the people suffering under them. In Djibouti, profit from foreign military installations rarely improves the lives of Djiboutians, 42 percent of whom continue to live in extreme poverty and 48 percent of whom are unemployed. Meanwhile, China continues to ramp up investment in the nation , investing in multibillion-dollar infrastructure projects such as a new port, two airports, a new railway and other projects. Most importantly, China has started building its first overseas military installation in Djibouti. This support continues despite the fact that Djibouti's strongman President Ismail Omar Guelleh was accused of killing opposition supporters in the run up to the general elections in April, during which he also severely strangled press freedoms . Despite enjoying a positive image among much of Africa's population, China's involvement in Africa often ignores glaring human rights abuses in order to accomplish political and commercial goals. While this might provide much needed funding for infrastructure in the short term, enabling autocratic regimes to act with impunity will be a detriment to Africans in the long run. For Africa to move past the post-colonial authoritarianism of last century, it needs aid that respects Africa's right to self-determination, but also does not tolerate human rights abuses and autocracy. - Advertisement -

ARTICLE

(27 fans) - Advertisement - " We like nonfiction, and we live in fictitious times. We live in the time where we have fictitious election results that elects a fictitious President. We live in a time where we have a man sending us to war for fictitious reasons. Whether it's the fiction of duct tape or the fictitious orange alerts, we are against this war, Mr. Bush."--Michael Moore Oscar acceptance speech, moments before his mic was cut off. This year may mark a turning point, where the moral bankruptcy was laid bare for all. I'm speaking of the Bernie Sanders flip-flop for Hillary Clinton, the predictable bait-and-switch, which Democrats never seem to imagine in real time. The rest of us have seen it so often that the ruse has become routine Standard Operating Procedure. A particularly notable case is Sarah Silverman, the filthy-mouthed comedienne, who originally championed Bernie. But she quickly fell into lockstep for Hillary. Silverman had a soul empty enough to go and scold the United States to support a candidate whom she had just been fighting against , and who actually stole the nomination from her own candidate through back-room deals at the DNC and through apparent voting-machine hacking . The thief was rewarded instead of jailed for some reason, which Hollywood has had absolutely zero interest in, as if it didn't happen. They moved on instantly to lambast us all about Donald Trump 24/7. Orwell couldn't have written it better. Hollywood has a highly complex understanding of political philosophy and particularly of this presidential race: 1. Trump Bad 2. Hillary Woman 3. So-called "Lesser Evil" We should acknowledge, those who are literate, that Hillary Clinton's repeated threats to escalate World War 3 over Syria leave her as potentially the greater evil, not the lesser at all. The jury is very much out. " Goldwater Girl" Hillary Rodham Clinton has a lengthy record of supporting every US aggressive war and opposing none. She may have played a part in the killings of over 2 million human beings so far, merely tallying those casualties from the three countries of Iraq, Syria and Libya. One may opt to also add another half-million Iraqi children who died as a result of her husband's eight years of sanctions. - Advertisement - I noticed Hollywood's widespread mindless support for Democrats back in 2000, when I kicked that shockingly corrupt party to the curb and joyfully cast a vote for Ralph Nader, an actual American hero whose efforts have saved lives. Die-hard whiners of the Democratic rank-and-file still falsely claim that big bad Ralph gave the election to Dubya Bush, when anyone with the ability to read can see that it was the Supreme Court which stopped the legitimate counting of Florida ballots. Add Bush's brother Jeb purging nearly two-hundred thousand minority voters from rolls. But the mindless strategy of attacking third parties and attempting to delegitimize democracy itself persists among the ignorant (a majority of Democrats perhaps). This is by design; this is who they are. They do not believe in democracy, because the billionaires who fund them do not believe in any democracy they cannot control. George W. Bush's theft of the presidency did help expose the moral bankruptcy of Democrats as well as Republicans. When Bush lied about Iraq, Hillary Clinton was right there with him embellishing and freestyling! She claimed Iraq's non-existent "weapons of mass destruction" to be "undisputed." Her lies helped sell the war to Congress, a war of aggression: what the Nazis did and were hung for at Nuremberg. Her role in aggressive war and in destroying International Law as a restraint against belligerence are profound crimes, grievous war crimes: "the supreme international crime" in the words of U.S. Judge Robert Jackson. When a handful of Democrats attempted to impeach the Bush junta for crimes relating to those wars, as well as to torture and cover-up, it was Democrat Nancy Pelosi who announced "Impeachment is off the table." Criminal collusion, allowing the crimes to stand without recourse, that is what they did. The US federal government has served as a protection racket for international war crimes. The damage that Democrats inflicted upon the rule of law is equal to that of the Republicans. The former had a moral and legal responsibility to defend the Constitution, their oaths of office, but voluntarily opted not to. The Internet helped flood the world with information to pass around, both good and bad, but the crimes of both parties became difficult for them to wash away now that Google made all web searchers equal. Today, things have accelerated into realms of the absurd. CNN recently cut off a congressman in mid-sentence for uttering the word "Wikileaks." This Soviet-style clampdown on dissent remains a shocker even in a society that's pretty much seen it all. - Advertisement - The media, distrusted by most , is only one aspect of the problem though. Americans get their views from joking heads as much as from stodgy teleprompter readers. Talk shows and comedy skits propagandize viewers every bit as much as do the Washington Post or New York Times . Celebrity endorsements matter. A casual glance at those programs would reveal that democracy is non-existent in Hollywood today. All voices are not represented. Minority candidates cannot get air time, will not be interviewed, and will only be mocked in absentia as per John Oliver's recent disgraceful hit piece on Green Party candidate Jill Stein , a cowardly move John. Shameful. But Oliver is far from alone. I single him out because he knows better and could have done justice to the Green Party and to its clear alternative to perpetual war, empire, and industrialized ecocide. But where would that have left him personally vis a vis the Hollywood political consensus?

ARTICLE

License DMCA Ryan, Obama, McConnell, Reid, Pelosi, MSM, and most of Americans need to grasp and act on the irrefutable fact that America can never, involuntarily, go broke. We can afford anything we need which serves a public purpose. All of our needs are paid for from the Treasury's General Fund Account, not from tax dollars or revenue from bond sales. Because Speaker Ryan and his allies, wrongly, couch discussions of spending in the context of scarce resources, the public is always led to believe that Congress must rob Peter to pay Paul, raise taxes, or sell Treasury bonds to fund federal government expenditures. They insist there is only and always the harbinger of debt being the singularly most constraining factor preventing our government from funding public purpose. Nothing is further from reality and the irrefutable truth than this cynical presentation of America's capacity to fund itself. There needs to be an open discussion concerning fiscal policy constraints on Congress allegedly preventing it from appropriating funds to resolve health care provision not only in South Carolina but the provision of funding health care nationally. Clearly, one constraint is ideology (politics.) It would seem that a reasonable political solution would begin with the acknowledgment that doing nothing exacerbates human suffering. No one should support that alternative. A second alternative is to agree to do something that optimizes available resources to resolve the problem of poverty. That solution begins with the acknowledgment of the indisputable power of the Congress to make laws that create the currency with which all Federal Programs are funded. - Advertisement - Because our Federal Government is monetarily sovereign, it can never, involuntarily, "become bankrupt." We can never be Greece, or any of the EC member nations because they do not have monetary sovereignty, cannot issue currency. Our Federal Government (Congress, Treasury, and Federal Reserve) issues a sovereign currency, the dollar, as a non-convertible, fiat currency, in a flexible exchange rate regime, and it has no debt in a foreign currency. Under these, irrefutable, monetary characteristics Congressional appropriations are constrained only by the actuality of inflation and Congress' refusal to pay our bills (appropriate funding.) Moreover, Congress never needs revenue per se to fund its appropriations. The notion that our government needs income to spend is, categorically, false in our post gold standard Modern Money Era which began in 1971-'73. Speaker Ryan and company would have us believe that tax revenue is needed to accomplish spending. That contention is illogical. Tax policy in America manages inflation by taking dollars out of the economy to prevent over spending. While there has been no serious threat of inflation since the 1970's, we are over-taxed. Tax policy is also supposed to be designed to manage income distribution. It has failed this task over the past 45 years as marginal tax rates have become more regressive favoring the rich over the rest. Simply put, tax revenue does not fund the Federal Government. That revenue is never recycled. The government simply issues more electronic dollars. It's illogical and inefficient to recycle government liabilities. - Advertisement - The dollars with which we pay the tax liability must first come from government spending. Speaker Ryan knows this and that Government spending is the first source of dollars entering the economy. Fiat creates dollars. In the instance of the Federal Government, when it spends more than it receives in revenue (which it never needs and this construction is purely accounting not a financial requirement.) Ryan and too many others, consider this an economic Armageddon. None of them admit to the existence of the surplus. That surplus, from government "deficit spending dollars" is now held by those of us in the private sector. We now possess the dollars; it's our surplus or technically our net financial savings after taxes are paid. It's essentially interest-free money for us to spend as we choose. That's why the financial sector/commercial bankers hate deficit spending. Americans benefit from deficit spending and therefore, don't need to go into debt to maintain living standards. Our surplus from deficit spending is what keeps the economy growing. Federal (public) deficit spending is equal, to the penny, to net financial assets in the private sector. When Ryan and company tell us they're going to cut the deficit, it automatically means they are going to reduce the amount of interest-free money available to us. That eventually will, in short order, force us to use our savings, retained earnings or borrow from banks at interest just to maintain current spending. The last six times our economy went into recession were each preceded by either a government surplus or a balanced budget. In all cases too much was cut or taxed away from us by austerity policies and conversely, not enough government spending was authorized by Congress to support interest-free stimulus. Moreover, since this economy has high levels of regional and sub-regional unemployment (ranging from 12% to 35%), the Federal Government should deficit spend until we have a full employment economy.

ARTICLE

License DMCA " If we regard money as a thing, it becomes a given, and we lose our ability to change it in any way. . . . When we understand that money is created by a set of understandings and practices, we can begin examining the terms of these agreements to see whether they actually serve our collective aspirations and objectives. Currencies can be redesigned to better meet our needs." Bernard Lietaer In the first article of this series, following Lietaer, we defined money for what it is; an agreement within a community to use something as a medium of exchange. We noted that money is not stuff in the normal sense. Instead, it is numbers in a system of accounting. Sometimes something physical is used to represent the numbers in this accounting system, but it is just that, a symbol, not the money itself. Our current money has no physical representation. We then discussed how money works in its simplest form; a mutual accounting system. We noted that money involves commitments and claims on commitment. Commitments relate to debits, and claims on commitment relate to credits in the accounting system. In this analysis we intentionally did not use the commonly recited functions of money; medium of exchange, unit of account, store of value, and standard of deferred payment. The reason is that the latter two functions replace and obscure the fact that money is the measure of commitment and claims on commitment, which underlie store and standard. In the second article , we discussed the social implications of money, and the concept of capital. We introduced the rights/responsibility equation; how in a democracy, with every right there is a corresponding responsibility, commitments and claims on commitment being an example of the more general concept. We went on to define money capital;money capital is a large claim on commitment, and it relies on the commitment of its users to get this claim; again an example of fact that for every credit, there is a corresponding debit, following the rights/responsibility equation. In the third article , we described our present private-for-profit money system, and noted that in the present system, the rights/responsibility equation is ignored. Money is created by fiat, without acknowledging that the money created represents a commitment on the part of all of its users to the operation and stability of the money issue. The fact that this commitment is not acknowledged gives the managers of the money system great power over its users. They decide what money is to be created for, and what actions it will support. Money is created for its creator's profit. In support of this argument, we disaggregated profit, demonstrating its two functions; providing compensation for time and effort exerted, and an unearned portion that is a private tax on the market. This private tax goes to the owners of the banking system and for profit businesses. - Advertisement - In the fourth article , we discussed alternatives that are currently being considered. We found that Central Government created fiat money has many of the characteristics of private-for-profit money. It is a top down, authority managed form of money that again ignores the commitment of its users to its operation and stability. A second weakness is that it leaves in place the private-for-profit banks as the interface between the users of the money and its creators. Thus the issue of the unearned private tax on its users is not properly dealt with. It is noted that historically, government created money has, over time been corrupted and taken over by the bankers, because of this weakness. In the fifth article we discussed natural and human capital. We noted that natural capital was here before humans came on the scene, and that it was treated as a commons by early man. We noted that the concept of private ownership depends on violence and power, not democratic decision making; that those who promoted private property promoted it to gain power, not to promote democracy. We pointed out that the drive for profit as the primary directive of the present money system is a major motivation for militarism, bullying, and the promotion of fear and anger. This contrasts with the values underlying simple money; to value its users and manage their mutual provisioning. The work of Henry George and Elinor Ostrom was shown to support the concepts of simple money. In this final article of the series we discuss a method for moving from our present money system to the use of simple money. Following the edict that we don't concentrate on what is wrong, but on creating something that serves those of us who use it, and exhibits values that are consistent with what we need and want, we create a new system, and let the old one go its own way, as it doesn't serve our use. - Advertisement - Unlike government issued money, simple money requires no legislation for its introduction; it can be introduced by its users. It will initially not be coin of the realm; useful in payment of taxes, but it will be useful to its users, and will demonstrate this usefulness to them, and those they deal with. Acceptance can be gradual, as approval is gained. It can support alternative businesses and institutions in their development and operation. In time, simple money can be acknowledged as official coin in local jurisdictions, and then larger ones. Open source blockchain accounting systems are the natural form for mutual money to be organized with our present technology. However in setting up democratic blockchain platforms, it is important that all the values built into the simple democratic system are implemented. It is important that systems be limited to a community scale, and that users know who each other are, so trust can be informally as well as formally supported. Structures need to be put into place so that users set limits on positive and negative balances, to prevent abuse. Crowd funding can be structurally facilitated, as well as community funding. Instead of 'mining' for money, money would be created as a commitment to other members of the community. Balances will revolve around zero instead of always being positive to maintain the zero sum game. With these provisions, the money supply is automatically regulated.

ARTICLE

All programs for National Novel Writing Month, Camp NaNoWriMo, and the Young Writers Program are free, but tax-deductible donations are gratefully received. NaNoWriMo has been a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization since 2005. - Advertisement - 
Hundreds of novels which were first drafted during NaNoWriMo have been published: the site lists nearly 400 traditionally published and 200 self published novels. Collage of book covers by Meryl Ann Butler for OpEdNews License DMCA 
Barnes & Noble News lists eight bestsellers that started out as NaNoWriMo projects: 
Sara Gruen's Water for Elephants , was on the best seller lists for over a year and was made into a movie starring Reese Witherspoon and Robert Pattinson - Advertisement - 
Erin Morgenstern's award-winning The Night Circus , spent seven weeks on the NY Times bestselling list and has been published in several languages, film rights were sold to Summit Entertainment. 
Hugh Howey, author of Wool, began by selling ebooks, then he signed a six-figure deal with a major publisher and sold the film rights to 20th Century Fox. 
Marissa Meyer's New York Times-bestselling series of YA redoux of classic fairy tales, including Scarlet, Cress and Cinder, started out as NaNoWriMo projects, as well as Rainbow Rowell's Fangirl , and Jason Hough's The Darwin Elevator 
Each year, authors offer mentorship to participants through pep talks . Past author mentors have included Gene Luen Yang, John Green, N. K. Jemisin, and Veronica Roth. 
Everyone has a story inside. Want to write it in a month? Just sign up. Tell your story

ARTICLE

WHAT WILL Donald Trump do if he loses the elections in a week and a half from now, as most polls indicate? 
He has already declared that he will recognize the results -- but only if he wins. 
That sounds like a joke. But it is far from being a joke. 
Trump has already announced that the election is rigged. The dead are voting (and all the dead vote for Hillary Clinton). The polling station committees are corrupt. The polling machines forge the results. 
No, that is not a joke. Not at all. - Advertisement - 
THIS IS not a joke, because Trump represents tens of millions of Americans, who belong to the lower strata of the white population, which the white elite used to call "white trash." In more polite language they are called "blue collar workers," meaning manual workers, unlike the "white collar workers" who occupy the offices. 
If the tens of millions of blue collar voters refuse to recognize the election results, American democracy will be in danger. The United States may become a banana republic, like some of its southern neighbors, which have never enjoyed a stable democracy. 
This problem exists in all modern nation-states with a sizable national minority. The lowest strata of the ruling people hates the minority. Members of the minority push them out of the lower jobs. And more importantly: the lower strata of the ruling majority have nothing to be proud of except for their belonging to the ruling people. 
The German unemployed voted for Adolf Hitler, who promoted them to the "Herrenvolk" (master people) and the Aryan race. They gave him power, and Germany was razed to the ground. 
THE ONE and only Winston Churchill famously said that democracy is a bad system, but that all the other systems tried were worse. - Advertisement - 
As far as democracy is concerned, the United States was a model for the world. Already in its early days it attracted freedom-lovers everywhere. Almost 200 years ago, the French thinker, Alexis de Tocqueville, wrote a glowing report about the "Democratie en Amerique." 
My generation grew up in admiration of American democracy. We saw European democracy breaking down and sinking into the morass of fascism. We admired this young America, which saved Europe in two world wars, out of sheer idealism. The democratic America vanquished German Nazism and Japanese militarism, and later Soviet Bolshevism. 
Our childish attitude gave way to a more mature view. We learned about the genocide of the native Americans and about slavery. We saw how America is seized from time to time by an attack of craziness, such as the witch hunt of Salem and the era of Joe McCarthy, who discovered a Communist under every bed. 
But we also saw Martin Luther King, we saw the first black President, and now we are probably about to see the first female President. All because of this miracle: American democracy.

ARTICLE

License DMCA 
I am now convinced that the Oligarchy that rules America intends to steal the presidential election. In the past, the oligarchs have not cared which candidate won as the oligarchs owned both. But they do not own Trump. 
Most likely you are unaware of what Trump is telling people as the media does not report it. A person who speaks like this is not endeared to the oligarchs. 
Who are the oligarchs? -- Wall Street and the mega-banks too big to fail and their agent the Federal Reserve, a federal agency that put five banks ahead of millions of troubled American homeowners who the federal reserve allowed to be flushed down the toilet. In order to save the mega-banks' balance sheets from their irresponsible behavior, the Fed has denied retirees any interest income on their savings for eight years, forcing the elderly to draw down their savings, leaving their heirs, who have been displaced from employment by corporate jobs offshoring, penniless.
-- The military/security complex which has spent trillions of our taxpayer dollars on 15 years of gratuitous wars based entirely on lies in order to enrich themselves and their power. 
-- The neoconservatives whose crazed ideology of US world hegemony thrusts the American people into military conflict with Russia and China. - Advertisement - 
-- The US global corporations that sent American jobs to China and India and elsewhere in order to enrich the One Percent with higher profits from lower labor costs. 
-- Agribusiness (Monsanto et.al.), corporations that poison the soil, the water, the oceans, and our food with their GMOs, hebicides, pesticides, and chemical fertilizers, while killing the bees that pollinate the crops. 
-- The extractive industries -- energy, mining, fracking, and timber -- that maximize their profits by destroying the environment and the water supply. 
-- The Israel Lobby that controls US Middle East policy and is committing genocide against the Palestinians just as the US committed genocide against native Americans. Israel is using the US to eliminate sovereign countries that stand in Israel's way. 
What convinces me that the Oligarchy intends to steal the election is the vast difference between the presstitutes' reporting and the facts on the ground. - Advertisement - 
According to the presstitutes, Hillary is so far ahead that there is no point in Trump supporters bothering to vote. Hillary has won the election before the vote. Hillary has been declared a 93% sure winner. 
I am yet to see one Hillary yard sign, but Trump signs are everywhere. Reports I receive are that Hillary's public appearances are unattended but Trump's are so heavily attended that people have to be turned away. This is a report from a woman in Florida: 
"Trump has pulled huge numbers all over FL while campaigning here this week. I only see Trump signs and stickers in my wide travels. I dined at a Mexican restaurant last night. Two women my age sitting behind me were talking about how they had tried to see Trump when he came to Tallahassee. They left work early, arriving at the venue at 4:00 for a 6:00 rally. The place was already over capacity so they were turned away. It turned out that there were so many people there by 2:00 that the doors had to be opened to them. The women said that the crowds present were a mix of races and ages." 
I know the person who gave me this report and have no doubt whatsoever as to its veracity.

ARTICLE

License DMCA Part I -- Liars For those who might wonder why foreign policy makers repeatedly make bad choices, some insight might be drawn from the following analysis. The action here plays out in the United States, but the lessons are probably universal. Back in the early spring of 2003, George W. Bush initiated the invasion of Iraq. His public reason for doing so was the belief that the country's dictator, Saddam Hussein, was on the verge of developing nuclear weapons. The real reason went beyond that charge and included a long-range plan for "regime change" in the Middle East. For our purposes we will concentrate on the belief that Iraq was about to become a hostile nuclear power. Why did President Bush and his close associates accept this scenario so readily? The short answer is Bush wanted, indeed needed, to believe it as a rationale for invading Iraq. At first he had tried to connect Saddam Hussein to the 11 September 2001 attacks on the U.S. Though he never gave up on that stratagem, the lack of evidence made it difficult to rally an American people, already fixated on Afghanistan, to support a war against Baghdad. However, the nuclear weapons gambit proved more fruitful, not because there was any hard evidence for the charge, but because supposedly reliable witnesses, in the persons of exiled anti-Saddam Iraqis, kept telling Bush and his advisers that the nuclear story was true. What we had was a U.S. leadership cadre whose worldview literally demanded a mortally dangerous Iraq, and informants who, in order to precipitate the overthrow of Saddam, were willing to tell the tale of pending atomic weapons. The strong desire to believe the tale of a nuclear Iraq lowered the threshold for proof. Likewise, the repeated assertions by assumed dependable Iraqi sources underpinned a nationwide U.S. campaign generating both fear and war-fever. - Advertisement - So the U.S. and its allies insisted that the United Nations send in weapons inspectors to scour Iraq for evidence of a nuclear weapons program. That the inspectors could find no convincing evidence only frustrated the Bush administration and soon forced its hand. On 19 March 2003 Bush launched the invasion of Iraq. The expectation was that, once in occupation of the country, they would surely find those nukes. They did not. Their Iraqi informants had systematically lied to them. Part II -- Social and Behavioral Sciences to the Rescue? The various U.S. intelligence agencies were thoroughly shaken by this affair, and today, 13 years later, their directors and managers are still trying to sort it out -- specifically, how to tell when they are getting "true" intelligence and when they are being lied to. Or, as one intelligence worker has put it, we need "help to protect us against armies of snake oil salesmen." To that end the CIA et al., are in the market for academic assistance. A "partnership" is being forged between the Office of the Director of National Intelligence (ODNI), which serves as the coordinating center for the 16 independent U.S. intelligence agencies, and the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering and Medicine. The result of this collaboration will be a "permanent Intelligence Community Studies Board" to coordinate programs in "social and behavioral science research [that] might strengthen national security." Despite this effort, it is almost certain that the "social and behavioral sciences" cannot give the spy agencies what they want -- a way of detecting lies that is better than their present standard procedures of polygraph tests and interrogations. But even if they could, it might well make no difference, because the real problem is not to be found with the liars. It is to be found with the believers. - Advertisement - Part III -- Believers It is simply not true, as the ODNI leaders seem to assert, that U.S. intelligence agency personnel cannot tell, more often than not, that they are being lied to. This is the case because there are thousands of middle-echelon intelligence workers, desk officers, and specialists who know something closely approaching the truth -- that is, they know pretty well what is going on in places like Afghanistan, Iraq, Syria, Libya, Israel, Palestine and elsewhere. Therefore, if someone feeds them "snake oil" they usually know it. However, having an accurate grasp of things is often to no avail because their superiors -- those who got their appointments by accepting a pre-structured worldview -- have different criterion for what is "true" than do the analysts. 
Listen to Charles Gaukel, of the National Intelligence Council -- yet another organization that acts as a meeting ground for the 16 intelligence agencies. Referring to the the search for a way to avoid getting taken in by lies, Mr. Gaukel has declared, "We're looking for truth. But we're particularly looking for truth that works." Now what might that mean? I can certainly tell you what it means historically. It means that for the power brokers, "truth" must match up, fit with, their worldview -- their political and ideological precepts. If it does not fit, it does not "work." So the intelligence specialists who send their usually accurate assessments up the line to the policy makers often hit a roadblock caused by group-think, ideological blinkers, and a "we know better" attitude.

ARTICLE

License DMCA 
Middle East policy has reached an inflexion point, a moment when Official Washington seems to be caught in the middle between escalation and retreat. 
On one hand, the rhetoric has not been more militant since Hillary Clinton's famous "we came, we saw, he died" moment in October 2011. With Barack Obama halfway out the door and Clinton all but crowned, Washington's laptop bombardiers are rejoicing that the half-measures are over and judgment day nearly at hand. 
Thus, The New York Times assures us that that the Middle East is "desperate for American leadership" while the Washington Post reports that "the Republicans and Democrats who make up the foreign policy elite are laying the ground work for a more assertive American foreign policy." 
Leading think tanks are publishing "a flurry of reports" urging stepped-up intervention, including U.S.-backed "safe zones to protect moderate rebels from Syrian and Russian forces" and even "limited" cruise-missile strikes. But while differing on the details, all agree something must be done. The time to act is now. 
As Vox puts it: "The hot new policy idea in Washington is the hottest old idea: direct US military intervention in Syria's civil war." - Advertisement - 
But reading between the lines, a very different picture emerges, a realization that the U.S. has painted itself into a corner and that there is little it can do after all. Thus, the Times observes that while the Middle East is clamoring for U.S. leadership, it is not clamoring for Bush-style intervention but for some mythical "middle ground" in between him and Obama. 
While reporting that pro-escalation sentiment is unanimous in Washington's vast foreign-policy establishment -- sometimes known as " the blob " -- the Washington Post notes that "even pinprick cruise-missile strikes designed to hobble the Syrian air force or punish [President Bashar al-]Assad would risk a direct confrontation with Russian forces" and wonders whether a war-weary public will support any intervention at all. 
"My concern is that we may be talking to each other and agreeing with each other," it quotes one expert as saying, "but that these discussions are isolated from where the public may be right now." 
Official Washington in a Bubble 
Thus, even the Establishment worries that it lives in a bubble. Washington wants war, it needs war, and yet it admits in practically the same breath that it can't have it. So what will it do? - Advertisement - 
Then there are the mild liberals over at Vox, the hip and successful Washington website founded by journalistic wunderkind Ezra Klein. Voxers pride themselves on being sharp and practical yet in the end they are sealed off as well. The poster boy for this tendency is Zack Beauchamp, a young writer who stars in a recent Vox video entitled, " The crisis in Aleppo, explained in 4 minutes ." 
As Beauchamp lectures away amid fancy graphics and cool background music, the video faithfully toes the Washington line, both the stirring gung-ho part and the downbeat refrain that inevitably follows. Thus, he describes the Syrian civil war as a "story of flip-flops," with Assad seemingly on the ropes until Iran and Russia put him back on his feet, at which point the Saudis and Qataris put the rebels back on their feet so the game can continue. 
But the real turning point, he says, occurred in September 2015 when Russia stepped in with airstrikes that allowed the government to besiege the Salafists in eastern Aleppo. 
"A siege," Beauchamp then explains, "involves trapping a group of people, civilians and fighters both, inside a certain territory and denying them supplies until they can no longer fight. Assad's strategy has a vicious logic to it. When you deprive people of food and you bomb them over and over again, they're likely to give in just to make the fighting stop."

ARTICLE

Headlined to H3 10/28/16 - Advertisement - 
GOP presidential contender Donald Trump giddily and predictably wasted no time when FBI Director James Comey announced that the agency was looking at more Clinton emails. For the umpteenth time, Trump branded her a criminal and demanded that Americans not let her "criminal enterprise" into the Oval Office. No matter that Comey made it clear that there is no evidence at the moment that there was anything improper, let alone illegal, in the emails. But the revelation that the Feds were looking at them coming in the stretch run to the White House was more than enough to set off talk of the perennially mentioned October surprise that could derail a presidential candidate's presidential bid; in this case the candidate being Clinton. 
Even if there is something amiss in the emails, it won't change the race's outcome. Trump's path to an electoral vote win was always dicey at best, but more likely, impossible. The big electoral states such as California, New York, Illinois, Maryland, Washington, and a handful of other less electoral rich states are solid lock down Democratic states. The six or seven key swing states that are crucial, either trend Democratic. In nearly all cases, they voted for President Obama in his election and re-election bids, and are almost certain to stay that way through Election Day. 
Having said that, the email flap just won't go away. This does pose something else that could be problematic for Clinton in the White House. That's turning the GOP into an even more ferocious, obstructionist, take-no-prisoners party that will wage open war against her administration. Trump and the GOP have hammered home the line that Clinton is shady, untrustworthy and, less charitably, a serial liar. It's had an effect. Her approval and popularity ratings have hovered just slightly above those of Trump. In some pithy polls, voters vote "neither" for and not for either her or Trump. The race to the bottom in the presidential campaign has been fed by the near fetish focus by much of the mainstream media and far too many pundits on the sex and corruption allegations against respectively Trump and Clinton. 
The FBI's announcement of more email probes means that Clinton will have to take precious time out from her campaign focus on the issues that should and do really matter to again answer questions about what she did and why she did it with her emails. Reporters will shout this at her no matter what point she's trying to make about jobs, health care, or a foreign policy matter. 
Once in the Oval office, this fetish isn't likely to end, Trump and the GOP will see to that. The opening salvo came from Arizona Senator John McCain when he saber rattled Clinton by calling for the rejection of any Clinton SCOTUS pick. Even if the Democrats take back the Senate, that threat is still not just hot air. The GOP will still have enough Senate votes to delay, foot drag, obstruct, harass, pick and probe endlessly at, and ultimately filibuster a Clinton pick. The hope being that this will force Clinton to withdraw the pick, and send the message that the choice for the High Court must pass the hard-nosed conservative ideological litmus test that's the GOP set piece for a SCOTUS judge. 
The warfare will be even worse in the House which the GOP almost certainly will control. House Speaker Paul Ryan gave a huge signal just how fierce that warfare against her will be. He was barely a step behind Trump in climbing all over the Comey announcement about the emails to lambaste Clinton. - Advertisement - 
If Clinton moves quickly as she's promised with her plan to ramp up spending on jobs and economic reconstruction to the tune of $300 billion, this will send the GOP scurrying even faster to the barricades. It will try and toss every barrier it can in her way, making all kinds of wild charges that the spending is nothing more than a pork barrel, gravy leaden, pay out to the urban poor, and disadvantaged, at the expense of the long suffering, high tax paying white middle-class. 
Clinton takes office with the GOP manufactured and Trump fed cloud of suspicion hanging heavily over her. The great danger is that this will plant the seed even deeper in the public that the Clintons are the personification of sleaze. This in turn would blur, ignore and flat out dodge any real talk about tax reform job growth and the economy, health care, wealth and income inequality, civil rights, environmental concerns and criminal justice reforms. 
Clinton's continuing email problems can't make Trump into what he isn't and never was. And that's a credible, qualified choice to occupy the Oval Office. It just makes it that much easier for the GOP to do even more to make it harder for Clinton who is that choice to do the job that she will be elected to do. 
Earl Ofari Hutchinson is an author and political analyst. His latest book is "What We Can Expect from President Clinton" (Amazon Kindle) He is an associate editor of New America Media. He is a weekly co-host of the Al Sharpton Show on Radio One. He is the host of the weekly Hutchinson Report on KPFK 90.7 FM Los Angeles and the Pacifica Network. - Advertisement -

ARTICLE

- Advertisement - What the heck was FBI Director James Comey thinking? Three emails found with the name "Clinton" in them on disgraced, serial genitals photographer, Anthony Weiner's computer, amounts to an investigation tantamount to and obliquely sugges

ARTICLE

- Advertisement - 
Here's the thing:Today, October 27, 2016, I, like many of you, watched live feeds of the events going down at Standing Rock.I am at a loss to define my feelings. Anger, outrage, pity, fear 
...One phrase kept going through my mind, like

ARTICLE

OpEdNews Op Eds 10/29/2016 at 09:35:53 Real Video from Today in North Dakota, for those who have strong stomachs and some sense of Justice Permalink (Page 1 of 1 pages) (14 fans) - Advertisement - 
This is really sickening footage from North Dakota, but you need to watch it now and share it widely with your friends and groups, please. 
Shame, shame....I truly feel shame for my nation of oppressors, and shame turns to anger. 
Little or none of this is appearing on any mainstream media, just a video on the UN Rights of Indigenous Peoples which 3+ millions have watched. 
What you will see in this video is what is really going on, the true front line. They are heavily armed, using pepper spray in aggressive ways that it is not supposed to be used, using tasers and violence. (image by Unicorn RIot TV) License DMCA - Advertisement - 
I hope millions internationally see how North Dakota and the corporations are treating the people whose only crime was that they were here first. 
I don't know what the solution really is, other than Obama ordering a complete cessation of the pipeline construction. Bernie Sanders has made clear that he supports the native defenders and wants to put a stop to the Dakota Access Pipeline. He is only one Senator: ask yours to help soon! 
This is turning from an outrage to a massive sense of shame for what our nation is becoming. - Advertisement -

ARTICLE

License DMCA The face of the Republican Party. 
There is a light at the end of this tunnel called a presidential election campaign and, if the gods are not playing a cruel trick on us, that light is not on an engine with TRUMP emblazoned on its sides. In any event, the end is near and I am as weary of writing about this ugly affair probably as you are of reading about it. 
The problem is, that's all most of the mainstream and social media care to talk about these days. In case you missed the other news: 1) The Cubs and Indians are in the World Series. 2) Heavily armed police in North Dakota attacked hundreds of protesters who joined the Standing Rock Sioux tribe trying to block construction of a pipeline they say threatens water supplies and sacred sites. 3) Soupy Sales, master of the pie-in-the-face, died. And 4) Tim Tebow is apparently just as good at baseball as he was at playing quarterback in the NFL. 
But really, the only thing the media want to talk about are Donald Trump's repeated claims that the election is rigged and that the press -- meaning all the news outlets who report accurately on his words and actions -- lie. 
These are claims that losers and demagogues resort to when everything else -- lies, threats, lies, threats, lies, threats -- fails. Honestly, it is disheartening to feel a need to point out to, apparently, millions of Americans, that Trump's claims are nonsense. It is even more disheartening to realize that many of the people who still support his candidacy don't seem to care. There is a major issue to address some day soon in that. 
Meanwhile, as to his two claims: Voter fraud is virtually non-existent in America. You can check this with any legitimate news provider. The real threat is voter intimidation -- keeping some people from voting through excessive (illegal) regulations and perceived threats. Suggesting rigged elections is a serious threat to the very foundation of a free, democratic society -- an orderly transfer of power. This is something about which Trump knows little and seemingly cares less. As far as he's concerned, if he doesn't win, the powers that be must be against him. The press. Ah, the press. "They can say anything they want," he complained the other day. No kidding, Sherlock. You just noticed? He says if he's president he's going to change that and strip the major media companies of their power. He can try, of course. It won't be easy though. You see, Donald, those same forefathers who were so wise as to guarantee Americans the right to bear arms in that Second Amendment you and your followers are so fond of spouting and shouting about thought the idea of a free and unfettered press was so important to a functioning democracy that they wrote it into the First Amendment of the Constitution. That's one ahead of the guns amendment, which some might say suggests it is more important. Since a civics lesson is apparently in order for Trumpers, it should be noted that the First Amendment also guarantees everyone freedom of religion. Which is also to say, freedom from your religion. 
But these are mere facts and Trump and the folks at Fox News have demonstrated the power of repeating false news over and over again until listeners -- like the inhabitants of Orwell's "1984" -- simply take it for fact. We have always been at war with Eurasia. We have never been at war with Eurasia. Love is hate. War is peace. I know Putin well. I never met the man. - Advertisement - 
We are told that many Trump supporters -- virtually all of them white and the majority male -- are angry and frustrated with their lives. Somehow, goes the argument, all those black, brown, Muslim, Mexican, gay, Jewish, Arab, Asian people who don't belong here -- and some pushy American women as well -- have prevented these Trump fans from realizing the American Dream. They took all the jobs and live on welfare. Love is hate. Up is down. Bigotry has nothing to do with it. We just want to make America great again, like before all those other people said they wanted to enjoy the American Dream, too. 
Enough already. At some point in a person's life, if he or she is lucky, the opportunity presents itself to take responsibility for one's actions. To take stock of how things are going. Not materially, but really. It can be frightening. It can also be rewarding. Among other things, this look in the mirror allows one to say -- if one can be honest -- "I've made some mistakes. I sincerely regret them. I hope to do better from now on." A lot of people never do this. 
With that runaway train called Trump menacing the trust and tolerance that are the pillars of our, yes, already great nation, I'm thinking that a lot of people -- a lot of white, Republican people -- have a date with a mirror. It's far too late to undo the damage Trump has done or to deny any part in it, but it's not too late to admit the mistake of supporting him in spite of all the hateful, false things he said. It's not too late to admit to acting as if he didn't say them because, well, maybe because you were angry or confused or frightened or thought it would be disloyal. Maybe you feel you were lied to. Or maybe you just wanted to believe the lies. 
Republican politicians who have stuck with Trump have no such out. The McCains and Ryans and Cruzes and Rubios knew Trump was bad news from day one. But he was their bad news and his lies became their lies even when they disagreed with him, because they never had the courage -- the humility, the simple decency -- to look in the mirror and say: "Enough. This man is obscene. He is an insult to our party and our nation. We made a grave mistake in pandering to the worst instincts of some of our party members in order to get their votes. Our pride kept us from admitting this. Fear drove our decisions. We allowed him to make fools of us. Indeed, we made fools of ourselves." 
Speaking, if I may, for the rest of an angry, resentful nation, that day of reckoning can't come soon enough. - Advertisement -

ARTICLE

(42 fans) - Advertisement - In my research of what is happening in our communities regarding resilience from the insanity of today's corporate and government behaviors, I came across this Maryland Community Pilot study. This study is listed as being written this year, 2016. This makes the research fresh. To give credence to this movement, consider some of the investigators for the study. People like: * Karen Akerlof, Center for Climate Change Communication, George Mason University * Fredrika Moser, Maryland Sea Grant * Kristin Baja, Office of Sustainability I could continue on and on. My point is, the people involved are professionals and not whacked out "greenies". There are four Maryland neighborhoods involved in the study. Some of the neighborhood climate risks entail: Flooding and sewage overflows from storm water run-off, urban heat island effects, pollen allergens, increased air pollution, storms, riverine flooding (in Westport). - Advertisement - The vulnerabilities include: Low socioeconomic populations, racial disparities, vacant housing, poor health and air quality (Baltimore), industrial facilities (Westport) The site further states that Communities are beginning to plan efforts to consider adaptation strategies to build their resilience (NRC, 2010), yet many lack the political capital or access to information and resources that would allow them to prepare for chronic flooding, catastrophic storm events, and losses of economically important natural resources. Frequently, it is underserved and underrepresented communities that lack these resources and are most vulnerable to the effects of changing environmental conditions (Douglas et al., 2011; Melillo, Richmond, & Yohe,2014). Storm events are particularly devastating to socially vulnerable communities, even when controlling for infrastructure characteristics (Highfield, Peacock, & Zandt, 2014). - Advertisement - Meeting the needs of high-risk/low-resource communities is one of the most critical challenges in achieving resilience nationally (NRC, 2010), but little tailored information exists to guide program development specifically for these contexts (NOAA, 2015). Moreover, our understanding of the conditions under which audiences are most likely to engage in successful decision-making to reduce vulnerabilities is still evolving (Webler, Tuler, Dow, Whitehead, & Kettle, 2014). "Build resistance to what?" you may ask. Personally I use the term resilience. It's more positive. Resilience as I define it is the adoption of behaviors and programs that lead to a supportive and clean environment, healthy families and a vibrant you.

ARTICLE

Reprinted from fair.org by Janine Jackson Militarily Armed Police License DMCA 
While elite media wait for the resistance to the Dakota Access Pipeline to go away so they can return to presenting their own chin-stroking as what it means to take climate change seriously , independent media continue to fill the void with actual coverage. 
One place you can go to find reporting is The Intercept ( 10/25/16 ), where journalist Jihan Hafiz filed a video report from North Dakota, where the Standing Rock Sioux and their allies continue their stand against the sacred site--trampling, water supply--threatening project. 
Hafiz reports that after a morning of prayer, Standing Rock activists 
were attacked by police forces who used pepper spray and beat protesters with batons". Dozens of officers, backed by military trucks, police vans, machine guns and nonlethal weapons, violently approached the group without warning. 
As the demonstrators attempted to leave, the police began beating and detaining them. Several Native American women leading the march were targeted, dragged out of the crowd and arrested. One man was body-slammed to the ground, while another woman broke her ankle running from the police. The military and police trucks followed the protesters, as nearly a hundred officers corralled them into a circle. Among the arrested were journalists--including Hafiz--a pregnant 17-year-old and a 78-year-old woman. - Advertisement - 
Once jailed, Hafiz and others were refused phone calls and received no food or water for eight hours. Women were strip-searched, two women fainted from low blood sugar and another had her medication taken away. 
On her release, Hafiz was told, "Your camera is being held as evidence in a crime." 
That crime, of course, would be journalism . And it's hard to believe law enforcement would feel so cavalier about treating it that way if more reporters were actually committing it. Protest against the Dakota Access Pipeline License DMCA - Advertisement - 
Since the last time FAIR checked on how much coverage corporate media were giving the Dakota Access struggle ( FAIR.org , 9/22/16 ), ABC and NBC have ended their blackout, airing one story apiece on their national news shows: NBC 's Today show (10/11/16) had 71 words about the arrest of actor Shailene Woodley at the site, and ABC 's Good Morning America (10/23/16) ran 70 words on how "a protest over construction of an oil pipeline turned violent." 
For news from Standing Rock, people would do better to follow #NODAPL on Twitter , and check out resources like SacredStoneCamp.org and Indian Country Today . View Ratings | Rate It http://fair.org 
FAIR , the national media watch group, has been offering well-documented criticism of media bias and censorship since 1986. We work to invigorate the First Amendment by advocating for greater diversity in the press and by scrutinizing media ( more... )

ARTICLE

License DMCA 
As an old SDS-er, I found it hard to see Tom Hayden go. However meandering his path, he was at the heart of radical history in the 60s, an erstwhile companion, if not always a comrade, on the route of every boomer lefty. 
One of his finer moments for me, which I've never seen mentioned (including among this week's encomia) since he wrote it, was his 2006 article , published on CounterPunch with an introduction by Alexander Cockburn, in which he apologized for a "descent into moral ambiguity and realpolitick that still haunts me today." It would be respectful of Hayden's admirers and critics, on the occasion of his passing, to remember which of his actions "haunted" him the most. 
The title of the article says it clearly: "I Was Israel's Dupe." In the essay, Hayden apologizes for his support of the Israeli invasion of Lebanon in 1982, which was for him that "descent into moral ambiguity" More importantly, he explains why he did it, in a detailed narrative that everyone should read. 
Hayden sold out, as he tells it, because, in order to run as a Democratic candidate for the California State Assembly, he had to get the approval of the influential Democratic congressman Howard Berman. Berman is a guy who, when he became Chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee, was proud to tell the Forward that he took the job because of his "interest in the Jewish state" and that: "Even before I was a Democrat, I was a Zionist." 
Hayden had to meet with Howard's brother Michael, who, acting as "the gatekeeper protecting Los Angeles' Westside for Israel's political interests," told Hayden: "I represent the Israeli Defense Forces"--a sentence that could serve as the motto of most American congress critters today. The "Berman-Waxman machine," Hayden was told, would deign to "rent" him the Assembly seat on the "one condition: that I always be a 'good friend of Israel.'" 
But American congressmen were not the only "gatekeepers" through whose hands Hayden had to pass before being allowed to run for Congress. Other "certifiers" included "the elites, beginning with rabbis and heads of the multiple mainstream Jewish organizations," the American-Israel Political Action Committee (AIPAC), "[and].. Israeli ambassadors, counsels general and other officials." - Advertisement - 
In fact, Hayden had to, in his words, be "declared 'kosher' by the ultimate source, the region's representative of the state of Israel," Benjamin Navon, Israel's Counsul-general in Los Angeles. 
In other words, in this article Hayden was describing, in an unusually concrete way, how the state of Israel, through its state officials and their compliant American partners, was effectively managing--exercising veto power over Democratic Party candidates, at the very least--American elections down to the level of State Assembly . In any constituency "attuned to the question of Israel, even in local and state elections," Hayden knew he "had to be certified 'kosher,' not once but over and over again." 
This experience prompted Hayden to express a "fear "that the 'Israeli lobby' is working overtime to influence American public opinion on behalf of Israel's military effort to 'roll back the clock' and 'change the map' of the region." Hayden warned of the "trepidation and confusion among rank-and-file voters and activists, and the paralysis of politicians, especially Democrats," over support of Israel. He vowed to "not make the same mistake again," and said: "Most important, Americans must not be timid in speaking up, as I was 25 years ago." 
Whatever else he did--and he was never particularly radical about Palestine--this article was a genuinely honest and unusual intervention, and it deserves a lot more notice--as a moment in Tom Hayden's history and that of the American left--than it has got. Looking back and regretfully acknowledging that one had been duped and morally compromised by what seemed the least troublesome path 25 years earlier, saying "I woulda, shoulda, coulda done the right thing," is a haunting moment for anyone. Doing it in a way that exposes in detail how a foreign country constantly manipulates American elections over decades is worthy of everyone's notice. 
I doubt Hillary and her Democratic supporters will have anything to say about this "interference "in American elections, even local and state. But I do hope many of those who are touched by the loss of Tom Hayden heed these words from him, and don't wait another 25 years to overcome their "fear and confusion" about saying and doing the right thing regarding the crimes of Israel, troublesome as that might be. - Advertisement -

ARTICLE

(Member since Aug 20, 2011), 16 fans, 4 articles, 1 quicklinks, 1564 comments Reply to Arlan Ebel: 
I liked his music, and I liked him generally, I guess you could say I was a fan, until I actually met him and interacted with the guy on a personal basis. After seeing his true face revealed, I liked him, not at all. 
Like the Nobel itself, which revealed its true face when they gave the peace prize to Obama. They're both dead to me now. OneZombiePoet, and OneEmpiricalSnot, trying to reconcile the carnage they have sneezed into the world, by paying prizes to "talented" individuals. I don't buy it. 
Reminds me of those cheap online site come ons, asking for content submissions or feedback, then publishing them every one, but paying for none. Sometimes taking it all, or offering a single 'prize' by lottery, or just an ego trip of imagined 'fame'. 
It's all so cheap and lurid, where's the integrity? Submitted on Saturday, Oct 29, 2016 at 12:28:29 AM 

ARTICLE

(7 fans) - Advertisement - 
Hillary Clinton is very sincere and is committed to economy, employment, refugees, immigration and health reforms as a means of making lasting change in the US and in the world. Now we need to take concrete action and not waste time in rhetoric. Hillary Clinton is committed to build an infrastructure of education, employment, health care, small business, free press, electrical power, communications and transportation. Hillary Clinton has a deep commitment. She is active in our educational and development community, include her involvement with the government and with leaders. She played an important role in offering outreach to the people including women and children. We must vote for her. We should remember that the first condition for economic reforms is good leaders, and employment. Good leaders and employment opportunities are necessary not only for the economic growth but also for the security, physical well being and psychological comfort of the American citizens. US has always been demonstrated a decent and sustained growth rate because of a fully functioning democratic system. The pillars of the US democratic system include regular elections, peaceful transfer of power, American people's involvement in all development programs, and a reliable power among the states. This has enabled US to pursue a policy of economic liberalization, massive educational improvement and of providing a solid investment in a long-term perspective. Yes, US still suffers from unemployment, and faces challenges; these problems seem solvable soon. US needs to establish and implement long-term policies of economic growth. It should also create a well-organized and comprehensive development vision that all the political leaders should agree to follow. Making appropriate investments in our roads, electrification, and extension services would help considerably in improving Americans lives. Increasing investment in basic education and health care are important in ensuring that the poor participate meaningfully in the economic growth. A lack of education and health care hurts the poor today. And finally, President Hillary Clinton must focus on generating high rates of sustainable growth while ensuring that the benefits of that growth is spread to all parts of states. As we know, the solutions are the same everywhere, have a society based on equity and justice for everyone. - Advertisement - As we know, most countries do the opposite. Discrimination against women and children today is as bad as decades ago. It's always the issue of the privileged not caring, the poor get hurt and people of color and women especially get hurt the most. Thus, vote for Hillary Clinton, because the role of the leaders is more important and they can assist people's movements for economic growth. - Advertisement -

ARTICLE

License DMCA 
The New York Times headline article sums up Comey's dilemma aptly enough. 
"Mr. Comey could immediately inform Congress about the emails, which were found in an investigation into former Representative Anthony D. Weiner. That unusual step, months after Mr. Comey had cleared Mrs. Clinton of any criminal wrongdoing in the email case, would risk accusations that he was unfairly harming her presidential campaign less than two weeks before the election. 
"Or he could delay any announcement and examine the new emails more closely, risking criticism that he had suppressed important new information if it came out after the election, despite his pledges of "transparency" in the investigation." 
And with that, the choice should have been obvious -- Comey shouldn't have made any announcement. There shouldn't have been a decision to make. - Advertisement - 
That there was even a choice in Comey's mind comes back to the same thing that's caused the FBI Director to err at every single stage of this investigation. It's not that "Jim Comey is an apolitical straight shooter," as every talking head is eager to tell you. It's that Jim Comey is very concerned that he be seen as an apolitical straight shooter. Because of that, he has, repeatedly, put preservation of his own reputation ahead of both justice and the good of the nation. 
From his ludicrous, finger-wagging press gaggle in announcing Clinton's innocence, to his ham-fisted intrusion into the final act of the election, Comey has felt compelled to insert Jim Comey, straight-shooter, into every moment. 
As a result he's caused serious harm to the FBI, to the election, and to the nation. And, just incidentally, he's ruined his reputation in the process. 
Across the nation, prosecuting attorneys are not exactly the most modest or retiring of public servants. It's a position of unique power, and often engages the most vaunting egos. And yet, Comey has managed to shock those people whose responsibilities are most like his own. 
"'It is not the function of the FBI director to be making public pronouncements about an investigation, never mind about an investigation based on evidence that he acknowledges may not be significant,' [former assistant U.S. attorney] Akerman added. 'The job of the FBI is simply to investigate and to provide the results of its investigation to the prosecutorial arm of the U.S. Department of Justice. His job is not to give a running commentary about any investigation or his opinion about any investigation. This is particularly egregious since Secretary Clinton has no way to respond to what amounts to nebulous and speculative innuendo.'" - Advertisement - 
It's not enough for Comey to do his job. He wants to be seen doing his job. He worries about the eyes of history, the verdict of time. Which is exactly where, and why, Comey failed. 
Doing the right thing means doing what you believe is proper even if the verdict of history comes against you. It means being willing to be seen as biased, or not transparent, or simply wrong. Doing the right thing risks finding that what you did was actually wrong. You must act on what you know, and do the best regardless. 
But Comey was more concerned that he be seen as doing the right thing. And that's ... a completely different thing. 
In essence, James Comey set his ego above the good of the country. That's not illegal, but it's certainly not right.

ARTICLE

License DMCA 
A curious aspect of the Syrian conflict -- a rebellion sponsored largely by the United States and its Gulf state allies -- is the disappearance in much of the American mainstream news media of references to the prominent role played by Al Qaeda in seeking to overthrow the secular Syrian government of Bashar al-Assad. 
There's much said in the U.S. press about ISIS, the former "Al Qaeda in Iraq" which splintered off several years ago, but Al Qaeda's central role in commanding Syria's "moderate" rebels in Aleppo and elsewhere is the almost unspoken reality of the Syrian war. Even in the U.S. presidential debates, the arguing between Republican Donald Trump and Democrat Hillary Clinton has been almost exclusively about ISIS, not Al Qaeda. 
Though Al Qaeda got the ball rolling on America's revenge wars in the Middle East 15 years ago by killing several thousand Americans and others in the 9/11 attacks, the terrorist group has faded into the background of U.S. attention, most likely because it messes up the preferred "good guy/bad guy" narrative regarding the Syrian war. 
For instance, the conflict in Aleppo between Syrian government forces and rebels operating primarily under Al Qaeda's command is treated in the Western media as simply a case of the barbaric Assad and his evil Russian ally Vladimir Putin mercilessly bombing what is portrayed as the east Aleppo equivalent of Disney World, a place where innocent children and their families peacefully congregate until they are targeted for death by the Assad-Putin war-crime family. 
The photos sent out to the world by skillful rebel propagandists are almost always of wounded children being cared for by the " White Helmet" rebel civil defense corps , which has come under growing criticism for serving as a public-relations arm of Al Qaeda and other insurgents. (There also are allegations that some of the most notable images have been staged , like a fake war scene from the 1997 dark comedy, "Wag the Dog.") - Advertisement - 
Rare Glimpse of Truth 
Yet, occasionally, the reality of Al Qaeda's importance in the rebellion breaks through, even in the mainstream U.S. media, although usually downplayed and deep inside the news pages, such as the A9 article in Saturday's New York Times by Hwaida Saad and Anne Barnard describing a rebel offensive in Aleppo. It acknowledges: 
"The new offensive was a strong sign that rebel groups vetted by the United States were continuing their tactical alliances with groups linked to Al Qaeda, rather than distancing themselves as Russia has demanded and the Americans have urged. ... The rebels argue that they cannot afford to shun any potential allies while they are under fire, including well-armed and motivated jihadists, without more robust aid from their international backers." (You might note how the article subtly blames the rebel dependence on Al Qaeda on the lack of "robust aid" from the Obama administration and other outside countries -- even though such arms shipments violate international law.) 
What the article also makes clear in a hazy kind of way is that Al Qaeda's affiliate, the recently renamed Nusra Front, and its jihadist allies, such as Ahrar al-Sham, are waging the brunt of the fighting while the CIA-vetted "moderates" are serving in mostly support roles. The Times reported: 
"The insurgents have a diverse range of objectives and backers, but they issued statements of unity on Friday. Those taking part in the offensive include the Levant Conquest Front, a militant group formerly known as the Nusra Front that grew out of Al Qaeda; another hard-line Islamist faction, Ahrar al-Sham; and other rebel factions fighting Mr. Assad that have been vetted by the United States and its allies." - Advertisement - 
The article cites Charles Lister, a senior fellow and Syria specialist at the Middle East Institute in Washington, and other analysts noting that "the vast majority of the American-vetted rebel factions in Aleppo were fighting inside the city itself and conducting significant bombardments against Syrian government troops in support of the Qaeda-affiliated fighters carrying out the brunt of front-line fighting." 
Lister noted that 11 of the 20 or so rebel groups conducting the Aleppo "offensive have been vetted by the C.I.A. and have received arms from the agency, including anti-tank missiles. ... 
"In addition to arms provided by the United States, much of the rebels' weaponry comes from regional states, like Turkey, Qatar and Saudi Arabia," Mr. Lister said, "including truck-borne multiple-rocket launcher systems and Czech-made Grad rockets with extended ranges." 
The U.S./Al Qaeda Alliance

ARTICLE

(4 fans) - Advertisement - 
Jill Stein, a medical doctor who is running for President on the Green Party ticket, has claimed that the pharmaceutical industry has a corrupting influence on the Food and Drug Administration (FDA). She has also claimed that she was part of a public-health movement that led to the removal of mercury from childhood vaccines. In reality, we have no evidence that the mercury in childhood vaccines was causing any harm. Nor was any grassroots organization, other than the American Academy of Pediatrics, involved in the decision to stop using a mercury compound called thimerosal as a preservative in vaccines. (Stein is an internist, not a pediatrician.) The decision to make childhood vaccinations mercury-free was made by the FDA and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC). Prominent antivaccination activists started speaking out about mercury in vaccines only after the vaccines became mercury-free. 
It is disturbing that Republican and Green Party presidential hopefuls, including some medical doctors, have been using the talking points of the antivaccination movement. What's worse is that any medical doctor, and especially any medical doctor who wants to be chief executive of the federal government, does not seem to know how the federal government works to protect public health. 
Many laymen were horrified to hear that a mercury compound was ever being used as an ingredient in childhood vaccines. Yet that mercury compound is a powerful preservative that was being used to solve a serious safety problem. This problem became obvious in 1928, in a disaster called the Bundaberg Tragedy. A bottle of diphtheria vaccine in a doctor's office in Bundaberg, Queensland, Australia, became contaminated with a bacterium called golden staph (Staphylococcus aureus). The bacterium was probably carried into the bottle by the needle that was used to draw out one of the first doses from the bottle. Then, the bacteria grew inside the bottle as it sat on a shelf between doses. Twelve of the children who received vaccine from this contaminated bottle died. Five others became seriously ill but recovered. To prevent a similar tragedy from happening in the United States, the US Code of Federal Regulations (21CFR610.15) requires vaccine makers to put a preservative in multiple-dose containers of practically all vaccines. Single-dose containers can be preservative-free but are more expensive. 
The regulation does not specify which preservatives must be used. However, it does say that the preservative must be "sufficiently nontoxic so that the amount present in the recommended dose of the product will not be toxic to the recipient." Also, the preservative must not interfere with the potency of the vaccine. Thimerosal has been used since the 1930s as a preservative in vaccines because it was the most effective option, it did not interfere with the potency of the vaccine, and it was well tolerated. Thimerosal has also been used as a preservative in contact-lens solutions. Even today, despite an extensive research effort, we have no evidence that the use of thimerosal in vaccines has caused any health problems. 
The person who raised the question of the mercury content of medicines (not specifically vaccines) was Frank Pallone, a Democratic Congressman from New Jersey. In 1997, he introduced an amendment to the FDA's reauthorization bill. This amendment gave FDA two years to compile a list of all medicinal products that contain mercury compounds as ingredients. The FDA had to analyze what kind of mercury compound was in each product, and how much of each mercury compound the product contains. In response to this congressional mandate, the FDA revisited the question of how much exposure children were getting to thimerosal through their vaccinations. 
Because of the introduction of some new vaccines, the amount of thimerosal that children were receiving had gone up. In 1999, scientists at the FDA calculated that the recommended vaccines would deliver a total of 187.5 micrograms of mercury. (A microgram is a millionth of a gram.) However, there was no reliable way to judge whether this amount of mercury exposure is a problem. In the human body, thimerosal is broken down into ethylmercury, but the federal guidelines on mercury toxicity were based on methylmercury. To be on the safe side, the scientists assumed that ethylmercury would be just as dangerous as methylmercury. (We now know that it is not, because it is quickly eliminated through the kidneys.) So they suggested that steps be taken to reduce thimerosal exposure. Back in 1999, we had no evidence that the thimerosal in vaccines was causing problems. By now, we have evidence that it was not causing any of the health problems that were investigated. However, it did become a serious public-relations problem. - Advertisement - 
The FDA and the CDC take vaccine safety seriously. As a result, the recommended vaccines are amazingly safe. Yet there is one thing that we can do to improve safety still further, while restoring public trust in the public-health authorities. We must focus on driving diseases like polio, measles, and rubella into extinction through vaccination. Once a disease is extinct, everyone is protected against it, forever. As a result, children do not need to be exposed to even the minimal risks, and the discomfort, of the vaccination. Instantly, the sales of the vaccine drop to zero. By working to eradicate a vaccine-preventable disease, we public-health activists make it crystal clear that our goal is public health, not private profit. - Advertisement -

ARTICLE

License DMCA 
It's like we are back to the 1800s when the U.S. Army rampaged against Native American tribes across the American West. The militarized police and the use of the National Guard this week in responding to the Standing Rock Sioux Native American challenge in North Dakota to big oil and its dangerous pipelines reminds one of Custer's Last Stand against Sitting Bull. 
In fact, the portrait of Sitting Bull is on one of the most popular t-shirts available to supporters of the "water protectors," as those are known who protest yet one more oil pipeline that crosses sensitive watershed areas and major rivers of the United States. 
Four days last week, I joined hundreds of Native Americans and social justice campaigners from around the United States and around the world, in challenging the Dakota Access Pipe Line (DAPL), the 1,172-mile, $3.7 billion dollar scar across the face of North Dakota, South Dakota, Iowa and Illinois. 
Last week, I photographed the area along Highway 6 south of Bismarck where the Energy Transfer Partnership contractors were busy digging the trench for the "Black Snake" as the pipeline is called. License DMCA - Advertisement - 
I also counted 24 police cars returning to Bismarck at shift change around 3 p.m., a huge number of state law enforcement personnel and vehicles dedicated to protection of corporate business, instead of the rights of citizens. 
Huge machines were chewing up the earth near water sources for all of North Dakota. The pipeline was rerouted from near Bismarck so if the pipeline breaks it would not endanger the water supply of the capital city of the state. But it was relocated to where it will cross the Missouri River and will jeopardize the water supply of the Native Americans and all Americans living in southern North Dakota and downstream of the Missouri River. Security forces protecting the Dakota Access pipeline construction spray protesters with pepper spray. License DMCA - Advertisement - 
On Thursday, the digging took a more confrontational turn. The huge digging equipment arrived to cut across State Highway 1806 at a spot where water protectors had set up a front-line camp several months ago, one mile north of the main encampment of over 1,000 people. As the equipment arrived, the "water protectors" blocked the highway. 
In a dangerous incident, an armed private security guard of DAPL came onto the camp and was chased off into the water abutting the camp by water protectors. After a lengthy standoff, tribal agency police arrived and arrested the security guard. Water protectors set his security vehicle on fire. 
On Friday more than 100 local and state police and North Dakota National Guard arrested over 140 people who blocked the highway attempting to stop the destruction of the land. Police in riot gear with automatic rifles lined up across a highway, with multiple MRAPs (mine-resistant ambush protected military vehicles), a sound cannon that can immobilize persons nearby, Humvees driven by National Guardsmen, an armored police truck and a bulldozer. 
Police used mace, pepper spray, tear gas and flash-bang grenades and bean-bag rounds against Native Americans who lined up on the highway. Police reportedly shot rubber bullets at their horses and wounded one rider and his horse. 
As this police mayhem was unfolding, a small herd of buffalo stampeded across a nearby field, a strong symbolic signal to the water protectors who erupted in cheers and shouts, leaving law enforcement officials wondering what was happening. The security forces protecting the Dakota Access pipeline against protesters are heavily militarized.

ARTICLE

License DMCA 
Wall Street really wants Congress to override both presidential candidates and We the People, and push that Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) through after the election, but before the new President and Congress take office. 
As Politico's Morning Trade reported Thursday, "Eight major financial services industry associations made an appeal to congressional leaders to support passage of the TPP this year." 
Well, that's that, then; instructions have come down from management. Get TPP done -- and lock in corporate rule -- before democracy and representative government and We the People can stop it. 
Meanwhile ... those countries we are "partnering" with? How are people and workers treated? How do countries like Vietnam handle basic human rights, labor rights, environmental protections, things like that? What are we getting ourselves into? - Advertisement - 
Nguy...n Ngoc Nhdegrees Quynh is coordinator for the Vietnamese Bloggers Network and receiver of the 2015 Civil Rights Defender of the Year award , 
"Civil Rights Defenders is delighted to announce that the recipient of the 2015 Civil Rights Defender of the Year Award is Nguy...n Ngc Nhdegrees Quynh. She is Coordinator for the Vietnamese Bloggers Network and well known for her use of social media to speak out against injustices and human rights abuses in Vietnam." 
In 2014, Quynh the Stockholm-based NGO Civil Rights Defenders honored her as a Human Rights Defender. 
Quynh blogs under the pseudonym of Me Nam (Mother Mushroom). She writes about corruption in the government and warns readers about problems with things like the way the government protects them from things like toxic chemical spills. 
Because of this, Vietnam has arrested Quynh on charges of "spreading propaganda against the state." - Advertisement - 
NY Times, October 11, " Vietnam Arrests Mother Mushroom, a Top Blogger, for Criticizing Government ": 
"The authorities in Vietnam said on Tuesday that they had arrested a popular blogger who has criticized the country's one-party government over politically delicate topics, including a dump of toxic chemicals that devastated fishing communities and set off protests. 
"The blogger, Nguyen Ngoc Nhu Quynh, 37, was detained on Monday in Khanh Hoa, a south-central province. She was accused on Tuesday of distorting the truth and spreading propaganda against the state, according to the Vietnamese news media. The charges carry a maximum prison term of 12 years. No trial date was given." 
Quynh could be imprisoned for up to 12 years for criticizing her government's handling of a toxic chemical spill at a foreign-owned steel mill.

ARTICLE

License DMCA 
I am currently working as hard as I can to see that Donald Trump is defeated, that Hillary Clinton is elected president, and that Democrats gain control of the US House and Senate. The day after the election, working with millions of grass-roots activists, I intend to do everything possible to make certain that the new president and Congress implement the Democratic platform, the most progressive agenda of any major political party in the history of the United States. 
That agenda includes overturning the disastrous Supreme Court decision on Citizens United, raising the minimum wage to $15 an hour, expanding Social Security, breaking up "too-big-to-fail banks," making public colleges and universities tuition-free for the middle class, and rebuilding our crumbling infrastructure. It also includes pay equity for women, a new approach toward trade, aggressive action to combat climate change, raising taxes on the wealthy and large corporations, lowering prescription drug prices, a significant movement toward universal health care, and major reforms in our criminal justice and immigration systems. 
If this election has taught us anything, it is that the American people are sick and tired of the economic, political, and media status quo. They are tired of a rigged economy in which millions work longer hours for lower wages while 52 percent of all new income goes to the top 1 percent. They are tired of billionaires like Trump and large profitable corporations not paying a nickel in federal income taxes while the middle class pays their fair share to support governmental services. They are tired of a corrupt campaign finance system that allows billionaires like the Koch brothers, Sheldon Adelson, and others to spend hundreds of millions to elect candidates who will represent the wealthy and the powerful. They are tired of corporate media that focus on political gossip and look at elections as personality contests, rather than provide for a serious discussion of the major crises facing our country. 
The anger and frustration of the American people, all across the political spectrum, is palpable. They want a government that represents the needs of working families and not just billionaires. They want bold action to rebuild the shrinking middle class, not inside-the-beltway palliatives written by corporate lobbyists. 
At a time of massive political discontent, when millions not only are contemptuous of the major political parties but are also actually giving up on democracy, we need a new administration that has both vision and courage. We need vision from the top to point the way toward a new America that is more inclusive and egalitarian -- which boldly addresses income and wealth inequality, poverty, and the needs of the uninsured. We need an administration that has the courage to take on the powerful special interests -- corporate America, Wall Street, the insurance and drug companies, the fossil fuel industry -- who stand in the way of real change and whose greed is destroying this country. - Advertisement - 
There is no moral excuse for the top one-tenth of 1 percent owning as much wealth as the bottom 90 percent, for one family (the Waltons) having more wealth than the bottom 42 percent of our population, for the number of billionaires increasing by ten-fold since 2000 while we continue to have the highest rate of childhood poverty of almost any industrialized country on earth. 
There is no rational reason why we remain the only major country not to guarantee health care to all as a right or provide paid family and medical leave, or why we have more people in jail than any other country on earth at the same time as we have outrageously high levels of youth unemployment in minority communities. 
Too many Americans are living in despair and hopelessness. Too many of our brothers and sisters are turning to drugs, alcohol and suicide to avoid the painful economic realities of their lives. Too many others are turning to rage and bigotry as they try to make sense of their declining standard of living. 
At a time of hateful political division, a new president can bring our people together by leading and appointing an administration that will fight for working people. We need a secretary of treasury who is prepared to take on the greed and illegal behavior of Wall Street, not someone who comes from Wall Street or will leave office to go to Wall Street. We need a trade representative who understands that our current trade policies have failed, and that we must adopt a trade approach that represents workers and not the CEOs of large corporations. We need an attorney general who is prepared to vigorously enforce antitrust laws and prosecute bankers and corporate leaders who break the law. 
This is an historic and pivotal moment in American history. Now is the time for our next president to rally the American people against Wall Street and corporate greed and stand up vigorously for the declining middle class. - Advertisement -

ARTICLE

License DMCA Racism is generally thought of as discriminating against any group of people because of certain distinctive physical features they have in common. The barren shallowness of this definition is itself actually characteristic of the 'consciousness' of people who engage in racist attitude and orientation. To find the real roots of racism we have to go down to the level of culture formation itself. It is here that what we call racism becomes inevitable. Racism does not exist merely as a flaw in cultural formation. It is an innate feature of culture formation because of what culture has always historically shown itself to be. All culture formation begins in the response of awareness to reality as experienced through the filter of this particular awareness. Everything we know about human pre-history and history tells us that fear plays a radical role in culture formation. The very fact that culture formation is a group response rather than being characterizes by any significant degree of individuality supports this thesis. The group forms as a means of protection against real possibilities of danger. Reality is perceived as dangerous, or at least as presenting possibilities of danger. And ultimately reality means the apparently inescapable mystery of mortality, which is anything but welcome and non-threatening. - Advertisement - The group forms as a means of protection and as the group develops, its group identity begins to form the rudiments of culture. This culture identity has fear as part of its elementary constitution. And the primary means of countering the threats this fear perceives is to find and develop features of reality that affirm the group identity. This involves both finding actual features in and projecting desired features onto reality. And the primary projection always involves seeing reality as having a face that affirms and reflects the face of the group itself. And this absolutely includes affirmation of the physical characteristics of the group. These physical characteristics become inseparable from the entire cultural panoply. This does not mean that culture is simply fantasy. But the fact that there are real elements in any culture only fortifies the fantasy elements and makes them indistinguishable from the real. The iconic imagery of all cultures shows the superhuman higher powers as having features that precisely reflect the features of the human group that develops this imagery. This is not merely coincidental or accidental. It shows that the human group has a fear-based emotional need to believe its particular features, which are subject to mortality, are, in spite of this fact, the features of truth . Truth becomes the protective shield of the distinctively featured group. And it must be kept in mind that this Truth is Absolute Truth (God) and therefore gives an Absolute value to the features of the group. So any human feature or behavior that varies from this group-truth is seen as at least potentially threatening and dangerous and can easily be seen as evil . But wherever it falls in the spectrum of evaluation, it is always alien and suspect because it challenges the group-truth-identity with existential fear at its foundation. The fact that aspects of culture such as art and religion can bring a joy to the people of a particular culture does not nullify anything I have said. And it also does not mean that these aspects are of no real value. But it does reveal the fact that even these aspects are of limited reality-value. And this limit is exposed by the existence of other humans who have developed a clearly different culture. The problem of racism is precisely the problem of how humans develop the Reality-Truth picture that sustains them as a group. Paranoid fear of a person or group with different physical and psychological-orientation features is not just arrogance. It involves an existential fear of identity dissolution and it reflects the failure to adequately deal with this fear in human history. Some degree of racism exists wherever culture exists. The idea that racism is a feature of exclusively any one group of people is ludicrous and very dangerous. It's all about human fear-constriction and the human desire for power over what is frightening in reality rather than expanding further into reality and keeping an open-ended identity. It is the result of partial human identity development pretending to be absolute and finished. To end racism means to end desperate attachment to dangerously undeveloped identity. It means consciousness expansion to a depth that reveals all culture as relative in truth-value and all humans as transitional forms in evolutionary movement. We are all racist because we are all afraid of reality and its evolutionary movement. The solution to this is not the development of black culture, or white culture, or yellow culture... The solution is the development of a fearless open-ended human culture and such a culture does not yet exist anywhere on the earth. Until it does humanity is in danger of self-destruction. In the present context of American society there is no ready solution to racial discrimination because there are no social structures that feed the consciousness expansion required. This oligarchic society is the death-cold pyramid of human fear of reality that feeds the forces of exploitation, abuse, and neglect. It induces pathological behavior from the top of the pyramid to the bottom. The solution to the rabid discrimination against Native Americans and African Americans at the bottom of the pyramid is not the popularizing of Native-American or African-American culture that just ends up as pulp for the amoral capitalist machine in the form of decadent and feckless entertainment. The solution is the creation of a human culture that is genuinely open to everyone because it encompasses all human experience and response. There is no other solution. However politically incorrect it might be, there is no other solution. - Advertisement -

ARTICLE

License DMCA 
MIDDLEBURY, Vt. -- The Native Americans who have spent the last months in peaceful protest against an oil pipeline along the banks of the Missouri are standing up for tribal rights. They're also standing up for clean water, environmental justice and a working climate. And it's time that everyone else joined in. 
The shocking images of the National Guard destroying tepees and sweat lodges and arresting elders this week remind us that the battle over the Dakota Access Pipeline is part of the longest-running drama in American history -- the United States Army versus Native Americans. In the past, it's almost always ended horribly, and nothing we can do now will erase a history of massacres, stolen land and broken treaties. But this time, it can end differently. 
Those heroes on the Standing Rock reservation, sometimes on horseback, have peacefully stood up to police dogs, pepper spray and the bizarre-looking militarized tanks and SWAT teams that are the stuff of modern policing. (Modern and old-fashioned both: The pictures of German shepherds attacking are all too reminiscent of photos from, say, Birmingham, Ala., in 1963.) 
The courage of those protesters managed to move the White House enough that the government called a temporary halt to construction. But the forces that want it finished -- Big Oil, and its allies in parts of the labor movement -- are strong enough that the respite may be temporary. 
In coming weeks, activists will respond to calls from the leaders at Standing Rock by gathering at the offices of banks funding the pipeline, and at the offices of the Army Corps of Engineers, for protest and civil disobedience. Two dozen big banks have lent money to the pipeline project, even though many of them have also adopted elaborate environmental codes . As for the Corps, that's the agency that helped "expedite" the approval of the pipeline -- and must still grant the final few permits. The vast movement of people across the country who mobilized to block fossil-fuel projects like the Keystone pipeline and Shell's plans to drill in the Arctic need to gather once more. This time, their message must be broader still. - Advertisement - 
There are at least two grounds for demanding a full environmental review of this pipeline, instead of the fast-track approvals it has received so far. The first is the obvious environmental racism of the whole project. 
Originally, the pipeline was supposed to cross the Missouri just north of Bismarck , until people pointed out that a leak there would threaten the drinking water supply for North Dakota's second biggest city. The solution, in keeping with American history, was obvious: make the crossing instead just above the Standing Rock reservation, where the poverty rate is nearly three times the national average. This has been like watching the start of another Flint, Mich., except with a chance to stop it. 
The second is that this is precisely the kind of project that climate science tells us can no longer be tolerated. In midsummer, the Obama administration promised that henceforth there would be a climate test for new projects before they could be approved. That promise was codified in the Democratic platform approved by Hillary Clinton's campaign, which says there will be no federal approval for any project that "significantly exacerbates" global warming. 
The review of the Dakota pipeline must take both cases into account. 
So far, the signs are not good. There has been no word from the White House about how long the current pause will last. Now, the company building the pipeline has pushed the local authorities to remove protesters from land where construction has already desecrated indigenous burial sites, with law enforcement agents using Tasers, batons, mace and "sound cannons." - Advertisement - 
From the Clinton campaign, there's been simply an ugly silence, perhaps rooted in an unwillingness to cross major contributors like the Laborers' International Union of North America , which has lashed out against the many other, larger unions that oppose the project. But that silence won't make the issue go away: Sioux protesters erected a tepee in her Brooklyn campaign office on Thursday. If Mrs. Clinton is elected on Nov. 8, this will be the new president's first test on environmental and human rights. 
What's happening along the Missouri is of historic consequence. That message should reverberate not just on the lonely high plains, but in our biggest cities, too. Native Americans have carried the fight, but they deserve backup from everyone with a conscience; other activists should join the protest at bank headquarters, Army Corps offices and other sites of entrenched power. 
The Native Americans are the only people who have inhabited this continent in harmony with nature for centuries. Their traditional wisdom now chimes perfectly with the latest climate science. The only thing missing are the bodies of the rest of us joining in their protest. If we use them wisely, a fresh start is possible. View Ratings | Rate It Bill McKibben is the author of a dozen books, including The End of Nature and Deep Economy: The Wealth of Communities and the Durable Future. A former staff writer for The New Yorker, he writes regularly for Harper's, The Atlantic Monthly, and The ( more... )

ARTICLE

No-fly zone would "require war with # Syria and # Russia " -- top US general http:// on.rt.com/7q0t - Advertisement - 6:15 PM - 22 Sep 2016 
Predictably, the Clinton (cash) machine has been relentless promoting Hillary's no-fly zone. Whenever cornered, the machine switches the narrative to Russian hacking of the DNC. Edward Snowden, who knows a thing or two about cyberwarfare, stresses there is no solid proof Russian intel hacked the Democratic/Clinton machine. And if they actually did it, the NSA would know. The fact the NSA is mum reveals this is no more than information war. Pass the missile launchers, please 
Trump seems to have been more on the money when he insisted how Hillary will be outsmarted -- as she already was in the past -- when dealing with President Putin, who she has demonized as Hitler. 
I have shown how Hillary will be prevented from launching WWIII because her no-fly zone is already implemented in Syria by Russia. And the Pentagon -- reflecting Dunford's comments -- knows it, no matter how emphatically soon-to-be-unemployed Pentagon head Ash Carter threatens " consequences ." 
The Pentagon ranks Russia and China as the number one and two "existential threats" to US national security, in that order. And the US government reserves for itself the privilege of a nuclear "first-strike" -- which Hillary supports (but not Trump); this is part of the 2002 Full Spectrum Dominance doctrine.

ARTICLE

Become a Fan - Advertisement - It was not too long ago that many people looked to the U.S. for leadership and not so long ago, our nation was still thought to be a democratic nation of laws, due process, and a prudent separation of powers. Now the U.S. is reviled; Bush is seen the world over as having betrayed his own people as he wages aggressive war against a nation that even he concedes had nothing whatsoever to do with 911, a nation about which he lied in order to justify his dirty, evil little war. The war on terrorism is phony.
And now, Bush proves everything that is said about him by refusing to close Guantanamo, by refusing to end practices of torture and rendition which he denies --even as he defends them. I recommend Robert Jackson 's Place in History by Henry King Jr. An excerpt: In his final report, after he resigned as U.S. Chief Counsel for War Crimes, Jackson stated that "[i]t is not too much to hope that this example of a full and fair hearing, and tranquil and deliberative judgment, will do something toward strengthening the process of justice in many countries. " I believe that after fifty years it can be maintained with considerable credibility that these visions have largely come to pass. Perhaps --at the time of the writing --"these visions" had come to pass. But thanks to the Bush administration's deliberate effort to undermine the very foundations of International Law, that important progress has been undone.
One rightly suspects Bush's motives. Even before the U.S. invasion of Iraq, before the attack on Afghanistan, Tom DeLay sponsored legislation that exempted U.S. soldiers from war crimes prosecution at the International Tribunal at the Hague. Did anyone in Congress stop to ask why? Were we planning to commit crimes for which we sought exemption from prosecution? Wasn't it clear to any thinking person what Bush was up to? Are we not the good guys? [Amendment to H.R. 1646, The Foreign Relations Authorization Act of 2001 ] 
Clearly --the Bush administration was, in fact, planning to commit war crimes but wanted to make them legal if done by the U.S. I cannot possibly hope to document in a short internet essay the various circumlocutions that have been indulged by the Bush administration and its chief apologist: Alberto Gonzales. All, however, are intended to make legal the very acts that are prohibited by Nuremberg --but only if those acts are done by Americans. Bush is at least consistent in this respect: neither would he press for trials for non-Americans. He would simply decree their imprisonment and torture. 
Nazis engaged in similar polemical campaigns. The results were tragic. So too with Bush who most certainly boasted of what can only be the summary executions of thousands who were most certainly murdered before they could assert their innocence: ...more than 3,000 suspected terrorists have been arrested in many countries. Many others have met a different fate. Let's put it this way -- they are no longer a problem to the United States and our friends and allies. 
This statement must be soberly examined; note that Bush refers to 3,000 suspects . Yet --he smirks that "...they have met a different fate." He boasts that "...they are no longer a problem to the the United States...". - Advertisement - They were only suspects . Since when does the United States summarily execute mere suspects? Do we not know who our enemies are? What were the conditions of their detention? Why are we rounding up mere "suspects" --and not actual combatants? How is the execution of suspects justified under any standard, any morality, any legal system? I am frankly surprised that Bush maintained the pretense when he has since arrogated unto himself the power to define terrorists. "Terrorists" are what Bush says they are. Bush is the judge and jury. Detainees are never charged and, by Bushs' own words, "suspects" are caused to be "...no longer a problem". Others are "terrorists" not because they are "terrorists" but because Bush --the decider --says they are. Some may be combatants. Some may be "evil doers". Others may be innocent. No matter. Bush --the all powerful decider --has thrown them all in the same wire cage. The same suicide factory.
Contrast Bush's remarks with those of American Supreme Court Justice Robert Jackson uttered when America still had credibility and moral authority: 
"That four great nations, flushed with victory and stung with injury stay the hand of vengeance and voluntarily submit their captive enemies to the judgment of the law is one of the most significant tributes that Power has ever paid to Reason. " 
-- Opening Statement before the International Military Tribunal, Robert Jackson, Chief American Prosecutor, Nuremberg War Crimes Trials - Advertisement - At the end of World War II, when even Winston Churchill espoused the summary executions of Nazi war criminals and Joseph Stalin favored mere show trials, it was the United States, under the leadership of Franklin Roosevelt, that insisted upon war crimes trials. Nazis would not be summarily shot merely because they were Nazis by definition or decree. Rather, they would be given a trial. Even Nazis would be allowed the right of counsel, the right to present a defense. 
How can Bush hope to defend democracy --as he has claimed --when he subverts every Democratic principle that has been fought and died for over the last four hundred years? How can Bush justify his war of aggression against Iraq when he subverts the very "democracy" that he claims to bring them? How can Bush accuse anyone outside the United States of "...just hat[ing] freedom" when Bush is himself democracy's most insidious enemy? 
If Nazis had engaged in the same disingenuous activities with regard to the incarceration and ultimate extermination of the jews, what moral authority could the U.S. have extended if its own policies differed not a whit in principle?

ARTICLE

License DMCA Today, no one is discussing our worst problem, growing poverty. Trump proposes Law and Order and more police in poor neighborhoods. Will more police end poverty or make it worse? How can we understand crime and its solutions without understanding its origins both historically and in terms of system? This is my attempt to come to terms with the joined evils of poverty and crime and thus form an understanding that leads to real solutions, a topic made off limits in this election. Like an infection, poverty and crime will only get worse if ignored.
German philosopher Hegel (whom Marx turned upside down) noted the "paradox" of poverty amidst great wealth: 
"[D]espite an excess of wealth, civil society is not wealthy enough -- i.e., its own distinct resources are not sufficient -- to prevent an excess of poverty and the formation of a rabble." Ah, the rabble democracy: mob rule. 
Like Aristotle 2000 years earlier, he sees that "poverty is the parent of crime." 
Lack of wealth, in a society where people are equal, does not create crime (for it creates no motive for crime). If you look out and all live in humble shacks, that's life. Enjoy! Skyscrapers - shanghai17s jimdo page! License DMCA - Advertisement - 
But if you look up from the slums to the mansions of the rich, if you see Trump Tower looming in the distance, this produces a sense of moral outrage, anger, resentment, a desire to correct things or to do revenge. This hostility to one's circumstances in life usually leads to crimes against fellow victims of inequality. The reaction to gross inequality is rooted in a moral sense of injustice: this can be misguided into crime against fellow victims....or harnassed for revolutionary change in which the poor stop killing each other and unite to crush their oppressors, the very people arming them to kill each other. This is the awakening that Marx tried to explain. 
And it is not just a "natural" result of inequality; it is deliberate, as Jay Gould said, when asked what to do about the poor rising up, that we can hire half the poor to kill the other half. Divide and Conquer: A strategy to managing your finances ... License DMCA 
The imperialist logic of divide, conquer (and loot) applies not only to foreign conquests but internally, for society is itself a set of populations based on class, from the Gates and Trumps of the world, to the malnourished children of the poor, not only in Bangladesh (where Trump's clothing is made by slave labor) but in New York City. - Advertisement - 
Hegel formed the justification for the totalitarian state: "The Nation State is spirit in its ... actuality ... it is therefore the absolute power on earth. ... The State is the Spirit of the People itself.
"All the worth which the human being possesses - all spiritual reality, he possesses only through the State . ... For Truth is the Unity of the universal and subjective Will; and The Universal is to be found in the State, in its laws, its universal and rational arrangements. The State is the Divine Idea as it exists on earth." 
"In direct contrast to German philosophy, which descends from heaven to earth, here we ascend from earth to heaven."(860) Communism Never Looked So Cute - ThingLink License DMCA Marx: 
Marx's Dialectical Materialism asserts that history is a process of development through conflict; not a conflict of ideas, but real conflict between economic classes." 
And there is the revolutionary answer to poverty: Workers of the world, unite.

ARTICLE

This is the planet Post Article Comment 
These discussions are not moderated. We rely on users to police themselves, and flag inappropriate comments and behavior. In accordance with our Guidelines and Policies , we reserve the right to remove any post at any time for any reason, and will restrict access of registered users who repeatedly violate our terms. OpEdNews welcomes lively, CIVIL discourse. Personal attacks and/or hate speech are not tolerated and may result in banning. Comments should relate to the content above. Irrelevant, off-topic comments are a distraction, and will be removed. By submitting this comment, you agree to all OpEdNews rules, guidelines and policies.

ARTICLE

opednews.com - Advertisement - 
CNN report s that protesters from around the world continue to congregate in North Dakota in solidarity with the Standing Rock Sioux and their struggle to stop construction of the Dakota Access Pipeline through (or placed so as to negatively affect) tribal lands. 
The issues and the divide between sides seem to be fairly conventional: Promises of jobs and economic growth motivate the pipeline's supporters. Its opponents cite environmental concerns (especially the prospective damage to tribal lands) and allege violations of the Fort Laramie Treaty of 1851 in Texas-based Energy Transfer Partners' wheedling of land use permissions out of federal and state governments. 
On balance, the opponents seem to have a good case; the supporters not much of a case at all. 
For more than a century and a half the US government has selectively ignored its treaties with the Standing Rock Sioux and other tribes whenever those treaties threaten to stymie the plans of corporations with friends in government. Successfully holding Washington to its word this time might give the politicians and their cronies pause next time. 
And even if letting the US government use treaties as toilet paper just because it can wasn't an incredibly corrosive idea, keep in mind that it's not just the Sioux who are getting mugged. Private land owners all along the pipeline's 1,100 mile route are feeling the pain, too. Like Keystone XL before it, ETP leverages government's power of "eminent domain" -- under the pretense that the pipeline is some kind of public service rather than the private for-profit enterprise it actually is -- to steal much of the land required to complete Dakota Access. 
The go-to excuse among proponents of these "public/private partnership" type land thefts is always "jobs and economic development," but even if that excuse flew (it doesn't), it's a pretty poor one in this case. The $3.7 billion pipeline is advertised as creating a whopping 40 permanent jobs. I'm not sure how many people work at the average Wal-Mart, but it looks like more than 40 to me. How many jobs in agriculture and other sectors would Dakota Access destroy along the way? We have no way of knowing. - Advertisement - 
For me, the bottom line is this: If the only way to do something you want to do involves stealing other people's stuff, you shouldn't do it. And you certainly shouldn't get government help to do it. Dakota Access is the opposite of the American way. - Advertisement -

ARTICLE

(7 fans) - Advertisement - Human right groups are alarmed at the spate of deaths of the Muttahida Qaumi Movement (MQM) workers in the custody of para-military force in Karachi. The MQM has called these brutal deaths as extra-judicial killings. On September 30, Syed Abdul Naveed, a MQM worker who was killed in the custody of para-military force. According to MQM sources, Naveed was brutally and inhumanly tortured to death while in custody and his dead body was dumped by the para-military rangers in rural Sindh, area called "Ounger" in the District of Thatta. 24News-HD TV reported, on August 28, that a MQM worker was killed in police custody. Leader of the Opposition in the Sindh Provincial Assembly MQM's Khawaja Izhar-ul-Hassan called this terrorism by the government agencies. 
In March, MQM leader, Dr. Farooq Sattar, said that some forty MQM workers were beaten up in Central Prison in Karachi by para-military force in order to extract 'favorable' statements from them. Not surprisingly in May,Director General (DG) Rangers, Major General Bilal Akber, accepted that a deceased MQM worker, Aftab Ahmed, was tortured by Rangers in custody for 90 days. General's statement came after pictures and videos were seen doing rounds on the social media, showing the corpse of the deceased MQM worker having major torture marks across his body. In June, Muttahida Qaumi Movement (MQM) worker Waseem mysteriously died in custody at the Aziz Bhatti police station in Karachi. Waseem had been arrested by the police a few days back for allegedly possessing illegal firearms. According to DIG Police East Munir Sheikh, an FIR was filed in light of the findings of the post mortem report and all the concerned police officials have been taken into custody. Tellingly, in August, the Senate's Functional Committee on Human Rights rejected a report submitted by Sindh para-military Rangers regarding the human rights violations in Karachi Operation, declaring it "fake and phony". In the report, prepared by an unknown human rights organization called "Human Rights Commission on South Asia", Sindh Rangers were given a clean chit. Sindh Rangers has obtained a false report by a dubious NGO in a bid to convince the parliamentary body that "it [Rangers] is not involved in human rights violations while conducting operation in Karachi", Senator Farhatullah Babar said during the senate panel meeting. Rangers, commanded by Army Officers, are deployed in Karachi under the Anti-Terrorism Act, which provides broad powers to the Rangers and other state security forces that have facilitated serious human rights violations, according to the New York-based Human Rights Watch. Soldiers are permitted to "shoot to kill" after giving a warning, but are not bound by human rights standards that permit the use of lethal force only in self-defense or to protect the lives of others. They can conduct arrests and searches of property without a warrant. - Advertisement - The Rangers are a border security federal force under the Ministry of Interior, but operate under the command of the Pakistan Army. Military control over the Rangers effectively transfers key law enforcement duties in Karachi to the armed forces, which has a long record of committing human rights violations with impunity, the Human Rights Watch said. The Rangers have been implicated in serious human rights abuses, including torture and other ill-treatment of criminal suspects, extrajudicial killings, and enforced disappearances. The Rangers have been implicated in abuses across the political spectrum, Human Rights Watch said. The Human Rights Commission of Pakistan (HRCP), a nongovernmental human rights organization, has also criticized the Rangers for enforced disappearances and other violations of due process rights, and stressed "the need for transparency in security operations." The Human Rights Watch in its annual report pointed out that under pressure from the military leadership, the government of Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif ceded significant constitutional and decision-making authority to the armed forces in 2015, particularly in the areas of national security, foreign policy, and human rights. "The military muzzled dissenting and critical voices in nongovernmental organizations and media. The Rangers, a paramilitary force, were given complete control over law enforcement in the city of Karachi, where there were reports of extrajudicial killings, enforced disappearances, and torture." Shafi Burfat, exiled chairman of a nationalist group, Jeay Sindh Muttahida Mahaz (JSMM), in a statement published on his website criticized the operation against the MQM. He says: - Advertisement - "Sindh is a permanent colony of Punjabi imperialism and Punjabi Army will savagely, brutally execute every Sindhi conscious person who stands against the occupation, oppression and aggression of Punjabi military establishment. We strongly condemn harassment, arrests, abductions, torture, enforced disappearances and extra-judicial killings of MQM activists All the bloodshed, plunder, torture, law enforcement violations are state created phenomenon created by Pakistani military,(the intelligence agency) ISI and its local stooges to exploit the resources of Sindh." About 90 percent of Pakistan army belongs to Punjab province. 
Muttahida Qaumi Movement (MQM) came in direct conflict with Army on August 22, when its London-based self-exiled leader Altaf Hussain criticized the army and government officials of systematically targeting his workers.

ARTICLE

opednews.com - Advertisement - The news in the Guardian (June 18) that 'The government has been secretly awarding honours to senior figures in the US military and foreign businessmen ' shows the importance we Brits attach to honoring people. Arise Sir George There is also a lot in the news just now about 'glorifying violence ' and I assume it mainly concerns anyone else who glorifies it, because we Brits have been at it for hundreds of years and do it better than most.I heard a story about the youngest recipient of the Victoria Cross a century ago. He was eighteen and when his maxim gun had jammed had bravely relied on a standard high velocity rifle to continue shooting the unfortunate Pathans, or whoever we were "supporting" at the time. He was cashiered for insubordination. He could cope with third world guys with spears, but not being told to get his flippin ' 'air cut. You are more likely to do your bravery when you are young and vulnerable and fear of a sergeant outweighs any feelings of fear of, or sympathy towards, your fellow human beings. "Right lads we are about to walk across no man 's land, and I would like you chaps to consider coming with me. " will not get results. "OK, you shower of girl 's blouses, I will personally shoot the last mincer out of this trench. " is likely to work, as long as the last guy who dared to debate the proposal, has not yet been removed from the barbed wire. Do we make ploughshares or wait until the next generation comes along, all spots and trying not to look like a female article of clothing in front of their mates and start all over?We glorify violence all the time, we promote people who are adept at slaughtering the biggest number in the best way and we give them medals as if their promotion was not enough. We make war movies shamelessly and don 't think this is weird. We sometimes give the movies medals as well. That 's glorifying violence. - Advertisement -

ARTICLE

License DMCA 
1. Why do some people object to water fluoridation? Doesn't fluoride occur in the water naturally anyway? 
The fluoride products used in water fluoridation (sodium fluoride or fluorosilicic acid) are classified as hazardous waste products of the fertilizer, aluminum, and nuclear industries. They are even more toxic than naturally-occurring fluoride, since they contain other components, such as arsenic and lead. 
However, even naturally-occurring fluoride, in areas with high concentrations (over 1 ppm) have been found to have extremely adverse health effects. Even before additional fluoride is added, the level of natural fluoride in the water in many areas in the U.S. is already equal to the amount of naturally-occurring fluoride that has been found to cause skeletal fluorosis in other countries. Studies done in India and China found skeletal fluorosis in areas containing naturally occurring fluoride as low as .07 ppm. (Gupta R, Kumar AN, Bandhu S, Gupta S. (2007) Skeletal fluorosis mimicking seronegative arthritis. Scandanavian Journal of Rheumatology 36(2):154-5.) That same amount, .07 pmm is the current amount recommended by the CDC to be added to community water supplies. 
In addition to the natural fluoride in groundwater, most people are exposed to multiple sources of fluoride (pesticides in wine and food, tea, some ceramics, anti-depressants, pollution from manufacturing, soft drinks, Teflon pans, toothpaste etc.). They presumably are being exposed to well over the equivalent of 1 ppm before any fluoride is added to the water, however no industry or government testing has ever been done to find out how much fluoride the public is absorbing from all sources. This massive exposure to fluoride did not exist in the 1950's, when fluoride was first introduced. 
2. Don't all advanced countries fluoridate their water? And hasn't it been proven that countries that do fluoridate their water have better dental health than countries that don't? 
No. Fluoridation has been almost completely abolished in Europe. Recently other countries, such as Israel and many parts of Australia, have discontinued fluoridation. Statistics gathered by the World Health Organization do not show any difference in rates of dental caries in fluoridated vs. non fluoridated countries. (WHO Collaborating Center for Education, Training, and Research in Oral Health, Malmo Univ., Sweden, 2012.) Where fluoridation has been discontinued in communities like Canada, the former East Germany, Cuba and Finland, dental decay has not increased but rather has continued to decrease (Maupome' 2001; Kunzel & Fischer, 1997, 2000; Kunzel 2000; Seppa 2000). 
In the U.S., the state of Kentucky, which has been fluoridating the longest, and has achieved almost complete fluoridation of its water supply, has the worst dental health of any state in the country. From an article appearing in the Lexington Herald Leader (10/14/2009): "Governor Beshear said Kentucky led the nation in 2004 in terms of the number of people age 65 or older who had lost teeth. About 27 percent of Kentuckians of all ages had lost six or more teeth to decay or gum disease, compared with 18 percent in the rest of the nation." And yet, in 2004, 99.6% of Kentucky's public water systems were providing fluoridated water to their customers. This ranked Kentucky first among all states." (Kentucky Epidemiologic Notes and Reports, Vol. 40. No. 8, Dept. of Public Health.) - Advertisement - 
Similar results were reported in Texas: "After 9 years and $3 million of adding fluoride, research shows tooth decay hasn't dropped among the poorest of Bexar County's children, it has only increased--up 13 percent this year." (Conger J., 2011, San Antonio: Added to our drinking water: a chemical 'more toxic than lead? ' KENS 5 News.) 
For the best article analyzing the research on fluoridation worldwide, see the article by John Colquhoun, DDS, Phd (former Chief Dental Officer of Auckland, NZ): Why I changed my mind about water fluoridation (Perspectives in Biology and Medicine 41 29-44 1997, University of Chicago Press). Colquhoun studied the effects of fluoridation around the world, with the intention of proving how beneficial it was, but discovered, to his astonishment, that people in countries using fluoridation had the worst teeth. He then began crusading to put an end to the practice. 
Since 1990, 144 cities have rejected water fluoridation. 
3. Where did the idea of fluoridating the water come from? 
Industrialists in the aluminum and nuclear industries were under fire because of the harmful effects of the fluoride waste products being emitted from their plants--animals and people were being sickened for miles around. They hired Edward Bernays, who was the inventor of mass public relations campaigns (Bernays also happened to be the nephew of Sigmund Freud) to convince the American people that putting toxic waste in our water supply was good for us. - Advertisement - 
Bernays had organized a successful campaign, on behalf of Lucky Strike cigarettes, to convince American women that smoking was both glamorous and liberating. He hired models to pose as debutantes in a march for women's rights. When Bernays gave the signal, all the women lit up their cigarettes. Another successful propaganda campaign that he orchestrated was the overthrow of a democratically-elected government in Guatemala on behalf of the United Fruit Company. The Nazis studied and made use of Bernays' techniques for their propaganda programs. (A more in-depth discussion of Bernays' role in the campaign to convince the public to accept fluoridation can be found in the video "The Fluoride Deception" at youtube.com, and the book with the same name by Christopher Bryson, Seven Stories Press). 
4. OK, so maybe fluoridation hasn't been proven to be effective in improving dental health, but what harm can it do to add it to our water supply? 
First there is the cost factor. At a time when there is no money for schools, dental treatment for kids, support for the homeless and basic community services, counties are spending millions of dollars to fluoridate the water. Even worse, fluoridation has been associated with increased rates of kidney disease, Alzheimer's, bone cancer, damage to the thyroid, increased bone fractures, hyperactivity, and decreased IQ in children. (See http://www.robertgammal.com/PDFs/SciFactsFluoride.pdf .) 
Although adding hazardous waste to our water is not beneficial to anyone, it is particularly harmful to people with kidney disease (who can't excrete it properly), infants (when mixed with formula it far exceeds the safe amount of fluoride), farmworkers (already exposed to fluoride in pesticides), tea drinkers, people taking anti-depressants, people with low thyroid, and those who have chemical sensitivities. Also adversely affected would be people who drink lots of water such as diabetics, athletes, and manual laborers.

ARTICLE

The Lesser of Two Evils(image by Mark John Maguire) License DMCA 
It has become common in recent days, in which the 2 leading candidates for the US Presidential election have achieved unfavourable poll ratings, to regard voting for either candidate as a vote for the "Lesser of Two Evils" (LEV). Tempting though it may be to vote for a candidate simply in the hope of excluding another, this is a questionable ethical policy with potential risks for democracy. The "Lesser of 2 Evils" principle (LEV) has a long history of application in US Foreign Policy in promoting intervention in wars to exclude a "worse evil". So ingrained has this aspect of Realpolitik become in the US political psyche that it has become axiomatic of US public polity in the conduct of government. It has recently been promoted as such by Noam Chomsky who, in an uncharacteristically weak argument, has exhorted the left in the US to vote for Hillary Clinton. 
But Chomsky is wrong as is the political philosophy underpinning LEV which prevails as a result of its widespread acceptance in the US political Establishment and his argument exhibits many of the blind assumptions made concerning LEV. The principal area in which LEV is cited is in US Foreign Policy and a casual glance at its operation here gives a sense of the problems with it as an ethical system: Vietnam, , Afghanistan, Iraq and Libya have all been subjected to horrific bombing, invasion and military degradation by successive US governments on the basis that to do so represented the LEV. There are few today even in the US who, with the benefit of hindsight, would concur that in its application in the US Foreign Policy sphere LEV can be supported as a sound ethical principle. There are indeed, many outside of the US who would regard its support of LEV to be an evil in itself. Clearly, there are other motivations for US invasions other than LEV considerations - not least geopolitical motives - but the adherence to LEV has enabled successive US govts to conduct a programme of widespread military aggression which it would otherwise have had few means of justifying. It has come to be the primary means of justifying a brutality that is rampant in the US and which successive Presidents have subscribed to wholeheartedly with disastrous consequences for the world. 
Certainly LEV is a persuasive argument to governments facing complex issues and situations both domestically and abroad, but it is fraught with difficulties. A clear example of a sound application of LEV could be considered to be with the institution of the police force: police forces restrain liberty for the benefit of all because without them there would be a degree of lawlessness not compatible with the functioning of civilised society: it may thus be said that police forces are the LEV: a loss of liberty (evil) is incurred to avoid lawlessness (greater evil). But that brings us to the crux of the matter: LEV seems to have a reasonable application where there are 2 options and not more. If we apply it to situations were there are more than 2 options then we run into difficulty. In the case of policing it is apparent that there is no third way - or at least no-one has yet found one. LEV can therefore be safely applied in this instance. Again, in the situation where a knife-wielding madman approaching a group of school children can be disabled by running him down in a vehicle, we see an appropriate application of LEV because there seems to be no third way - and thus a great evil may be avoided by opting for a lesser evil. Were it possible to prevent the knifeman by, say, shutting the school gates, then this would remove the act of running him down from the LEV principle, because there would be 3 possibilities. If a policeman with a taser device was observed approaching then we would be in possession of a number of options: we would then have a complex moral decision to which LEV would be an unhelpful and possibly harmful remedy. That is because we would be seeking to apply a simple response to a complex problem which would potentially be detrimental and may result in a poor moral choice being made. Scaling up to the case where a conflict between the US and another country arises, there are myriad options available and by virtue of this LEV is not a good moral principle to apply. The situation in any of the recent examples of countries attacked by the US in the past 50 years has never been an either/or situation. Indeed, such situations have been subject to widespread arguments and protests concerning other options. The fact that LEV has been used to justify war, bombing, intervention etc is a testament to its misapplication rather than its wrongness as a principle per se, but given the complexity of international relations it is probably safe to regard LEV as unlikely to be applicable to most issues. 
There are also severe problems with LEV in its application in the public sphere aside from these practical considerations: 
1. By suggesting that evil can be right when it is the "lesser evil" it unwittingly endorses the principle of "the end justifies the means". This principle, which has been central to Western ethical thinking for at least 2000 years, is deeply flawed and it has - unsurprisingly - been used by many dictators as a means to justify an act, however bad, provided the ultimate outcome is good. For whom that outcome may be judged to be good, in what circumstances, by what measure and in what timescale are some of the many just criticisms of this notion of "consequentialism". It seems wrong intuitively for finite humans to accept such an indeterminate version of "consequentialism" in ethical decision making. There must be an applicability of timescale for consequences; there needs also to be a measure of the act in its intention as well as its consequence if we are to have a well balanced and sound ethical principle. By placing the matter of the ethical value of an act on the consequences alone, the intentions are effectively removed and an act is judged entirely on its outcome - it is not hard to imagine malign circumstances which have worked out well by chance. For example, if we judged a bank robbery which had gone awry by the inadvertent consequence of uncovering a stash of terrorist weapons in the bank vault, we may be pleased to have discovered the plot, but we would hardly be likely to applaud the robbers. It does seem that the consequence must, at the very least, be intended and it seems reasonable to argue that the end of a moral act cannot be the sole measure of its value - of course there is also a practical difficulty in that by the time the outcome of many acts can be weighed against the acts themselves, it is no longer of much practical use to do so! In such cases we must rely heavily on intention . 
2. LEV involves another major problem: if both options consist of evil consequences it could only be justifiable to select one on the basis that there was no other choice . If there were other choices available then it may be argued that the LEAST evil choice was the ethical option, although the introduction of a third element would cause exponential difficulties because it would introduce other considerations such as expediency, practicality and judgements concerning relative likelihood of successful outcome. Where LEV is applied to multiple choice complex situations involving moral decisions, it is therefore a crass and inappropriate response to a situation, since it simplifies and deliberately excludes other possible solutions. - Advertisement - 
3. LEV also requires heavy qualification because it is frequently used as an excuse to justify doing evil, rather than considering other options - thus in this sense it is an unethical principle when inappropriately applied. LEV must be applied to dire exigencies by its very nature for if the exigency were not urgent then action would hardly be necessary. We should also be careful to ensure that situations are properly identified as LEV situations. If we take the situation where I am in a lifeboat and there is room for only one other passenger apart from myself and there is an old man in the water and a child - which of these should I save? The other must drown. Certainly there are 2 evils present and prima facie we have a LEV situation, but on closer examination we see that there are undoubtedly other options available - I may give up my own place to them both and accept my own drowning, or I may try to accommodate both even though we may all drown and accept the increased risk of this etc. There are a number of judgements here which must be made and which affect the decision - judgements based on assumptions of what will happen; that one is more worthy of saving than the other and so forth: it is thus a complex moral decision which will require a difficult choice but is deserving of a complex consideration for that reason. Given that such decisions would be unusual in the extreme and that we would be required to act quickly rather than to sit in the boat considering the matter while both drowned, it is unlikely that the impact on the world would be great! Certainly it does not assume the great impact that LEV takes on in its application in the Public sphere where large numbers of people are affected. 
This brings us to the use of LEV in democratic elections and it proves to be as dubious in its application here as it is in its use in Foreign affairs. Representative democracy is dependent on the notion of freedom of choice so that the best candidate may be elected. Anything which inhibits this undermines that principle. LEV, by its very nature, does so: rather than promoting contest between the best in the freest manner possible, it promotes the least bad option from a narrow choice, constraining and distorting the freedom of choice of the voter. That is a denial of democratic principle; if it is applied when there are other choices available, that distortion becomes even greater so that we may justly inquire whether the limited form of democracy we possess in its representative form is worthy of the name democracy at all. We should also consider that democratic elections require myriad assumptions and judgements to be made and are not therefore susceptible (nor should they be) to evil and "less evil" considerations. Furthermore, b ecause ethical values are by no means clear in themselves or invested simply in one candidate or another, then such judgements made are themselves complex and deserving of such treatment. 
Noam Chomsky, with John Halle, has argued that LEV should be used in the 2016 US Presidential election and his argument is worthy of examination: Chomsky provides some general caveats by way of providing a soft-landing for his assumption of LEV and these are deeply flawed. First, to the argument that Clinton's Foreign Policy may be worse than Trump's, he advances the claim that "following the logic through seems to require a vote for Trump"! That is an astonishing non-sequitur! It makes no such requirment and can be used simply as a means of eviscerating the claims that Clinton IS the LEV in this respect, without leading to an endorsement of Trump in the wider aspect. It may equally contribute to a decision to abstain from voting or to vote for a 3rd party. 
Second, he refers to "The politics of moral witness" (the argument that LEV remains evil and should not be engaged) which he counters by stating that the point of voting for LEV is to do "Less" evil which is an "obvious rejoinder". Perhaps it may seem so, but it is a "circulus in demonstrandum" type of fallacy to make such a criticism! It only seems right to someone who is already signed up to the notion of LEV - but to others it is simply evincing a premise as a proof of that which it seeks to confirm! 
Thirdly, Chomsky goes on to state "The basic moral principle at stake is simple: not only must we take responsibility for our actions, but the consequences of our actions for others are a more important consideration than feeling good about ourselves". The first proposition is good - the second half has strayed from its purpose somewhat: it appears in part to try to lessen the effect of personal responsibility by stating that consequences should be regarded as more important than intentions. That is a dangerous argument. Even at a common sense level intention is given great value in human relations - often to the detriment of consequences: and this is right, because as we have seen, consequences by their nature are often unpredictable and involve many assumptions, prejudices and involve many matters not always relevant to the decision itself. "I will bomb Iraq because it will lead to a safer world and rid us and its people of an evil regime" (I purposely introduce a contentious and familiar issue here) plays out like this: my intention is good, but I have introduced some assumptions which involve great leaps of faith and logic: ie, the consequence of bombing (bad) in producing a safe world (good) justifies my action. We can see very easily where such an argument goes awry in its practical and recent application in human history. It is not safe or justifiable to take arguments beyond their remit. Viewed by intention alone the decision may be seen as good or bad depending on one's point of view; by the consequences alone (deaths of many innocent people, destruction of a nation and its infrastructure) it is clearly an evil: does this imply that had the outcome of the war been good the war would have been a good one? It seems that the intention must play heavily on the judgement and a proper balance must be observed between intention and consequence in judging the action, especially as we could not possibly know the outcome. Of course we are setting aside the notion that Iraq was not a true LEV situation since there were actions which could be taken which were considerably less evil, but the example serves to demonstrate that intention and consequence cannot easily be separated in weighing the ethical value of an action. Therefore it seems fair to alter Chomsky's proposition to "We must take responsibility for our actions which should have intrinsic good as their basis and CONSIDER the consequences as a corollary to this". That is as far as an ethical argument can take us. - Advertisement - 
A final criticism of LEV, says Chomsky, is equating it with "passive acquiescence to the bipartisan status quo" and he attacks this by stating that LEV can be defended by the fact that "poorly considered electoral decisions impose a cost" and then goes on to give some subjective examples of Nixon's continuation of the Vietnam war. But this is unjustifiable by the same measures we have considered in applying assumptions and prejudices to previous arguments, for it can quite as easily be argued that an alternative to Nixon MIGHT have produced a different adminsitration; indeed, that it MIGHT have produced an alternative ending to the Vietnam war - but it might not: recent US history is not over-filled with instances in which different electoral results produced different policies! In the case of Vietnam it can be argued that the war was a war of the US Establishment - and surely no-one prosecuted that war with greater vigour and determination than democrat President LBJ? The difficulty with such examples is that we move into the realms of pure speculation in guessing what the alternative might have been. We could equally claim that the 1968 outcome may have averted nuclear war due to the initiation of the SALT negotiations by Nixon - but we should not do so, because to bring such unknowns which are dependent on so many different variables into the equation, takes us into the arena of pure political speculation and little else. 
Critique of Chomsky's 8-point argument: 
1) "Voting should not be directed as a form of personal self-expression or moral judgement directed in retaliation towards major party candidates who fail to reflect our values, or of a corrupt system designed to limit choices to those acceptable to corporate elites." 
The immediate response to this is to ask: "Is not it a matter for my personal integrity to choose my reason for voting?" Surely my reasons for voting (or not doing so) should be determined by my view of the system, the candidates and other matters and it should not be dictated to me that I must vote, in any circumstances, whosoever the candidates may be?" There may be very good reasons why a voter may wish to vote for a candidate including those of moral, social or personal affinity and such reasons should be respected as legitimate - even though I may have my own personal view of why and how people should vote. It seems perfectly reasonable to vote as a means of self-expression, moral judgement or even of disapprobation towards one or more candidates and certainly as part of the calculation in making a judgement as to who to vote for. Chomsky's personal injunction here is no more than an expression of his personal preference and has no validity beyond that, evinces no proof in support of its validity and is of questionable morality.

ARTICLE

License DMCA In a TV interview today I was asked, considering the new FBI revelations about Hillary's emails, who would win the election. I replied that the FBI would be the winner, that the USA's intelligence agencies would be deciding who would win-- an outrageous, traitorous situation. On Monday, I had dinner with three heroic NSA whistleblowers-- Bill Binney, Thomas Drake and Kirk WIebe-- after they'd shared the stage in a panel discussion presented at West Chester University. Whistleblowers Thomas Drake, William Binney, Kirk Wiebe and moderator/organizer West Chester professor Jana Nestlerode(image by Rob Kall) License DMCA - Advertisement - I came away with the clear conclusion that the US Intelligence community is a major threat to democracy. The whistleblowers stated that NSA tracks the signal intelligence-- phone calls, emails, credit card transactions, medical bills, automated toll payments-- for every American and for billions of people -- seven billion nodes. The intelligence agencies track every member of congress and all their family and friends. They track all the people in the White House, all the people in the Supreme court, all executives of corporations. All it takes is one brother-in-law selling drugs or hiding a criminal record to get a job and that puts a person of power in congress, the White House, wherever, at risk of coercion. That's why privacy is so important to all of us, even if we have something to hide. We can be blackmailed because we love someone who has something to hide. Remember, Ed Snowden was able to access the information. Actually, there may be thousands of private contractors-- employees of big corporations-- who have access to all or part of the massive data trove. There's even a name for one of the things they do. Remember, "Sig-Int" is the term used to refer to signal intelligence-- anything that can be picked up electronically. These contractors and intelligence agency officers engage in what is called "love-Int," basically spying on wives and girlfriends to find out if they are cheating. The abuse of the system is dangerously, rampantly out of control. The recent disclosures of nebulous information about Hillary Clinton's emails are an outrageous, screamingly transparent effort to influence the election. There is no way to justify the timing. This is just the latest stretching beyond the boundaries by an intelligence agency leader. It has to stop. FBI head Comey should be charged with whatever laws apply which relate to using government power to unlawfully influence elections. It is clear that the FBI as well as the NSA, which surely has had all of the missing emails all along, have used their control over and selective analysis of them to influence the election. This should not have happened. It can never happen again. The presidency of the United States must not be determined by the head or heads of a spy agency. And it looks like that's what we're seeing. Whether you support Hillary Clinton, Donald Trump, Gary Johnson or Jill Stein, this process should be horrifying to you. - Advertisement -

ARTICLE

License DMCA 
Word has reached me from Washington that the FBI has reopened the Hillary case of her violation of US National Security protocols, not because of the content of the new email releases, but because voter support for Trump seems to be overwhelming, while Hillary has cancelled appearances due to inability to muster a crowd. The popular vote leaves the FBI far out on the limb for its corrupt clearance of Hillary. The agency now has to redeem itself. 
I myself do not know what precisely to think. Having been at the top of the Washington hierarchy for a quarter century, I have seen many mistaken judgments. At one time I had subpoena power over the CIA and was able to inform President Reagan that the CIA had misled him. He took note and proceeded with his policy of ending the Cold War with the Soviets. On other issues I have been mistaken, because I assumed that there was more integrity in government than actually exists. 
However, FBI director Comey did not need to reopen the case against Hillary simply because some new incriminating emails appeared. Having dismissed the other incriminating evidence, these emails could have passed unremarked. 
The problem for the FBI, which once was a trusted American institution, but no longer is, is that there is no longer any doubt that Donald Trump will win the popular vote for president of the United States. His appearances are so heavily attended that thousands are turned away by local fire/occupancy regulations. In contrast, Hillary has curtailed her appearances, because she doesn't draw more than 30 or 40 people. 
Americans are sick to death of the corrupt Clintons and the corrupt American media. The Clintons are so completely bought-and-paid-for by the Oligarchy that they were able to outspend Hollywood on their daughter's wedding, dropping $3,000,000 on the event. - Advertisement - 
Nevertheless, I don't underestimate the power of the Oligarchy. As Assistant Secretary of the US Treasury I experienced the Oligarchy's power. If I had not been backed by the President of the United States, I would have been destroyed. 
Indeed, the Oligarchy is still trying to destroy me. 
Possibly Trump, as his enemies allege, is just another fake, like Obama who misled the electorate. However, Trump attacks the Oligarchy so strongly that it is hard to believe that Trump isn't real. Trump is asking for a bullet like John F. Kennedy, like Robert Kennedy, like Martin Luther King, like George Wallace. 
In Amerika, dissidents are exterminated. 
Trump is against voting machines over which he has no control. If there are no INDEPENDENT exit polls, Trump can easily be robbed of the election, as the Texas early voting scandal indicates, with the electronic machines assigning Trump votes to Hillary. The "glitch" doesn't assign any Hillary votes to Trump. - Advertisement - 
My expectation is that, unless Trump's popular vote is so overwhelming, the electoral collage vote will be stolen. Because of the absence of any valid reporting by the presstitutes, I don't know what impact the orchestrated election of Hillary would have on the electorate. Possibly, Americans will break out of The Matrix and take to the streets. 
I believe that Hillary in the Oval Office would convince the Russians and the Chinese that their national survival requires a pre-emptive nuclear attack on the crazed, insane government of the United States, the complete narcissistic state that in the words of Hillary and Obama is "the exceptional, indispensable country," empowered by History to impose its will on the world. This crazed American agenda is not something that Russia and China will accept. 
Here is Donald Trump speaking to Americans in words Americans have been waiting to hear. Notice that Trump doesn't need teleprompters. 
I do not agree with Trump on many issues, but the American people do. For me and for the world, the importance of Trump is the prospect of peace with Russia. Nuclear war makes every other problem irrelevant.

ARTICLE

License DMCA 
Will Trump pull a Brexit times 10? What would it take, beyond WikiLeaks, to bring the Clinton (cash) machine down? Will Hillary win and then declare WWIII against her Russia/Iran/Syria axis of evil ? Will the Middle East totally explode? Will the pivot to Asia totally implode? Will China be ruling the world by 2025? 
Amidst so many frenetic fragments of geopolitical reality precariously shored against our ruins, the temptation is irresistible to hark back to the late, great, deconstructionist master Jean Baudrillard. During the post-mod 1980s it was hip to be Baudrillardian to the core; his America, originally published in France in 1986, should still be read today as the definitive metaphysical/geological/cultural Instagram of Exceptionalistan. 
By the late 1990s, at the end of the millennium, two years before 9/11 -- that seminal before and after event -- Baudrillard was already stressing how we live in a black market maze. Now, it's a black market paroxysm. 
Global multitudes are subjected to a black market of work -- as in the deregulation of the official market; a black market of unemployment; a black market of financial speculation; a black market of misery and poverty; a black market of sex (as in prostitution); a black market of information (as in espionage and shadow wars); a black market of weapons; and even a black market of thinking. 
Way beyond the late 20th century, in the 2010s what the West praises as liberal democracy -- actually a neoliberal diktat -- has virtually absorbed every ideological divergence, while leaving behind a heap of differences floating in some sort of trompe l'oeil effect. What's left is a widespread, noxious condition; the pre-emptive prohibition of any critical thought, which has no way to express itself other than becoming clandestine (or finding the right internet niche). - Advertisement - 
Baudrillard already knew that the concept of alter -- killed by conviviality -- does not exist in the official market. So an alter black market also sprung up, co-opted by traffickers; that's, for instance, the realm of racism, nativism and other forms of exclusion. Baudrillard already identified how a contraband alter , expressed by sects and every form of nationalism (nowadays, think about the spectrum between jihadism and extreme-right wing political parties) was bound to become more virulent in a society that is desperately intolerant, obsessed with regimentation, and totally homogenized. 
There could be so much exhilaration inbuilt in life lived in a bewildering chimera cocktail of cultures, signs, differences and values; but then came the coupling of thinking with its exact IT replica -- artificial intelligence, playing with the line of demarcation between human and non-human in the domain of thought. 
The result, previewed by Baudrillard, was the secretion of a parapolitical society -- with a sort of mafia controlling this secret form of generalized corruption (think the financial Masters of the Universe). Power is unable to fight this mafia -- and that would be, on top of it, hypocritical, because the mafia itself emanates from power. 
The end result is that what really matters today, anywhere, mostly tends to happen outside all official circuits; like in a social black market. 
Is there any information truth? - Advertisement - 
Baudrillard showed how political economy is a massive machine, producing value, producing signs of wealth, but not wealth itself. The whole media/information system -- still ruled by America -- is a massive machine producing events as signs; exchangeable value in the universal market of ideology, the star system and catastrophism. 
This abstraction of information works as in the economy -- disgorging a coded material, deciphered in advance, and negotiable in terms of models, as much as the economy disgorges products negotiable in terms of price and value. 
Since all merchandise, thanks to this abstraction of value, is exchangeable, then every event (or non-event) is also exchangeable, all replacing one another in the cultural market of information. 
And that takes us to where we live now; Trans-History, and Trans-Politics -- where events have really not happened, as they get lost in the vacuum of information (as much as the economy gets lost in the vacuum of speculation).

ARTICLE

View Ratings | Rate It 
Rob Kall has spent his adult life as an awakener and empowerer-- first in the field of biofeedback, inventing products, developing software and a music recording label, MuPsych, within the company he founded in 1978-- Futurehealth, and founding, organizing and running 3 conferences: Winter Brain , on Neurofeedback and consciousness, Optimal Functioning and Positive Psychology (a pioneer in the field of Positive Psychology, first presenting workshops on it in 1985) and Storycon Summit Meeting on the Art Science and Application of Story-- each the first of their kind. Then, when he found the process of raising people's consciousness and empowering them to take more control of their lives one person at a time was too slow, he founded Opednews.com -- which has been the top search result on Google for the terms liberal news and progressive opinion for several years. Rob began his Bottom-up Radio show , broadcast on WNJC 1360 AM to Metro Philly, also available on iTunes, covering the transition of our culture, business and world from predominantly Top-down (hierarchical, centralized, authoritarian, patriarchal, big) to bottom-up (egalitarian, local, interdependent, grassroots, archetypal feminine and small.) Recent long-term projects include a book, Bottom-up-- The Connection Revolution, debillionairizing the planet and the Psychopathy Defense and Optimization Project. 
Rob Kall's Bottom Up Radio Show: Over 200 podcasts are archived for downloading here , or can be accessed from iTunes . Rob is also published regularly on the Huffingtonpost.com 
Rob is, with Opednews.com the first media ( more... )

ARTICLE

License DMCA 
How did the "growing trust" that Russian President Vladimir Putin once said marked his "working and personal relationship with President Obama " change into today's deep distrust and saber-rattling? 
Their relationship reached its zenith after Mr. Putin persuaded Syria to give up its chemical weapons for verified destruction, enabling Mr. Obama at the last minute to call off, with some grace, plans to attack Syria in late summer 2013. But at an international conference in the Russian Black Sea resort of Sochi last week, Mr. Putin spoke of the "feverish" state of international relations and lamented: "My personal agreements with the President of the United States have not produced results." He complained about "people in Washington ready to do everything possible to prevent these agreements from being implemented in practice" and, referring to Syria, decried the lack of a "common front against terrorism after such lengthy negotiations, enormous effort, and difficult compromises." 
A month earlier, Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov , who chooses his words carefully, told Russian TV viewers, "My good friend John Kerry ... is under fierce criticism from the U.S. military machine. Despite [Mr. Kerry's] assurances that the U.S. commander in chief, President Barack Obama, supported him in his contacts with Russia (he confirmed that during his meeting with President Vladimir Putin) apparently the military does not really listen to the commander in chief." Do not chalk this up to paranoia. The U.S.-led coalition air strikes on known Syrian army positions killing scores of troops just five days into the September cease-fire -- not to mention statements at the time by the most senior U.S. generals -- were evidence enough to convince the Russians that the Pentagon was intent on scuttling meaningful cooperation with Russia. 
Relations between the U.S. and Russian presidents have now reached a nadir, and Mr. Putin has ordered his own defense ministry to throw down the gauntlet. On Oct. 6, ministry spokesman Maj. Gen. Igor Konashenkov said Russia is prepared to shoot down unidentified aircraft -- including any stealth aircraft -- over Syria, and warned ominously that Russian air defense will not have time to identify the origin of the aircraft. - Advertisement - 
It seems possible that the U.S. air force will challenge that claim in due course -- perhaps even without seeking prior permission from the White House. Last week, National Intelligence Director and former Air Force General James Clapper commented offhandedly, "I wouldn't put it past them to shoot down an American aircraft ... if they felt it was threatening their forces on the ground." 
Injecting additional volatility into the equation, major news outlets are playing down or ignoring Russia's warnings. Thus, Americans who depend on the corporate media can be expected to be suitably shocked by what that same media will no doubt cast as naked aggression out of the blue if Russian air defenses down a U.S. or coalition aircraft. 
Meanwhile in Europe, as NATO defense ministers met in Brussels on Wednesday, Defense Secretary Ashton Carter told reporters the U.S. is contributing "a persistent rotational armored brigade combat team" as a "major sign of the U.S. commitment to strengthening deterrence here." 
"This was a decision made by the alliance leaders in Warsaw," he explained, referring to NATO's July summit meeting in the Polish capital. "The United States will lead a battalion in Poland and deploy an entire battle-ready battalion task force of approximately 900 soldiers from the 2nd Cavalry Regiment, which is based in Germany." 
On Thursday, at the Valdai Conference in the Russian Black Sea resort of Sochi, President Putin accused the West of promoting the " myth " of a "Russian military threat," calling this a "profitable business that can be used to pump new money into defense budgets ... expand NATO and bring its infrastructure, military units, and arms closer to our borders." - Advertisement - 
Myth or not, German Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier was correct to point out last spring that military posturing on Russia's borders will bring less regional security. Mr. Steinmeier warned against "saber-rattling ," adding that, "We are well advised not to create pretexts to renew an old confrontation." 
Speaking of such pretexts, it is high time to acknowledge that the marked increase in East-West tensions over the past two and a half years originally stemmed from the Western-sponsored coup d'e'tat in Kiev on Feb. 22, 2014, and Russia's reaction in annexing Crimea. 
Americans malnourished on the diet served up by "mainstream" media are blissfully unaware that two weeks before the coup, YouTube published a recording of an intercepted conversation between U.S. Assistant Secretary of State Victoria Nuland and the U.S. ambassador in Kiev, during which "Yats" (for Arseniy Yatsenyuk) was identified as Washington's choice to become the new prime minister of the coup government in Kiev. 
This unique set of circumstances prompted George Friedman, president of the think-tank STRATFOR, to label the putsch in Kiev on Feb. 22, 2014, "really the most blatant coup in history."

ARTICLE

License DMCA 
There is a recurring concern in discussions about the economy that technology threatens the livelihood of large segments of the workforce. The exact mechanism varies. In one version, the robots will take all the jobs, leading to a massive surge in unemployment. A somewhat different version has the development of technology benefiting people with college and advanced degrees to the detriment of those with less education. In this story, the highly educated do well, while the less educated see stagnant or declining wages. 
While the future may actually be one of continually rising inequality, it is important to realize that technology is not the culprit. It is not the technology that determines who gets the benefits of major innovations; it is laws that govern technology, which in turn are made by politicians. Specifically, the laws on patents and intellectual property more generally will determine whether advances in technology are associated with increasing inequality or broadly shared prosperity. 
Starting with the robot story, we are supposed to be concerned that robots will replace workers in factories and warehouses. Robots can do the job better and cheaper. We will also have self-driving cars, trucks and buses. This will displace millions of additional workers and radically reduce the demand for cars. (We can summon a car to take us from point A to point B when we need it. There is no reason to have a car rusting in front of our house.) 
That's the displacement story, but suppose that robots are extremely cheap. There is no obvious reason they shouldn't be cheap. After all, we probably won't need any rare materials to make robots. And presumably robots could be mostly manufactured by other robots, so the labor involved wouldn't be expensive. In this case, we should be able to buy a robot at our local hardware store or from our favorite internet retailer for a few hundred dollars. - Advertisement - 
Once we buy the robot, we can have it clean our house, cook our food, mow our lawn and do all sorts of other tasks that we may not want to do ourselves. We can probably even save on our food budget by having the robot plant and tend a vegetable garden. If robots are doing all this work for us and we no longer need to buy and maintain a car to meet our transportation needs, we should all have a high standard of living. 
But suppose that patents and related protections keep the price of robots high. And instead of technology driving down the cost of transportation with self-driving cars to almost nothing, patent monopolies allow the top executives and shareholders of Uber or its equivalent to get very rich at the expense of the rest of the population. In that scenario, most people may not benefit to any great extent from technology. In that case, robots may take our jobs, but instead of the benefits from productivity growth being passed along in higher wages and lower prices, as was true in past decades, the benefits go to minority of well-situated individuals. 
To some extent we have already seen this story as Congress has repeatedly acted to make patent and related protections stronger and longer. In the longer category, copyright protection has been extended from 55 years to 95 years. Patent protection has been extended from 14 years from the date of issuance to 20 years from the date of application, with a wide variety of conditions allowing for further extensions. Patent protection was also extended to new areas so that it now applies to life forms, software and business methods. 
The impact of these stronger protections is most visible in the area of prescription drugs. We will spend over $430 billion in 2016 (2.3 percent of GDP) on drugs that would likely sell for 10 to 20 percent of this amount in a free market. In addition to patent protection, drug manufacturers can also now enjoy data exclusivity for test data and a wide variety of other protections that act to prevent generic competition. 
The problem associated with excessive protection of intellectual property is vividly illustrated with the Hepatitis C drug Sovaldi. This drug has a list price in the United States of $84,000 for a three-month course of treatment. A high-quality generic version is available in India for $200. Insurers and governments have struggled to come up with the money to pay for Sovaldi and, in many cases, have sought to deny treatment to patients. If Sovaldi could be purchased at its generic price, the cost of treatment would be a non-issue for those with Hepatitis C. - Advertisement - 
Those who developed and marketed Sovaldi are now getting very rich as a result of its high price. But this is not a story of technology making them rich; it is a story of government-granted patent monopolies making them rich. 
If we are bothered by the upward redistribution of income of the last four decades, we should be looking at how we support the process of innovation, not blaming robots. 
Of course we do need a mechanism to support research, innovation and creative work. But there is little evidence that the lengthening and strengthening of intellectual property protection in the last four decades has led to a faster pace of innovation. Furthermore, there are other mechanisms for financing research. We spend over $30 billion a year supporting biomedical research at the National Institutes of Health. This mostly supports basic research, but there is no reason that the funding could not be expanded with additional funds devoted explicitly to the developing and testing of new drugs. 
Most importantly, we have to understand that the incomes that people earn as a result of intellectual property protections are due to government policy. They are not the result of technology. If we are bothered by the upward redistribution of income of the last four decades, we should be looking at how we support the process of innovation, not blaming robots.

ARTICLE

License DMCA 
In an extraordinary and unprecedented action, the Federal Bureau of Investigation has stepped into the 2016 presidential campaign only 11 days before Election Day, sending a letter to Congress announcing new "investigative steps" related to Hillary Clinton's use of a private email server. 
The three-paragraph letter by FBI Director James Comey to eight congressional committees on Friday is remarkably vague. It states that "in connection with an unrelated case, the FBI has learned of the existence of emails that appear to be pertinent to the investigation" of Clinton's personal email server, which, Comey notes, he had previously told Congress was "completed." 
He states that he has agreed to "allow investigators to review these emails to determine whether they contain classified information, as well as to assess their importance to our investigation." He acknowledges that the FBI "cannot yet assess whether or not this material may be significant." 
The obvious question that arises is why, given the fact that the FBI has no idea whether these additional emails contain any significant information relative to the Clinton email case, the agency should make them a public issue within days of the election. Media commentators noted that the letter violates a longstanding informal FBI ban on making politically sensitive announcements within 60 days of a US election. 
Following the report of Comey's letter, the news media, citing unnamed federal law enforcement officials, said the emails in question were found on a laptop computer shared by Clinton aide Huma Abedin and her husband, former Representative Anthony Weiner. - Advertisement - 
Weiner is under FBI investigation for allegedly sending sexually explicit text messages to an underage girl. Abedin announced her separation from Weiner earlier this year after the latest episode involving Weiner and sexually explicit Internet activity became public. 
Comey's letter was hailed by Donald Trump and Republican Party spokesmen as tantamount to an official reopening of the FBI investigation and rescinding of the decision announced by Comey in July that no charges would be brought against the Democratic presidential candidate. 
Clinton spoke to the press briefly Friday evening, demanding that the FBI provide more information about the substance of what it was reviewing, including whether there was any connection to her use of a private email server. She pointed out that more than 15 million people have already voted and that many millions more will be going to the polls over the next week as early voting continues. In response to questions, she indicated that the FBI has not contacted her and that she first learned of the letter through the media. 
It is at this point impossible to determine with precision the motivation behind Comey's letter and the political forces for which he is speaking. However, his attempt to present the letter as a politically disinterested response to the discovery of new information lacks any credibility. 
This direct intervention into the election by the top police-intelligence agency can only be an expression of deep crisis and profound tensions within the American ruling class and the state. The election as a whole has been dominated by the growth of social anger and anti-establishment sentiment, yet it has ended in a contest between two right-wing representatives of the richest 1 percent who are despised by huge sections of the electorate. - Advertisement - 
It has plumbed the depths of political debasement on the part of both candidates -- the fascistic billionaire Trump seeking to channel discontent along the most right-wing, chauvinist and racist channels; the multimillionaire Clinton relying on sex scandals and a McCarthyite attack on Trump as an agent of Russian President Vladimir Putin to bury incriminating revelations of corruption and lying and to swing public opinion behind a policy of military escalation and confrontation with nuclear-armed Russia. 
The entire process has been surrounded by an aura of violence and a breakdown of public confidence in the political system. It has unfolded under conditions of deepening economic crisis, mounting international tensions and worsening crises for US imperialism around the world, i.e., the ongoing debacle of Washington's war for regime change in Syria, the signs of disarray in the anti-Chinese "pivot to Asia," the emergence of open conflicts with imperialist "allies" in Europe, particularly Germany. 
The convergence of these crises is generating bitter conflicts within the American ruling class over policy questions, magnified by fears of a rising tide of social opposition at home. 
Whether the intention of Comey's letter was to inflict fatal damage to Clinton's candidacy, shore up endangered Republican majorities in the Senate and House, or fire a shot across the bow against an incoming Clinton administration, it makes clear that the next administration will be mired in crisis from the day it takes office.

ARTICLE

(128 fans) - Advertisement - 
Picture, if you will, video footage of vintage (early 2016) Donald Trump buffoonery with the CEO of CBS Leslie Moonves commenting on major media's choice to give Trump vastly more air time than other candidates: "It may not be good for America, but it's damn good for CBS." 
That's the introduction to a powerful critique of the U.S. media. A new film screens in New York and Los Angeles this week called All Governments Lie: Truth, Deception, and the Spirit of I.F. Stone . 
The website AllGovernmentsLie.com has screening dates , a list of lies , and a list of good journalists who expose lies . The lists on the website are not identical to the content of the film, but there's a good deal of overlap -- enough to give you a sense of what this project is about. 
I'd have made various changes and additions to the film. In particular, I'm tired of all the focus on Iraq 2003. This film touches on war lies since then, but still gives that one particular set of war lies prominence. 
Still, this is a film that should be shown in cities, homes, and classrooms across the United States. It includes and is driven by Noam Chomsky's analysis of how the media system is "rigged" without those doing the rigging believing they've done anything at all. It's a survey of skullduggery by corporate media. It's an introduction to numerous journalists far superior to the norm. And it's an introduction to I.F. Stone. It includes footage of a presentation of the annual Izzy Award which goes to journalists acting in Stone's tradition. 
One of the lies listed in the film and on the website is that of the Gulf of Tonkin (non-)Incident. Anyone paying attention knows of it now as a war lie. And it was a transparent war lie at the time in a particular sense. That is: had the North Vietnamese really shot back at a U.S. ship off their coast, that would not have been any sort of legal, much less moral, justification for escalating a war. I'd love it if people could grasp that logic and apply it to the Black Sea, the Red Sea, and every other part of the earth today. 
But the Gulf of Tonkin lies about Vietnamese aggression against the U.S. ships innocently patrolling and firing off the coast of Vietnam were not transparent to people with faith in the U.S. role of Global Policeman. Someone had to make the lies transparent. Someone had to document that in fact the Secretary of So-Called Defense and the President were lying. Sadly, nobody did that in the first 24 hours after the Congressional committee hearings, and that was all it took for Congress to hand the president a war. 
And it was decades before White House transcripts came out and before the National Security Agency confessed, and additional years before former Secretary Robert McNamara did. Yet, those revelations simply confirmed what people paying attention knew. And they knew it because of I.F. Stone who just weeks after the (non-)incident published a four-page edition of his weekly newsletter exclusively about Tonkin. - Advertisement - 
Stone's analysis is useful in looking at the incident or lack thereof this past month in the Red Sea off Yemen. And in fact it is to Yemen that Stone immediately turned on page 1 in 1964. The United Nations, including its U.S. ambassador, had recently condemned British attacks on Yemen that Britain defended as retaliatory. President Dwight Eisenhower had also warned the French against retaliatory attacks on Tunisia. And President Lyndon Johnson, even at the time of Tonkin, Stone notes, was warning Greece and Turkey not to engage in retaliatory attacks on each other. 
Stone, who tended to look even at written laws that nobody else paid any heed to, pointed out that three of them banned these sorts of attacks: the League of Nations Covenant, the Kellogg-Briand Pact, and the U.N. Charter. The latter two are still theoretically in place for the U.S. government. 
The United States in Vietnam, Stone goes on to show, could not have been innocently attacked but itself admitted to having already sunk a number of Vietnamese boats. And indeed the U.S. ships, Stone reports, were in North Vietnamese waters and were there to assist South Vietnamese ships that were shelling two North Vietnamese islands. And in fact those ships had been supplied to South Vietnam by the U.S. military and the good old American tax payers. 
Stone did not have access to closed committee hearings, but he hardly needed it. He considered the assertions made in speeches by the only two senators who voted against the war. And then he looked for any rejoinders by the chairmen of the committees. He found their denials to be non-denials and nonsensical. It made no sense that the U.S. ships simply happened to be randomly hanging around in the vicinity of the South Vietnamese ships. Stone didn't believe it. 
Stone also filled in the background information. The United States had been supporting guerrilla attacks on North Vietnam for years prior to the non-incident. And Stone raised numerous suspicions, including the question of why the U.S. ships had supposedly made sure they were out in international waters for the (non-)incident to (not) occur, and the question of why in the world Vietnam would take on the United States military (something nobody could explain, though Eugene McCarthy proposed that perhaps they had been bored). - Advertisement - 
Missing from the film and website of All Governments Lie is I.F. Stone's work on lies about the outbreak of the Korean War. We've learned more since he wrote it, but seen little more insightful, relevant, or timely for our understanding of Korea and the world today. View Ratings | Rate It http://davidswanson.org David Swanson is the author of "When the World Outlawed War," "War Is A Lie" and "Daybreak: Undoing the Imperial Presidency and Forming a More Perfect Union." He blogs at http://davidswanson.org and http://warisacrime.org and works for the online ( more... )

ARTICLE

License DMCA 
If humans were largely moral and ethical beings, then globalization could be a workable proposition. Unfortunately, the dark behavioral narcissism expressed by compulsive greed and an infinite appetite for power seems to have become the guiding precept of our collective nightmare. If only the desire to dominate others and have a lot more than them were not the prime motivations for the global elite on top of the human food chain, we could all have our respective modest slice of happiness on this planet. The Utopia of globalization through institutions such as the United Nations (UN), World Bank , and International Monetary Fund (IMF) was supposed to eradicate the universal pestilence of war, extreme poverty , hunger and slavery using the might of the above supranational institutions to prevent the rise of so-called rogue nations usually ruled by dictators. (image by Byung Chul Kim) License DMCA 
World order of chaos with misery for profit 
The opportunity of this push for a supranational form of government has to be understood in the psychological context of a world traumatized by World War II. Many public servants, who had fought against the Nazis and their Japanese and Italian allies, had genuinely the best intentions at heart when institutions like the UN were set up. If some of the original ideas were good and moral to some extend, a rot almost immediately contaminated and perverted most of the created institutions and quickly -- using the pretext of the Cold War -- allowed the birth of a monstrosity such as the North Atlantic Treaty Organization ( NATO ). The globalists have controlled and ultimately Wall Street has financed, supranational government instances such as the UN, IMF, World Bank and a myriad of non-governmental organization (NGO) little helpers. Not only have these done nothing to curtail the man-made disasters of war, climate change , slavery and poverty, but they have exacerbated them, all for the sake of profit. - Advertisement - License DMCA 
In this Orwellian time of moral decay, human misery is good for business. In a globalization controlled by Wall Street's puppeteer sociopaths, who believe they are the masters of the universe, ordinary people everywhere have become canon fodder and slave labor. They are not even collateral damage but human lubricant, as viewed by the elite. One can see that if they are not stopped immediately, trade agreements like the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) and its Trans-Atlantic counterpart could seal the deal of the establishment of an atrocious world government, controlled by a few thousands, in complete disregard of not only national interest, but also cultural diversity. (image by John Getchel) License DMCA - Advertisement - 
Look what happened to Detroit, Michigan, and countless other manufacturing towns in the United States that are all collateral damage of Bill Clinton's North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA). The massive trade agreements in the works, to be put in place by the globalists if they remain in power, are intended to annihilate any form of economic or political independence from the signatory countries and to scatter their populations to the wind, as in the case in the globalist-controlled demolition of the Middle East in Iraq, Libya and Syria. Displaced and disenfranchised populations are beaten into submission and used as docile worker bees. (image by Mark Rain) License DMCA 
Drastic action or hell on earth 
If we let the globalists complete their worldwide coup already in progress, then all sovereignty would be lost, and most of the world's population would become slave-wage laborers at the mercy of the global corporate empire. Countries with a diversified agriculture would be turned into one-crop wastelands to ensure that most of the food supply has to be imported. Pseudo local governments would merely officiate as the slave drivers for the global elite. This must be stopped at all cost and undone by all means necessary. If we allow this final coup by the geriatric psychopaths at the top of the current world order, thousands of years of our rich human experience would be wiped out. Like poorly made cheap electronic products, the cultural garbage of the lowest common denominator empire would flood the world. This cultural homogenization would affect primarily the information available to people. Since dissent is impossible without correct information and critical thought, the globalists want their propaganda to become the only source of information. With the UN, the World Bank and the IMF, the political and economic framework financed by a worldwide network of banksters is already in place. Influential nations, on paper, like France and the United Kingdom, which are still officially full fledged members of the UN Security Council, have de facto abdicated their sovereignty to become vassals and secondary enforcers of the globalist plan. We are at the edge of an existential threat of greater magnitude than ever before in human history. (image by IMFarchive) License DMCA 
The semantics of deception 
Machiavelli is known for his cynical view of political power; however, the advice the author of The Prince gave to the powerful of his time seems innocent by comparison to the depravity of today's puppet masters. Words and ideas are gutted of their meaning to signify, most of the time, the exact opposite. For example, globalist eminence grise George Soros' Open Society Foundation is an opaque giant NGO, with more than 100 offshoots worldwide by its own admission, but its tentacles are in reality more far reaching. The recent publications of Wikileaks in the voluminous Podesta email files have been a revelation of the extent of deception victimizing United States citizens. John Podesta may be viewed as a Soros right-hand man in the US in charge of delivering the returns for the globalist's investments in the US elections. The connection between the two men is not only obvious but also official considering that Soros financed Podesta's so-called Center for American Progress, the fake left equivalent of the neocon think tanks. The term progress is a lure that signifies power, just like Soros' open society is, in reality, an exclusive club as tight as oysters reserved only for Soros' chosen associates to savor. What is apparent from the email treasure trove is that Podesta's job is really to supervise Hillary Clinton on behalf of Soros. In this context, the expression, leader of the free world, to describe the US president becomes a lie. The current world order of the globalists is anything but free, and one applicant for the job, Hillary Clinton, is not a queen on the chessboard, but a pawn.

