ARTICLE

  Carol Adl in Middle East , News , US //  
The US- led coalition is preparing an offensive to oust ISIS from its de-facto capital Raqqa in Syria according to the US Defense Secretary. 
Ash Carter said the operation will likely start before the battle for Mosul is won and Russia has not been invited to join the effort. 
In an interview with NBC, Carter said the assault will start in the next few weeks. 
'We have already begun laying the groundwork to commence the isolation in Raqqa,” the Pentagon chief said at a press conference in Paris. 
RT reports: 
According to Carter, the two officials agreed that the 13-state military coalition that gathered in the French capital would proceed with a sense of 'urgency and focus” and confirmed previous statements that there will be a likely 'overlap” with the assault on Mosul, which began earlier this month. 
Earlier on Tuesday, French President Francois Hollande warned that many of the ISIS fighters in Mosul could simply sneak out among refugees and relocate to Raqqa, unless the coalition cuts them off. 
There were up to 6,000 Islamic State (IS, formerly ISIS/ISIL) fighters in the Iraqi city before fighting began, while Raqqa, which Carter described as 'the nexus of much of [IS] operational planning,” will be defended by an estimated 3-4,000 recruits. 
Carter stated that the bulk of the assault contingent would be assembled from 'capable and motivated local forces that we identify and then enable.” 
'The lasting defeat of [Islamic State] can't be achieved by outsiders; it can only be achieved by Syrians enabled by us,” said Carter. 
With the battle over Mosul – a city of 1.5 million people before it was conquered by Islamic State in 2014 – expected to last weeks or months, the Pentagon is not committing itself to a tight deadline. 
'I think everything is trending positively, and that we should be able to commence that effort sometime in the near future. And again, I can't even ballpark 'near future' right now but it's imminent,” said a senior Pentagon official, speaking to Reuters and other media anonymously in Paris. 
Russia has not been invited to join the effort. The US-led coalition has condemned Moscow's involvement in Syria, which was officially invited by the government of President Bashar Assad. 
'Russia is not a participant in our Raqqa plan,” said Carter, who insisted that despite the breakdown of a proposed US and Russia-mediated ceasefire and accusations over Aleppo the two sides have a shared interest in defeating IS. 
'We do deconflict our coalition operations with Russia through a very professional military-to-military channel. That channel is active every day, and everyone behaves themselves very professionally on both sides in that channel,” Carter added. 
The Kurds, another major faction that has played a key role in combatting Islamist threats in Syria, are expected to stay away from Raqqa, in part because it lies outside the area they view as their unrecognized homeland. 
'Truthfully, the Kurds that I've dealt with don't intend – they're not comfortable going into Raqqa. They know they can play a role in shaping and isolating Raqqa but it's not their intent to be involved in the actual seizure of the city,” said the Pentagon source cited by Reuters. 
The Syrian administration has so far not reacted to the plan, though has previously condemned the international force – which has supported the uprising against President Assad since 2011 – for violating the country's sovereignty. 
The US-led coalition has executed air strikes on Raqqa since 2014, despite having no UN mandate to operate inside Syria. It has not been in position to carry out a full-scale ground assault. 
Despite saying he was 'encouraged” by the progress of the campaign against ISIS, both Carter and Hollande warned separately that the group may further evolve its tactics and redirect its efforts towards guerilla insurgency or suicide attacks in Europe.

ARTICLE

  Carol Adl in Middle East , News , World //  
Donald Trump has warned that Hillary Clinton's policy towards Syria would lead to World War III , arguing that the Democratic nominee would drag the US into a confrontation with nuclear armed Russia. 
Trump said 'You're going to end up in World War Three over Syria if we listen to Hillary Clinton” adding that 'What we should do is focus on ISIS We should not be focusing on Syria” 
The US Republican presidential nominee made the remarks on Tuesday during a Reuters interview in response to Clinton's proposal for the establishment of a no-fly zone and 'safe zones” in Syria. 
Press TV reports: 
On October 7, the Democratic nominee said a no-fly zone was required inside the war-ravaged country to stabilize fighting, a move that was opposed in Congress due to the risk of entering into conflict with Russia, since a US-enforced no-fly zone would mean the US could shoot down Russian fighter jets should they enter Syrian airspace. 
Clinton also described the situation in Syria as 'incredibly complex” since the intervention of Russia. 
'You're not fighting Syria anymore; you're fighting Syria, Russia and Iran, all right? Russia is a nuclear country, but a country where the nukes work as opposed to other countries that talk,” Trump said. 
The Republican nominee also referred to the removal of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad from power as a second-level priority to defeating Daesh. 
'Assad is secondary, to me, to ISIL,” Trump said. 
Russia might down US planes 
Meanwhile, US Director of National Intelligence James Clapper also warned about the consequences of Clinton's push for a no-fly zone in Syria that could spark a conflict with Russia. 
Speaking at the Council on Foreign Relations, Clapper said Clinton's proposal for the establishment of a no-fly zone in Syria could lead to Russia shooting down American planes there. 
'I wouldn't put it past them to shoot down an American aircraft if they — if they felt that was threatening to their forces on the ground,” he said. 
'I take stock in the nature of the weaponry that they deploy and why they — why they did that,” Clapper said of Russian weapons recently deployed to Syria. 'The system they have there is a very advanced air-defense system. It's very capable. And I don't think they'd do it and deploy it unless they had some intent to use it.” 
During the third and final presidential debate last week, Clinton reiterated her remarks on a no-fly zone that could save lives and hasten the end of the conflict in Syria. 
A foreign-backed militancy has been going on in Syria since March 2011, with a plethora of armed groups — each supported by one foreign country or another — fighting the Assad government. 
Since 2014, the United States, along with a number of its allies, has been leading a so-called anti-terror campaign in Syria and neighboring Iraq. 
Instead of helping to rein in the Takfiri terrorists, the air raids have killed many civilians, and caused extensive damage to the country's infrastructure.

ARTICLE

  Carol Adl in News , World // 1 Comment 
Spain is having to review its decision to allow Russian warships to refuel at one of its ports amid international outrage. 
'The latest stopover requests are being reviewed at the moment based on the information we are receiving from our allies and from Russian authorities,” the Spanish foreign ministry said. 
A naval fleet headed by the Admiral Kuznetzov aircraft carrier, which passed through the English Channel last week, was expected to dock this morning in the autonomous enclave of Ceuta to take on fuel and supplies under a permit issued by Spain's Foreign Ministry. 
NATO, the British government & EU officials have expressed anger even though Spain says Russia's warships have been mooring there 'for years.” 
The Independent reports: 
Asked about Spain's role in supplying the fleet, Jens Stoltenberg, the Nato Secretary-General, said he was 'concerned”. 
'I have expressed that very clearly about potential use of this battle group to increase Russia's ability and to be a platform for airstrikes against Syria,” he added. 
'I repeat those concerns today and I believe that all Nato allies are aware that this battle group can be used to conduct airstrikes against Aleppo and Syria.” 
Guy Verhofstadt, president of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats in the European Parliament, called Spain's decision 'scandalous”. 
He wrote on Twitter: 'Spain signed EU statement on Russian war crimes in Aleppo last week – today [Tuesday] helps refuel fleet on way to commit more atrocities. Seriously?” 
The UK said that although access to Spanish ports was a matter for local authorities, concerns had been raised. 
'Her Majesty's government has previously expressed concerns to the Spanish government about its hospitality to the Russian navy when we have concerns about Russia's military activity,” a British Government spokesperson said. 
Spain, a Nato member, regularly allows Russian war ships to stop in its enclave of Ceuta, which borders Morocco at the mouth of the Mediterranean Sea. 
A spokesperson for the foreign ministry told El Pais permission was granted on a case-by-case basis depending on the ship in question and possibly security risks. 
'We are looking at the latest [supply] stops requested based on information requested by Russian authorities,” he added. 
Intense international media coverage has followed the fleet's progress from the Arctic Circle to the Mediterranean, with Royal Navy ships tracking it through the Channel.

ARTICLE

Posted on October 26, 2016 by Edmondo Burr in News , UK //  French authorities hope to clear all immigrants from the Calais jungle by Wednesday. 
A French politician says the dismantling of the camp will have no effect on the thousands of refugees who seek to cross the channel to England for its generous welfare system. 
RT.com reports: 
Philippe Mignonet, the deputy mayor of Calais, believes the demolition of the 'Jungle' refugee camp will not stop the thousands of migrants from congregating in the French port town in the hope of crossing the English Channel. 
' The UK government says it does not want any more migrants but it never expels migrants who get there, ” Mignonet told the Daily Mail . 
' They claim benefits and housing, and all we get is the British-funded wall and fences. ” 
For Mignonet, the £2 million (US$2.4 million) British-funded wall being built around the loading area of the Eurotunnel, which allows goods trucks to come from France into Britain, is simply not enough. 
' What English city would accept a fence and a wall being built by another country on their land? If the British government want to improve matters, they should come and talk to the city of Calais, ” he added. 
Mignonet invited Prime Minister Theresa May to visit the town, and even offered to give her a covert ride from the airport. 
' I have a car with dark windows, so she doesn't have to be seen, ” Mignonet said. 
' Calais was once part of England, and we have often worked together in the past. We can work together again. The people of Britain made their choice about Brexit, and some of those choices mean they will face difficulty, but putting walls and fences up here is not right. ” 
The wall, which is seen as a blight on the coastal town, could also affect the price of the land once occupied by the Jungle camp, which will soon be ready for private development. 
' This is at the door of England, and near to the shuttle terminal for trucks, ” Mignonet said. ' What better place for British businesses to come? ” 
Tighter border 
The British public appears unmoved by French concerns. A new poll suggests most Brits would rather see their borders tightly secured than stay in the single market. 
According to a poll commissioned by ITV, 58 percent of Brits approve of May's Brexit strategy of prioritizing immigration controls over the negotiation of the UK's access to the single market. Only a quarter were against. 
Just over 40 percent of those asked insisted EU trade benefits should be prioritized throughout the divorce. However, a similar Sky News poll found the opposite to be the case. 
A breakdown of the data, however, showed twice as many older Brits support May's 'hard Brexit' and immigration control policies as the younger demographic.

ARTICLE

Posted on October 26, 2016 by Edmondo Burr in News , UK //  In a show of force against Russia, the UK is sending 800 soldiers with tanks and drones to take up a 'serious military presence” near Russia's western border with Estonia. 
It comes just days after Russian ships sailed through the English Channel testing British defences on their way to the Mediterranean for possible offensive operations in Syria. 
International tensions are mounting as communications between America and Russia over their operations in Syria break down. 
The Daily Express report: 
British soldiers will travel to Estonia in what is one of the biggest build-ups of foreign firepower on Russia's border since the Cold War. 
The move will take place next spring, with Denmark and France also taking part in the huge military exercise. 
The project was revealed by Defence Secretary Michael Fallon, who said the UK's forces will be 'fully combat-capable”. 
He said: 'That battalion will be defensive in nature, but it will be fully combat-capable. 
'This is about two things: reassurance, and that needs to be done with some formidable presence, and deterrence. 
'This is not simply a trip-wire. This is a serious military presence.” 
Cold War-style tensions between Moscow and Washington took a further dip this week after the US revealed plans to station marines in Norway – just a few hundred miles from the border with Russia. 
Officials in Norway and the US said they were considering a deal for extra equipment and training for the Scandinavian country. 
Russia has reacted angrily to the plans, saying there was 'the absence of threat from Russia to Norway”. 
Mr Putin made a similar show of force last month, when he orchestrated a military evacuation drill including a staggering 40 million people. 
The huge four-day 'civil defence” drill set alarm bells ringing in Washington and London, with tensions already high over disagreements in Syria. 
Russia's Ministry for Civil Defence, Emergencies and Elimination of Consequences of Natural Disaster revealed 40 million civilians, 200,000 emergency rescuers and 50,000 units of equipment were involved in the war game, which ran from October 4 to October 7. 
And last month two RAF jets were scrambled to intercept Russian bombers which had flown threateningly close to British airspace. 
While the two Russian Blackjack bombers did not enter British airspace, authorities were alarmed when they passed to the west of the Shetland Islands. 
The Ministry of Defence revealed jets from RAF Lossiemouth and RAF Coningsby were eventually launched as a 'precautionary measure”. 
The Russian planes, which had travelled from the direction of Norway, then continued their route away from Britain. 
A similar incident occurred again last, when the RAF were twice forced to scramble jets to intercept Russian bombers. 
Putin's aircrafts flew in an 'area of interest” off the coast of Scotland on October 12 and October 16, the MoD revealed. This latest development comes amid a massive break-down in communication between America and Russia over their operations in Syria. 
A spokesman for the US State Department said earlier this month: 'Extremist groups will continue to exploit the vacuums that are there in Syria to expand their operations. 
A spokesman for the US State Department said earlier this month: 'Extremist groups will continue to exploit the vacuums that are there in Syria to expand their operations. 
'This could include attacks against Russian interests, perhaps even Russian cities. 
'Russia will continue to send troops home in body bags, and will continue to lose resources, perhaps even aircraft.”

ARTICLE

Posted on October 26, 2016 by Carol Adl in Sci/Environment //  
Two powerful earthquakes struck central Italy on Wednesday, causing fear among residents still rattled by a deadly tremor in August. 
An 6.0-magnitude earthquake hit the Marche region almost two hours after a 5.4-magnitude quake damaged buildings and cut power lines across the area. 
There have been no reports of casualties so far. 
RT reports: 
The latest earthquake occurred 71 km east of Perugia, with United States Geological Survey reporting it as a 6.0-magnitude temblor, and Italy's National Institute of Geophysics and Volcanology saying it was 5.9-magnitude. M5.9 #earthquake ( #terremoto ) strikes 135 km NE of #Roma ( #Italy ) 13 min ago. Updated map of its effects: pic.twitter.com/LKWAtTLmBe 
— EMSC (@LastQuake) October 26, 2016 
The first earthquake was detected at 7:11pm local time, about 66km to the southeast of Perugia, striking a mountainous part of the Marche region and lasting several seconds.The exact epicenter of the tremblor remains unclear, but it was relatively shallow, at about 9km below ground. 
Within an hour of the first earthquake, there was a series of small but noticeable aftershocks, ranging in magnitude from 2.5 to 2.8. 
'We're in the square, all the lights are out, we can't see, we're counting each other to see who's here, we still don't know how bad the situation is,” Mauro Falcucci, mayor of Castelsantangelo sul Nera, the small commune closest to the epicenter, told Sky News by phone. 'The situation is delicate. It is important to remain calm.” 
The official said that the emergency is exacerbated by a downpour, and intermittent problems with mobile phone communication. 
'It was a very strong, apocalyptic earthquake – people were screaming in the street, and now the lights are cut off,” said Marco Rinaldi, the mayor of Ussita, a community of 400 that was also affected by the initial earthquake. 
A video posted by a Huffington Post journalist shows rubble strewn through the streets of Visso, a commune less than 10 km from the epicenter. 
— Claudio Paudice (@clapaudice) October 26, 2016 
The Civil Protection agency, the centralized service which is receiving infromation from dozens of tiny settlements scattered across the area, say that older buildings have been damaged, or collapsed entirely, but that no injuries have been reported. #Italy Civil Prot Agency says so far no reports of injuries following 5.4M #earthquake in central Apennines. Panicked people in streets. 
— Daniele Pinto (@DanielePinto) October 26, 2016 
Eyewitnesses also reported a powerful tremor in the capital on the western side of the country, more than 150 km away, saying that centuries-old buildings were shaking. It's been almost a hour since the earthquake and my heart is still racing. I hope nothing else will happen over night or tomorrow…

ARTICLE

Russia & CIS Countries Launch Massive Air Drills Over 130 Command Centers in Russia and CIS on Alert In Huge Air Drill Posted on October 27, 2016 by Edmondo Burr in News , World //  Seven members of the Commonwealth of Independent States ( CIS ) have deployed over 100 fighter jets, long-range bombers and combat helicopters in a massive joint air defence exercise across eastern Europe and Central Asia. 
RT reports: 
More than 130 command and control centers have been put on alert in Russia and six former Soviet republics – Armenia, Belarus, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Tajikistan and Uzbekistan – the Russian Defense Ministry said in a statement on Wednesday. 
All the countries contribute to the integrated air defense system overseen by the Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS) – an alliance of former Soviet republics that emerged after the collapse of the USSR. 
The large-scale military exercise is to train high-readiness forces in dealing with 'airspace violations, including by hijacked aircraft” as well as 'assisting crews of aircraft in distress,” the ministry added. 
Some 100 aircraft, including Su-27, MiG-29 and MiG-31 fighter jets, Su-24 and Su-34 bombers, as well as Su-25 ground attack jets and combat helicopters provided by the allies, are expected to take part in the drill. 
Troops from electronic warfare and surface-to-air missile units are also participating. 
The exercise started at 8am Moscow time with Tu-160, Tu-95MS and Tu-22M3 aircraft given the roles of aggressor. The planes, simulating an adversary force, were spotted over Eastern European and Central Asian airspaces, the Russian military said. 
All units are being coordinated from a Russian Air Force command center located outside Moscow. 
The joint CIS air defense system, established in 1995, currently focuses on protecting the ex-Soviet countries' airspace as well as providing air or missile strike early warnings and coordinated responses. 
Russia contributes the bulk of the system's early warning and air defense capacities, with short- and long-range radar stations monitoring the area. 
Notably, the system does not have a single commander. It is collectively controlled by the chiefs of the air defense forces of the member states themselves. 
Bilateral air defense systems between Russia and its neighbors have also been established in recent years. Last December, an air defense agreement between Russia and Armenia was signed by the two countries' defense ministers, Sergey Shoigu and Seyran Oganyan, respectively. 
In 2013 Moscow signed a separate treaty on a joint regional air defense system with Kazakhstan. Russian and Belarusian anti-aircraft missile forces have already been unified into an integrated system designed to contain any security threats in the European theater.

ARTICLE

Contact Us WikiLeaks: Hillary Admits Clinton Foundation Donors Fund ISIS Hillary Clinton is now on record saying Saudi Arabia and Qatar fund and support ISIS. So what did she do about it? She took their money, and sent them arms. Mainstream media won't touch this with a 10-foot pole. Posted on October 27, 2016 by administrator in News , US //  
WikiLeaks have released an email in which Hillary Clinton admits that Qatar and Saudi Arabia – two of her mega-donors – provide financial and logistical support to ISIS. 
In the extraordinary email , sent to John Podesta in 2014, Clinton lays out an eight point plan to defeat ISIS in Iraq, and mentions that Saudi Arabia and Qatar are both giving financial and logistical support to the Islamic State and other extremist Sunni groups. 
She conveniently fails to mention that these two terror-funding states are both mega-donors to the Clinton Foundation. Qatar has given between $1 million and $5 million to the Clinton Foundation and Saudi Arabia has donated upwards of $25 million dollars to the Foundation. 
Nowhere in the email – sent, of course, through the notorious unsecured server – does Clinton address the staggering hypocrisy of continuing to provide Saudi Arabia with multiple billions in weapons, arms, aircraft, and other support in full knowledge of its active support for terrorists. 
Hillary Clinton has known since at least 2014 that the governments of Saudi Arabia and Qatar provide ' clandestine financial and logistic support ” to ISIS and other radical Islamic groups – but, rather than refuse their money and call for a halt of arms sales and support, she has campaigned for more money and tried to increase their supply of arms. 
Arming ISIS 
In an email revealed in the Intercept earlier this year, Jake Sullivan, then Clinton's deputy chief of staff, celebrated the sale to Saudi Arabia of more than 80 Boeing F-15SA fighter jets – ' along with upgrades to the pre-existing Saudi fleet of 70 F-15 aircraft and munitions, spare parts, training, maintenance, and logistics ” – with the heading addressed to Clinton, ' FYI — good news .” 
Good news – at least for Clinton, Saudi Arabia, and ISIS. And evidence of the cozy love-in doesn't stop there. Ever wonder what a Clinton administration's top priorities will be? Jobs? Healthcare? Education? More like arming ISIS. A top Clinton aide described a $60 billion weapons transfer of fighter jets and helicopters to Saudi Arabia as a ' top priority .” 
Saudi Arabia is the largest customer of U.S. military sales in the world with ' active and open cases valued at approximately $97 billion ,” according to a White House fact sheet that championed the U.S.' strong relationship with the terror-sponsoring state. 
Media blackout 
Even in a period of America's history in which mainstream media repeats what one of the most powerful political dynasties in the country keeps on repeating to exhaustion – accusing Russia of 'rigging” the U.S. election without offering any proof to back their claims – it is still astonishing that major outlets are refusing to report on this story. 
Is it that Qatar's and Saudi Arabia's funding of ISIS – while funding their favorite American candidate at the same time – is a difficult issue to report on? Or is the gutless and hopelessly biased media's refusal to cover this topic rooted in fear that thoroughly addressing it will cause her to lose the presidential election? 
The press have given Clinton a free ride in this campaign. By failing to live up to their duties in a functioning democracy, the fourth estate have played their part in erecting a demon. Unencumbered by the law, unscrutinized by the media, Clinton will wield a dictator's authority.

ARTICLE

Posted on October 27, 2016 by Baxter Dmitry in News , US //  
A voting machine has been caught on camera casting a ballot for a Democrat after the voter selected a Republican. 
Donald Trump thinks Hillary Clinton and the Democrats are going to steal the next election. ' I'm afraid the election is going to be rigged, I have to be honest ,” he told a campaign rally last week. 
The mainstream media are trying to portray him as mad, but take a look at this evidence: 
This is attempted election theft through manipulation of the computerized voting machines – and it must be stopped. The party in power in a given state controls the programming of the voting machines. 
When the establishment asked Trump if he would accept the outcome of the election a whole three weeks before the event, it was like asking a sports coach if he thinks the game was refereed fairly before the game is played. 
And the Democrats are now attempting to cover all bases. They are sueing the RNC over Trump's election rigging claims, and also suggesting if any evidence of voter fraud does emerge, then it is probably Russia's fault . 
Do not believe that voter fraud does not exist. It's real, the numbers are huge, and it's undermining true democracy in the United States. We must fight to eradicate it. 
If you notice any sign if possible voter fraud or election rigging, call the Trump Ballot Security Project toll free on 1-855-245-4634 or email StopTheSteal@gmail.com.

ARTICLE

Posted on October 27, 2016 by Baxter Dmitry in News , US //  
Malik Obama has had enough of his younger brother Barack's presidency and is terrified of the prospect of Hillary Clinton succeeding him in the White House. 
Born and raised in Kenya, Malik Obama moved to the Washington D.C. area in the 1980s and became a naturalized U.S. citizen. He is enrolled to vote in Maryland and he will be casting his ballot for Trump. 
'Now that my brother's term is ending I can be open about it: I support Donald J. Trump for President. #MAGA #MAGA3X #Africans4Trump,” he says on his Twitter page. 
A Muslim who spends a lot of time in Africa, Malik has between 3 and 12 wives – he won't say how many exactly – and clearly doesn't adhere to traditional American values, however you define them. But even he is disappointed with the job his brother has done leading the country. 
Photographs exist of Malik celebrating wildly after his brother won the 2008 election, but since then his views have changed. Malik dreads the thought of Hillary Clinton succeeding his brother in the Oval Office, and describes Trump's proposed shut down on Muslims entering the United States as ' common sense .” Trump is for the people. Hillary is for the money 
— Malik Obama (@ObamaMalik) October 26, 2016 
Malik Obama says he is voting Trump because he has learned that career politicians cannot be trusted to enrich anybody but themselves, and he respects the Republican nominee's honesty. He also blames his brother and Hillary Clinton for the death of Libya's Moammar Gaddafi, who Malik describes as ' one of my best friends .” 
Malik blasted Clinton's performance as secretary of state for creating chaos and violence in the Mideast. ' Check out the situation in Libya now ,” he said. Malik Obama, older half brother of the US President pictured with the late Colonel Gaddafi of Libya. 
Malik Obama might not receive regular phone calls from his younger brother anymore, but Trump called him and invited him to attend the third presidential debate in Las Vegas. 
' I'm excited to be at the debate. Trump can make America great again ,” Malik told The Post. 
' I look very much forward to meeting and being with Malik ,” Trump said in return. ' He gets it far better than his brother. ” 
Malik agrees with Trump that the mainstream media is corrupt and biased, and he dismisses the women who claim Trump kissed or groped them against their wishes. 
' I don't believe them ,” Malik said. ' Why didn't they come forward before? ” 
The Obama surname means ' bent over ” or ' limping ” in the Kenyan Luo language of their tribe – fittingly, as Malik believes his brother's presidency got off to a good start but is now limping over the line. And in his opinion, if America is to become great again, the baton must not be passed to Hillary Clinton.

ARTICLE

Posted on October 27, 2016 by Baxter Dmitry in Middle East , News //  
At least 36 children are dead and over 50 suffering allergic reactions after receiving measles vaccinations under a UN-sponsored program in the rebel-held north of Syria. 
Doctors in clinics in the towns of Jirjanaz and Maaret al-Nouman in the northeastern province of Idlib said children started falling ill shortly after the vaccinations were administered. 
The mass vaccination drive was part of a high profile international effort to ensure the brutal civil war does not result in an outbreak of measles. 
Reports on the number of children vary and are expected to climb. Relief organizations just over the border in Turkey said the loss of life was extensive, rising as high as 36 plus more than a dozen other children in a life-threatening conditions. 
The Syrian rebel government, which controls the area of Idlib province and is attempting to oust Assad, had been administering the program with international support. They have since announced the immunization project has been stopped. 
Parents accused rebel government health authorities of failing to store the vaccines properly, and of supplying out-of-date medication. But opposition officials denied accusations of negligence, saying that the vaccines came from Unicef and WHO, and that the same batch had successfully vaccinated 60,000 schoolchildren in 30 locations in recent days. 'It's very bad. The figures of dead we are getting go into the 30s. Children are dying very quickly,” said Daher Zidan, the coordinator of the medical charity, Uossm. 'We think it will get worse.” 
But the rebel government are blaming the Assad government. ' Primary investigations point to a limited security breach by vandals likely connected to the regime, which has been attempting to target the medical sector in Free Syria in order to spread chaos, ” the rebel ministry said in a statement. 
The WHO said it was urgently checking the reports and could not confirm the toll. Other well-followed Syrian monitoring groups said there had been deaths. 
' At least 36 children have died and 50 others are suffering from poisoning or allergic reactions after measles vaccinations in Jirjanaz, in Idlib province ,” the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said.

ARTICLE

Posted on October 27, 2016 by Sean Adl-Tabatabai in News , US //  
The DNC is suing the Republican National Committee due to Donald Trump's claims that Hillary Clinton is committing election fraud. 
The suit was filed in a U.S. District Court in New Jersey and aims to silence Trump's claim that the election is rigged, which the DNC are particularly sensitive about. 
Townhall.com reports: 
The DNC alleges that the RNC has not done enough to reprimand Trump for claiming that the election is rigged, and seeks to have the court hold the committee in civil contempt as well as levy sanctions. 
The DNC claims that because the RNC has done 'ballot security” work, they are agreeing with Trump that the election is rigged. 
Marc Elias, Hillary Clinton's campaign counsel, claims that there is also a racial element to Trump's claims of voter fraud. 'Trump has falsely and repeatedly told his supporters that the November 8 election will be 'rigged' based upon fabricated claims of voter fraud in 'certain areas' or 'certain sections' of key states,” the Democratic attorneys, including Hillary Clinton campaign counsel Marc Elias, wrote. 'Unsurprisingly, those 'certain areas' are exclusively communities in which large minority voting populations reside.” 
Election Day is in 13 days.

ARTICLE

Posted on October 27, 2016 by Sean Adl-Tabatabai in News , US //  
FBI bosses are deliberately choosing to ignore the contents of the 'missing' 33,000 Clinton emails after officials were told their location. 
Investigative journalist Paul Sperry says that newly released FBI documents prove that federal agents know the whereabouts of the missing emails – claiming that they exist in several locations and can be easily recovered. 
Breitbart.com reports: 
The emails were created during Clinton's use of a home-built and largely unprotected email system for her personal and government emails, and also for her management of the scandal-wracked, foreign-funded foundation while she was working as Secretary of State. 
Clinton insists she's handed over all of the government emails — which actually belong to the taxpayer — and insists she didn't break the law by mixing personal and government business or by storing and swapping classified information on her own email network. The hidden 33,000 emails are just emails about her personal life, she says. 
Top Democrats have quietly slammed Clinton for her recklessness and ethical short-cuts, but the FBI leadership decided that she should not be charged with crimes in the run-up to the 2016 election. 
Since that decision was announced, there's been growing evidence that the FBI and the Department of Justice handcuffed the FBI investigators and granted favorable treatment to Clinton's staff. 
Now Sperry shows how Justice Department and FBI officials have also declined multiple opportunities to find copies of the missing 33,000 emails that would provide more evidence about whether Clinton was obeying or violating many federal laws: In a May interview with FBI agents, an executive with the Denver contractor that maintained Clinton's private server revealed that an underling didn't bleach-clean all her subpoenaed emails, just ones he stored in a data file he used to transfer the emails from the server to Clinton's aides, who in turn sorted them for delivery to Congress. The Platte River Networks executive, whose name was redacted from the interview report, said PRN tech Paul Combetta 'created a 'vehicle' to transfer email files from the live mailboxes of [Clinton Executive Services Corp.] email accounts [and] then later used BleachBit software to shred the 'vehicle,' but the email content still existed in the live email accounts.” Unless one of Clinton's aides had the capability to log in to the PRN server as an administrator and remove a mailbox, her archived mailboxes more than likely still reside somewhere in that system. And they may also materialize on an internal 'shared drive” that PRN created to control access to the Clinton email accounts among PRN employees. PRN has been under FBI order to preserve all emails and other evidence since the start of its investigation last year. Clinton's missing 'personal” emails may also be captured on a Google server. According to FBI notes, Combetta 'transferred all of the Clinton email content to a personal Google email address he created.” Only the FBI never subpoenaed Google to find out. The FBI documents also reveal that Hillary's server was mirrored on a cloud server in Pennsylvania maintained by Datto Inc., a tech firm that performs cloud-to-cloud data protection. When PRN contracted with Datto, it requested that Hillary's server be backed up locally and privately. But the techs forgot to order the private node, and they sent the server backup data 'remotely to Datto's secure cloud and not to a local private node.” The FBI never subpoenaed Datto's server, either. 
Read it all here .

ARTICLE

Posted on October 27, 2016 by Sean Adl-Tabatabai in Middle East , News //  
The Palestinian Foreign Ministry have urged The International Criminal Court (ICC) to prosecute the Israeli army after they confessed to 'field executions” against Palestinians. 
The Ministry made the comments after a leaked Israeli army report admitted it was possible to avoid firing against Palestinian people. 
Xinhuanet.com reports: 
'The leaking of an Israeli army internal memo is meant to distort the work of the ICC and its preliminary investigations with regards to Israeli crimes including field executions in order to claim that the occupation authorities are undergoing due procedures with regards to such crimes,” the ministry said in a statement. 
The ministry said that although the report mentions four cases, it 'ignores the fact that all cases of field executions that claimed the lives of dozens of Palestinians did not impose any serious harm or life threat to soldiers.” 
Israeli public radio reported early on Tuesday that an internal report was dispatched to army soldiers saying that it was possible to avoid shooting Palestinians in the West Bank in four separate incident if the army forces acted in a proper way during those incidents. 
The report added that two Palestinians were killed in those incidents and two others were critically injured, pointing out that soldiers opened fire towards them while they should have not, and that if they had acted differently in some cases, they would have avoided shooting them. 
A wave of tensions has been flaring between Israel and the Palestinians in the Palestinian territories since October 2015. 
Official figures say at least 226 Palestinians and 40 Israeli were killed. 
Tension between the two ides mounted and went on on daily basis following the daily assaults on Jerusalem by Israeli settlers and security forces, besides the repeated attempts of radical Jewish groups to get into Al-Aqsa Mosque in East Jerusalem.

ARTICLE

Posted on October 27, 2016 by Sean Adl-Tabatabai in News , US //  
John Podesta's emails released by WikiLeaks reveal that the Democratic National committee (DNC) forced Bernie Sanders out of the race in order to ensure a Clinton victory. 
The DNC functioned as an unofficial Clinton campaign department, rather than the impartial organisation it was supposed to be. 
Observer.com reports: 
In December 2014, Clinton campaign manager Robby Mook sent an email to top staffers in which he described a conversation he had with White House Political Advisor David Simas about picking DNC employees who would serve in the best interest of Clinton. Jen O'Malley Dillon was cited as their pick to serve in a 'general election planning/preparation role.” 
'Jen O'Malley Dillon, a former deputy campaign manager to Obama in 2012 who is now at Precision Strategies, a firm co-founded by senior Clinton aide Teddy Goff, has informally advised the Clinton campaign and also served as an adviser to theDNC in a role described by some Democrats this spring as a frequent go-between,”reported BuzzFeed in July. 'Sanders, a frequent Wasserman-Schultz critic, never enjoyed the same dynamic.” 
The Podesta emails have also revealed that DNC interim chair Donna Brazile worked behind the scenes as a surrogate for the Clinton campaign, violating the neutrality her position as DNC vice chair demanded. Brazile tipped off the Clinton campaign to a difficult CNN town hall question, forwarded them aSanders Outreach campaign outline, and sent an email from CNN staff about a report on the Clinton campaign. Clinton campaign staff also described Brazile as aClinton campaign surrogate in email correspondence. 
An April 2015 email confirmed that the DNC and Clinton campaign coordinated torig the debate schedule for Clinton. 'Through internal discussions, we concluded that it was in our interest to: 1) limit the number of debates (and the number in each state); 2) start the debates as late as possible; 3) keep debates out of the busy window between February 1 and February 27, 2016 (Iowa to South Carolina)” read the email from Charlie Baker, a senior advisor to the campaign from the Dewey Square Group. 'The other campaigns have advocated (not surprisingly) for more debates and for the schedule to start significantly earlier.” 
A memo from Mook's assistant dated April 2015 was shared with Clinton staff and the DNC, it outlined a shared strategy to to elevate 'pied-piper” candidates such asDonald Trump. 'We think our goals mirror those of the DNC,” stated the memo, attached to the email under the title 'muddying the waters.” 
Mook expressed frustration in a March 2015 email over the DNC hiring a convention CEO without consulting the Clinton campaign. 'Madame Secretary, I'm not going to call anyone or say anything until you have your conversation with DWS, but this concerns me a lot,” wrote Mook. 'John–you, Charlie and I may need to sit down with Debbie to make clear how we want things to change/improve before we are willing to consider playing ball with them.” This suggests the Clinton campaign let the DNC and then-chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz know who was boss, and after the incident the DNC and Clinton campaign coordinated more closely together to boost Clinton's candidacy. 
The released WikiLeaks emails boost the case that the DNC and Democratic Partyleadership subverted democracy to ensure Clinton's coronation. This collusion and unethical coordination is equivalent to an athlete using performance-enhancing drugs to win a race. While Clinton received over two million more votes than Bernie Sanders in the primaries, her candidacy benefited from the Democratic Partyleadership bending and breaking the rules to rig the primaries for her campaign.

ARTICLE

Posted on October 26, 2016 by Edmondo Burr in Technology //  The U.S. military is developing a device that could simultaneously take the load off of a soldier's back and at the same time generate electricity. 
Simply by walking soldiers could generate electricity that is needed to power an array of high-tech gadgets found in modern backpacks. 
The bionic power knee harvester, also known as the PowerWalk, is an energy-harvesting device that is attached to both the upper and lower areas of both legs and generates power from movement. The device is still in development and field trials are due to begin in 2017. 
The exoskeleton reduces the need of carrying heavy batteries. 
Sputnik reports: 
' Just by walking, soldiers could generate power,” the Natick Soldier Research, Development and Engineering Center's Project Engineer Noel Soto said in the release. 'We are converting the movement of the knees when you walk into useful power. ' 
'The goal is to reduce the amount of batteries used by soldiers, or to be able to extend the mission with the same load,” Soto noted. 'Soldiers are carrying a heavy load and a lot of that weight, 16 to 20 pounds for a 72-hour mission, is due to batteries.” 
Soldiers now carry multiple electronic devices that aid in strategy, communication and navigation, including computers, radios, mobile phones, battlefield situational displays and navigation tools, according to the release.

ARTICLE

Posted on October 27, 2016 by Carol Adl in News //  
The British Prime Minister has refused to withdraw her support for UK weapons sales to Saudi Arabia. 
Theresa May also refused to withdraw support for Saudi Arabia's place on the UN Human Rights Council despite the Kingdoms atrocities in Yemen. 
During a debate at the House of Commons in Parliament on Wednesday, Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn confronted May over Saudi violations and called for an end to the weapons sales (see video below) 
Press TV reports: 
'The issues are being investigated… We are very clear that the only solution that is going to work for Yemen is actually to make sure that we have the political solution that will give stability in Yemen,” May told Corbyn and the parliamentarians. 
Instead of answering the direct question, May spoke about the UK government's contribution to the humanitarian aid provided to the crisis-torn country. 
Corbyn also questioned May's support for Saudi Arabia's membership in the UN Human Rights Council. A crucial vote on the membership of Riyadh in the council will take place later this month. 
London has repeatedly been blamed by human rights groups, including Oxfam and Amnesty International, for fueling the Yemeni war by supplying Saudi Arabia with weapons. 
Since the conflict began last year, the British government has approved more than £3 billion ($3.7 billion) in arms sales to the Saudis and military contractors hope more deals are in the pipeline. 
Yemen has been under almost daily airstrikes by Saudi Arabia since March 2015. International sources put the death toll from the aggression at almost 10,000. 
Rights groups have also condemned the Kingdom's crackdown on dissent and prosecution of pro-reform activists.

ARTICLE

  Sean Adl-Tabatabai in News , UK //  
Outspoken singer Morrissey recently declared that Brexit was a 'magnificent” result for British democracy and a slap in the face for the New World Order. 
Speaking with Australian magazine Faster Louder , Morrissey said: 
' As for Brexit, the result was magnificent, but it is not accepted by the BBC or Sky News because they object to a public that cannot be hypnotised by BBC or Sky nonsense. 
These news teams are exactly the same as Fox and CNN in that they all depend on public stupidity in order to create their own myth of reality. Watch them at your peril! ' 
Thequietus.com reports: 
'The British political class has never quite been so hopeless, but the same can be said for the USA.” 
Railing against 'media”, he continues: 'As for Brexit, the result was magnificent, but it is not accepted by the BBC or Sky News because they object to a public that cannot be hypnotised by BBC or Sky nonsense. 
These news teams are exactly the same as Fox and CNN in that they all depend on public stupidity in order to create their own myth of reality. Watch them at your peril!” 
In the interview he also implies that he and The Smiths should have been inducted into the Rock & Roll Hall Of Fame before now, while he describes the ongoing commitment to keeping venues he plays gigs at meat-free 'liberating” rather than 'tiring”.

ARTICLE

  Edmondo Burr in News , World //  Julian Assange claims that Hillary Clinton's campaign used hackers to attack WikiLeaks' servers. 
WikiLeaks' editor-in-chief says that despite the Ecuadorian embassy shutting down its internet to stop accusations of interference in U.S. elections, his organisation will keep on publishing until the elections are over. 
RT.com reports: 
' Everyday that you publish is a day that you have the initiative in the conflict, ” Assange said via telephone at a conference in Argentina on Wednesday. 
The whistleblowing website has been releasing emails from Clinton's campaign chair, John Podesta, on a daily basis since early October. 
Assange claimed the release ' whipped up a crazed hornet's nest atmosphere in the Hillary Clinton campaign ” leading them to attack WikiLeaks. 
' They attacked our servers and attempted hacking attacks and there is an amazing ongoing campaign where state documents were put in the UN and British courts to accuse me of being both a Russian spy and a pedophile, ” he added. 
Ecuador's decision to shut down his internet was described by Assange as a ' strategic position ” so that its ' policy of non-intervention can't be misinterpreted by actors in the US and even domestically in Ecuador. ” 
He said he was sympathetic with Ecuador, insisting they face the dilemma of having the US interfere with their elections next year if they appear to interfere with the US elections next month. MORE: #WikiLeaks has activated contingency plans after #Assange 's internet link was intentionally cut off https://t.co/octsMseme1 
— RT (@RT_com) 17 October 2016 
Assange, who claimed the embassy will be without internet until the election is over to avoid accusations of interference, said he did not agree with Ecuador's decision but did understand it. WikiLeaks will not be affected by the decision as they do not publish from Ecuador, he said. 
He did, however, reject the idea that WikiLeaks is interfering with the US election, claiming, ' this is not the interference of electoral process, this is the definition of electoral process – for media organizations and, in fact, everyone to publish the truth and their opinion about what is occurring. It cannot be a free and informed election unless people are free to inform. ” 
He also attacked US TV networks, many of whom he accused of being ' controlled by Clinton supporters. ' We were fastest on #Podestaemails6 , faster than @wikileaks , and the US conspiracy machine can't handle it https://t.co/njAae50qDd 
— RT (@RT_com) 13 October 2016 
The Podesta emails will make no difference to the election result, according to Assange. ' I don't think there's any chance of Donald Trump winning the election, even with the amazing material we are publishing, because most of the media organizations are strongly aligned with Hillary Clinton, ” he said. 
Assange said journalists and people who work in the media are predominantly middle class and view Trump as representing ' what in their mind is white trash. ”

ARTICLE

  Edmondo Burr in News , US // 2 Comments Donald Trump tweeted on Thursday that voting machines in the U.S. state of Texas have been 'flipping' his registered votes to rival Hillary Clinton. 
Sputnik reports: 
The Republican nominee has warned for weeks that the election could be rigged against him. 
'A lot of call-ins about vote flipping at the voting booths in Texas,” Trump said via Twitter. 'People are not happy.” 
Trump also noted in his Twitter message that the lines at the polling places are very long. 'What is going on?” he asked. A lot of call-ins about vote flipping at the voting booths in Texas. People are not happy. BIG lines. What is going on? 
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) 27 October 2016 
On Tuesday, Chambers County in east Texas officially announced that it was switching over at least temporarily to the old-fashioned, low-tech system of voting with emergency paper ballots after electronic voting machines in the region suffered technical glitches. 
Electronic voting using the usual machines would be suspended until the problems with them could be fixed, Chambers County Clerk Heather Hawthorne said in a press release.

ARTICLE

  Sean Adl-Tabatabai in News , US //  
The World Health Organization (WHO) have told scientists to stay silent on documents relating to the cancer-causing dangers associated with glyphosate. 
In a letter, officials from the International Agency for Research on Cancer (IARC) warned scientists against disclosing information from a 2015 study that suggests that Monsanto's weedkiller Roundup is carcinogenic. 
Agweb.com reports: 
The WHO's International Agency for Research on Cancer (IARC) distributed a report in early 2015 calling the weed killer 'probably carcinogenic.” 
Makers of the product say the claim is false, citing their own research into the product. 
Since then, several groups using Freedom of Information Laws have asked for documents related to how the IARC decision was made, including scientists on the panel that live and work in the U.S. at U.S. institutions. 
In response, the WHO said those documents pertaining to glyphosate research are private and its own property. 
Reuters reports some parties are considering a lawsuit seeking to clarify whether that's the case and if it's subject to U.S. FOIA laws. 
Glyphosate is the key ingredient of Roundup, which is sold by Monsanto.

ARTICLE

  Sean Adl-Tabatabai in News , US //  
Barack Obama has been accused of using the Department of Justice (DOJ) to illegally funnel money into left-wing groups such as the Clinton Campaign. 
According to Clinton Cash author and Government Accountability Institute (GAI) President Peter Schweizer, a new GAI report indicates that the DOJ, under direction from Obama, used money obtained by fining financial institutions to fund left-wing liberal causes. 
Breitbart.com reports: 
Breitbart Editor-in-Chief and SiriusXM host Alex Marlow described the report as exposing the Justice Department of 'quite literally extorting companies to fund left-wing activists.” 
'When I first joined Breitbart,” Schweizer recalled, 'There was a scandal called Pigford where the federal government was basically taking taxpayer money and giving it to people who were claiming to be victims who were not victims and giving them billions of dollars. This is in that tradition.” 
He explained: 
What's really happening here is simple. You've got large financial institutions on Wall Street, you've got banks like Bank of America, who have in some cases committed financial crimes. I think some of them are real, some of them may not be, but set that aside for a minute. The Department of Justice has gone after them and basically said, 'You committed these offenses, you've got to pay restitution in the form of billions of dollars.' Okay, they committed the crime, they ought to pay that. 
Now, ostensibly that money, those billions of dollars, are supposed to go to the victims of their financial crimes. If your Wall Street broker committed fraud, you're supposed to be made whole with this money, and the rest of it is supposed to go to taxpayers. 
The problem is the Obama Justice Department has been diverting literally more than $650 million to left-wing groups. They do it under the guise of, 'Well, you know, if this bank discriminated against lenders racially, we're going to give this money to these left-wing quote-unquote housing groups to help deal with the problem.” 
But that's not what's going on. These housing groups are advocacy groups. They're left-wing organizations. They are registering voters and getting voters out to the voting booth. And they specifically target what they call quote-unquote progressive voters. 
So this is taking the Department of Justice, which we've experienced so much in recent years has been politicized by this Administration, even further to where now the Department of Justice is transferring money to left-wing groups — in an effort, frankly I think, to influence this election.

ARTICLE

  Sean Adl-Tabatabai in News , US //  
Record numbers of Trump supporters are turning out in their droves to vote for the Republican nominee in Texas. 
According to Sid Miller, Texas Agriculture Commissioner, a huge surge of Republican voters are turning up to vote for Trump for President in the Lone Star State. 
According to a Wednesday Fox News interview, Miller says that record numbers of people are turning up on the first and second day of voting in Texas, eager to ensure that Hillary Clinton doesn't get into the White House. 
Thegatewaypundit.com reports: Sid Miller : We have a record number of people registered to vote in Texas. We're having record turnouts, the first day, the second day of voting. And it's not Bernie Sanders supporters coming out to support Hillary. It's not Barack Obama supporters coming out to support Hillary. It's a new surge of Trump voters, many who have never registered to vote. Many who have not voted in eight or ten elections so they're not reported in the polls… …I know for a fact that the polls are off because they oversample Democrats by eight sometimes up to sixteen percent oversampling Democrats. They're oversampling women by five to eight percent. So the Republican vote is underreported. Plus there is no way to sample this extra twenty to twenty-five percent of new voters that are Trump voters. They're not Republican, they're not Democrats, they're pragmatists. They're tired of the status quo and they want change. YUGE RECORD BREAKING VOTES in TEXAS!!! & Its Not Bernie Fans or Obama Voters for Hillary Clinton!! ALLL Donald Trump Folks😃 #wednesdaywisdom pic.twitter.com/Sn79fMhwXG

ARTICLE

  Sean Adl-Tabatabai in News , World //  
A disturbing new report suggests that over two-thirds of wild animals living on Earth are set to become extinct by the year 2020. 
The comprehensive report by the WWF and Zoological Society of London says animal populations across the globe will continue to plummet by 67% by 2020 due to a mass extinction that is killing the natural world. 
Thegaurdian.com reports: 
The creatures being lost range from mountains to forests to rivers and the seas and include well-known endangered species such as elephants and gorillas and lesser known creatures such as vultures and salamanders. 
The collapse of wildlife is, with climate change, the most striking sign of the Anthropocene, a proposed new geological era in which humans dominate the planet. 'We are no longer a small world on a big planet. We are now a big world on a small planet, where we have reached a saturation point,” said Prof Johan Rockström, executive director of the Stockholm Resilience Centre, in a foreword for the report. 
Marco Lambertini, director general of WWF, said: 'The richness and diversity of life on Earth is fundamental to the complex life systems that underpin it. Life supports life itself and we are part of the same equation. Lose biodiversity and the natural world and the life support systems, as we know them today, will collapse.” 
He said humanity was completely dependent on nature for clean air and water, food and materials, as well as inspiration and happiness. 
The report analysed the changing abundance of more than 14,000 monitored populations of the 3,700 vertebrate species for which good data is available. This produced a measure akin to a stock market index that indicates the state of the world's 64,000 animal species and is used by scientists to measure the progress of conservation efforts. 
The biggest cause of tumbling animal numbers is the destruction of wild areas for farming and logging: the majority of the Earth's land area has now been impacted by humans, with just 15% protected for nature. Poaching and exploitation for food is another major factor, due to unsustainable fishing and hunting: more than300 mammal species are being eaten into extinction, according to recent research. 
Pollution is also a significant problem with, for example, killer whales and dolphins in European seas being seriously harmed by long-lived industrial pollutants. Vultures in south-east Asia have been decimated over the last 20 years, dying after eating the carcasses of cattle dosed with an anti-inflammatory drug. Amphibians have suffered one of thegreatest declines of all animals due to a fungal disease thought to be spread around the world by the trade in frogs and newts. 
Rivers and lakes are the hardest hit habitats, with animals populations down by 81% since 1970, due to excessive water extraction, pollution and dams. All the pressures are magnified by global warming, which shifts the ranges in which animals are able to live, said WWF's director of science, Mike Barrett. 
Some researchers have reservations about the report's approach, which summarises many different studies into a headline number. 'It is broadly right, but the whole is less than the sum of the parts,” said Prof Stuart Pimm, at Duke University in the US, adding that looking at particular groups, such as birds, is more precise. 
The report warns that losses of wildlife will impact on people and could even provoke conflicts: 'Increased human pressure threatens the natural resources that humanity depends upon, increasing the risk of water and food insecurity and competition over natural resources.” 
However, some species are starting to recover, suggesting swift action could tackle the crisis. Tiger numbers are thought to be increasing and the giant panda has recently been removed from the list of endangered species. 
In Europe, protection of the habitat of the Eurasian lynx and controls on hunting have seen its population rise fivefold since the 1960s. A recent global wildlife summit also introduced new protection for pangolins, the world's most trafficked mammals, and rosewoods, the most trafficked wild product of all. 
But stemming the overall losses of animals and habitats requires systemic change in how society consumes resources, said Barrett. People can choose to eat less meat, which is often fed on grain grown on deforested land, and businesses should ensure their supply chains, such as for timber, are sustainable, he said. 
'You'd like to think that was a no-brainer in that if a business is consuming the raw materials for its products in a way that is not sustainable, then inevitably it will eventually put itself out of business,” Barrett said. Politicians must also ensure all their policies – not just environmental ones – are sustainable, he added. 
'The report is certainly a pretty shocking snapshot of where we are,” said Barrett. 'My hope though is that we don't throw our hands up in despair – there is no time for despair, we have to crack on and act. I do remain convinced we can find our sustainable course through the Anthropocene, but the will has to be there to do it.”

ARTICLE

  Sean Adl-Tabatabai in Sci/Environment //  
A U.S. teen has shown doctors compelling evidence that reincarnation exists after awaking from a coma and speaking fluent Spanish – a language he was never taught. 
16-year-old Reuben Nsemoh survived a life-threatening head injury on the soccer pitch that put him in a coma after being kicked in the head whilst diving for a loose ball. 
The English-speaking Georgia teenager left doctors utterly baffled when he awoke 3 days later speaking fluent Spanish 
Could it be that Reuben was Hispanic in a past life? 
Ksl.com reports: 
Slowly, his English is coming back, and he's starting to lose his Spanish fluency. 
Foreign accent syndrome is an extremely rare condition in which brain injuries change a person's speech patterns, giving them a different accent. 
The first known case was reported in 1941, when a Norwegian woman suffered shrapnel injuries to the brain during a German bombing run, and started speaking with a German accent.

ARTICLE

  Edmondo Burr in Sci/Environment //  Yesterday the sun erupted with a huge solar flare sending streams of particles bombarding towards Earth. 
A solar storm can wreak havoc on electricity power lines and technologies that rely on satellites. 
People are warned to prepare for the worst in coming days. 
The Daily Express reports: 
Solar storms can affect technology here on Earth as the radiation thrown at our planet heat the outer atmosphere, resulting in it expanding. 
As a result, satellite communications struggle to penetrate the atmosphere, essentially blocking communications which could lead to a lack of GPS navigation, mobile phone signal and satellite TV such as Sky. 
Furthermore, higher currents in the magnetosphere – the Earth's magnetic field – could result in a surge of electricity in power lines, which can blow out electrical transformers and power stations leading to a temporary loss of electricity in a region – although this usually only occurs in areas that are in high altitude. 
The solar storm is predicted to carry on until October 27 and officials are telling citizens to prepare for the worst. 
The US Space Weather Prediction Center said: 'Voltage corrections may be required, false alarms triggered on some protection devices. 
'Drag may increase on low-Earth-orbit satellites, and corrections may be needed for orientation problems”. 
The storm was originally described as a 'serious” G3 level storm, although it was later downgraded to a G2. 
The UK Met Office said: 'Elevated solar winds are expected throughout the period, with G1-G2 minor to moderate geomagnetic storms forecast.” Greenland 
However, on the plus side, solar storms can lead to the Northern Lights being visible. 
As the magnetosphere gets bombarded by solar winds, stunning blue lights can appear over the upper reaches of the Northern hemisphere and the lower parts of the southern hemisphere.

ARTICLE

Posted on October 28, 2016 by Baxter Dmitry in News , US // 1 Comment 
Hillary Clinton spent a whole afternoon drunk and unresponsive while her campaign staff tried to reach her, a new WikiLeaks email reveals. 
An Aug. 8, 2015, email exchange with the subject ' Have you sent her the docs? ” between campaign chairman John Podesta and top aide Jennifer Palmieri revealed the two discussing whether to call Hillary and ' sober her up some .” 
John Podesta also suggested Hillary's judgement might be impaired considering her drunken state. 
' Should I call her and talk this through or better leave with you? ” Podesta asked at 2 p.m. 
' I'm worried she'll get on with Cheryl [Mills] and we'll end up in a bad place. ” 
Two hours later Palmieri decided it was time drunk Hillary was roused from her unresponsive state. 
' I think you should call her and sober her up some, ” she said. Is Hillary Clinton's judgement impaired due to her daytime consumption of alcohol?

ARTICLE

Posted on October 28, 2016 by Baxter Dmitry in News , US //  
Whistleblower Edward Snowden warned reporters that in this era of mass surveillance and mainstream media collusion with the state, journalists are an endangered species facing extinction. 
' Journalists are increasingly a threatened class when we think about the right to privacy, ” Snowden said. ' Yes, I can give you tips on how to protect your communications, but you are going to be engaging in an arms race that you simply cannot win .” 
Snowden, speaking via video feed at a German conference, urged journalists to be brave and fight the system by exposing privacy violations and government intrusions to the masses. 
'You must fight this on the front pages and you must win, if you want to be able to report in the same way that you've been able to do in the previous centuries.” 
Snowden went on to bemoan the fact mainstream media is not taking the government to task and provoking public debate about short-sighted and secret government policy. 
' Policy is only short-sighted here because it is not being publicly debated. It is not being openly scrutinized outside of this audience of a few special interests .” 
By failing to live up to their duties in a functioning democracy, the mainstream media have played their part in granting the government a previously unthinkable amount of power. The Clinton presidential campaign is a case in point. Unencumbered by the law and unscrutinized by the media, Clinton as president will wield a dictator's authority. 
Snowden believes journalists simply must resume criticizing the powers that be, and provoking public debate – and the topic of spying and hacking should be top of the agenda. 
' We have technologies that can protect communications in an unbreakable format when they're in transit. Governments have reacted to this as if we've thrown them in a pool of acid, saying you know, 'you're shutting us out, you're going dark.” This is false. 
Any government official who claims we're going dark is lying. We know this because we have classified documents from inside governments and we have reportage from journalists who have been in private sessions with these officials. Things are pretty bad for our side. For the government's side, it's never been easier. How do we reconcile this with this idea that these are theoretically, as far as our understanding of mathematics goes, unbreakable communications? 
It's because what we're doing is we're thwarting mass surveillance when we use encryption. We're not stopping targeted surveillance. Because even, again, if you have the most well-encrypted device in the world, if the government spends a million dollars to pay a hacker to exploit your phone personally, they will very likely succeed. 
In our current state of the art, offense is easier than defense. This is an unfortunate artifact of the fact that governments around the world have prioritized offensive capabilities for the benefit of spying on people so much more strongly than they have defensive capabilities, preventing our countries from being hacked. And this is what's leading to the kind of dynamics we see today. 
Whether it's the Office of Personnel Management; whether it's this recent Democratic National Committee hack; whether it's all of these other things about infrastructural attacks; fear of the power grid being attacked—these were preventable problems. 
But unfortunately we don't have this pressure—that should be simply blistering—coming from newspapers, going, 'We are the most advanced societies in the world, we are the most connected societies in the world, and in some sort of computer-based conflict. We have more to lose.” 
We can hack Russia ten times; it will cause less damage to them than one hack to us will cause. We can hack North Korea 1,000 times, and they will suffer less damage than if they hacked us a single time. This is not a game that we want to get into, so why are we doing so? It's because policy is short-sighted.” 
The whole interview is available here:

ARTICLE

Posted on October 28, 2016 by Baxter Dmitry in News , US // 1 Comment 
The Clinton campaign have found a way to rig voting machines in order to commit election fraud, and America is completely clueless. 
Dominion Voting Systems, the biggest voting machine owner in the United States, has been Exposed donating to the Clinton Foundation, and has close ties to George Soros. 
In 2010 Dominion Voting Machines bought out the right to own the machines in 600 jurisdictions across 22 different states, according to Wikipedia. 
The same company, Dominion Voting, has also been exposed donating enough money to the Clinton Foundation to make it to their online donor list. 
Is it any wonder voters have already started reporting that some machines are flipping their votes? 
How blatant is that! Just take a look at the Clinton Foundation's website itself. 
Wow. That is just such a strange coincidence, don't you think? Right around the same time Hillary Clinton was deciding to retire as Secretary of State and focus on her campaign, this company bought out half the voting machines in the country. 
And if that is not bad enough, one of the top owners of Dominion Voting is none other than the king of corruption himself, George Soros. 
But it gets even worse. 
Dominion Voting Systems and The Clinton Foundation did a 2.25 million dollar charity initiative in developing nations together called the DELIAN Project. 
According to the project's own website : 
' In 2014, Dominion Voting committed to providing emerging and post-conflict democracies with access to voting technology through its philanthropic support to the DELIAN Project, as many emerging democracies suffer from post-electoral violence due to the delay in the publishing of election results. Over the next three years, Dominion Voting will support election technology pilots with donated Automated Voting Machines (AVM), providing an improved electoral process, and therefore safer elections.” 
This presents a very troubling conflict of interest. Most Americans would certainly agree that voting machines should have zero connection to presidential candidates and their foundations. 
As we previously reported , the Democratic primaries were essentially rigged. So why wouldn't the general U.S. election potentially be manipulated in favor of the elite's preferred candidate? 
If you think this is as important of information as I do, then share this out immediately. Time is of the essence.

ARTICLE

Posted on October 28, 2016 by Baxter Dmitry in News , US // 2 Comments 
Goldman Sachs CEO Lloyd Blankfein has broken his silence and endorsed Hillary Clinton as Wall Street's preferred candidate. 
In an interview with CNN's Fareed Zacharia, Blankfein said that although he had previously declared he would not endorse a candidate, the situation is now critical and Hillary Clinton must be elected. 
' I certainly, yes, I do — yes, so flat out, yes, I do ,” Blankfein said when asked whether he supports and admires Clinton. 
As was revealed by Wikileaks, Hillary Clinton spent the run up to her presidential campaign giving speeches to Goldman Sachs and other Wall Street banks, where she praised their talents and explained her real position on financial regulation. 
In essence, Hillary told the banksters she would let them set their own rules and regulations because ' the people that know the industry better than anybody are the people who work in the industry. ' 
Hillary Clinton has taken a tough public position on Wall Street during the campaign, likely due to Senator Bernie Sanders' success in the primaries. But you can completely dismiss anything she has said in public. Wikileaks also revealed that Clinton admitted to the National Multi-housing Council in a private speech that ' you need both a public and a private position. ” 
Hillary Clinton's private position has been exposed. She is the Wall Street candidate promising them the ability to set their own rules. Now, unsurprisingly, they have endorsed her. 
On October 24, 2013, Clinton told Goldman Sachs that Dodd-Frank had to be done mostly for ' political reasons ” because Congress needed to ' look like ” it was doing something about the crisis. 
Behind closed doors, she assured the bankers she was on their side, saying,' There's nothing magic about regulations, too much is bad, too little is bad. How do you get to the golden key, how do we figure out what works? And the people that know the industry better than anybody are the people who work in the industry. ” 
Music to Wall Street's ears 
' I mean, right now, there are so many places in our country where the banks are not doing what they need to do because they're scared of regulations, they're scared of the other shoe dropping, they're just plain scared, so credit is not flowing the way it needs to to restart economic growth, ” Clinton said. ' So people are, you know, a little — they're still uncertain, and they're uncertain both because they don't know what might come next in terms of regulations, but they're also uncertain because of changes in a global economy that we're only beginning to take hold of. ” 
For Goldman Sachs and the other big banks, was there really any other choice this cycle? After all, they did pay Hillary Clinton $675,000 for those three speeches, and have generously supported her political career. 
Considering the pay-for-play environment in the Clinton world, the real question is: what do Blankfein and Goldman Sachs want in return and what is Clinton's private position on giving it to them?

ARTICLE

Posted on October 28, 2016 by Edmondo Burr in Health //  A man diagnosed with cancer 50 years ago and told by doctors that he had not got long to live, drank wine to forget his sorrows and found that it saved his life and cured his cancer. 
98-year old Stamatis Moraitis who had refused chemotherapy and expensive medical procedures for his lung cancer decades ago lived long enough to share his story. 
He even outlived his doctors before dying at the ripe old age of 100 from natural causes in 2013. 
Underground Reporter : 
There are now many studies proving chemotherapy can make cancer more malignant (deadly). 
Some attest that chemotherapy and radiotherapy are both intrinsically carcinogenic treatments — so if a 98-year old man can live through a cancer diagnosis, without resorting to these treatments, what can we learn from him? 
The answer is surprisingly simple. 
Stamatis Moraitis was diagnosed with lung cancer in his 60s, and wanted his doctors to tell him how long he had to live. He was surprised by the diagnosis, but even more by the prognosis — that he was to live only six to nine months, according to medical 'experts.' 
Moraitis hails from the Greek island of Ikaria, known as a place where people 'forget to die,' as they have such high longevity rates. He opted to forgo chemotherapy and other medications, not because this was the Greek way, necessarily, but because he considered funeral costs to be too exorbitant in the U.S. where he had moved in 1943 to seek treatment for a combat injury. Upon learning he had little time, he opted to return to his native Ikaria. 
Moraitis simply continued to work, and drank two to three glasses of wine every day, waiting for his certain death. At about age 50, he started to question the doctor's prognosis, and at 98 years of age he says, ' I'm no doctor, but I think the wine helped. I've done nothing else except eat pure food, [drink] pure wine, [take] pure herbs. ” 
His actions to cure his cancer are decidedly simple, but that's what makes them so surprising. Americans have been taught to believe they need to spend thousands of dollars on chemotherapy drugs, and practically go into bankruptcy while also killing their healthy cells with chemo and radiation, instead of simply changing their lifestyle habits. 
Moraitis is living proof that eating right, working in fresh air , and giving the body the proper nutrients — that scavenge free radicals and create an environment in which cancer cannot thrive — might be all it truly takes to live well and prosper. 
Moraitis may not be a doctor, he quipped, but there are over 2,200 peer-reviewed scientific studies suggesting that his lifestyle was very conducive to his recovery. 
Instead of spending more than $120,000 on pharmaceutical 'cures' which don't necessarily work, he likely spent a few bucks every week on wine, fruit, and vegetables. He also happened to avoid the cost of an American funeral . 
So, in essence, he spent less to live, than to die at the hands of modern, Western medicine. 
' I found my friends in the village where I was born, and we started drinking. I thought, at least I'll die happy, ” he said when first given his death-sentence.

ARTICLE

  Edmondo Burr in Weird //  NASA's space cameras have accidentally filmed another unidentified flying object ( UFO ) travelling out of earth's atmosphere. 
The question is why did the space agency not turn off the live feed or try to cover up, as it usually does with UFOs and aliens? 
A disk-shaped UFO appears in the video giving support to the theory that extraterrestrial beings and their crafts are continuously visiting earth. 
Ancient Code reports: 
Ever since the footage was uploaded to YouTube, it generated great controversy both among those who support the idea that it might be an extraterrestrial object, as among those who are completely skeptical of the subject, and as a joke suggest that 'UFO's that are planning on entering our air space should be registered and pay taxes.” 
The truth is that on many occasions only fragments of videos in which these mystery objects are visible are released. 
However, the fact that NASA interrupts its live feed transmissions is what arouses more suspicion among those who are eager to find new evidence of the existence of alien life, UFO's and how we are all part of a massive conspiracy. 
One user wrote on YouTube: 
'The question isn't ' is this an alien spacecraft? ”, but actually 'Why NASA didn't cut or blur this video as they always do with other strange sights?” 
According to many people, in today's era, it isn't a question anymore whether or not UFO's are real. 
In fact, if we look back into the past we will see numerous fascinating statements made by former astronauts, military officials and scientists about Alien life and the existence of UFOs. 
Here are only a few: 
'Intelligent beings from other star systems have been and are visiting our planet Earth. They are variously referred to as Visitors, Others, Star People, Et's, etc…They are visiting Earth now; this is not a matter of conjecture or wistful thinking.” – Theodor C. Loder III, Ph.D., Professor Emeritus of Earth Sciences, University of New Hampshire. 
We cannot address the UFO phenomena without mentioning Dr. Edgar Mitchel, one of the best-known Apollo astronauts and the sixth man to walk on the moon; a retired Captain in the US Navy, aeronautical engineer and founder of the Institute of Noetic Sciences (IONS) who had much to say about Alien life: 'I happen to be privileged enough to be in on the fact that we have been visited on this planet, and the UFO phenomenon is real…Yes, there have been crashed craft, and bodies recovered. We are not alone in the universe; they have been coming here for a long time.” 
Franklin Story Musgrave, an American Physician, retired NASA astronaut who worked on the design and development of the Skylab Program and the only astronaut to have flown missions on all five Space Shuttles had very interesting things to say about life elsewhere in the cosmos: 'Statistically it's a certainty there are hugely advanced civilizations, intelligence, life forms out there. I believe they're so advanced that they're even doing interstellar travel. I believe it's possible that they even came here. It's logical to presume the universe must have other life in it and by virtue of association that we could be visited at some point.”

ARTICLE

  Carol Adl in News , World //  
Russia has failed to win re-election to the United Nations Human Rights Council. 
President Putin was beaten by Hungary and Croatia in a vote by the 193-member U.N. General Assembly on Friday. 
For the first time since its inception in 2006, Russia will not be a member of the UN Human Rights Council (UNHRC) after being narrowly beaten by Croatia in a vote. 
More than 80 human rights and aid organizations had urged UN member-states to vote Russia off the council because of its military support to President Bashar al-Assad during the crisis in Syria. 
Saudi Arabia on the other hand was successfully re-elected despite criticism from human rights organizations. 
RT reports: 
Saudi Arabia sailed through the Asian ballot with 152 votes, and will represent the region on the UNHRC alongside China, Japan and Iraq for the next three years. 
South Africa, Rwanda, Egypt and Tunisia were chosen from the African group, Cuba and Brazil from Latin America and the Caribbean, and the US and the UK will represent the Western bloc, which comprises Western Europe and North America. 
Over the next term, which will last between 2017 and 2019, the 14 chosen members will be tasked with formulating the UN's official position on conflicts occurring around the world, as well as the domestic policies of member states. 
The elections took place against a backdrop of criticism from non-governmental human rights organizations, who say that the body has been hijacked by oppressive regimes looking to deflect criticism and drive their own agendas. 
Human Rights Watch and Amnesty International produced a joint statement earlier this year condemning Riyadh for 'an appalling record of violations” in Yemen, where it has conducted a bombing campaign against Houthi rebels since 2015, which has resulted in the deaths of up to 4,000 civilians. The two organizations called for Saudi Arabia, a member of the UNHRC since it was created in 2006, to be suspended – to no avail. 
Saudi Arabia used its power in the council to block an outside inquiry into the campaign last month, while leading a successful resolution that placed the responsibility of investigating human rights abuses in the hands of its allies, the exiled Yemeni government. 
Saudi Arabia carried out 157 executions domestically last year – the highest number in two decades, and is on pace to match the number this year. Critics of the regime have often faced detention, while women do not enjoy autonomy and equal status before the law.

ARTICLE

  Sean Adl-Tabatabai in News , US //  
The FBI has announced it will reopen it's investigation into Hillary Clinton's use of a private email server whilst serving as Secretary of State. 
The news was broken on Friday morning by Jason Chaffetz, Chairman of the United States House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
In a tweet Chaffetz confirmed that the FBI had learned about the existence of additional emails that appear 'pertinent to the investigation”. FBI Dir just informed me, "The FBI has learned of the existence of emails that appear to be pertinent to the investigation." Case reopened 
— Jason Chaffetz (@jasoninthehouse) October 28, 2016 
FBI Director James Comey told members of Congress on Friday that new emails had been discovered and that he had instructed officers to reopen the case so they could investigate. 
Though Comey had previously recommended no criminal charges for the Democratic presidential candidate in July, the discovery of new emails opens up the possibility that Hillary Clinton could be indicted for mishandling classified information. 
Theguardian.com reports: 
'In connection with an unrelated case, the FBI has learned of the existence of emails that appear to be pertinent to the investigation,” Comey wrote. 'I am writing to inform you that the investigative team briefed me on this yesterday, and I agreed that the FBI should take appropriate investigative steps designed to allow investigators to review these emails to determine whether they contain classified information as well as to assess their importance to our investigation.” 
Comey added: 'Although the FBI cannot yet assess whether or not this material may be significant and I cannot predict how long it will take to complete this additional work, I believe it is important to update your Committees about our efforts in light of my previous testimony.” 
The letter comes 11 days before the presidential election and nearly four months after Comey announced the FBI would not recommend criminal charges against Clinton for her 'extremely careless” use of a private email server while secretary of state. The FBI director said then: 'Although there is evidence of potential violations of the statutes … our judgment is that no reasonable prosecutor would bring such a case.” 
The controversy over Clinton's use of a private email server while at the state department has loomed over her candidacy since before she even announced her intent to seek the White House in April. 
The Clinton campaign did not immediately respond to a request for comment. BIG: The FBI is reopening its investigation into @HillaryClinton 's email server. Here's the letter from the FBI to Congress: pic.twitter.com/OKjipTeiJp

ARTICLE

  Carol Adl in News , UK //  
Former prime minister Tony Blair suggested Britain should keep its 'options open” over Brexit and that might mean a second referendum. 
During an interview with the BBC on Friday the former Labour leader said it may be a chance to reverse the Brexit 'catastrophe”. 
However, the current PM Theresa May rejected Blair's appeal for a Brexit rethink and insisted there would be no second running of the historic EU referendum. 
The Express reports: 
The former Labour leader argued the British people must be able to 'change our minds” despite a majority voting for Brexit on June 23. 
Long-time europhile Mr Blair suggested Britain's departure from the EU could be blocked 'either through parliament, or through an election, possibly through another referendum”. 
He claimed recent talks with French president Francois Hollande had convinced him the 'catastrophe” of Brexit would lead to 'very, very tough” negotiations with the Brussels-based bloc. 
But Downing Street dismissed Mr Blair's appeal for a Brexit rethink and insisted there would be no second running of the historic EU referendum. 
A Number 10 spokesman also brushed off concerns Mr Blair appeared to have been plotting with Mr Hollande. 
He said: 'Tony Blair is entitled to put his views to whom he so chooses. 
'But what's important is the PM has been absolutely clear – the British people have spoken, we are listening, we're going to leave the European Union. 
'And not only has the PM been clear here but she's also been clear when she's met European leaders. 
'There will be no second referendum, Britain is leaving the EU.” 
Prime Minister Theresa May has repeatedly promised to lead Britain out of the EU, introduce controls on EU freedom of movement and end the meddling of EU judges on British laws. 
Despite more than 17million voters backing Brexit, Mr Blair has insisted he is not trying to ignore the will of the British people. 
He suggested as Brexit negotiations take place and 'facts” come to light the British public's wishes could 'shift”. 
Earlier this month, Mr Blair hinted he could return to UK politics following his exile since quitting Downing Street.

ARTICLE

  Carol Adl in News //  
Hundreds of police in riot gear with heavy military equipment have evicted Dakota Access Pipeline protesters from their encampment on private land in the US state of North Dakota. Police have protesters more or less surrounded. #noDAPL pic.twitter.com/G4xGQuXpZM 
— Jason Patinkin (@JasonPatinkin) October 27, 2016 
The police reportedly arrested at least 141 Native Americans and other demonstrators who are seeking to halt construction of a controversial oil pipeline. 
Press TV reports 
At least 141 protesters were arrested on Thursday evening and Friday morning as officers attempt to clear a camp on private property in the path of the proposed $3.8 billion Dakota Access Pipeline, the Morton County Sheriff's Department said in a statement. 
Officers in riot helmets used pepper spray and shot beanbag rounds on some of the estimated 330 protesters as helicopters flew overhead. 
Demonstrators also allegedly set a car and some tires on fire, giving the scene a war zone-like appearance. 
The protesters have been demonstrating for several months, and dozens have been arrested. Police expect additional protests, and possibly more arrests, in the coming days. 
Native American protesters had occupied the property that crosses the pipeline's path since Monday in an effort to stop Energy Transfer Partners' construction of the Dakota Access Pipeline. 
The pipeline has infuriated the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe and environmental activists who say it threatens the region's water supply and sacred tribal sites. The tribe's reservation is close to the pipeline's route. 
North Dakota Governor Jack Dalrymple said police were successful in clearing the camp. 'Private property is not the place to carry out a peaceful protest,” he said. 
Demonstrators, however, say they aren't trespassing on private property, citing an 1851 treaty with the US government that says the land belongs to Native American tribes. 
The Native American-led protest has grown into a larger movement in the United States, drawing in other tribes, environmentalists and advocates for Native Americans. 
The federal government has twice asked the pipeline operator to voluntarily pause construction near the tribe's reservation while the authorities reconsider the project's route. But courts have refused to compel a halt. 
The chairman of the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe criticized law enforcement's 'militarized” response to the activists. 'Militarized law enforcement agencies moved in on water protectors with tanks and riot gear today. We continue to pray for peace,” Dave Archambault II said in a statement Thursday evening.

ARTICLE

  Edmondo Burr in Weird //  A male Chinese boss has come under fire for ordering his female workers to perform a daily kissing ritual. 
The female workers of a Beijing company are forced to line up every morning and give their boss a kiss. 
The creepy Chinese boss forces his female employees to kiss him every morning, claiming that it fosters good relationships among colleagues. 
Daily Trends reports: 
Women working at a company that sells home brewery machinery, in Tongzhou District, Beijing, are required to line up between 9:00 and 9:30 each morning to kiss their boss. And we're not talking about a little, innocent smooch on the cheek, although that would be pretty weird as well, but a kiss on the lips. China Press reports that while the women were initially reluctant to accept the bizarre daily ritual, they eventually gave in to the boss' demands in order to keep their jobs. Only two of the company's female workers refused to kiss their boss on the mouth and chose to resign instead. According to Chinese media reports, over half the unnamed company's staff members are women. 
Facing increasing pressure from both the media and the general public, the boss explained that he picked up the idea for the daily morning kiss while visiting a company in the United States, and claimed that the disgusting daily ceremony helps 'foster good relationships among colleagues”, allowing him and his female staff to get along 'like fish and water”. Not only that, but he says that some of his women worker genuinely miss him when he is away, and send him messages on WeChat. 
Needless to say that the boss' explanation didn't really satisfy the millions of social media users outraged by the viral video of him kissing his female staff. 
'How can these female workers accept this? Do their boyfriends or husbands know?” one person commented on Weibo, China's version of Twitter. 'I want to ask these female workers: Do you have no money? Would you starve if you changed jobs?” another added. 
And while all of them condemned the man for his sleazy rule, some said that the women carried some of the blame as well, just for putting up with the situation. 'The boss is a perv, but the workers are foolish,” someone wrote.

ARTICLE

  //  Clinton campaign in crisis after FBI agents uncover Hillary emails among sexts to underage girls on Anthony Weiner's phone. 
The new Hillary Clinton emails uncovered by the FBI were discovered on electronic devices belonging to Huma Abedin and her husband, Anthony Weiner . 
The devices were seized by the FBI as they investigate allegations Weiner sent illicit sexual messages to underage girls. 
The New York Times reports that ' The F.B.I. is investigating illicit text messages that Mr. Weiner sent to a 15-year-old girl in North Carolina. The bureau told Congress on Friday that it had uncovered new emails related to the Clinton case — one federal official said they numbered in the thousands — potentially reigniting an issue that has weighed on the presidential campaign and offering a lifeline to Donald J. Trump less than two weeks before the election. ' 
Huma Abedin, Hillary's closest aide, separated from her husband Weiner recently after it was revealed he conducted an online affair with an underage girl – the latest in a long line of scandals for the former congressman. 
The FBI informed Congress that while analyzing Weiner's phone agents had uncovered new Hillary Clinton emails related to the investigation into whether Clinton and her aides mishandled classified information. 
The announcement has breathed new life into the Trump campaign – and proved the Republican nominee was eerily accurate with an old prediction. In a statement on his website immediately after the Abedin-Weiner split, Trump questioned Hillary's judgement in allowing someone like Weiner into her circle of trust: 
DONALD J. TRUMP STATEMENT ON HILLARY CLINTON'S BAD JUDGMENT ' Huma is making a very wise decision. I know Anthony Weiner well, and she will be far better off without him. I only worry for the country in that Hillary Clinton was careless and negligent in allowing Weiner to have such close proximity to highly classified information. Who knows what he learned and who he told? It's just another example of Hillary Clinton's bad judgment. It is possible that our country and its security have been greatly compromised by this.” – Donald J. Trump 
And previously, in an Aug. 3 tweet: It came out that Huma Abedin knows all about Hillary's private illegal emails. Huma's PR husband, Anthony Weiner, will tell the world.

ARTICLE

  Edmondo Burr in Middle East , News , World //  For the first time ever China and U.S. ally Saudi Arabia have held joint military drills. 
In an effort to expand security ties and combat international terrorism, China and Saudi Arabia have held their first joint military drills, Chinese state media reported Thursday. 
Anti Media reports: 
' Special forces from China and Saudi Arabia have held their first joint anti-terrorism drills, state media reported on Thursday, ” Reuters writes , in what amounts to ' China's latest effort to expand security ties with countries in the Middle East and its Muslim neighbors. ” 
While this may be the first time special forces from the two countries have worked together to fight terrorism, it isn't the first time such elite troops have coordinated. In fact, it isn't even the first time this month. 
From an October 14 report by Arab News : 
' Saudi and Chinese armed forces began the 'Exploration 2016' joint military exercise on Wednesday. 
'Special Forces of the Royal Saudi Land Forces and their counterparts in the Red Army were involved in the war games in the Chinese city of Chengdu. ” 
In a speech given during the drill's launching ceremony, Lieutenant Colonel Walid Ettalhi ' stressed that the two countries' relationship is based on ties of brotherhood, friendship and the great history, ” according to Arab News . 
' The exercises aim to exchange experiences between the two sides in specialized areas. This comes within the framework of military cooperation between the two countries, and is an extension of the strong relationship between the Kingdom and the People's Republic of China, ” the Lt. Col. said. 
October's joint military drills come after China and Saudi Arabia inked 17 cooperative agreements at the tail end of August. According to China's Xinhua news agency, deals covered a wide range of areas, including ' politics, energy, finance, investment, housing, water resources, quality inspection, science, technology and culture. ” 
The news of China buddying up with Saudi Arabia in such ways may be jarring to some, as it doesn't conform to the mainstream narrative of Saudi Arabia as an unwavering U.S. outpost in the Middle East — one that could never work with the likes of China, the principle ally of the big bad Russians. 
But then, neither does the idea that the Russians would be willing to work with U.S. ally Saudi Arabia. And yet, it appears this is precisely what's about to happen. 
On Sunday, it was reported that Saudi Arabia is now ready to cooperate with Russia in an effort to stabilize global oil prices. Russia, it seems, is receptive to the idea, with its energy minister viewing the invitation as a ' clear indication of a sincere desire to continue cooperation and coordination with the oil producing and exporting countries for more stability in the market. ” 
Earlier this week, Anti-Media put forth the idea that the Russian fleet now steaming toward the Mediterranean Sea may have designs far beyond the fighting in Syria. It may, in fact, be Russian President Vladimir Putin's first military step toward securing the long-desired Turkish Stream pipeline. 
That report was followed up by an article on Underground Reporter that explored the notion further. Citing recent deals with India, Pakistan, and Vietnam — not to mention those with formerly staunch U.S. allies such as Turkey, Egypt and the Philippines — that piece concluded that Putin, in coordination with China, may be making a play for the coastline of the entire northern Indian Ocean. 
Whether or not this is true, certain things are becoming clear. Most apparent, though, is that the mainstream narratives are breaking down. If this weren't the case, Saudi Arabia wouldn't be extending an olive branch to Russia — and Chinese special forces wouldn't now training with those of the Saudis in an atmosphere of ' brotherhood, friendship and the great history. ”

ARTICLE

  Edmondo Burr in Conspiracies //  The two earthquakes that hit Italy Wednesday were ' retribution ” for the country's support of a UNESCO resolution that disregards the Jewish connection to Jerusalem and the Temple Mount, according to Israeli Deputy Minister Ayoob Kara (Likud). 
Israel suspended its ties with the UN cultural agency after it adopted a draft resolution this month, that Israel says denies Judaism's connections to the religion's holiest sites. 
The deputy minister, who was in Italy when the earthquakes struck, ascribed the natural disasters to divine will. 
RT.com reports: 
' I'm sure that the earthquake happened because of the UNESCO decision, ” Kara, a member of the ruling Likud Party, wrote in a memo, Ynetnews website reported. 
Ironically, the Israeli politician was on a state visit to the Vatican when the quakes hit central Italy on Wednesday, killing one and injuring 10 people. 
Earlier the same day, UNESCO (United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization), passed a resolution criticizing Israel for its handling of the holy site in Jerusalem – called Temple Mount by Jews, and Haram al-Sharif by Muslims. 
The document was adopted after heated debate over its wording, and particularly the Arabic names used in the document. Italy was among the nations voting in favor of the resolution. 
Israel blasted UNESCO and its Arab members for trying to undermine Jewish connections to the holy site. 
Kara arrived in the Vatican in a fruitless effort to avert the resolution, but still managed to have a small chat with the leader of the Catholic Church. 
According to Kara, Pope Francis ' strongly disagreed ” with the resolution. 
' He (the Pope) even said publicly that the holy land is connected to the Nation of Israel, ” the deputy minister stressed. 
As for surviving the natural disaster, the Israeli politician said that ' going through the earthquake was not the most comfortable of experiences, but we trusted that the Holy See would keep us safe. ”

ARTICLE

  Baxter Dmitry in Health //  
Flu shots are the greatest medical fraud in history. They contain formaldehyde and mercury – two powerful neurotoxins – and the vaccine industry even admits that laboratory tests prove the popular jab does not work. 
Why is a toxic, medical hoax, backed by nothing but voodoo faith-based dogma and clever marketing, pushed on the whole population every year? 
Vaccines are the one medicine where no scientific evidence of safety or efficacy is required by anyone: not the FDA, not the CDC and not the media. Congress even passed a law protecting the vaccine industry with absolute legal immunity, even when they manufacture and sell defective products that injure and kill people. 
And vaccine manufacturers have been lying to us for years about toxic levels of mercury in flu shots. Everybody knows mercury is toxic to inject into the human body. That's not debated except by irrational anti-science denialists. So why won't manufacturers remove the mercury 
SEE THE EVIDENCE FOR YOURSELF 
Mike Adams reports : 
To prove the presence of mercury in influenza vaccines, I'm going to show you four irrefutable pieces of evidence: 
1) Photographs of a 2013 / 2014 influenza vaccine box admitting, in very small print, to the addition of mercury to the vaccine as a preservative. 
2) Photographs of the influenza vaccine insert once again repeating the admission that the vaccine contains mercury. 
3) A screen shot from the Centers for Disease Control website which admits that vaccines still contain the following ingredients: Aluminum, Antibiotics, Egg Protein, Formaldehyde, Monosodium Glutamate (MSG) and Thimerosal, a mercury-containing chemical compound. 
4) Lab results from the Natural News Forensic Food Lab which confirmed almost precisely the same level of mercury claimed by the manufacturer (GlaxoSmithKline). 
Before I show you the irrefutable evidence, there is some good news in all this testing. As part of this investigation, I tested several different vaccines, including an HPV vaccine. Mercury levels were extremely low in these other vaccines. Only the flu shot contained extremely high mercury levels. 
INFLUENZA VACCINE BOX ADMITS SAFETY NEVER ESTABLISHED FOR PREGNANT WOMEN 
As you can see below, the box for this Flulaval Influenza Virus Vaccine readily admits the use of thimerosal which contains mercury. (Of course, you have to use a magnifying glass to see this.) In microscopic text on the package insert, it says straight out, 'Register women who receive Flulaval while pregnant in the pregnancy registry by calling 1-888-452-9622.” 
Yet, at the same time, the insert also admits that 'safety and efficacy have not been established in pregnant women.” 
In other words, this vaccine containing mercury is being promoted for use in pregnant women even when no safety in pregnant women has ever been established. 
It's also important to note that when people are being given flu shots, they are never handed the package or the insert , so they have no opportunity to read any of this information unless they specifically ask for it. 
It's not like a food item with a 'Nutrition Facts” label. Vaccines are sold in 'stealth” mode where patients have no idea what's in them and no opportunity to read possible warnings. 
As further proof of this point, consider the fact that this flu vaccine comes with only one insert , yet it's a 10-dose vial intended to be injected into 10 different people. Clearly, if there's only one insert but 10 people, then 9 out of 10 people can't possibly be handed the insert. 
UNETHICAL MEDICINE ADMINISTERED WITHOUT INFORMED CONSENT (A VIOLATION OF MEDICAL ETHICS) 
In fact, from a legal perspective, vaccines are routinely injected into people without informed consent. Virtually no one administering vaccines ever explains the risks vs. benefits of vaccines as is required under medical ethics and state medical law. In nearly all cases, patients are simply hoodwinked and told there are no risks at all. 
The second piece of evidence to reveal here is the package insert for the influenza vaccine, a document printed in microscopic text that's almost impossible to read without a magnifying glass. 
Of course, the intention is that no one ever read this document, because it contains shocking admissions of the total quackery and marketing deception behind flu shots. 
As you can see from this snapshot, the package insert readily admits that each vaccine dose 'contains 50 mcg thimerosal (<25 mcg mercury).” 
In case you're wondering, 'mcg” means micrograms. A microgram is 1/1000th of a milligram. Mercury is toxic at any dose when injected into the body, even in micrograms. There is no such thing as a 'safe” form of mercury when injected. In fact, the ethyl form of mercury used in vaccines is many times more toxic than methyl form once it enters human cells. Click here for a fascinating interview with mercury toxicity expert Dr. Chris Shade who explains this extremely important concept. 
The same paragraph shown above also admits the vaccine contains formaldehyde, a potent neurotoxic chemical. 
VACCINE INSERT ADMITS SAFETY AND EFFECTIVENESS HAVE NEVER BEEN ESTABLISHED 
What's even more astonishing about this insert is that it openly admits the flu shot is a complete medical hoax, backed by nothing but voodoo woo woo faith-based dogma (and clever marketing). 
Here are actual words from the insert (which is much more lengthy than the snapshot shown above): 
'There have been no controlled trials adequately demonstrating a decrease in influenza disease after vaccination with Flulaval.” 
'Safety and effectiveness of Flulaval have not been established in pregnant women, nursing mothers or children.” 
'Safety and effectiveness of Flulaval in pediatric patients have not been established.” 
'Flulaval has not been evaluated for carcinogenic or mutagenic potential, or for impairment of fertility.” 
'Do not administer Flulaval to anyone… following previous administration of any influenza vaccine.” 
CDC ADMITS USE OF MERCURY, MSG, FORMALDEHYDE 
For those 'mercury denialists” who still can't believe flu shots given to pregnant women contain high concentrations of toxic mercury, even the CDC reluctantly admits this fact on its own website. 
Here's a screen shot from the CDC's vaccine additives page , which miraculously hasn't yet been removed from their site: 
LABORATORY RESULTS FROM THE FORENSIC FOOD LAB 
The final piece of irrefutable evidence on all this comes from my own scientific laboratory, where I run ICP-MS instrumentation to test foods, beverages, dietary supplements and other items for heavy metals contamination. 
I was the first food researcher to document high levels of tungsten in brown rice protein, and I've exposed alarming levels of lead in pet treats. I've also exposed high lead in ginkgo biloba herbal supplements imported from China. 
When I finally got around to testing vaccines, I was shocked to find over 51,000 ppb mercury in the Influenza Virus Vaccine. 
Why was I shocked? Because I don't recall ever seeing anything run through my ICP-MS instrument with that high a concentration of mercury. The mercury in this flu vaccine was the HIGHEST concentration of mercury I've ever seen in anything, period! 
And this is a product that's injected directly into the bodies of pregnant women, where mercury goes right into the developing fetus. 
What's even more interesting is that this finding once again confirms the accuracy of my lab instrumentation because it's almost in perfect agreement with the level of mercury detailed on the vaccine package insert. 
Let's do the math: 
* Each dose of an influenza vaccine is 0.5 mL in volume * My lab found just over 50 ppm of mercury in the vaccine liquid. * 50 ppm (concentration) x 0.5 mL (volume) equals 25 mcg of mercury. 
Guess what the package insert says? (Up to) 25 mcg of mercury per dose. Near-perfect agreement, in other words. My finding of 51 ppm rather than 50 ppm either means my own tests were off by about 2% (which is still considered very accurate for ICP-MS testing) or that GSK put 2% extra mercury into the vaccine. 
And just so you know I actually did the tests, here's what else we found with other analytes: 
Aluminum: 0.4 ppm Cadmium: zero Lead: zero 
So, I can confidently say that the flu vaccine won't poison you with lead, cadmium or arsenic because it contains none of those things. Even the aluminum level is quite low and not a concern at this very low level. The real problem is just the mercury, at least as far as elements go. 
WHY WON'T VACCINE MAKERS REMOVE THE MERCURY? 
Good question. Everybody knows mercury is toxic to inject into the human body. That's not debated except by irrational anti-science denialists who refuse to acknowledge the Table of Elements. 
You have to wonder: why choose mercury as a preservative? And why do both the CDC and FDA continue to look the other way as an entire branch of modern medicine poisons our women and children with a neurotoxic heavy metal? 
And if vaccine promoters, propagandists and patent holders want the world to accept all their vaccines, why don't they just remove the mercury and be done with it? If they take out all the toxic elements, resistance to vaccines would all but evaporate. 
WHY VACCINES ARE THE 'ANTI-SCIENCE” MEDICAL VOODOO OF THE MODERN WORLD 
Ever wonder why they don't conduct legitimate clinical trials on flu vaccine efficacy? Probably because they know the results would have to be faked to show any efficacy at all. That's what Merck did with its mumps vaccines, according to two former virologists who worked there. They spiked human blood samples with animal antibodies to fabricate positive results. Yep, vaccines work so poorly that even the manufacturers have to fake their own results to show any efficacy. 
Vaccines are the one medicine where no scientific evidence of safety or efficacy is required by anyone: not the FDA, not the CDC and not the media. Congress even passed a law protecting the vaccine industry with absolute legal immunity, even when they manufacture and sell defective products that injure and kill people. 
How's that for medicine we can all trust? Think about it: this is a product that contains multiple neurotoxins in very high concentrations; a product backed by no safety trials or efficacy data; a product linked to numerous serious adverse reactions; and yet a product that enjoys absolute legal immunity thanks to the U.S. government. 
If that's not outright medical quackery, I don't know what is. 
For the record, I'm not an opponent of all vaccines. But I do believe — as do a rapidly increasing number of other clear-thinking people — that medicine should not poison our women and children . It's time for mercury to be removed from all vaccines, once and for all. Anything less is medical negligence. 
NEW VIDEO INTERVIEW ABOUT FLU SHOT FAILURES 
Ultimately, We the People will be victorious in the removal of mercury from all vaccines — an idea that's already well accepted across much of Europe. And when that day comes, it will be yet another victory for the amazing community of millions of remarkable people working together for the protection of our children, our health and our world.

ARTICLE

Stock Market Plunges As FBI Re-Open Clinton Investigation Wall Street is gripped by fear the "system is about to be shaken up", analysts say Posted on October 29, 2016 by Baxter Dmitry in News , US //  
The stock market plunged as the FBI announced it is reopening the investigation into Hillary Clinton's use of private e-mail and mishandling of classified information, a politically explosive development just 11 days before the presidential election. FBI Dir just informed me, "The FBI has learned of the existence of emails that appear to be pertinent to the investigation." Case reopened 
— Jason Chaffetz (@jasoninthehouse) October 28, 2016 
' In connection with an unrelated case, the FBI has learned of the existence of emails that appear to be pertinent to the investigation ,” Director James Comey said in a letter to committee chairmen in Congress. ' I agreed that the FBI should take appropriate investigative steps designed to allow investigators to review these emails to determine whether they contain classified information. ” 
Endless scandals 
Comey said he can't say how long the new investigation will take – raising the possibility that Clinton could go into Election Day on Nov. 9 with the new probe unresolved and still hanging over her campaign. 
The Dow Jones plunged 150 points as news of the investigation broke. Bloomberg reported , ' U.S. stocks erased gains as markets again showed themselves sensitive to perceptions about Clinton's prospects. The Mexican peso dropped, a reflection of Trump's plan to renegotiate trade pacts with the country and reduce immigration. ' 
Impeachment 
There was also turmoil in betting markets, as the odds on a Trump presidency rose by double digits. Odds on a President Hillary Clinton being impeached in her first term also skyrocketed, as the Democratic nominee faces up to a future engulfed by endless scandal. On Thursday Clinton warned her supporters the next 11 days will be rocky – but the bumpy ride will continue long after the election. 
Though Hillary remains favorite with betting markets, the pattern is remarkably similar to odds for Brexit in the weeks before the vote. The Remain camp was considered a certainty until weeks before the referendum, with a sharp dive in the last week. Analysts believe a repeat of the British anti-establishment vote is on the cards. 
One of Hillary Clinton's most vocal critics on the business side is finance commentator and markets expert Jim Rickards. Jim is on a world tour promoting his book, 'The Road to Ruin – The Global Elites' Secret Plan for the Next Financial Crisis' and gave an interesting interview on ABC Australia. 
Rickards says that the polls are misleading and Trump ' will probably win ” and, if he does stock markets, so heavily invested in a Clinton win will crash 10% and gold will rise $100 over night. 
'Bigger than Watergate” 
Trump celebrated the FBI's decision at a Friday afternoon rally in New Hampshire. 
' This is bigger than Watergate ,” Trump told the crowd, which began chanting ' lock her up ” after he told them about the probe. 
' I have great respect that the FBI and Department of Justice have the courage to right the horrible mistake that they made ,” Trump said. ' This was a grave miscarriage of justice that the American people fully understood .” 
House Speaker Paul Ryan, a Wisconsin Republican, said in a statement that ' This decision, long overdue, is the result of her reckless use of a private email server, and her refusal to be forthcoming with federal investigators. ”

ARTICLE

Posted on October 29, 2016 by Sean Adl-Tabatabai in News , US //  
An artificial intelligence (AI) system that correctly predicted the last three Presidents has now predicted that Donald Trump will win the 2016 election. 
The MogIA system has calculated that Donald Trump will not only win the election, but will prove to be a more popular choice than Barack Obama was in 2008. 
CNBC reports: 
MogIA was developed by Sanjiv Rai, the founder of Indian start-up Genic.ai. 
It takes in 20 million data points from public platforms including Google, Facebook, Twitter and YouTube in the U.S. and then analyzes the information to create predictions. 
The AI system was created in 2004, so it has been getting smarter all the time. 
It had already correctly predicted the results of the Democrat and Republican Primaries. 
Data such as engagement with tweets or Facebook Live videos have been taken into account. 
The result is that Trump has overtaken the engagement numbers of Barack Obama's peak in 2008 – the year he came into power – by 25 percent.

ARTICLE

*Sent:* Thursday, October 1, 2015 7:20 PM *To:* Robby Mook <re47@hillaryclinton.com>; Oren Shur < oshur@hillaryclinton.com> *Cc:* John Podesta <john.podesta@gmail.com> *Subject:* RE: Benghazi – paid media update 
'If the objective is purely to undermine the Benghazi hearings, I think these spots will certainly help do that.” 
'Maybe I'm on my own here, but fwiw: I fully heard what HRC was saying, and understand the case for doing this – but I think it would be a mistake to pull down the spots we just went up with in IA/NH and make the entire dialogue about scandal/hearings/email.” 
'All three TV firms are script writing, we'll review drafts tomorrow afternoon. Research had pulled for us some of our best news clips.” 
'The trick, of course, is to connect Benghazi to emails in a way that's credible.” 
'…we really need to understand whether voters will believe that we can credibly conflate Benghazi and emails.”

ARTICLE

Posted on October 29, 2016 by Baxter Dmitry in News , US //  
Hillary Clinton proposed rigging a foreign election in a 2006 meeting with Jewish Press editors, and now the leaked audio has been posted on the web to prove it. 
Speaking to the editorial board of the Jewish Press at their office in Brooklyn, Clinton also said it was a mistake to allow Palestinians to hold a democratic election. 
' I do not think we should have pushed for an election in the Palestinian territories. I think that was a big mistake ,” said Senator Clinton. ' And if we were going to push for an election, then we should have made sure that we did something to determine who was going to win. ” 
The audio tape was never released and has only been heard by the small handful of Jewish Press staffers in the room. According to Eli Chomsky, an editor and writer, his audiocassette is the only recording of the meeting. 
Nobody had heard it since 2006 – until today when he released it to the world. However mainstream media have attempted to blacklist the story, and Control The Record employees have been actively working to remove it from internet forums and social media. 
The tape is 45 minutes and contains much that is no longer relevant, but Clinton's casually delivered comments about denying Palestinians democratic elections – stating that if they must have them, they should be rigged – has taken on new relevance in the midst of persistent allegations from Republicans that the Clinton camp is attempting to rig the Nov. 8 election. 
Fixing foreign elections 
Recalling the 2006 meeting, Chomsky says he was taken aback that ' anyone could support the idea—offered by a national political leader, no less—that the U.S. should be in the business of fixing foreign elections .” 
Clinton also discussed the problem of global terror, and articulated phrases that Trump has accused her being reluctant to use publicly. 
' I think you can make the case that whether you call it 'Islamic terrorism' or 'Islamo-fascism,' whatever the label is we're going to give to this phenomenon, it's a threat. It's a global threat. To Europe, to Israel, to the United States…Therefore we need a global response. It's a global threat and it needs a global response. 
Chomsky is then heard asking Clinton a question about potential conflict in Syria – and Clinton gives him an entirely different answer to the public position she is pushing now. In fact, she sounds just like Donald Trump does in 2016. 
' Do you think it's worth talking to Syria—both from the U.S. point [of view] and Israel's point [of view]? ” 
Clinton replied, ' You know, I'm pretty much of the mind that I don't see what it hurts to talk to people. As long as you're not stupid and giving things away. I mean, we talked to the Soviet Union for 40 years. They invaded Hungary, they invaded Czechoslovakia, they persecuted the Jews, they invaded Afghanistan, they destabilized governments, they put missiles 90 miles from our shores, we never stopped talking to them.” 
The conversation moves on, but then Clinton returns to the topic. ' But if you say, 'they're evil, we're good, [and] we're never dealing with them,' I think you give up a lot of the tools that you need to have in order to defeat them…So I would like to talk to you [the enemy] because I want to know more about you. Because if I want to defeat you, I've got to know something more about you. I need different tools to use in my campaign against you. That's my take on it. ” 
Chomsky said that he held onto the tapes for all of these years due the Jewish Press's reluctance to ' say anything offensive about anybody, ” but in the current election rigging climate he considered the contents of the tape to be in the national interest. 
' I went to my bosses at the time, ” Chomsky said. ' The Jewish Press had this mindset that they would not want to say anything offensive about anybody—even a direct quote from anyone—in a position of influence because they might need them down the road. My bosses didn't think it was newsworthy at the time. I was convinced that it was and I held onto it all these years .”

ARTICLE

  Edmondo Burr in Technology //  An artificially intelligent machine that predicted the outcomes of the last three U.S. presidential elections says Republican candidate Donald Trump is imminent to win. 
MogAI, an artificial intelligence (AI) system created in 2004 by Sanjiv Rai, founder of Indian startup Genic.ai correctly predicted the results of the Republican and Democratic Primaries. 
' If Trump loses, it will defy the data trend for the first time in the last 12 years, ” Raj told CNBC. 
The AI machine uses 20 million data sources from places like Google, Facebook, Twitter and YouTube to make its decisions. 
The Daily Express reports: 
From analysing engagement on social media platforms and search results, the machine believes that Mr Trump has overtaken Mr Obama's engagement numbers in 2008 – when the Democrat first came into power and his popularity was at its peak. 
Mr Rai says that the AI system has shown which candidate will win an election just by looking at engagement data. 
He told CNBC: 'If Trump loses, it will defy the data trend for the first time in the last 12 years since Internet engagement began in full earnest.” 
Despite Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton being ahead in most polls, Mr Rai says this data should remind her not to get complacent. 
However, the businessman does say that there are limitations in what can be achieved by MogAI. 
Mr Rai explains that just because someone engages with a tweet, for example, it doesn't necessarily mean that they support him. 
Furthermore, there are now more people on social media than in the last three elections for which MogAI was about, meaning that there could be more negative engagements which the machine would struggle to distinguish. 
Mr Rai said: 'If you look at the primaries, in the primaries, there were immense amount of negative conversations that happen with regards to Trump. 
'However, when these conversations started picking up pace, in the final days, it meant a huge game opening for Trump and he won the Primaries with a good margin.” 
Billionaire Mr Trump is now facing an uphill battle in his bid to become President of the US after a string of controversies dented his bid to beat Mrs Clinton in the race to the White House.

ARTICLE

  Carol Adl in News , UK //  
A Tory councillor believes that homeless people in Bradford city centre should be 'grabbed by scruff of the neck' and 'dealt with'. 
The comments by David Heseltine, a Conservative Party Councillor in Bradford caused outrage during a meeting of the Council's regeneration overview and scrutiny committee. He said : 
'The tramps and drunks sleeping in doorways. What we need to do is get them by the scruff of the neck and deal with them. People have said they'd go into Bradford if they were eliminated.” 
He claimed that while plans to redevelop the city centre were all well and good, the investment had been ruined by the homeless. 
So what exactly does Mr Heseltine envisage when he suggests grabbing the homeless 'by the scruff of the neck” and eliminating them? 
EvolvePolitics reports: 
Why Councillor Heseltine believes that perpetrating an assault on the homeless would rectify the problem is a mystery. He would be better advised to encourage his colleagues to work towards providing people with homes, opportunities for employment, improving mental health services and providing interventions for alcohol and drug addiction. 
The 'Nasty Party' Councillor said that he had spoken to people who claimed that they would not visit Bradford city centre due to the number of drinkers and beggars. 
Heseltine is correct in his assertion that Bradford council – like many other councils – places the town centre aesthetic above the needs of those that live in and around them. However, his suggestions for dealing with the problem of homelessness are utterly reprehensible. These are people, not dogs or vermin to be disposed of to make your town look just a little better. 
Most people are never more than three paychecks away from being homeless. Our elected representatives would be well advised to remember that.

ARTICLE

  Carol Adl in Middle East , News //  
Amnesty International have received credible witness and photographic evidence of white phosphorus projectiles exploding in the air over an area about 20 kilometres east of the Iraqi city Mosul. Evidence white phosphorus used in area near Mosul, Iraq posing deadly risk to civilians fleeing the fighting https://t.co/TWuLGbokS0 pic.twitter.com/BVROVe91i1 
— AmnestyInternational (@AmnestyOnline) October 28, 2016 
The human rights watchdog has urged the Iraqi government and US-backed coalition not to use white phosphorus in the vicinity of Mosul, warning of devastating health consequences for civilians who are trying to flee the ISIS held city. 
US forces were reported to be using white phosphorus recently in Iraq, though they insist they'd only done so in ways consistent with their interpretation of international law. 
White phosphorus is an incendiary substance which burns at extremely high temperatures upon exposure to air and is legally used both for smoke screens and for illumination in war zones. Its use in areas where civilians are present is however, considered a war crime. 
'White phosphorus can cause horrific injuries, burning deep into the muscle and bone. It is possible that some of it will only partially burn and could then reignite weeks after being deployed,” said Donatella Rovera, Senior Crisis Response Adviser at Amnesty International. 
RT reports: 
While alleging that Assyrian population of Karemlesh had fled the advance of the Islamic State (IS formerly known as ISIS/ISIL) terrorists in August 2014, Amnesty pointed out that during the operation to free Mosul, refugees fleeing towards Erbil will be forced to pass through the contaminated area. 
'We are urging Iraqi and coalition forces never to use white phosphorus in the vicinity of civilians. Even if civilians are not present at the time of its use, due to the residual risks they should not use airburst white phosphorus munitions unless it is absolutely necessary to achieve military objectives which cannot be accomplished through safer means,” Rovera said. 
Examining photographs taken by a New York Times photographer on October 20 and then interviewing him, Amnesty could not definitively conclude which forces used the white phosphorus munitions. 
'It is not clear whether the projectiles were fired by Iraqi central government forces, Peshmerga forces of the Kurdistan Regional Government (KRG), or forces belonging to members of the US-led coalition,” Amnesty said. 
But the NGO did conclude based on the photographic evidence that the explosion dispersal pattern 'appears consistent with the US-made 155-mm M825A1 projectile, which ejects 116 felt wedges containing white phosphorus over an area between 125 – 250 meters wide.” 
The watchdog called on the forces in the area not to use the highly-dangerous weapon or at the very least inform populations about the areas where it was used. 
'It is absolutely imperative that the forces using white phosphorus publicize details of areas potentially contaminated by the substance, to minimize the risk of accidental harm to civilians,” said Rovera. 
Iraqi and Kurdish forces, supported by the US-led international coalition launched an operation to retake Mosul on October 17. The fighting since then displaced an estimated 100,000 people, while up to 1.5 million people remain trapped in Mosul. 
Jihadists have taken 'tens of thousands” civilians hostage and are herding them towards the city of Mosul to use as human shields, the United Nations warned earlier. 
'Credible reports suggest that ISIL has been forcing tens of thousands of people from their homes in sub-districts around Mosul and have forcibly relocated numbers of civilians inside the city itself since the operation began on the 17th of October to restore Iraqi government control over Mosul,” said UN human rights spokeswoman Ravina Shamdasani on Friday.

ARTICLE

  Carol Adl in Middle East , News , US //  
Hillary Clinton proposed rigging the Palestinian parliamentary elections while she was a US senator in 2006, according to a newly emerged recording. 
The decade-old audio exposes then-Senator Hillary Clinton saying the US should have manipulated Palestinian parliamentary elections in 2006 to prevent a Hamas victory. 
The US Democratic presidential nominee lamented that the US didn't 'determine who was going to win.” 
The result of that election was a victory for the Palestinian resistance movement Hamas over the US-favored Fatah political party. 
RT reports: 
'I do not think we should have pushed for an election in the Palestinian territories. I think that was a big mistake,” then-New York Senator Clinton told the Jewish Press, a New York-based weekly newspaper, several months after the January election. 
'And if we were going to push for an election, then we should have made sure that we did something to determine who was going to win,” she said. 
Until Friday, the comment Clinton made on September 5, 2006, only existed on a private audio cassette belonging to journalist Eli Chomsky. An editor and a staff writer for the Jewish Press, he interviewed Clinton at the newspaper's office in Brooklyn. 
Chomsky, who shared and played the tape for the Observer, says it is the only existing copy of that meeting with Clinton, during which the Palestinian parliamentary election was among top topics. The comments have been posted on SoundCloud. 
Speaking to the news portal, he recalled being confused by the fact that 'anyone could support the idea — offered by a national political leader, no less — that the US should be in the business of fixing foreign elections.” 
The interview took place nine months after the Hamas movement claimed 76 of the 132 parliamentary seats, pushing aside the US-favored Fatah movement and securing the right to form a new cabinet. That victory was neither welcomed in Israel, nor in the US. In Washington, where Hamas is considered a terrorist organization, officials repeatedly stated that they would not work with a Palestinian Authority that included Hamas. 
Then-President George W. Bush spoke of the elections as symbolizing the 'power of democracy,” but refused to deal with Hamas as long as it opposed Israel's existence and espoused violence. 
That day in September 2006, Clinton made 'odd and controversial comments,” all now saved on the 45-minute record that Chomsky 'held onto all these years.” 
'I went to my bosses at the time,” Chomsky told the Observer. 'The Jewish Press had this mindset that they would not want to say anything offensive about anybody — even a direct quote from anyone — in a position of influence because they might need them down the road. My bosses didn't think it was newsworthy at the time. I was convinced that it was and I held onto it all these years.” 
The latest revelation comes after repeated accusations by the Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump who says that the media and the political establishment have rigged the 2016 election against him. 
It would seem that the crooked Mrs Clinton thinks nothing of rigging any election to suit her agenda.

ARTICLE

  Baxter Dmitry in News , World //  
Iceland's anti-establishment Pirate Party have plundered an historic victory in Iceland's general election and are set to form government as the senior partner in a coalition of alternative parties. 
The remaining votes are still being counted, but reports suggest Iceland will have a centre-left coalition of the Pirates and three, or possibly four, other non-establishment parties. Governments in Iceland are usually cobbled together coalitions, but the Pirates announced they will not consider working with a mainstream party. 
Birgitta Jónsdóttir, the Pirates' parliamentary leader, said her party is willing to form a government with any party that subscribes to its agenda of 'fundamental system change”, including the creation of a new, crowdsourced constitution. 
The extraordinary victory for the Pirates is the latest example of an outsider gatecrashing the establishment, as voters around the world continue to reject traditional politics as unfit for purpose in the 21st century. 
Founded in 2012 by former hackers, WikiLeaks collaborators, and activists, the Pirate Party won their first seat in the Althingi parliament one year later – and since then their popularity has exploded. 
'We have managed to catch and capture the spirit of change with so many young people in Iceland,” said Jonsdottir, who describes herself as a 'poetician.” 
'We are very much about modernizing our system, so that people don't fall through the cracks all the time.” 
Support for the movement surged to 43% in an April poll after the Panama Papers revealed that former Prime Minister Sigmundur David Gunnlaugsson held secret investments in offshore accounts — which led to some of the largest protests the country has ever seen. 
Named the 'Saucepan revolution” due to the making a racket in the streets with pots and pans, the massive protests removed the Prime Minister from office and kickstarted a societal change. 
Jonsdottir likens Iceland to Sicily in that it has been controlled by a mafia-like handful of elite families. But Icelanders have a deep distrust of the elite, and since the financial crash in 2008 and the Panama Papers revelations last year, the society has vowed enough is enough. 
Iceland has differed from the rest of Europe and the US by allowing bankers to be prosecuted as criminals , rather than treating them as a protected species. Top bankers were thrown in jail earlier this month after a long running case related to the 2008 crash. Now it seems the purge of the political class has begun. The Pirate Party flag next to the Jolly Roger. 
What will Pirates in parliament actually mean? 
CITIZENSHIP FOR EDWARD SNOWDEN 
The Pirates are against state surveillance in any form, and Edward Snowden is a national hero in Iceland. A resolution has been put forward to grant him citizenship of the wind-swept North Atlantic island. 
Are they worried granting a haven to the NSA whistleblower might rile Iceland's NATO ally in Washington? 
'Yeah, well we have done things that don't make other nations happy before,” she said. 'Sometimes it's a case of what's doing what is right versus what is easy.” 
BITCOIN CURRENCY 
The backlash against their bankers knows no bounds. Resentment runs deep, and adopting Bitcoin as the official currency will curtail the ability of banks to scam the people. The cryptocurrency is free, safe, is not inflationary, and a central government will never be able to take it off you. 
DECRIMINALIZATION OF DRUGS 
The Pirates want to adopt the ' Portuguese solution '. 15 years ago the Portuguese government did something that the United States and most countries around the world would find entirely alien. After many years of waging a fierce war on drugs, they decided to flip their strategy entirely. By decriminalizing all drugs, and treating addicts rather than punishing them, Portugal has drastically reduced the drug abuse in their country. 
DIRECT DEMOCRACY 
'We do not define ourselves as left or right but rather as a party that focuses on the systems,” Jónsdóttir has said. 'In other words, we consider ourselves hackers—so to speak—of our current outdated systems of government.” 
Did the Pirate Party campaign pushing any major legislation of its own? No, not really, because, according to Fortune magazine, 'the official party stance on some of Iceland's biggest political questions is unclear, in part, because its members believe in deferring to the wishes of voters.” That's called direct democracy. For the first time in their lives, Icelanders have voted a government into power who will not betray their promises 
There is a widespread hatred of central authority in Iceland, and the Pirates, with their anti-establishment beliefs and jaunty black-flag logo, are poised to take advantage of the dissident mood. They seem the perfect fit for a self-reliant country with a strong anti-authoritarian streak. 
'This is a society that is very loosely organized in many ways,” said Asgeir Jonsson, a University of Iceland economist. 'We don't have an army, we never had a king. We hate all central authority.”

ARTICLE

  Carol Adl in Middle East , News , US //  
According to President Assad's media adviser, the way the US-led coalition is conducting its operation in Mosul suggests that Washington may be planning to 'navigate” ISIS terrorists into Syria in accordance with its longstanding strategy for the region. 
Islamic State terrorists fleeing from Mosul into Syria would become a 'huge danger to our sovereignty, to our country,” Dr. Bouthaina Shaaban told RT adding that 'Russia and Syria are looking at this issue extremely seriously. We're not going to sit and watch… The way they encircle Mosul shows they would like these terrorists to move into to Syria…” 
RT reports: 
'They're navigating terrorism from one place to another, limiting terrorism in one place, directing it to another place. That's the absolute truth of what is happening in our region,” she explained. 
Western states only 'speak about fighting terrorism” and in meantime supply so-called 'moderates” who eagerly share Western aid with not so 'moderate” militants, according to the aide. 
'Unfortunately, Western partners speak about fighting terrorism, but they honestly do not. Quite the contrary, what they do on the ground is to supply weapons and armaments to terrorists whom they call 'moderate', while we know that on the ground there's no 'moderate terrorism.' They all exchange weapons and armaments on the ground. And they all constitute danger not only to Syria, but to the region and to mankind as well,” Shaaban said. 
'We see Western countries announcing that they will be supporting what they call 'Syrian moderates'. There are no 'Syrian moderates', they are carrying on butchering people. Those are not 'moderates' for sure.” 
A never-ending storm in Western media, which are trying to diminish all the counter-terrorism efforts of Damascus and its allies, is a deliberate campaign that started at the very beginning of the Syrian crisis, Shaaban said. It was always 'absolutely incredible, full of lies and falsifications” and totally 'irrelevant to reality.” 
'One of the great challenges we're facing in the 21st century is the Western corporate media, that is no longer a media that depends on investigation, or cares about its credibility, or cares about the truth. Give me the names of Western journalists who are on the ground on Syria and who are actually looking at what is happening and reporting to Western people…” 
The attempts to pin the alleged airstrike on an Idlib school on Damascus or Moscow is one of the most recent examples of that campaign. According to the Russian Defense Ministry, which debunked the Idlib 'hoax,” the latest smear campaign is waged with a purpose to diverse the attention of international community away from the 'war crimes committed by the US-led coalition” during the Mosul offensive. 
The US-led coalition and the US itself proved to be very untrustworthy partners in battling terrorism, unable to live up to their pledges, she said. 
'Russia signed an agreement with the United States and the United States was not able to implement its own agreement… The Pentagon prevented the White House from implementing an agreement.” 
Following Friday's meeting between Russian, Iranian and Syrian diplomats, Shaaban said Damascus is interested in attracting additional 'credible” partners to the alliance, in order to battle the 'most challenging” issue of our age. 
'We're in an alliance against terrorism, we're in a war against terrorism, we have so many joint interests among our countries. … [The meeting was] focused on what is the best way to try and gather more regional and international forces to truly and honestly engage in a battle against terrorism, as we all understand that terrorism is the most challenging issue for the humanity in the 21st century,” Assad's adviser said. 
Damascus believes more countries will join in the counter-terrorism alliance of Russia, Iran and Syria, Shaaban said. 
'I'm sure this nucleus of alliance is going to attract more countries. Now, if you think of India, or Brazil, or South Africa, or Algeria, or Tunisia, naturally you believe that there's no problem that these countries probably in the future joining… I'm sure there are many countries who would like to be more active, China for example, who should be more active in fighting terrorism.”

ARTICLE

  Edmondo Burr in News , US //  Adam Schwartz, a senior lawyer at the Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF). explains how the government spies on people using a powerful phone surveillance tool built by AT&T called Hemisphere. 
Every day AT&T stores billions of call records and sells the information to Sheriff's and police departments around the country who each pay upward of $1 million a year for the communications metadata. 
In his article AT&T Requires Police to Hide Hemisphere Phone Spying Schwartz says law enforcement officials kept Hemisphere ' under the radar ” for many years—hidden from courts, legislators, and the general public—until the New York Times exposed the program in 2013. 
Democracy Now interviews Adam Schwartz: 
New details are emerging about how AT&T has been spying on Americans for profit with a secret plan called Project Hemisphere. 
The Daily Beast reports AT&T is keeping private call records and selling the information to authorities investigating everything from the war on drugs to Medicaid fraud. 
AT&T reportedly has been retaining every call, text message, Skype chat or other communication that has passed through its infrastructure. Some of the records date back to 1987. 
Sheriff's and police departments each pay upward of $1 million a year for access to the call records. 
No warrants are needed, and AT&T requires governmental agencies to keep secret the source of the information. 
JUAN GONZÁLEZ : Well, all of this comes as new details are emerging about how AT&T has been spying on Americans for profit. The secret plan is called Project Hemisphere. The Daily Beast reports AT&T is keeping private call records and selling the information to authorities investigating everything from the war on drugs to Medicaid fraud. AT&T reportedly has been retaining every call, text message, Skype chat or other communications that passed through its infrastructure. Some of the records date back to 1987. Sheriff and police departments across the country each pay upwards of a million dollars a year for access to the call records. No warrants are needed, and AT&T requires governmental agencies to keep secret the source of information. 
AMY GOODMAN : A 2014 statement of work from AT&T to the city of Atlanta published by The Daily Beast outlines the secrecy AT&T demanded. It reads, quote, '[T]he Government agency agrees not to use the data as evidence in any judicial or administrative proceedings unless there is no other available and admissible probative evidence. The Government Agency shall make every effort to insure that information provided by the Contractor is non-attributable to AT&T if the data is provided to a third-party.” 
Well, for more, we want to bring in Adam Schwartz to this conversation, senior lawyer at the Electronic Frontier Foundation. His latest article , 'AT&T requires police to hide Hemisphere phone spying.” 
So, explain. What is this Project Hemisphere? 
ADAM SCHWARTZ : [inaudible] the largest known, possibly the biggest, database of telephone metadata that the government is using to spy on us. Every day, the database grows by literally 4 billion records. As you said, it has records going back to the 1980s. And police are using powerful algorithms to scrutinize this database of everyone that we are having telephone and other digital communications with, to discover our personal relationships, whether we're talking to a psychiatrist or a criminal defense lawyer or a union organizer on the telephone. We view this as a menace to our privacy. And one of the most disturbing features of it is how it has been kept a secret, so that the public and the courts and Congress cannot scrutinize this program and decide whether we even want it. 
JUAN GONZÁLEZ : Well, and how are they able to do this? Why are they not—why are the law enforcement agencies not required to have court-ordered subpoenas to obtain these records? 
ADAM SCHWARTZ : Well, that's a great question. Under federal statutes that protect our privacy, ordinarily, the police do have to go to a judge and get some kind of approval before they get this metadata of who we're talking to. What AT&T has required the police to do, through the provision of the contract that you just read, is what the police call 'parallel construction” and what the EFF calls 'evidence laundering.” And what this means is, after the police find evidence against someone in the Hemisphere database, they 'wall it off,” quote-unquote from their training manual, and then they use a traditional subpoena to recreate the exact same evidence trail. And when it comes time to put the person on trial, they present the second set of cleaner evidence, and no one is the wiser that they were using this massive, disturbing digital database to spy on all Americans, including the criminal suspect. 
JUAN GONZÁLEZ : But wouldn't there be a requirement for the company to at least notify their consumers that they're participating in something like this? 
ADAM SCHWARTZ : Yeah, unfortunately, there isn't. You know, AT&T, in its public comments about Hemisphere, has suggested they are merely responding to government requests for information, the same way that all kinds of providers of consumer services have to respond. In fact, as we see through the contract that AT&T wrote, which came to light earlier this week in The Daily Beast, it is AT&T who was demanding of government that the program be kept a secret. We don't know what AT&T's motive is to demand the secrecy. Perhaps it's because AT&T is literally making millions of dollars a year from government agencies in exchange for providing this unique database of telephone records to the police for their scrutiny. 
AMY GOODMAN : So the police might pay up to—one police department somewhere might pay like a million dollars to get this information? 
ADAM SCHWARTZ : Yeah, just to be clear, there is a task force of federal, state and local officials called the HIDTAs, the High Intensity Drug Trafficking Areas, and it is funded by the White House Office of National Drug Control Policy. And the HIDTAs have three regional centers across the country, where AT&T employees are posted along with DEA agents and other law enforcement. And that is the entry point for law enforcement to the AT&T Hemisphere database. And the funding is a little bit shadowy, but it is clear that at one of these three HIDTA centers, White House funds, to the tune of a million dollars a year, are going to the HIDTA, in turn, going to AT&T. So it's not a million dollars from each agency, but it is millions of dollars in total. 
JUAN GONZÁLEZ : And, Adam Schwartz, am I correct on this, that AT&T is not—does not only provide information on their own customers, but on other carriers who possibly may be going through the AT&T infrastructure, as well? 
ADAM SCHWARTZ : That's exactly correct. Any consumer, whether they are not—whether or not they are with AT&T, when a call goes through an AT&T switch, it goes into the Hemisphere database. So, for example, if you're using roaming, away from your own carrier's network, and you're using AT&T's network, then your call goes into the Hemisphere database—again, 4 billion records per day from American consumers and for international calls into the Hemisphere database. 
AMY GOODMAN : And the significance of broadband internet providers having to ask permission if they want to sell customers' private data to third parties, the ruling that was just adopted Thursday by the FCC? 
ADAM SCHWARTZ : You know, I think that the critical principle here is that consumers should have control over their data, and corporations should not be diverting that data for their own profit reasons. We think that a program like— 
AMY GOODMAN : That they could sell it to other companies, you're saying. They could—not only to police agencies, but to corporations, they could sell your—you know, our texts to each other. 
ADAM SCHWARTZ : Right. The ruling yesterday from the FCC, which the Electronic Frontier Foundation was strongly in support of and lobbied for, says that they have to get each individual consumer's permission before they divert their private information to anything other than providing the standard broadband service. So there's a parallel between that issue and the Hemisphere issue, which is that, you know, consumers have a right to privacy. And AT&T should not be undermining that privacy, in the case of Hemisphere, by creating the world's biggest, if—or one of the world's biggest databases to allow the government to scrutinize our private relationships based on who we are having digital correspondence with. 
JUAN GONZÁLEZ : And, Craig Aaron of Free Press, your sense of how this information on the Hemisphere program—whether this is going to become now part of the overall discussions on AT&T's increased market power if it has this merger? 
CRAIG AARON : I think it has to be. You know, this is just yet another example of why we can't trust AT&T and its promises. And, you know, I think it's very concerning that AT&T is literally, you know, putting employees right alongside sitting law enforcement to willingly mine their data, to help them out and then sell it. So they're taking their own customers' private information, selling it back to the government for a hefty profit, while violating their privacy. So, this is the kind of company AT&T is. You know, EFF has exposed for years and years and years, through their legal work, everything AT&T has been up to supporting the DEA, the NSA, etc. I think this is something to be concerned about, when a company gets even bigger and when a company is about to take over a major news network. Who's going to hold AT&T accountable when these kind of stories are out there? Are we going to even hear about them? 
AMY GOODMAN : We want to thank you both for being with us, Craig Aaron, president and CEO of Free Press, and Adam Schwartz of the Electronic Frontier Foundation. Of course, we'll continue to follow this. The decision is not finally made. In fact, Craig Aaron, just what's the timetable on this? 
CRAIG AARON : I think this merger, we're probably talking about a year, which means this is a decision that's going to be made by the next presidential administration, by the Justice Department, which gives us time to organize, but it's very, very important that we get started now, because this is going to be a fight that will be going well into next year. 
AMY GOODMAN : Well, thanks so much to both of you. This is Democracy Now! When we come back, we head to North Dakota to the standoff at Standing Rock. Well over a hundred people were once again arrested yesterday, as Native Americans and their allies faced off against a heavy—a heavily militarized police department. Stay with us.

ARTICLE

  Carol Adl in Middle East , News //  
Volunteer fighters from Iraq's Popular Mobilization Units say they will cross the border to join the Syrian government and its allies in the ongoing fight against terrorists. 
A spokesman said on Saturday that the fighters plan to cross the border into Syria to fight alongside President Bashar al-Assad after clearing northern Iraqi territories from the ISIS terrorist group. 
Press TV reports: 
'After clearing all our land from these terrorist gangs, we are fully ready to go to any place that contains a threat to Iraqi national security,” Ahmed al-Asadi said during a briefing with journalists in the Iraqi capital, Baghdad. 
The Popular Mobilization Units, generally known by the Arabic title Hashd al-Shaabi, are currently contributing to Iraqi military's large-scale operation to liberate the northern Iraqi city of Mosul from Daesh. The Shia fighters have announced that they would mostly help the drive around Mosul and not enter the city to avoid accusations of sectarianism. 
The volunteer forces on Saturday began an offensive west of Mosul to cut supplies between the city and Raqqah, the de facto capital of Daesh in Syria, to tighten the siege against the militants and liberate the town of Tal Afar. 
The forces have played a major role in previous offensives against Daesh in central and western parts of Iraq. The group's members have already fought alongside Syrian forces against various terror groups, but the Saturday announcement could formalize their involvement in Syria. 
Over the past months, Syria has managed to recapture swathes of land from Daesh and other groups in east and north of the country. During the nearly six-year battle, the Syrian military has heavily relied on fighters from Lebanese resistance movement, Hezbollah, as well as advisory military support from Iran. Russia also helps Syria in the fight against terrorists through a series of coordinated airstrikes on their positions.

ARTICLE

  Edmondo Burr in News , US //  As the end of the 2016 presidential election approaches concerns about violence on election day seem to be escalating. 
November 8th election day could see violence erupt between voters and police in an already divided country. 
Activist Post reports: 
Several schools have announced that they will not hold classes when the polls are open due to fears of potential violence. 
According to a recent survey of voters, 'A 51% majority of likely voters express at least some concern about the possibility of violence on Election Day; one in five are 'very concerned.'” 
Voters have been very obsessive in what's been an emotional presidential election year. It is possible that supporters of the winning party make a public display showing off their victory to emphasize the painful fact that the other candidate has lost. Will they become easy targets? Whoever has lost may question the validity of the election and accuse of opposing side of manipulating the results. If it comes to this, should we expect civil unrest? It may be smart to stock up on a few days of extra food and water , so you can just hole up at home if need be. 
More details from the aforementioned survey can be found here . Election Year Has Been Filled With Political Hostilities 
It's no surprise people are apprehensive about Election Day. Voters in the U.S. have been passionately divided when it comes to the candidates. Many are fervent to keep the worse of two evils out of office. Decisions seem to be driven more by animosity towards one candidate, rather than by inspiration or vision offered by the other. 
Regardless if the voter survey offers an accurate representation of how Americans truly feel, we cannot deny that political discord has already incited violence in communities across the States . A summary here offers just a glimpse at the various incidents that have occurred during the year. Take a look below at the reception a man wearing a Trump hat received when attending a Clinton rally. 
Violence isn't exclusive to Clinton supporters. Two videos below show how Trump supporters respond to unwelcome demonstration by their opposition. 
With so much hatred and hostility surrounding the election, one can reasonably expect a violent, or at least unpleasant, conclusion . And any aggression will likely be exacerbated by the news media, which will make matters worse. Confidence In The Election Process Falters 
In addition to the looming question of who will be named president, another big unknown is how will U.S. citizens react? Will they accept the results of the election ? As per the previous mentioned voter survey, it seems that the confidence Americans once had in their election process is definitely floundering. Three of four say they have confidence that the United States will have the peaceful transfer of power that has marked American democracy for more than 200 years, but just 40% say they are 'very confident” about that. More than four in 10 of Trump supporters say they won't recognize the legitimacy of Clinton as president, if she prevails, because they say she wouldn't have won fair and square. More than two-thirds of Trump voters say they worry the election returns could be manipulated. In contrast, eight in 10 of Clinton voters say the returns can be trusted to be fair and accurate. ( source ) Best Course is to Stay Prepared 
The drama of the election year will likely continue after November 8. It is reasonable to expect that some communities will experience civil unrest, particularly where divisions are strong. It only makes sense to prepare, at least at the basic level, with a week's worth of storable food and water available in your home. It might also be smart to stock up your bug-out bag . Of course, some may feel the need to be a bit more aggressive with their preparedness plans: 'Since the polls are starting to shift quite a bit towards Hillary Clinton, I've been buying a lot more ammunition,” says Rick Darling, 69, an engineer from Harrison Township, in Michigan's Detroit suburbs. In a follow-up phone interview after being surveyed, the Trump supporter said he fears progressives will want to 'declare martial law and take our guns away” after the election. ( source )

ARTICLE

Posted on October 29, 2016 by Sean Adl-Tabatabai in Sci/Environment //  
People from Melanesia contain traces of DNA belonging to an unknown species, according to an exciting new computer analysis. 
Scientists say that Melanesians, people from a region in the South Pacific, contain DNA of an unknown human species in their genetic makeup. 
Ryan Bohlender told the annual meeting of the American Society of Human Genetics that the DNA was very unlikely to be Neanderthal or Denisovan – but is likely a third, unknown 'human” relative. 
Sciencealert.com reports: 
' We're missing a population, or we're misunderstanding something about the relationships ,” Ryan Bohlender, a statistical geneticist from the University of Texas, told Tina Hesman Saey at Science News . Alien DNA? People from the Pacific Islands carry DNA from a third, unknown 'human” relative 
Bohlender and his team have been investigating the percentages of extincthominid DNA that modern humans still carry today, and say they've found discrepancies in previous analyses that suggest our mingling with Neanderthals and Denisovans isn't the whole story. 
It's thought that between 100,000 and 60,000 years ago, our early ancestors migrated out of Africa, and first made contact with other hominid species living on the Eurasian landmass. 
This contact left a mark on our species that can still be found today, with Europeans and Asians carrying distinct genetic variants of Neanderthal DNA in their own genomes. 
And that's not all they've given us. 
Earlier this year, researchers investigated certain genetic variants that people of European descent inherited from Neanderthals, and found that they're associated with several health problems, including a slightly increased risk of depression, heart attack, and a number of skin disorders. 
And a separate study published earlier this month found evidence that modern genital warts – otherwise known as the human papillomavirus (HPV) – were sexually transmitted to Homo sapiens after our ancestors slept with Neanderthals and Denisovans once they left Africa. 
While our relationship with Neanderthals has been widely researched, how we interacted with the Denisovans – the distant cousins of Neanderthals – is less clear. 
The problem is that Neanderthals are well represented in the fossil record, with many remains having been uncovered across Europe and Asia, but all we have of the Denisovans is a lone finger bone and a couple of teeth that were found in a Siberian cave in 2008. 
Using a new computer model to figure out the amount of Neanderthal and Denisovan DNA carried by modern humans, Bohlender and his colleague found that Europeans and Chinese people carry a similar amount of Neanderthal DNA: about 2.8 percent. 
That result is pretty similar to previous studies have estimated that Europeans and Asians carry, on average, between 1.5 and 4 percent Neanderthal DNA. 
But when they got to Denisovan DNA, things were a bit more complicated, particularly when it came to modern populations living in Melanesia – a region of the South Pacific that includes Vanuatu, the Solomon Islands, Fiji, Papua New Guinea, New Caledonia, West Papua, and the Maluku Islands. 
As Hesman Saey explains for Science News : 'Europeans have no hint of Denisovan ancestry, and people in China have a tiny amount – 0.1 percent, according to Bohlender's calculations. But 2.74 percent of the DNA in people in Papua New Guinea comes from Neanderthals. And Bohlender estimates the amount of Denisovan DNA in Melanesians is about 1.11 percent, not the 3 to 6 percent estimated by other researchers. While investigating the Denisovan discrepancy, Bohlender and colleagues came to the conclusion that a third group of hominids may have bred with the ancestors of Melanesians.” 
'Human history is a lot more complicated than we thought it was,” he told her .

ARTICLE

Posted on October 30, 2016 by Sean Adl-Tabatabai in News , US //  
Hillary Clinton has cancelled all upcoming campaign events following the FBI's announcement that they are reopening their email server investigation. 
The reopening of the case has sent the Clinton campaign into complete chaos, according to reports . Recommended 
Donald Trump has overtaken his political rival Hillary Clinton in a major new poll out this weekend, as mainstream media outlets have refused to publish the results to the public. (53 mins ago) 
According to ' Citizens for Trump ” Special Projects Director Jack Posobiec, Hillary is looking to get out of the media spotlight for a while. 
In a tweet, he stated: ' Hillary has cancelled all campaign events in FL, OH, and NC .” 
The Clinton campaign want to focus on states that Hillary lost serious ground in – like Pennsylvania, New Hampshire, Virginia, and Michigan. Hillary has cancelled all campaign events in FL, OH, and NC 
— Jack Posobiec 🇺🇸 (@JackPosobiec) October 29, 2016 Recommended 
WikiLeaks has released a batch of emails revealing that Hillary Clinton was involved in a plane crash that caused her brain injury and left a US Navy Seal dead. (53 mins ago) 
Has the latest email scandal finally brought Hillary to her knees? 
Will there even be an election on November 8th, or will we be watching Hillary Clinton go on trial? It seems like anything is possible right now.

ARTICLE

Posted on October 30, 2016 by Sean Adl-Tabatabai in Health //  
The British government have finally admitted that marijuana has medicinal value in helping to treat a number of different illnesses and diseases. 
The UK's Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (MHRA) announced that Cannabidiol (CBD) has restorative, correcting or modifying effects on 'physiological functions” when administered to humans. In other words, cannabis has the potential to cure illnesses without the need for pharmaceutical drugs. Recommended 
An official investigation has revealed that the British government directly funded and organised terrorists in the Loughinisland massacre in 1994. (58 mins ago) 
Anonhq.com reports: 
Observers say this new development in Britain is a potential milestone that will help marijuana campaigners to press for the country's lawmakers to legalize the plant based on the available evidence. 
Before this good news, some of the country's politicians had pressed on the government to legalize marijuana for medicinal use. Currently, in the United Kingdom, it is illegal to possess marijuana in any form. Without a so-called appropriate licence, it is also illegal to grow, distribute or sell marijuana in the nation. 
However, over the years, marijuana advocates have been gaining momentum in their quest to have the plant legalized and regulated in the country. In 2015, James Richard Owen, an economics student at Aberystwyth University, started a petition on the country's official petitions website, calling for the legalization, cultivation, sale and use of the plant. 
The petition gathered 218,995 signatures, far exceeding the 100,000 needed for it to be considered for debate in Parliament. On Oct. 12, 2015. the country's Parliament debated the petition. Recommended 
The mainstream media are covering up the fact that Hillary Clinton admitted in public that the U.S. government created both ISIS and Al Qaeda. (58 mins ago) 
According to the Independent , the latest findings by the MHRA are not directly applicable to the British government's response to last year's petition to legalize marijuana. 
In a statement on the assessment done by the MHRA, the agency said: 'The MHRA has now completed its review and has considered all information available to it relating to Cannabidiol(CBD) and having taken into account all the scientific advice and evidence, it has come to an opinion that products containing Cannabidiol will satisfy the second limb of the definition of a 'medicinal product' because it may be used by or administered to human beings either with a view to restoring, correcting or modifying physiological functions by exerting a pharmacological, immunological or metabolic action, or to making a medical diagnosis.” 
The review of CBD, a cannabinoid accounting for up to 40% of the marijuana plant's extract that doesn't contain its psychoactive THC but has immense health benefits, came about following discussions with CBD vaporiser company MediPen. 
The Managing Director of MediPen, Jordan Owen was quoted by the Independent as saying: 'Since our inception we've worked hard to obtain our goal of breaking down the negative connotations surrounding Cannabis to lead to a reform in the law for medicinal use. Now this is finally becoming a reality, which will provide ground-breaking results.” 
Past studies on marijuana have revealed its CBD helps to control brain and nerve activity, energy metabolism, heart function, the immune system and even reproduction. Recommended 
The British Air Force has admitted to helping the US conduct airstrikes on the Syrian army, which Russia say has ignited World War 3 in Syria. (58 mins ago) 
To add to the MHRA's findings, the British pro-marijuana pharma company, GW Pharmaceuticals, has also announced it has just concluded a positive phase 3 clinical trial demonstrating the safety and efficacy of CBD, which has helped people with a variety of illnesses. 
As a result of these new developments in the United Kingdom, many charities and pro-marijuana organizations have intensified their research into the use of the plant as a medical drug. Observers predict that the full legalization of the plant is imminent in the United Kingdom. 
In all these positive developments regarding marijuana in the United Kingdom, the Mainstream Media (MSM) in the United States have refused to report on them. Despite the news being published by many British media outlets, in the United States, the corporate MSM have pretended not to have heard it. This should tell us that there is a grand agenda to suppress marijuana in the United States, with the help of the corporate media, in order to prevent people from benefiting from the medicinal value of the obviously wonderful plant; pushing the agenda of favor for Big Pharma products.

ARTICLE

Posted on October 30, 2016 by Carol Adl in News , US //  
Bernie Sanders sent a letter to President Barack Obama on Friday requesting that he intervene to protect Native Americans who have been peacefully protesting the Dakota Access Pipeline. 
In a statement issued on his official U.S. Senate website, Sanders asked Obama to halt construction of the pipeline until federal officials properly conduct a cultural and environmental review. Recommended 
President Barack Obama has sneakily approved the construction of two new Dakota pipelines just as the DoJ halted the construction on the existing one. (1 hour ago) 
At least 140 people were arrested at the construction site on Wednesday after hundreds of police in riot gear moved in with tanks, using sound cannons, pepper spray and rubber bullets. 

Sanders.Senate.gov reports: 
Hundreds of Native American protectors have gathered at the site since April to protest the pipeline's construction on land they claim is tribal under the 1851 Treaty of Fort Laramie. 
'I urge you to take all appropriate measures to protect the safety of the Native Americans protesters and their supporters who have gathered peacefully to oppose the construction of the pipeline,” Sanders wrote in the letter. Recommended 
Bernie Sanders joined protests in support of Native American activists who are striving to stop construction of a North Dakota pipeline. (1 hour ago) 
Sanders asks that President Obama direct the Justice Department to send observers to the site to protect protestors' safety and First Amendment rights; call North Dakota Governor Jack Dalrymple to remove the National Guard from the protest camp; and direct the Army Corps of Engineers to issue an order to stop work on construction of the pipeline near the protest site to reduce tensions while awaiting judicial action. 
Sanders again called on the president to suspend construction of the pipeline until the Army Corps of Engineers completes a full cultural and environmental review. 
'It is deeply distressing to me that the federal government is putting the profits of the oil industry ahead of the treaty and sovereign rights of Native American communities,” Sanders wrote. 'Mr. President, you took a bold and principled stand against the Keystone pipeline – I ask you to take a similar stand against the Dakota Access Pipeline.” 
Sanders previously called on the president to block construction of the pipeline during a rally outside the White House with leaders of the Standing Rock Sioux tribe and other tribal nations in September.

ARTICLE

Posted on October 30, 2016 by Sean Adl-Tabatabai in News , US //  
Attorney General Loretta Lynch attempted to stop FBI Director James Comey from reopening the Hillary Clinton email investigation this week, according to law enforcement officials connected with the case. 
Lynch and Deputy Attorney General Sally Yates were unhappy with the FBI's decision to notify Congress about their decision to review new Clinton emails , as it would 'embarrass” and potentially 'harm” the Clinton campaign. Recommended 
The FBI has announced it will reopen it's investigation into Hillary Clinton's use of a private email server whilst serving as Secretary of State. (2 hours ago) 
Abc-7.com reports: 
While there was no explicit order not to send the letter, department officials expressed concern that what Comey wanted to do was contrary to how the department does business given how close this was to the election. They added it was contrary to department policies and procedures, one law enforcement source said. 
Comey decided to disregard their concerns and sent the letter Friday anyway, shaking the presidential race 11 days before the election and nearly four months after the FBI chief said he wouldn't recommend criminal charges over the Democratic nominee's use of the server. 
The officials acknowledged there was little Lynch and Yates could do given the fallout over Lynch's controversial meeting over the summer with former President Bill Clinton. 
Lynch and Yates objected after Comey gave advance notice to top officials at the Justice Department before sending the letter to lawmakers, law enforcement officials briefed on the matter said. Justice officials didn't sign off on Comey's decision and he didn't seek their approval, one official said. Recommended 
A top FBI official has been served with a subpoena by a senior House Republican, forcing the agency to release it's full case file on the investigation into Hillary Clinton's use of a private email server. (2 hours ago) 
Instead, he made an independent decision to go against longstanding Justice Department and FBI practice to not comment publicly about politically sensitive investigations within 60 days of an election, the official said. 
Comey later explained his decision to provide Congress with the information in a letter to FBI employees. 
'We don't ordinarily tell Congress about ongoing investigations, but here I feel an obligation to do so given that I testified repeatedly in recent months that our investigation was completed,” Comey said. 'I also think it would be misleading to the American people were we not to supplement the record.” 
Clinton's campaign and allies quickly decried the decision's timing, and the candidate herself on Friday forcefully called on the FBI to release the 'full and complete facts” about its review. 
'Voting is underway, so the American people deserve to get the full and complete facts immediately,” Clinton said at a brief news conference in Des Moines, Iowa, adding it was 'imperative that the bureau explain this issue in question, whatever it is, without any delay.” Recommended 
The stock market plunged as the FBI announced it is reopening the investigation into Hillary Clinton's use of private e-mail and mishandling of classified information, a politically explosive development just 11 days before the presidential election. (2 hours ago) 
Clinton said she was 'confident whatever (the emails) are will not change the conclusion reached in July,” when Comey said he wouldn't recommend criminal charges in the matter. 
Republican nominee Donald Trump, who has spent the past several weeks on defense, seized on the issue. 
'Hillary Clinton's corruption is on a scale we've never seen before,” Trump said at a rally in Manchester, New Hampshire. 'We must not let her take her criminal scheme into the Oval Office.” 
He later responded to Clinton's statement, saying she 'tried to politicize the investigation by attacking and falsely accusing the FBI director of only sending the letter to Republicans.” 
In a letter to eight congressional committee chairmen Friday, Comey said investigators are examining newly discovered emails that 'appear to be pertinent” to the email probe. Recommended 
FBI Director James Comey has decided to flex his muscles and ignore the DoJ's request that he cease investigating the Clinton Foundation for criminal activity. (2 hours ago) 
'In connection with an unrelated case, the FBI has learned of the existence of emails that appear pertinent to the investigation,” Comey wrote the chairmen. 'I am writing to inform you that the investigative team briefed me on this yesterday, and I agreed that the FBI should take appropriate investigative steps designed to allow investigators to review these emails to determine whether they contain classified information, as well as to assess their importance to our investigation.” 
Anthony Weiner 
The newly discovered emails are part of an investigation into Anthony Weiner, according to law enforcement sources. Weiner, the disgraced former congressman, recently separated from top Clinton aide Huma Abedin after a sexting incident. 
The FBI and the New York Police Department have opened preliminary investigations of allegations that Weiner, a former New York Democratic congressman, exchanged sexually explicit text messages with a purportedly underage girl. 
The emails in question were sent or received by Abedin, according to a law enforcement official. There were a 'considerable number” of emails being reviewed from at least one device shared by Abedin and Weiner, the official said. A separate official described it as thousands of messages. Recommended 
Evidence has emerged that a top Clinton aide bribed the FBI with a $500,000 donation in order to dissuade them from pressing criminal charges against Hillary Clinton. (2 hours ago) 
The FBI is looking at whether any of the newly discovered emails will have an impact on the now-closed investigation into Clinton's server. In his letter, Comey said he was not sure how long the additional review would take and said the FBI 'cannot yet assess whether or not this material may be significant.” 
The big question is whether the return of the email storm, which has overshadowed her entire campaign, will have an impact on any remaining undecided voters. Before the latest controversy erupted, Clinton had the advantage in the race for the 270 electoral votes needed to capture the presidency. She is leading Trump by six points in CNN's Poll of Polls. 
Comey under criticism 
Comey is under withering criticism from the Clinton campaign and congressional Democrats for releasing the letter so close to the election. Earlier Friday, Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta said 'it's extraordinary that we would see something like this just 11 days out from a presidential election.” 
He followed up on that criticism in a heated conference call with reporters Saturday, saying Comey's letter was 'light on facts, heavy on innuendo, knowing full what Republicans would do with it. It is not up to him who owes the public answers to questions that are now on the table.” Recommended 
Attorney General Loretta Lynch has blocked the FBI from opening up a public investigation into the Clinton Foundation. (2 hours ago) 
Dianne Feinstein, the California Democrat who is the vice chairman of the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence, said she was 'shocked” to read Comey's letter. 
'Director Comey's announcement played right into the political campaign of Donald Trump,” she said in a statement. 
Even Republican Sen. Ron Johnson of Wisconsin urged Comey to provide more information: 'In line with your commitment to be transparent with Congress and the public, I respectfully request that the FBI provide as much information as possible about these new developments without harming the integrity of its ongoing investigation,” Johnson wrote in a letter to Comey. 
The FBI chief felt he had no choice but to tell Congress now or risk being accused of hiding relevant information before the election, law enforcement officials said in explaining the timing. The letter was 'carefully worded,” one of the officials said. 
The news united Republicans who have spent the past several weeks grappling with Trump's controversies. Speaker Paul Ryan jumped on Comey's announcement to blast Clinton. Recommended 
Bill Clinton has blasted FBI director James Comey for his determined attempt to investigate the crimes of The Clinton Foundation. (2 hours ago) 
Trump's campaign manager, Kellyanne Conway, tweeted after the news broke, 'A great day in our campaign just got even better.” 
Ryan said Clinton betrayed Americans' trust for handling 'the nation's most important secrets.” 
'This decision, long overdue, is the result of her reckless use of a private email server, and her refusal to be forthcoming with federal investigators,” Ryan said in a statement. 'I renew my call for the Director of National Intelligence to suspend all classified briefings for Secretary Clinton until this matter is fully resolved.”

ARTICLE

Posted on October 30, 2016 by Sean Adl-Tabatabai in News , World //  
Erdogan's dream of reinstating Turkey's death penalty is set to become reality after a new bill looks set to pass in Parliament. 
Recep Tayyip Erdogan will make good on his promise of cleansing Turkey of 'traitor citizens” and 'political dissidents”– by sending them to their deaths. Recommended 
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has announced plans to bring back the death penalty in Turkey following last months failed coup. (2 hours ago) 
Yahoo News reports: 
Addressing crowds in Ankara on Saturday, Erdogan said he would ratify such a bill once it passed despite any objections it might spark in the West. 
Erdogan made the comments in response to public chants calling for the death penalty, which Turkey abolished in 2004 as part of its bid to join the European Union. 
Erdogan said: 
'Soon, our government will bring (the bill) to Parliament…It's what the people say that matters, not what the West thinks.” Recommended 
Turkish President Recep Taiyp Erdogan has been warned not to use the failed coup in Turkey as a 'blank cheque” to bypass democratic principles. (2 hours ago) 
The government has blamed the coup on the followers of U.S.-based Muslim cleric Fethullah Gulen. 
The cleric denies involvement.

ARTICLE

Posted on October 30, 2016 by Sean Adl-Tabatabai in Middle East , News //  
Washington has authorised a CIA program of training and arming Al Qaeda in order to help them oust Syrian President Bashar al-Assad. 
According to various reports, a huge new effort to supply weapons to so-called 'moderate opposition' groups in Syria is underway, as the U.S. finds themselves unable to defend themselves against Russian and Syrian air power and artillery. Recommended 
The US have announced a strategic partnership with al-Qaeda in order to overthrow the Syrian government and oust President Assad. (2 hours ago) 
Southfront.org reports: 
The secret CIA program of training and arming 'moderate terrorists' has been the core of American strategy, aiming to overthrow Assad and set a puppet government in Syria, since the start of the war. Nonetheless, the Obama administration is likely set to postponed the resumption and expansion of this program and to pass the need to make a decision to next president. T 
he US leadership is not ready to make the decision now because the recent military developments have shown that despite all money spending, supplies and CIA efforts, Washington still cannot rely on the moderate terrorists as a clearly pro-US force on the ground. Every US attempt to separate secular militant groups from jihadi factions, at least for PR needs, have failed. 
And the recently created New Syrian Army (NSyA) has shown an impotence in clashes with ISIS. The US propaganda campaign to discredit Russian-Syrian-Iranian operations to liberate Aleppo faced a significant problem – massive civilian casualties during the Mosul offensive, supported by the US-led coalition. 
In this case, open and massive supplies of arms and munitions to the terrorist groups in Syria could lead to significant loses for Washington in political and PR terms and will hardly lead to strengthening of the US influence on the Syrian conflict. Recommended Pentagon Announce They Are Arming Al Qaeda To Oust Assad 
The Pentagon has announced that it is protecting and arming Al Qaeda/Al Nusra jihadists in Syria, in a last gasp effort to overthrow Assad. You read that correctly - the U.S. is now in coalition with Al Qaeda in a foreign war. (2 hours ago) 
If the US administration avoids to do this, Moscow, Damascus and Tehran will fully take the initiative in the war that would also lead to negative effects to the US influence in the Middle East. 
So, most likely, Washington will make a compromise decision to allow its regional allies – Saudi Arabia or Qatar – to supply limited numbers of man-portable air-defense systems to the so-called 'opposition', even if this opposition is al-Nusra Front. 
At the same time, the US-controlled media and diplomats will continue to put pressure on Syria, Russia and Iran over alleged civilian casualties in Aleppo city and ignore the humanitarian situation in Iraq. 
It will not allow the terrorists to re-take the initiative in the war but will buy time until the new US president comes into the office and start to impellent own strategy in the region.

ARTICLE

Posted on October 29, 2016 by Baxter Dmitry in News , US //  
A Californian man caught on camera today has exposed a plot to convince halfway house residents to vote for Hillary Clinton – in return for a $300 rebate check. 
Asked why he won't vote for Donald Trump, the man replies that 'Hillary will give you a rebate check for $300.” Recommended 
Barack Obama has been accused of using the Department of Justice (DOJ) to illegally funnel money into left-wing groups such as the Clinton Campaign. (3 hours ago) 
His interviewer asks, 'That's if you have SSI? Who told you she gives you the rebate?” 
The man then claims that the manager of his boarding care told him. 
How will Hillary's army of Correct The Record trolls try and cover this one up? 
If you are in California and know of any instances of voter fraud or bribery, you can fill out a complaint form here .

ARTICLE

Posted on October 30, 2016 by Baxter Dmitry in News , US //  
A new WikiLeaks email from John Podesta's account reveals the Clinton campaign manager was worried about internal leaks and plotted to ' make an example of a suspected leaker ” by punishing them with ' beyond internal discipline ”– whether or not there was ' any real basis for it. ' 
Responding to an email from John Benenson about a ' damaging ” leak, Podesta wrote, ' I generally agree with the point, but we need a strategy on this that goes beyond internal discipline. ' 
As well as exposing the Clinton camp as the kind of organization that punishes people based on suspicion alone, the question of what ' beyond internal discipline ” means is raised – and in light of recent events the answers may be grim. Recommended (2 weeks ago) WikiLeaks Dumps More Podesta Emails, Bringing Total To Over 11,000 
Joel Benenson said, ' I think we have to make examples now of people who have violated the trust of HRC and the rest of the team .” Later in the email chain Robbie Mook replied to Podesta's message, saying ' I would love an example being made.” 
The revelation of Podesta's plan to punish a suspected leaker with ' serious consequences ” takes on a chilling aspect considering the fate of Seth Rich, the Democratic National Committee employee widely suspected of blowing the whistle on his employers. Rich was murdered in July and the case remains unsolved. 
Speaking on Nieuwsuur, a Dutch news channel, Julian Assange said that Rich's murder was a cause of concern for WikiLeaks' whistleblowers. 
'There is a 27 year old who worked for the DNC who was shot in the back – murdered – just a few weeks ago, for unknown reasons as he was walking down the street in Washington .” 
Asked by the host if Seth Rich was a WikiLeaks source, Assange said, ' I am suggesting that our sources take risks and they become concerned to see things occurring like that .” 
They will be more concerned after learning the Clinton campaign is the kind of organization that ' makes examples ” of people they are suspicious about – with or without having ' any real basis for it .” 
The full email chain can be read here .

ARTICLE

Contact Us Millions of South Koreans Rise Up Against Shadow Government South Koreans have discovered they are ruled by a shadow government and that their president is a puppet. Why aren't we reacting like they are? Posted on October 30, 2016 by Baxter Dmitry in News //  
South Koreans are rising up in their millions and demanding the overthrow of their government after a series of leaks proved president Park Geun-hye is a puppet controlled by a covert shadow government. 
In a furor eerily similar to that surrounding Hillary Clinton's use of an email server and charity slush fund, critics are charging that Park has irresponsibly managed classified information and benefited from corrupt practices using non-profits as a front. 
The South Korean and U.S. comparisons stop there however. Rather than apathetically accepting the situation – like in America – South Koreans have risen up and the media has rounded on their leader. Citizens have taken to the streets en masse and the country's media have called for the president to step down immediately – or face impeachment. 
The essence of the scandal is this: It has emerged that Park, famously aloof even to top officials and aides, has been taking instructions from a group known as the 'eight fairies” including Choi Soon-sil, a shadowy billionaire with ties to George Soros and Angela Merkel. Choi has existed around the edges of South Korean power circles for decades, but has never held an official position. Posters of the president being controlled by puppet strings are cropping up all over South Korea as country-wide protests continue to rage. Recommended (4 months ago) France: Protestors Rise Up In Their Millions Against Ruling Class 
The Washington Post reports that 'Calls for her resignation — and even impeachment — are resonating from across the political spectrum, and her approval ratings have dropped to a record low of 17 percent, according to two polls released Friday. 
On Friday, Park directed all of her top advisers to resign en masse, with her spokesman saying a reshuffle would take place, the Yonhap news agency reported. Kim Jae-won, senior presidential secretary for political affairs, told a parliamentary session that Park's chief of staff had already stepped down. 
It's not clear, however, whether it will be enough. 
'Park Geun-hye's leadership is on the brink of collapse,” said Yoo Chang-sun, a left-leaning political analyst. Shin Yool, a right-leaning professor at Myongji University, called it the 'biggest crisis” since South Korea was founded 70 years ago. 'The president has lost her ability to function as leader.” 
Choi is the daughter of the late Choi Tae-min, who was a kind of shaman-fortune teller described in a 2007 cable from the U.S. Embassy in Seoul as 'a charismatic pastor.” Locally, he's seen as a 'Korean Rasputin” who once held sway over Park after her mother was assassinated in 1974. 
'Rumors are rife that the late pastor had complete control over Park's body and soul during her formative years and that his children accumulated enormous wealth as a result,” read the cable, released by WikiLeaks. 
Park has strongly denied any improper relationship. Recommended (4 months ago) CFR Tells Global Elite: Rise Up Against The Ignorant Population 
But South Korean media have uncovered evidence that, they claim, shows that Choi Soon-sil wielded undue influence over the president. 
JTBC, a television network, said it had found a tablet computer that contained files of speeches the president had yet to give, among other documents. The younger Choi is said to have edited the landmark speech that Park gave in Germany in 2014, laying out her vision for unification with the North. The Hankyoreh newspaper wrote that actual presidential aides 'were just mice to Choi's cat.” 
She is also rumored to have created a secret group called 'the eight fairies” to advise the president behind the scenes. 
TV Chosun, the channel belonging to the Chosun Ilbo newspaper, aired a clip showing Choi overseeing the making of an outfit for Park, 'raising doubt whether Park made any decision at all without Choi,” the paper said. 
South Korean media have been full of Photoshopped graphics to illustrate the relationship, including one showing Park as a puppet and Choi Soon-sil pulling her strings. 
Meanwhile, investigators are looking into allegations that Choi siphoned off money from two recently established foundations that collected about $70 million from the Federation of Korean Industries, the big business lobby with members including Samsung and Hyundai. Prosecutors raided Choi's home in Seoul this week looking for evidence. 
At the same time, there are allegations that the daughter of Choi Soon-sil was given special treatment when she applied for Ewha Womans University, one of South Korea's top colleges. Recommended (6 months ago) Thousands Of Africans Rise Up Against Monsanto 
Local media have reported that her daughter's grades were not good enough, so the rules were changed to give credit to applicants who had won equestrian awards, as she had. The already-embattled president of Ewha resigned this week. 
Ironically, this all comes less than a month after Park's administration instituted a wide-ranging new law aimed at cracking down on corruption and influence peddling. 
Choi is in Germany with her daughter and is refusing to return to South Korea to answer questions, saying she is having heart problems and cannot fly. But in an interview with the Segye Ilbo, she denied creating the Eight Fairies group, owning the tablet or knowingly receiving classified information. 'Because I was not a government official, I had no idea that this was confidential,” she told the paper. 
Park apologized Tuesday for the scandal, saying she had always acted 'with a pure heart.” Then she canceled a planned meeting related to North Korea on Friday so she could consider ways to 'resolve the nation's anxiety and stably run the government,” according to a spokesman. 
She did, however, attend a ceremony in the southern city of Busan, where university students shouted 'Park Geun-hye should step down!” and 'Choi Soon-sil must be arrested!”

ARTICLE

— Jim Jatras (@JimJatras) October 29, 2016 
Jatras said the US had spent millions of dollars and thousands of man hours to train so-called 'moderate militants” in Syria – only for most of them to join al-Qaeda or Islamic State terrorist groups. 
The former Washington diplomat rejected the idea that there are some 'moderate militants” in Syria, declaring that they are all terrorists. 
' People who for ideological or religious goals want to attack innocent people and kill them in order to impose some kind of an ideology on them, I think that constitutes terrorism, ” he said. 
' And I think trying to overthrow a government of another country to achieve that purpose is terrorism, ” Jatras added. 
However Jihad Mouracadeh, a political analyst from Beirut, ruled out the accusation that the US and its allies want to redeploy Daesh from Mosul into Raqqah, according to regional reports. Recommended (3 months ago) Assange: Emails Prove Hillary Armed ISIS In Syria To Oust Assad 
Mouracadeh said the US and NATO are planning to attack the Syrian city; ' says so, it seems to be illogical to redeploy Daesh to a city that is going to be under attack. ' 
Since March 2011, Syria has been hit by militancy it blames on some Western states and their regional allies. Backed by the Russian air cover, the Syrian military is engaged in an operation to rid the country of Daesh and other terrorist groups. 
The foreign-backed militancy has left millions of people homeless. According to a UN report more than 400,000 people have been killed in the Syrian conflict.

ARTICLE

Posted on October 30, 2016 by Sean Adl-Tabatabai in News , US //  
Huma Abedin is seeking an immunity deal with the FBI in the wake of James Comey's announcement that the agency have reopened their investigation into Hillary Clinton's use of a private email server. 
Abedin, who serves as vice chairwoman of Hillary Clinton's 2016 campaign for President, is allegedly seeking the immunity deal so that if she testifies against Clinton and Obama, she will not face prosecution herself. 
According to an FBI insider , Huma has indicated that she would be willing to talk to them as long as they guarantee her immunity. related content

ARTICLE

Posted on October 30, 2016 by Edmondo Burr in Weird //  The discovery of an ancient coin in an Egyptian house which depicts an alien- like creature is proof that UFOs and aliens have visited earth during its history, according to UFO researchers. 
Researchers have found numerous coins in the past that depict 'flying objects', but a discovery like the one posted below seems to offer more concrete proof that we have indeed been visiting by aliens – tens of thousands of years ago. 
A newly found coin – which by the way has all the right ingredients for being called out as a fake — has woken interest among skeptics and UFOlogists who are debating about its origin and authenticity. related content World Leader Set To Confirm Aliens Visit Earth By End of 2016 
According to thesun.co.uk , 'during a house renovation in Egypt, someone came across a mysterious coin that seems to show the head of an extra-terrestrial being, with huge hollow eyes, a bald head and thin cheeks.” 
Mysterious Earth writes that: 'A group of people who worked on the renovation of a house in southern Egypt found a number of very rare coins.” 
While any have rushed forward suggesting this is by far the best evidence of alien visitations, we need to hold on for a minute here and look at other possibilities. 
While the coin is sensational to say the least, it doesn't necessarily mean its authentic, but for that matter neither fake. The truth is that with all findings of a similar controversy, people rush to make conclusions without considering all possibilities. 
The truth is that detailed information about the coin 'depicting an alien-like creature' is extremely limited. The only information we have is that it was discovered among 'other ancient coins' during a house renovation in Egypt. Nearly all of these coins have an inscription in Latin, which obviously mean they did not originate in Egypt, but most likely somewhere else. 
The coin with the mystery creature on its side has ' OPPORTUNUS Adest ” carved on the back, Latin for ' its here in due time. ” 
Whether or not the newly found coin depicting an alien-like creature is real or not remains a profound mystery. The most likely conclusion is that the coin is a modern forgery since NO EXPERTS have actually verified the item, analyzed it or seen it. All the information comes from different websites which can't agree on what's what. related content

ARTICLE

Posted on October 31, 2016 by Baxter Dmitry in News , World //  
Iceland kicked the FBI out of the country after learning the United States authorities lied to them about the purpose of their visit and were only there to gather information about WikiLeaks. 
Ogmundur Jonasson, Iceland's former minister of the interior, says he received an urgent message from the authorities in the United States saying that ' there was an imminent attack on Icelandic government databases ” by hackers, and that they would send FBI agents to investigate. RELATED CONTENT WikiLeaks: New Evidence Shows DNC Forced Bernie Out 
However upon their arrival it became apparent that there was no imminent attack and the FBI agents were only there to secretly gather intelligence on WikiLeaks and Julian Assange. 'Eight or nine” FBI agents were then ordered to leave the country. 
WikiLeaks has many members in Iceland, a nation of activists that has swept the anti-establishment Pirate Party to the verge of forming government with similar non-mainstream parties this weekend. 
Birgitta Jonsdottir, the Pirate's nominal leader, is a former WikiLeaks member who worked with Assange on the release of Collateral Murder in 2010. 
The FBI has form when it comes to investigating WikiLeaks via Iceland. In December 2010, the US attorney for the Eastern District of Virginia requested Twitter account information for Jonsdottir. The subpoena cited a specific conspiracy provision that may have been aimed at those thought to have assisted Private Manning. Birgitta Jónsdóttir, Member of Parliament and former WikiLeaks associate. 
Herbert Snorrason, a former WikiLeaks member once close to Assange, wrote on his website that he had been provided orders, unsealed on May 2, including a search warrant served on Google for ' all e-mail associated with my GMail account, every shred of information they had on my identity, and anything I'd uploaded to a Google service .” 
Snorrason says the reason for the search warrant was ' because I had a conversation or a few with a white-haired Australian guy . These kinds of orders have been served on more of the people I know than I really care to think about. ' 
Another young activist, Sigurdur Ingi Thordarson, told a closed session of Iceland's Parliament in 2013 that he had been cooperating with United States agents investigating WikiLeaks. Sigurdur Ingi Thordarson (known as Siggi) with Julian Assange in London. 
' He was at the time going back and forwards going to meet Julian. They were trying to get him to go there wearing a wire ,” Jonsdottir said in an interview. 
Ordering the FBI agents to leave proves the self-sufficient island nation does more than pay lip service to ideals of transparency and freedom. It is also a powerful display of sovereignty that suggests they will be true to their word regarding plans to grant citizenship to Edward Snowden. 
When asked by reporters if they are worried that granting a haven to the NSA whistleblower might rile their NATO ally, the United States, Jonsdottir said, ' Well, we have done things that don't make other nations happy before. Sometimes it's a case of doing what is right versus what is easy. ”

ARTICLE

Romney won the county overall by about 17% (58-41) four years ago. So this is an area that is full of Republican voters. But let's check out how the votes came in: 
EV = Early voting. This is people coming in to a polling place to vote before Election Day. Romney barely won among early voters by a 51-49 (2%) margin of the two-party vote. This represents a huge +15% Democrat advantage over the final outcome. 
AV = Absentee voters. These are people who mail in their ballots. Romney won among absentee ballot voters by a 60-40 (20%) margin of the two-party vote. This represents a small +3% GOP advantage over the final outcome. 
ED = Election Day voters. These are people who cast their ballots in person on Election Day. Romney won among Election Day voters by a 60-40 (20%) margin of the two-party vote. This represents a small +3 GOP advantage over the final outcome. 
So based on this data (and I have confirmed this when looking at other counties), Democrats are much better at casting early votes than they are at mailing in absentee ballots or showing up on Election Day. 
So. What are the 2016 election numbers for Lee County so far, you ask? Well, here you go – 
Early voting figures so far show a GOP advantage of 61-39 (22%) in the two-party vote. This is a 20-point pro-GOP swing over 2012. 
Absentee voting figures so far show a GOP advantage of 66-34 (32%) in the two-party vote. This is a 12-point pro-GOP swing over 2012. 
This data is indicative of a possibly huge Trump win in Florida, which is something that hasn't been showing up in the statewide polls. This suggests that the polls are underestimating the turnout of Trump's base. And if the polls are underestimating the turnout for Trump in Florida, then it is likely that they are likewise underestimating the turnout in other states as well. 
And note: Virtually all of this vote data came before news broke that Hillary is back under FBI investigation. So the numbers could move even more in Trump's favor between now and Election Day. 
Some really good news about early voting numbers in Florida. Keep in mind that Obama won Florida in 2012 by less than 1% of the vote and that Democrats usually perform much better in early voting than they do on Election Day. 
Obama won Hillsborough County (Tampa) by 7 points in 2012. Early voting shows Dems outperforming GOP voters by a similar margin this year. 
BUT Obama won Pinellas County (St. Petersburg) by 6 points in 2012, while the GOP actually has a slight early vote advantage there so far this year. 
AND Romney won Brevard County (Melbourne/Cocoa Beach) by 13 points in 2012. The GOP currently holds about a 16% advantage over Dems in the early vote there. 
Point of the above data is this: Trump is on pace to significantly outperform Romney in the state of Florida, meaning he is quite likely to win the huge swing state and all of its Electoral College votes. 
Obama beat Romney by 1% in FL and 4% nationally in 2012. So, let's call Florida 3% more pro-GOP than the country as a whole. It could well be that if Trump is beating Hillary by more than 3% in Florida (which is certainly possible given the early voting numbers), then that means he is actually AHEAD of Hillary nationally, and is on pace to win the popular vote, and is therefore quite likely to win the election.

ARTICLE

Breitbart.com reports: 
Long-time political operative Roger Stone told Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Stephen K. Bannon Wednesday of Hillary Clinton confidant Huma Abedin, 'Most of the experts I've spoken to conclude, looking at the various facts regarding Huma–her rise, where she came from, her family background, her various connections–conclude that she is most likely a Saudi spy, which is my own conclusion.” 
Stone also discusses the 'clear, deep, inarguable, indisputable connections between Huma Abedin and a Saudi Arabian official named Abdullah Omar Naseef … one of the founders of the Muslim World League (MWL). …. The MWL is directly tied to the Rabita Trust, a 'Specially Designated Global Terrorist Entity,” which Stone previously discussed : Naseef, the Muslim World League, and the government of Pakistan created the Rabita Trust in 1988. Naseef was a sponsor and financial supporter of Syed Abedin's IMMA. Just a month after the 9/11 jihadist attack left thousands dead and brought down the World Trade Center, President George W. Bush's Executive Order designated the Rabita Trust as a Specially Designated Global Terrorist Entity and the Treasury Department froze its assets on October 12, 2001. Naseef founded the Rabita Trust and remains involved with it to this day. A Treasury Department press release issued when Rabita Trust's assets were frozen indicated that Rabita Trust is headed by Wa'el Hamza Jalaidan, one of the founders of al-Qaida with bin Laden. He was the logistics chief of bin Laden's organization and fought on bin Laden's side in Afghanistan. Jalaidan himself was branded a Specially Designated Global Terrorist Entity by the United States Treasury Department, and his assets have been frozen, as well. 
Stone also contended that much of what the Clintons have done via their foundation is 'treasonous.” 
'They have taken money from the Chinese, the Russians, the Saudis and they'd sold our country's secrets. They've sold our country's decisions.” 
Stone delved into some of the emerging details involving Hillary confidant Huma Abedin previously with Breitbart News: Huma Abedin is Vice Chair of Hillary Clinton's 2016 presidential campaign. But Huma is more, much more than that. She is the person closest to the most powerful woman in American politics and perhaps the next President. Huma has been described variously as Hillary's 'body woman,” a sort of glorified go-to personal maid, gentle confidant, and by others as an Islamic spy. She may be all of these things, because as we shall see, Huma Abedin has an interesting and complex career history. 
Politico and several other Beltway media outlets followed up on Stone's previous appearance on Breitbart News Daily: ' Trump Ally: Clinton Aide Could Be 'Terrorist Agent' ”: In the wake of Sunday's deadly terrorist shooting in Orlando, Donald Trump's longtime friend and informal adviser wants the presumptive Republican nominee to hit Hillary Clinton even harder, suggesting the former secretary of state's top aide Huma Abedin could be a 'Saudi spy” or a 'terrorist agent.” Only Trump, Roger Stone said on Sirius XM's 'Breitbart News Daily,” will be able to draw the necessary amount of attention to the theories, which have drawn significant blowback from Democrats and Republicans alike. 'I also think that now that Islamic terrorism is going to be front and center, there's going to be a new focus on whether this administration, the administration of Hillary Clinton at State was permeated at the highest levels by Saudi intelligence and others who are not loyal Americans,” Stone said. 'I speak specifically of Huma Abedin, the right-hand woman, now vice-chairman or co-chairman of vice—of Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign.”

ARTICLE

Apparently Obama wasn't as worried about placing women in senior-level positions but Froman decided to offer up some suggestions anyway. 'While you did not ask for this, I prepared and attached a similar document on women.” 
Froman even went ahead and 'scoped out” which people should be appointed to which cabinet positions. 'At the risk of being presumptuous, I also scoped out how the Cabinet-level appointments might be put together, probability-weighting the likelihood of appointing a diverse candidate for each position (given one view of the short list) and coming up with a straw man distribution.” 
As New Republic points out, the Froman appointments ended up being almost entirely right. The cabinet list ended up being almost entirely on the money. It correctly identified Eric Holder for the Justice Department, Janet Napolitano for Homeland Security, Robert Gates for Defense, Rahm Emanuel for chief of staff, Peter Orszag for the Office of Management and Budget, Arne Duncan for Education, Eric Shinseki for Veterans Affairs, Kathleen Sebelius for Health and Human Services, Melody Barnes for the Domestic Policy Council, and more. For the Treasury, three possibilities were on the list: Robert Rubin, Larry Summers, and Timothy Geithner. This was October 6. The election was November 4. And yet Froman, an executive at Citigroup, which would ultimately become the recipient of the largest bailout from the federal government during the financial crisis, had mapped out virtually the entire Obama cabinet, a month before votes were counted. And according to the Froman/Podesta emails, lists were floating around even before that. Many already suspected that Froman, a longtime Obama consigliere, did the key economic policy hiring while part of the transition team. We didn't know he had so much influence that he could lock in key staff that early, without fanfare, while everyone was busy trying to get Obama elected. The WikiLeaks emails show even earlier planning; by September the transition was getting pre-clearance to assist nominees with financial disclosure forms. 
So if this history is any guide then the real power within a future Clinton administration is being formed right now. In fact, another email from January 2015 reveals that Elizabeth Warren was already 'intently focused on personnel issues” almost two full years ago as evidenced by the following recap of a conversation that the Hillary campaign had with her Chief of Staff, Dan Geldon. He was intently focused on personnel issues, laid out a detailed case against the Bob Rubin school of Democratic policy makers, was very critical of the Obama administration's choices, and explained at length the opposition to Antonio Weiss. We then carefully went through a list of people they do like, which EW sent over to HRC earlier. We spent less time on specific policies, because he seemed less interested in that. He spoke repeatedly about the need to have in place people with ambition and urgency who recognize how much the middle class is hurting and are willing to challenge the financial industry. 
To the extent there are any purists left, this should clear up any illusion of who controls the political powers that be.

ARTICLE

Posted on October 30, 2016 by Edmondo Burr in Middle East , News //  Iranian expert Emad Abshenass says Israel has found a way to bypass international rules and continue to excavate under the Islamic holy site of al-Aqsa Mosque in the Old City of Jerusalem. 
Israel continues to ignore international rules and digs beneath al-Aqsa compound in Jerusalem, which could lead to the collapse of the al-Aqsa Mosque, one of the holiest sites in Islam outside of Mecca and Medina in Saudi Arabia, and an apocalyptic conflict with Islam. RELATED CONTENT Hamas Warns It Won't 'Sit Idly By' As Israel Continues Striking Gaza 
The excavations are carried out by Israel in the name of science and archaeology to find evidence of Jewish history around the Temple Mount area, but could undermine the foundations of the old Mosque and pave the way for its collapse, which would then draw an anticipated Muslim backlash. 
Although UNESCO recently announced that the al-Aqsa Mosque compound is a Muslim holy site, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu is ' not paying attention to international rules. ' 
Sputnik reports: 
'Apparently, Israel couldn't accept such (UNESCO) position, and plans to continue excavations under the al-Aqsa Mosque. This is contrary to all possible rules, regulations, agreements and international obligations because after the monument was registered as a cultural heritage, any involuntary action that can destroy it is a crime against human rights,” Abshenass wrote for Sputnik Persian . 
UNESCO's Executive Committee on Thursday voted for the resolution, which acknowledged Jerusalem to be a holy city for Muslims, Christians and Jewish people, but named the Temple Mount, where the Al-Asqa mosque is located, a Muslim holy site. Following the resolution, Israel decided to halt cooperation with the UN agency. 
'The Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu seems to have found a way to bypass the decision of UNESCO, according to which this mosque was declared a cultural heritage site of Muslims. He will carry out excavations at the mosque, and later, when the mosque collapses, he will declare it an accident, the consequences of which will be irreversible,” the expert wrote. 
According to Abshenass, if the Israelis continue their policy towards Muslims and don't change their attitude, 'then the level of terrorist activity in the world could increase.” 
The expert noted that one of the causes of the Palestinian intifada were 'attacks” on Al-Aqsa Mosque. Thus Israel's actions may again cause 'attempts of retaliation” on the side of Muslims, he argued. 
The resolution, which was put forward by Palestine along with Lebanon, Egypt, Algeria, Morocco, Oman, Qatar and Sudan, was approved by 24 members of the 58-member organization, including Russia. Twenty-six countries abstained from voting, while only six countries voted against it.

ARTICLE

The medieval basilica of St Benedict in Norcia, the town closest to the epicentre, was among buildings destroyed. The Basilica of St. Benedict is destroyed, flattened by most recent earthquake. #Terremoto pic.twitter.com/GQDl64LhFn 
— The Monks of Norcia (@monksofnorcia) October 30, 2016 
An evacuation of buildings in the region deemed vulnerable to seismic activity last week, following strong aftershocks from August's quake, may have saved lives. 
Tremors from this latest earthquake were felt in the capital Rome, where the Metro system was shut down, and as far away as Venice in the north. 
The head of the national civil protection agency, Fabrizio Curcio, said there had been extensive damage to many historic buildings but no deaths had been registered. 
'About 20 people are injured. As far as people are concerned, the situation is positive, but many buildings are in a critical state in historic centres and there are problems with electricity and water supplies,” he added. 
Prime Minister Matteo Renzi has promised that everything will be rebuilt, saying resources will be found. 
'We are going through a really tough period,” he said. 'We must not allow the profound pain, fatigue and stress that we have now to turn into resignation.” 
Pope Francis mentioned the quake in his Sunday blessing in Rome's St Peter's Square. 
'I'm praying for the injured and the families who have suffered the most damage, as well as for rescue and first-aid workers,” he said to loud applause. 
According to Ansa the cathedral of Saint Maria Silver and the town hall were also reported to have been damaged along with the 4th century church in Rome commonly known as 'St Paul's Outside the Walls'. 
The news agency reported that cornices fell and cracks appeared in the walls after the quake struck central Italy and shook many buildings in the capital.

ARTICLE

A small percentage of these weapons of mass destruction is sufficient to destroy the world for centuries, as depicted in the film, Planet Of The Apes. 
Russia Insider : Paul Craig Roberts: ' Putin's Nukes Could Wipe Out Entire East Coast ' (PODCAST) If the US thinks it can continually transgress against Russia until Moscow gives in, it is gravely mistaken 
Suffice to say, though children are at play, this is not a game. 
Those who have been toying with outright war against Russia, and an escalation of the conflict in Syria, are putting the lives of all Americans at risk. 
Of course, the threat of nuclear annihilation has been with us since the earliest days of the Cold War, but Russia has now positioned itself with the largest and most destructive nuclear arsenal of any country in the world. 
Economist and political critic Dr. Paul Craig Roberts explains how diplomatic relations have broken between Russia and the United States, after the U.S. knowingly attacked pro-Assad Syria forces… that, of course, was the cherry on top of a host of insults, deliberate antagonism and a strategy that could only result in further chaos and war . 
The end of negotiations is unfortunately, given that fighting it out could mean thermonuclear war that would make Hiroshima and Nagasaki look trivial in comparison. 
After a period of some patience, Russia is now warning that the United States is dangerously close to turning a proxy war into a direct world war – and they are deadly serious about defending the motherland and their sworn allies – namely Assad. 
Any further attack could result in immediate destruction. 
Putin is a formidable opponent and Russia a powerful enemy. At present time, they have the capability of wiping the entire East Coast of the United States off the map – where more than 100 million people live. Will the ranking misleaders in Washington continue to gamble with all of our lives? 
via the Express : VLADIMIR Putin's nuclear stockpile could completely destroy the east coast of the US in one clean swipe should the Russian leader launch an attack on the West, an expert has warned. A staggering 112.6million people could be at risk of extermination from the deadly missiles. Russia has the largest haul of nuclear weapons of any country in the world and reportedly has the most powerful bomb named the SS-18 – menacingly nicknamed the Satan. Experts estimate Russia has 55 of the deadly weapons, but only five would be needed to destroy the East Coast of the US. […] 'Five or six of these 'Satans' as they are known by the US military, and the East Coast of the United States disappears.” Dr Roberts said: 'The atomic bombs that Washington dropped on these helpless civilian centres while the Japanese government was trying to surrender, were mere popguns compared to today's thermo-nuclear weapons. 
What's more, the Russian have hinted strongly at the possibility that they would be able to disable electronics, communications and defense shields in the U.S. via electromagnetic warfare – perhaps an EMP . 
Worst of all, the American misleaders haven't even got a good reason for putting the population at such a risk – strategy in the middle east is muddied at best, and prodding for war with Russia doesn't carry a clear narrative either. 
The world could change, and American power could end in a few decisive minutes. Hopefully it would never come to that, but we shouldn't live in a false world where we pretend these situations can't harm us.

ARTICLE

On Sunday Syrian state media said rebels had used chemical weapons against government-controlled districts of Aleppo. 

RT reports: 
Scores of civilians, including several children, were killed while hundreds of others were wounded in 'relentless and indiscriminate” attacks carried out by opposition groups in the western districts of Aleppo, according to the UN statement. 
'Those who argue that this is meant to relieve the siege of eastern Aleppo should be reminded that nothing justifies the use of disproportionate, indiscriminate [attacks,] including heavy weapons on civilian areas and it could amount to war crimes,” de Mistura said. 
He echoed the condemnation voiced by the UN secretary-general regarding the attacks on schools. The special envoy also criticized the 'use of heavy airpower on civilian areas.” 
'The civilians of both sides of Aleppo have suffered enough due to futile but lethal attempts of subduing the city of Aleppo,” he said. 'They now need and deserve a stable ceasefire covering this ancient city of Syria.” 
Earlier on Sunday, state news agency SANA reported that 'shells containing poison gases” had been fired at the residential district of al-Hamdaniya in western, government-held Aleppo. 
RT Arabic's crew in Aleppo reported 36 cases of suffocation. Al-Mayadeen reported that all the victims of the attack are civilians. 
Just recently, the Russian Defense Ministry reported on a number of attacks in Aleppo that targeted schools and claimed the lives of at least three children in the period of 24 hours. Twelve more people died in an attack on a humanitarian aid corridor opened next to a school in the Al-Mashariq district, according to the ministry's information. Twelve more people were injured. 
Meanwhile, according to Russia's Permanent Mission to the United Nations, over 16,000 people have fallen victim to opposition groups meant to be under US control. 'From February to September, the opposition groups that are supposed to be under the US control committed 2,031 violations of the [cessation of hostilities], which claimed lives of 3,532 military personnel and 12,800 civilians,” the Mission's statement, published on the website of the Russian Foreign Ministry, reads. 
According to Dr. Said Sadek, professor of Political Sociology at the American University of Cairo, it's not likely that Western powers and the Gulf states will end their backing for rebel groups, even if they are found responsible for using chemical weapons in Aleppo. 'We have to understand that for six years, the Western countries and the Gulf states invested in those 'moderate' or radical groups, and so they cannot abandon them,” Sadek explained. 'They cannot pull out now and say, 'OK we discovered that we are wrong, let's get out and leave them.' They have invested in them and they will still use them for bargaining in the future of Syria.”

ARTICLE

Russia Today reports: 
RT Arabic's crew in Aleppo reports 36 cases of suffocation. 
'A couple of hours ago we received some 35 patients, all mildly hurt. Their symptoms match those that appear when a person is poisoned by chlorine gas,” doctor Yazan Sarmani told Ruptly at Al Razi hospital in Aleppo. 
'The victims are soldiers but there are also civilians among them. They all suffered from chlorine gas [poisoning], that is why they showed intensive lacrimation and breathing difficulties. We took care of them, administered oxygen and gave them medicine. Some of them had to be hospitalized,” he added. 
Al-Mayadeen earlier reported that all the victims of the attack are civilians. 
'The symptoms the victims showed were the same, but of different severity: watery eyes, frothing at the mouth, vomiting, nausea. All were either lightly or mildly hurt,” doctor Zahir Hamdi Hadzhu, a medical examiner from Aleppo, also told RT Arabic over the phone. 'We asked some victims what they smelled… Their responses were the same: after the fall of the shell they [smelled] the odor which is often met at swimming pools.” 
'The symptoms and the smell indicate that chlorine gas was used. The final confirmation will be available after lab tests,” he said, adding that there may be more than 40 victims of the gas attack, as patients keep coming in. 
Militants reportedly used the poisonous gas in an attack on the Assad Military Academy in the Assad Suburb in western Aleppo, as a part of a broader offensive against government positions in the city which was launched on Friday. 
Victims at the hospital described the gas attack to Ruptly video agency. 
'They fired at us from mortars and attacked our positions with armored vehicles. We were circled. Shells were falling like rain. They also fired some poisonous substance at us. Then we were brought here,” a man wearing army camouflage said. 
'The whole world should now see what is going on in the south-western part of Aleppo where the terrorists are using the chemical weapons again,” says political analyst Bassam Abdullah. 'We should know that we are in front of terrorist groups, not moderate opposition, which are not respecting international law. Every day and night they are attacking the western part of Aleppo, while at the same time, the Syrian Army with the Russians… opened aid exits for civilians from the eastern part to go outside. We know that terrorists are preventing anyone to leave the eastern part of Aleppo.” 
It is not yet confirmed what gas was used in the attack, but Al Mayadeen claims that fighting near the academy continues. 
The head of the political office of the Aleppo-based rebel group Fastaqim denied the report of gas being used in the attack, according to Reuters. 
According to RT reporter Murad Gazdiev, who is in Aleppo, nine people were killed and 50 more injured in militant shelling on Sunday morning. 
'As part of this rebel offensive in Aleppo we are also hearing that they are utilizing suicide bombers. Four apparent infiltrators blew themselves up inside Aleppo city,” Gazdiev said. 
He added that 10 other similar cases are said to have occurred at the frontline with 'armored personnel carriers, trucks packed with explosives blowing their way through the Syrian defenses.” 
Rebels launched a major offensive against government forces in Aleppo this week, attempting to break the siege on the eastern part of the city which they now control. Rebels from various groups are taking part in the assault, including those fighting under the FSA (Free Syrian Army) banner and Islamist militants. 
Last week, Russian and Syrian government forces halted strikes on the rebel-held positions in the city, hoping the initiative would lead to a long-awaited ceasefire. But according to military intelligence, militants used this period to transfer reinforcements to the area of Khan Tuman in the south and Kafr Hamra in the north of Aleppo, amounting to about 8 thousand fighters. 
The Syrian government has been recently accused of using chemical weapons, including chlorine gas, in its attacks on militants. Several reports by the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons (OPCW) and the UN's joint Investigative Mechanism (JIM) claimed that Syrian Arab Air Force helicopters used chemical weapons in a number of cases in 2014 and 2015. Moscow, however, dismissed these accusations, pointing to the lack solid proof and substantiated evidence that it was in fact the Syrian Army that conducted the attacks in question. The use of chlorine as a weapon is prohibited under the 1997 Chemical Weapons Convention, which Syria joined in 2013, after a Russian diplomatic effort. In January of that year, OPCW confirmed the destruction of all chemical weapons declared by the Syrian Arab Republic.

ARTICLE

  Carol Adl in News , World //  
Australia is to allow individuals and business's to cultivate medicinal cannabis crops under strict government license and guidelines in an effort to substitute imports with a domestic supply. 
The recreational use of marijuana will however remains a criminal activity. 
RT reports: 
The commencement of the Narcotic Drugs Amendment Act 2016 on October 30, 2016, marks a milestone for Australia's medicinal cannabis prospects. The new regulations allow for the licensing of cannabis cultivation and the production of cannabis and cannabis resins for medicinal and scientific purposes. RELATED CONTENT British Government Admits Marijuana Has 'Medicinal Value' 
Until now, it has been difficult for patients to access medicinal cannabis products from overseas sources,” Federal Health Minister Sussan Ley said in a statement released on Sunday. 
'These new laws change that situation by providing for a domestic supply of medicinal cannabis products that are not readily available for import.” 
However, while pharmaceuticals will gain an advantage from the new law, recreational pot smokers are left disappointed, as consuming marijuana still remains a criminal activity. 
'I want to emphasize that the changes to the Narcotic Drugs Act do not decriminalize cannabis for recreational use,” Ley said. 
Under the act, those companies ready to grow their weed plants must comply with state and territory drug legislations which would allow companies to classify their harvest in accordance with the Therapeutic Goods Administration. 
To hold a license for cannabis production, business will need to pass 'strict fit and proper persons requirements and other legislative tests relating to security.” It is left up to individual states and territories to award licenses and outline the types of cannabis plants that can be cultivated and the quantities that can be produced.

ARTICLE

  Edmondo Burr in Technology //  Nano drone used by U.S. Special Forces in Afghanistan Russia is developing a micro reconnaissance drone and other miniature UAVs that can be easily replaced if shot down on the battle field. 
The pocket-sized reconnaissance drones are easy to launch and cheap to manufacturer. 
RT.com reports: 
' Right now we are working on several types of UAVs, ” Russia's United Instrument Corporation said in a statement. ' Each drone or a group of drones will be chosen to perform specific missions depending on the objective, weather conditions and the landscape, ” the company added. RELATED CONTENT Russia: US, Allies To Blame For Russian Embassy Attack In Damascus 
The Russian mini-UAVs will challenge the 16-gram Norwegian-built Black Hornet drone, which is currently used by the US Marine Corps' Special Ops units. 
All the drones in the line are dragonfly-sized copters, which are easy to control, maneuver and maintain, according to the manufacturer. 
The operational rage of the aircraft will be enough to carry out battlefield reconnaissance as well as take part in law enforcement and anti-terrorist operations. 
' Such drones are relatively cheap and can be quickly replaced if shot down or malfunctioning, and this is what makes them so special, ” the statement added. 
The copters will capture and transfer HD videos and photos in real time, allowing the operator to identify even the tiniest details on the ground. Another important feature of the drones is their ease of use, United Instrument Corporation said. Controlling them will require a very short learning curve, and mere minutes needed to make the aircraft operational. Black Hornet Drone

ARTICLE

  Sean Adl-Tabatabai in News , US //  
Hillary Clinton has kicked longtime aide Huma Abedin from her campaign plane in Florida, fuelling rumors that Abedin is about to give the FBI information that could lead to an indictment for Hillary. #Hillarysemail Huma Abedin is not on the plane with #HillaryClinton today. She must be freaking out especially since she signed this doc. pic.twitter.com/KOwI5rN1pW 
— Trump Street Team FL (@ChatRevolve) October 29, 2016 RELATED CONTENT Treason: Clinton Sold State Secrets To Middle East Via Huma Abedin 
The news comes on the same day that the FBI obtained a warrant to search emails on Anthony Weiner's laptop. 
Law enforcement sources say that the emails were sent and received through Huma Abedin's laptop – the same device used to send thousands of emails to Clinton. 
Speaking at a campaign rally in Golden, Colo. yesterday, Donald Trump questioned whether Hillary would fire Huma, given the news that she was so heavily implicated in the email scandal. 
' Huma's been a problem … I wonder if Huma is going to stay there and I hope they haven't given Huma immunity because she knows the real story — she knows what's going on, ” Trump said. 
' How can you have all of this incredible confidential, secret information and have your top person married to this guy? ” Trump asked. ' Everyone said one thing has nothing to do with another — well, it turns out it does .” 
Nbcnews.com reports: 
Agents will now compare the latest batch of messages with those that have already been investigated to determine whether any classified information was sent from Clinton's server. 
Clinton called the move an 'unprecedented” departure from FBI policy, and on Sunday, Senate Democratic leader Harry Reid scolded Comey for potentially breaking the law. 
'Your actions in recent months have demonstrated a disturbing double standard for the treatment of sensitive information, with what appears to be clear intent to aid one political party over another,” the letter says. 'I am writing to inform you that my office has determined that these actions may violate the Hatch Act.” 
The act bars government officials from using their authority to influence elections. 
— Jeff Pegues (@jeffpeguescbs) October 30, 2016 Image surfaces of Huma Abedin crying on plane as Clinton Campaign finds out the FBI has re-opened the email investigation. #HillarysEmails pic.twitter.com/2yIUgiYOsV

ARTICLE

Natural Blaze reports: 
After months of similar struggle to protect sacred burial grounds and the Missouri river, opposers of the DAPL were blessed today when a herd of buffalo appeared from nowhere. While mass arrests, macing, and beatings from batons took place, a stampede of bison appeared near the Standing Rock protest camp. Reportedly, a cry of joy erupted from the crowd, as protectors have been praying for help from the American bison (known as Tatanka Oyate) during their standoff with riot police and national guardsmen. 
As UsUncut relays, the Native American culture honors the Tatanka Oyate as a symbol of sacrifice. Its appearance is reportedly being hailed as a gift from the Great Spirit. 
Buffalo are revered as symbols of sacrifice in Native American culture. Indigenous people believe the American bison, which are also known as 'Tatanka Oyate” or 'Buffalo Nation,” sacrifice themselves in order to supply their meat and their hides for people.

ARTICLE

Judge Orders Release Of 15,000 Clinton Emails Hidden From Public First, Tom's travel date hasn't been set – will be Tuesday or Wednesday we think. He is coordinating with Don Restrepo to see if they can go together [Redacted due to information 'kept secret in the interest of national defense or foreign policy”] So that's where we are. We'll have more to report tomorrow. *** From Sullivan, Jacob J SullivanJJ@state.gov To : H Sent : Sun Oct 25 [11:49:45] 2009 Subject : Re: Honduras Sounds good. There will be those who take a hard line on the elections, but perhaps some fence-sitting countries could be persuaded on conditional recognition. I'll flag it for Tom and Craig. From : H Sent : Mon Oct 26 07:27:12 2009 Subject : Fw: Honduras All of this did not print last night, It stopped after Fourth! [Redacted due to information 'kept secret in the interest of national defense or foreign policy;” 'foreign relations or foreign activities of the US, including confidential sources”] From : Huma Abedin [Huma@clintonemail.com] Sent : Monday, October 26, 2009 8:06:12 AM To : humaabedin [Redacted] Subject : Fw: Honduras 
The emails also include an exchange between Abedin, Clinton personal assistant Lauren Jiloty, and Iris Anaya, the assistant to sugar magnate and Clinton Foundation donor Alfonso Fanjul concerning a request for special access to Clinton. On October 13, 2009, Anaya emailed Abedin seeking to arrange a meeting between Fanjul, the CEO of Florida Crystals, and Clinton. Jiloty responded the next day, asking that Anaya talk with Clinton scheduler Lona Valmoro about 'setting up a meeting.” Fanjul donated more than $100,000 to the Clinton Foundation and was a Bill Clinton co-chairman in Florida. 
In an October 26, 2009, email exchange, power attorney and Hillary Clinton financial supporter, Charlie Ann Syprett, contacted Doug Band, apparently seeking help in getting around U.S. Office of Foreign Asset Control (OFAC) restrictions on U.S. citizens' ability to travel to Cuba. Syprett ostensibly wanted a waiver from the restrictions to enable people from her organization, SYC Charitable Foundation, to travel to Cuba, noting 'we are not asking for something out of the ordinary.” 
The emails also show that Valmoro sent Clinton's government schedule to the unsecure email addresses of numerous members of the Clinton Foundation staff on October 16, 2009, again on October 18, 2009, and on October 25, 2009. The emails also include discussions of personnel matters and appointments on Clinton's unsecure account, which may run afoul of federal privacy law. 
This is the thirteenth set of records produced for Judicial Watch by the State Department from the non-state.gov email accounts of Huma Abedin. The documents were produced under a court order in a May 5, 2015, Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) lawsuit against the State Department requiring the agency to produce 'all emails of official State Department business received or sent by former Deputy Chief of Staff Huma Abedin from January 1, 2009 through February 1, 2013, using a 'non-state'.gov email address” ( Judicial Watch, Inc. v. U.S. Department of State (No. 1:15-cv-00684)). Previous records releases documented special Clinton State Department consideration for Clinton Foundation supporters (see here , here , and here .) 
'We've once again uncovered classified information in Hillary Clinton's and Huma Abedin's emails,” said Judicial Watch President Tom Fitton. 'It is frankly remarkable that the FBI and Justice Department are only now investigating Abedin's connection to Clinton's mishandling of classified information.”

ARTICLE

Posted on November 1, 2016 by Sean Adl-Tabatabai in News , US //  
A bombshell investigation has revealed that software used in almost all precincts across the U.S. is used to commit election fraud on an enormous scale. 
Bev Harris, a leading expert on voter fraud, filmed what she describes as ' the most devastating election theft mechanism yet found ,” that allows officials to change the results of the election. 
Infowars.com reports: 
Used in precincts all across the country, the software – deemed 'the most devastating election theft mechanism yet found” – allows votes to be fractured and rounded up or down to sway the results for any candidate. RELATED CONTENT Democratic Party Leader Served Election Fraud Lawsuit 
According to Harris, a member of the non-partisan Black Box Voting investigative team, this latest discovery constitutes the 'missing piece” that blows the lid off of wide-scale voter fraud. 
'It was put in the system in 2001 but it came into wide use in 2006,” Harris said. 'It took someone with a special set of skills to know what to look for.” 
A mini-documentary by Black Box Voting on the discovery shows real-time demonstrations with the secretive software. 
'It can give contract signing authority to whoever the user chooses,” the video's description states. 'All political power can be converted to the hands of a few anonymous subcontractors.” 
'It runs silently, invisibly, and can produce plausible results that really pass for the real thing.” 
Further analysis on the malicious software provided by Alex Jones reveals how this revelation ties into the 2016 presidential election.

ARTICLE

Posted on November 1, 2016 by Sean Adl-Tabatabai in News , UK //  
The director general of the MI5 intelligence agency in the UK has declared Russia a 'threat to national security” in a grave warning on Monday. 
Speaking with the Guardian , Andrew Parker warned that Russia is currently using all of its cutting-edge tools in order to undermine Britain. 
Presstv.com reports: 
'It is using its whole range of state organs and powers to push its foreign policy abroad in increasingly aggressive ways – involving propaganda, espionage, subversion and cyber-attacks. Russia is at work across Europe and in the UK today. It is MI5's job to get in the way of that,” he told the UK's prominent paper. RELATED CONTENT Ukraine President Warns Of World War 3 With Russia 
He said that Russia has already some intelligence officers in the UK and has been threatening the UK covertly for decades, but 'what's different these days is that there are more and more methods available.” 
Moscow is using cyberwarfare to target military secrets, industrial projects, economic information as well as the British government and foreign policy, he added. 
He went on to say that Moscow 'defines itself by opposition to the west and seems to act accordingly.” 
Relations between Russia and the west soured after people in Ukraine's Black Sea peninsula of Crimea voted for rejoining the Russian Federation in a referendum in March 2014. 
The West branded the move as Moscow's annexation of the territory, with the US and its allies in Europe accusing the country of having a hand in the conflict in eastern Ukraine. 
Russia's relationship with the US and the UK has also become unfriendly over the crisis in Syria, where Moscow has been conducting an air campaign at the request of the Syrian government to fight Daesh terrorists there since September 30, 2015. 
US-led coalition has also been conducting airstrikes in Syria to purportedly target terrorist groups like Daesh since 2014, but they openly fund and equip militant groups who are waging war against the government of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad. 
On October 20, British Prime Minister Theresa May called on European leaders to unite against Russia and stop what she referred to as Russian 'atrocities” in Syria. 
'It is vital that we work together to continue to put pressure on Russia to stop these appalling atrocities, these sickening atrocities, in Syria,” the premier said. 
Russia's military campaign has helped the Syrian government defeat the Takfiri terrorists in many regions across the country.

ARTICLE

Putin Prepares For World War 3 With Simulated Drills Across Russia 
'This is very dangerous for Norway and Norwegians,” he said. 
'How should we react to this? We have never before had Norway on the list of targets for our strategic weapons. But if this develops, Norway's population will suffer,” he warned. 
'Because we need to react against definitive military threats. And we have things to react to, I might as well tell it like it is,” Klintsevitsj added. 
Russia has on several occasions criticized the plans to deploy 330 US troops at Værnes. Norway's defence minister, Ine Eriksen Søreide, has rejected those criticisms and insisted that the deployment does not constitute a US military base but is rather a test run that will be evaluated during 2017. 
'There is no objective reason for the Russians to react to this. But the Russians are reacting at the moment in the same way toward almost everything the Nato countries are doing,” Søreide said. 
Before joining Nato in 1949, Norway allayed Russian fears by pledging not to open its territory to foreign combat troops so long as Norway was not attacked or threatened with attack. 
Norway's government argues that Nato troops are already training regularly in the country and that the deployment of troops does not equate to the opening of a permanent American base. 
The US already has vast amounts of military equipment positioned in Norway — notably in tunnels dug into mountains — but no troops. 
Klintsevitsj's remarks bring to mind similar Russian comments made about Norway's neighbour to the south, Denmark. 
In March 2015, Russia's ambassador to Denmark warned that Danish ships will become Russian targets if Denmark joins Nato's missile defence system. 
'I don't think the Danes fully understand the consequences of what will happen if Denmark joins the American-controlled missile defence. If it happens, Danish war ships will become targets for Russian atomic missiles,” Mikhail Vanin wrote in an opinion piece published by Jyllands-Posten.

ARTICLE

Michelle Obama Deletes Hillary Clinton From Twitter When Hillary goes low, Michelle goes BYE! Posted on November 1, 2016 by Baxter Dmitry in News , US // 1 Comment 
Michelle Obama has scrubbed all references to Hillary Clinton from both of her Twitter accounts as news breaks that Clinton is under two different FBI investigations involving four FBI offices. 
The @FLOTUS account has been wiped clean of all traces of Hillary, and @MichelleObama , a verified page with almost six million followers, has been scrubbed all the way back to 2013. 
Is Michelle performing a last minute tidy up, clearing out the clutter before the dumpster fire of the Democratic campaign finally burns out? RELATED CONTENT Obama Administration Begs Court Not To Depose Hillary Clinton 
Are the Washington elite preparing to move on from Hillary? 
Bernie Sanders has also begun to change his tune. A Twitter post today sure didn't sound like it was referring to Hillary Clinton. Now is the time for our next president to rally people against Wall Street and corporate greed and stand up for the declining middle class. 
— Bernie Sanders (@BernieSanders) October 30, 2016 
Bernie was asked by a supporter about the write-in thing – and his response might surprise you. ' If you want to write me in here [Vermont], I think it's fine.”

ARTICLE

RT.com reports: 
The search warrant allows the bureau to scour through some 650,000 emails discovered on a laptop belonging to ex-Congressman Anthony Weiner and apparently also used by his wife, Clinton's closest aide Huma Abedin. The probe is set to check if any of the texts are related to the reopened investigation of the former secretary of state's private email use. 
The authorization came two days after FBI Director James Comey finally revealed the existence of the emails stash which was reportedly discovered by the agency in early October. 
' The process has begun, ” a federal law enforcement official told the New York Times. 
The new emails were discovered as part of a separate 'sexting' probe into former Representative Anthony Weiner (D-New York). His electronic devices were seized during that investigation. 
Abedin claims she has no knowledge of any of her emails being on the electronic device belonging to her husband, CBS News has learned on Sunday. A source told the network that newly-discovered emails belonged to Weiner, not his wife, who left her husband earlier this year over his sexting addiction. 
Clinton's longtime aide is allegedly cooperating with the investigation and ' seemed surprised that the emails were there, ” according to the CBS source. 
On Friday, FBI Director Comey announced that due to new findings, the criminal investigation into Hillary Clinton's private email server had been reopened, as he sent a letter notifying Congress of the email review. 
The review, which is likely to take weeks, will seek to determine whether any of those messages are work-related, and whether they include either classified information or important new evidence in the probe aimed to check whether Clinton's actions undermined US national security. 'I can't predict how long this will take us to complete'– Comey on reopening Clinton email investigation https://t.co/6SJJAU349V pic.twitter.com/EjuwwFENZ8 
— RT America (@RT_America) 28 October 2016 
The unexpected announcement came just over a week before Americans head to the polls to determine the winner in the race for the White House between Democrat Clinton and Republican Donald Trump. Even though some of those emails passed through Clinton's private server and could be duplicates of the information already handled by the FBI as part of the previous investigation, the probe is unlikely to wrap up before November 8. 
Concerned by the FBI's move to relaunch the investigation so close to the election date, US Senate Democratic leader Harry Reid on Sunday sent a letter to the FBI director hinting that Comey had violated the Hatch Act, which bars the use of an executive branch position to influence an election. 
' Through your partisan actions, you may have broken the law, ” Reid, a senator from Nevada, said in the letter to Comey. 
Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta and campaign manager Robby Mook also questioned the legality of the FBI's actions. Comey's letter to Congress was ' long on innuendo, short on facts, ” Podesta told CNN's State of the Union. ' We are calling on Mr. Comey to come forward and explain what's at issue here, ” Podesta said, adding the significance of the emails was unclear. 
In the meantime, the NYT reported that senior Justice Department officials vowed to make all resources available to conduct the investigation as quickly as possible. 
In July the FBI's long investigation of Clinton's private email use during her time as secretary of state ended without any charges.

ARTICLE

USA Today reports: 
Aoun, 81, is an ally of Hezbollah, the Shiite militia and political party backed by Iran that has helped Syrian President Bashar Assad survive a five-year civil war on Lebanon's border. 
The vote for Aoun, by 83 of parliament's 127 members, shows Iran-backed political factions shouldered past those aligned with Saudi Arabia, replacing Syria as Lebanon's chief foreign power broker. 
Aoun's 'victory now is a victory for Hezbollah and that alliance, and certainly a kind of black eye for Saudi Arabia,” said Paul Salem, vice president for policy and research at the Middle East Institute, a think tank in Washington, D.C. 
Saad Hariri, a pro-Western and Saudi-oriented politician, formally endorsed Aoun last week after failing to garner enough support for the presidency. In return, Aoun is expected to appoint Hariri prime minister. 
'It's a power-sharing system,” Salem said. 'In a way, the status quo will continue.” 
U.S. State Department spokesman John Kirby congratulated Lebanon on the election results. 
'This is a moment of opportunity, as Lebanon emerges from years of political impasse, to restore government functions and build a more stable and prosperous future for all Lebanese citizens,” he said in a statement. 
Asked later about Aoun's support from Hezbollah, which the State Department has designated a terrorist organization, Kirby said: 'Let' see what decisions he makes, what kind of leadership he exudes as president.” 
The U.S. routinely assesses its foreign assistance programs 'and we will do that with Lebanon going forward,” Kirby said at a press briefing. 
Aoun's election drew immediate praise from a top adviser to Iran's supreme leader Ali Khamenei. 
The adviser, Ali Akbar Velayati, described the choice as a victory for Iran and its allies in Lebanon, because the Lebanese president is 'a very significant ring in the chain of the Islamic resistance,” according to Iran's government-owned Tasnim News Agency. 
Aoun, in his first speech after becoming president, pledged to fight corruption and protect Lebanon from the fires raging around it, referring to the Syrian civil war, according to the Associated Press. He also promised to liberate contested territory under 'Israeli occupation,” according to Hezbollah's Al Manar-TV, apparently referring to territory Israel considers part of the Golan Heights, which it conquered from Syria during the 1967 war. Saad Hariri and Michel Aoun 
Lebanon has been without a head of state since May 2014, when then-president Michel Suleiman's six-year term expired. Since then, 45 sessions to elect a new leader have failed because of political infighting, the AP reported. Hezbollah leader Nasrallah and Michel Aoun

ARTICLE

Posted on October 31, 2016 by Sean Adl-Tabatabai in News , US // 4 Comments 
An FBI source has confirmed that evidence has emerged from the Clinton email investigation that a massive child trafficking and pedophile sex ring operates in Washington. 
According to reports , at least 6 members of Congress and several leaders from federal agencies are implicated in the pedophile ring, which they say was run directly with the Clinton Foundation as a front. 
According to an NYPD source, emails found on Anthony Weiner's laptop detail trips made by Weiner, Bill and Hillary Clinton on convicted pedophile pal billionaire Jeffrey Epstein's plane ' Lolitta express ' to a place known as ' Sex Slave Island '. Will this be the fatal shot? NYPD talking about Child Porn ring involvement. This is NOT confirmed, but would gut Dems. #GoHillary #CNNSOTU pic.twitter.com/ke8YTz4DMh RELATED CONTENT

ARTICLE

Posted on October 31, 2016 by Edmondo Burr in News , US //  A man dressed as Freddy Krueger and an accomplice have shot five people at a large Halloween party in San Antonio, Texas. 
Early Sunday a man dressed like the fictional serial killer from the film 'Nightmare on Elm Street' opened fire on a large crowd after an argument turned violent. 
The shooters are still at large. 
Kens5 reports: 
The shooting happened on the 2900 block of Aspen Meadow around 5 a.m. on Sunday. One of the residents who did not want to go on camera said he was throwing the party with his housemates and was taking fees at the door. RELATED CONTENT Two Teenagers Dead And 17 Injured In Florida Nightclub Shooting 
He said several men he did not know showed up to the home and started a fight with his friends. He said the argument escalated into a shooting. 
He said several people who attended the party captured part of the fight on Snapchat. This later reportedly helped police identify that there were two shooters involved. He said one man had a shotgun and the second man had a hand-gun. 
There were five people who were injured in the shooting. Police said that one injured woman tried to drive to the hospital, but wrecked her car along the way. Jasmine De Hoyos, who attended the party, said there were more than a hundred people at the home. She said she helped one of the victims who got shot in the arm. 
'I kind of applied pressure to the wound to make sure he didn't bleed out. A couple of his friends were there with us. So, we were trying to keep him calm,” said De Hoyos. 
No arrests have been made and police are still searching for the shooters. 
'I'm kind of sad that this happened in this neighborhood because I like living here. It's a really good neighborhood. It is what it is, and we're just going to keep an eye out and try to keep each other's back,” said Jeremy Collins, another neighbor. 
The resident of the home who did not want to go on camera said one of his friends who got shot in the stomach is still in critical condition.

ARTICLE

Posted on October 31, 2016 by Carol Adl in News , US //  
The United Nations and Amnesty International have both announced that they are sending officials to investigate allegations of human rights violations at the site of the Dakota Access Pipeline at the Standing Rock Sioux Reservation in North Dakota. 
According to a UN press release expert Grand Chief Edward John was due to arrive at Standing Rock on Saturday 30th October to gather information on human rights violations RELATED CONTENT UN Panel Warns About Israel & Saudi Arabia's Human Rights Violations 
Grand Chief Edward John has been an Indigenous expert member of the UNPFII from North America for the past six years. 
As a UN expert, he will be visiting in his official capacity to observe the continued impacts of the Dakota Access Pipeline (DAPL) construction such as threats to water, treaty rights and sacred areas. 
He will also collect information and testimonies on the escalating levels of repression, violence and intimidation against tribal members and their supporters by state law enforcement, private security and the National Guard. Roberto Borrero representing the International Indian Treaty Council (IITC) will accompany him as a human rights observer. IITC Board member William Means of the Oglala Lakota Nation is already on site. 
Inquisitr reports: 
Amnesty International announced Friday that they were sending a delegation of human rights observers to monitor the response of law enforcement against DAPL protesters after concerns mounted about increasingly violent actions towards the peaceful protesters. 'A Shameful Moment for This Country”: Report Back on Militarized Police Raid of DAPL Resistance Camp https://t.co/grje8XIA3N pic.twitter.com/mzDNDDy7tS 
— Democracy Now! (@democracynow) October 28, 2016 

Police have responded to protesters in some instances with pepper spray, bean bags, and other controversial means, and used private security staff with guard dogs in one confrontation with protesters that included women and children. Amnesty International also reports that those recently arrested have reported being strip searched and forced to pay bail for minor offenses. 
Members of the media and legal observers have also been arrested or charged with minor offenses. The arrest of journalists and filmmakers covering the #DAPL is a threat to democracy #StandWithAmy 
— Sam Praus (@SamanthaPraus) October 17, 2016 
Amnesty International sent a letter to the Morton County Sheriff's Department expressing concern about the degree of force used against the protesters and is calling on the Department of Justice to investigate the police practices being used against them. 
'Arrests of protesters, who call themselves water protectors, have increased in recent weeks and law enforcement has employed a more militarized response to protests and encampments near the construction site of the Dakota Access Pipeline.” The international human rights agency sent a delegation of observers to the area in August. They report that they have stayed in contact both with members of the Standing Rock community and those policing the protests since then. Live from #StandingRock #NoDAPL prayer ceremony/drum circle on road blocked by police for DAPL workers- making clear who they serve&protect pic.twitter.com/tD3iUzcm3g 
— NYC Revolution Club (@NYCRevClub) October 29, 2016 *

ARTICLE

Posted on November 1, 2016 by Edmondo Burr in Middle East , News //  The Turkish military have begun deploying tanks and military hardware to towns in the Sirnak province bordering Iraq, according to military sources on Tuesday. 
Reuters reports: 
The sources did not give a reason for the deployment, but President Tayyip Erdogan said on Saturday Turkey was aiming to reinforce its troops there, saying Ankara would have a 'different response” for Shi'ite militia groups if they 'cause terror” in the Iraqi city of Tal Afar. RELATED CONTENT India Deploys 100 Tanks In Remote Border Region With China 
Photos from the military sources showed a long column of vehicles, including tanks, tank rescue vehicles and construction vehicles in single file on a dual carriageway. 
The deployment coincides with an Iraqi operation to drive Islamic State from the northern Iraqi city of Mosul and after Iraqi Shi'ite militias launched a related offensive to push the jihadists out of the town of Tal Afar further west. 
Ankara has warned against such a move toward Tal Afar, which is some 170 km (106 miles) from Silopi and home to a sizeable ethnic Turkmen population with historic and cultural ties to Turkey. 
Sirnak province, where Silopi is located, is also one of the main areas of conflict between the Turkish military and Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK) militants, who have bases in northern Iraq.

ARTICLE

Sputnik reports: 
Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull said the government is set to present a parliamentary bill to amend the Migration Act , and prevent adults who are sent to Australia's offshore immigration centers from receiving an Australian visa in the future. 
'This will send the strongest possible signal to the people smugglers, it will send the strongest possible signal to those who are seeking to persuade persons currently on Nauru and Manus (the islands where Australia's immigration centers are located) that the Australian government will change its mind and allow them to settle here,” Turnbull said. 
Australian barrister Greg Barns, spokesman for the Australian Lawyers Alliance, told Radio Sputnik that the proposal breaches the UN Refugee Convention. This declares that refugees are entitled to claim asylum regardless of their method of reaching a country, if they say they have been persecuted in their country of origin. The government's plan would prevent migrants from visiting Australia many years later, while on business or as tourists, even if they have successfully settled in a third country and gained citizenship there. 
'It's the most draconian legislation the world has ever seen, it's unprecedented in global terms, and it means that Australia puts itself, yet again, in the basket of pariah states when it comes to those sorts of issues ,” Barns said. 
Turnbull's Liberal Party will require the support of opposition parties to pass the legislation. While Bill Shorten, leader of Australia's opposition Labor Party, said the proposal 'seems ridiculous,” his party stopped short of rejecting it and instead promised to examine the plan closely. 
'Unfortunately the opposition Labor Party in Australia has been very weak on these issues in recent years, and both the major political parties, the conservatives (Australia's Liberal Party) and the Labor Party, have been able to force these sorts of changes on Australian policy,” Barns told Sputnik. 
'There have been suggestions today that the Labor Party might finally get some backbone and oppose this legislation, because if the Labor Party, which is the major opposition party, supports this legislation, then it will become a reality.” 
The government's claim that their proposal is compliant with international law is 'laughable,” and 'shows yet again that Australia snubs its nose at international law when it suits it,” Barns said. 
Barns said that Australia's immigration policy has become harsher as a result of public fears of migration, and the actions of successive government which have played on these fears. 
'Some Australians have a xenophobic, racist view about the rest of the world, they have this ridiculous fear about hordes coming to this island continent and invading it, that's been historic.” 
'If you don't have strong political leadership which says that we can do better, this will become politically popular,” said Barns, who contrasted the current policy with that of Malcom Fraser's 1970's Liberal government, which accepted large numbers of refugees who came on boats from Vietnam. 
Since the government of John Howard from 1996 to 2007, 'successive governments in Australia have pandered to the xenophobic, racist side of the country, and that's precisely what Malcolm Turnbull is doing with this legislation.” 
'Australia is a nation built on migration, and in fact some of the leading figures in Australian society came here by boat. Those very same people now would be banned under this law.” 
Turnbull's proposal has won the praise of Australia's right-wing populist One Nation party, led by Pauline Hanson, who won re-election to Australia's House of Representatives this year. Good to see that it looks like the Government is now taking its cues from One Nation. Just like last time. #auspol #PHON #Nauru #Manus https://t.co/c0GQew7vR8 
— Pauline Hanson (@PaulineHansonOz) 30 October 2016 
Barns said that Turnbull's proposal is an effort to attract votes from Hanson's One Nation to the conservative Liberal Party. 
'Malcolm Turnbull's party wants to try and take over some of its vote, and it seems to be that this is the way to do it. To pass outrageous, draconian laws that trash Australia's reputation even further in world eyes when it comes to refugees, simply for short-term political gain.”

ARTICLE

Johnson & Johnson Lose Third Multimillion Dollar Case Over Baby Talc Johnson & Johnson ordered to pay over $70 million in third cancer case Posted on November 1, 2016 by Carol Adl in News , US //  
Big Pharma giant Johnson & Johnson has lost yet another legal battle in a row over its talcum powder which allegedly causes cancer. 
A St. Louis jury awarded over $70 million dollars to a California woman as a result of her lawsuit which claimed that her ovarian cancer was caused by years of using Johnson & Johnson's baby talc. 
The trial started on September 26th and ended on October 27th and is the third successful lawsuit this year against Johnson & Johnson. RELATED CONTENT 
Deborah Giannecchini of Modesto, California was diagnosed with the disease in 2012 and accused the company of 'negligent conduct' in making and and marketing the baby powder. 
The lawsuit claimed Mrs Giannecchini contracted the disease after using baby powder in an intimate area. 
Jim Onder, Mrs Giannecchini's lawyer, said: 'We are pleased the jury did the right thing. They once again reaffirmed the need for Johnson & Johnson to warn the public of the ovarian cancer risk associated with its product.' 
However, the company has rejected there is any risk to using their product – even in intimate areas – and will appeal the massive award. 
Carol Goodrich, spokesman for the company said: 'We deeply sympathize with the women and families impacted by ovarian cancer. We will appeal today's verdict because we are guided by the science, which supports the safety of Johnson's Baby Powder.' 
Earlier this year, two other lawsuits in St Louis ended in jury verdicts worth a combined $127million. But two others in New Jersey were thrown out by a judge who said there wasn't reliable evidence that talc leads to ovarian cancer, an often fatal but relatively rare form of cancer. 
Ovarian cancer accounts for about 22,000 of the 1.7million new cases of cancer expected to be diagnosed in the US this year. 
About 2,000 women have filed similar suits, and lawyers are reviewing thousands of other potential cases, most generated by ads touting the two big verdicts out of St. Louis – a $72million award in February to relatives of an Alabama woman who died of ovarian cancer, and a $55million award in May to a South Dakota survivor of the disease. 
Much research has found no link or a weak one between ovarian cancer and using baby powder for feminine hygiene, and most major health groups have declared talc harmless. Johnson & Johnson, whose baby powder dominates the market, maintains it's perfectly safe. 
But Onder of the Onder Law Firm in suburban St Louis, which represented plaintiffs in all three St Louis cases, cited other research that began connecting talcum powder to ovarian cancer in the 1970s. 
He said case studies have indicated that women who regularly use talc on their genital area face up to a 40 per cent higher risk of developing ovarian cancer.

