ARTICLE

October 31, 2016 
In case you haven`t heard, the FBI has reopened the email case that might put Hillary Clinton behind bars. When that news broke, Senate minorityleader Harry Reid immediately went after James Comey, director of the FBI, though it make not be what you think. Reid says he's talked w/ top NatSec officials who say that Comey 'possesses explosive information” about Trump's ties to Russia 
According to Right Scoop : 
'In my communications with you and other top officials in the national security community, it has become clear that you possess explosive information about close ties and coordination between Donald Trump, his top advisors, and the Russian government – a foreign interest openly hostile to the United States, which Trump praises at every opportunity,” he said. 'I wrote to you months ago calling for this information to be released to the public…and yet, you continue to resist calls to inform the public of this critical information.” 
'Your rushed to take this step eleven days before a presidential election, despite the fact that for all you know, the information you possess could be entirely duplicative of the information you already examined which exonerated Secretary Clinton,” he said. 
Enter South Carolina Congressman Trey Gowdy… 
'Thank God he's leaving is my initial reaction. My second reaction is I didn't known Mormons use drugs.” 
Game. Set. Match. 

ARTICLE

November 1, 2016 
You know Hillary Clinton is getting desperate when she begins resorting to cheap tricks like this one… 
As you already know, yesterday the FBI announced that they will be reopening the Clinton email investigation following the discovery of new emails on Anthony Weiner 's laptop that Hillary thought she had deleted. 
Well, as a last ditch effort to try and save her career, President Obama stepped in last minute and Ordered Attorney General Loretta Lynch to tell Comey to back off and not release the information to the public!! 
You see, technically Loretta Lynch is in charge of the FBI by being attorney general. She approached Comey directly when she learned about the information and ordered him to stand down, saying he was violating Department of Justice policy. 
According to her, it would 'interfere with the election.” 
James Comey, however, was apparently sick and tired of being bossed around. He stared back at her and declared that he had a duty to Congress and the American people to let them know what is REALLY going on. 
Comey said, 
'I ALSO THINK IT WOULD BE MISLEADING TO THE AMERICAN PEOPLE WERE WE NOT TO SUPPLEMENT THE RECORD.” 
So thank you, FBI Director Comey, for finally growing a pair and standing up to the Hillary Clinton and Obama machine. Now the American people know the TRUTH about Hillary Clinton, and that will end her reign of terror. 
If you want to show Comey your support, then share this out so everyone can see that the man is a hero just in case Obama uses some dirty trick to try and sabotage him too… 

ARTICLE


Most of Hollywood has been silent about Hillary Clinton's many criminal charges, but American idol Dolly Parton is refusing to stay silent on the issue . 
Parton started out as a supporter of Clinton. 
'We're doing good,” she commented during an interview. 'We got a woman that could go in the White House, so we've certainly come a long way in that respect.” 
It didn't take long for Parton to change her mind about the Democratic presidential nominee and recognize her for the manipulative, deceitful criminal she really is. 
In a more recent interview, Parton called Hillary 'nuts” and claimed that her campaign has 'just crazy.” 
She then urged the American public to stop being fooled by Hillary. 
'Let's talk about what we really need—taking care of us,” Parton continued. 'I think people just want to have a feeling of security. It's just like political terrorism right now. We've got room for improvement.” 

ARTICLE


Rapper Kanye West has come out in support of Republican President-elect Donald Trump, drawing boos and whistles from fans. 
Kanye West has always been something of a provocateur and a nihilist, and is staunchly anti-political correctness. 
Last night he stirred a maybe unprecedented level of controversy, however, declaring at a Saint Pablo Tour show in San Jose: 'I would have voted on Trump”. West told the audience at a concert in San Jose, California on Thursday night that he didn't vote in the Nov. 8 U.S. presidential elections 'but if I would have voted, I would have voted for Trump.” 
'This is my platform and I'm going to talk about the paradigm shift that's happening right now,” he said at the top of a 40-minute political speech that came at the cost of several songs. 
It's hard to ascertain exactly the point he was trying to make as we only have tweets and videos from attendees, not a transcript, to go off, but it sounds as though he was mostly praising the disruptive nature of Trump's campaign, which 'inspired racists to reveal themselves'. 'I would've voted for Trump”– @kanyewest pic.twitter.com/XtyUteCgUZ 
— albertoreyes (@albertoreyes) November 18, 2016 

'Whether you voted for Hillary or Trump, this is a safe space for both of you,” he told the audience, asking any Trump voters to make themselves known. He also reiterated his desire to run for president in 2020, saying his focus would be on education and that his campaign would use a different political model. 
'Stop focusing on racism,” he added, declaring sombrely: 'We are in a racist country – period.” His stance stands in stark contrast to 2005 Kanye, who famously declared that 'George Bush doesn't care about black people” in the wake of the devestating Hurricane Katrina. 
The concert received an understandably mixed response. 
Kanye was apparently happy when one woman screamed that she loved him in spite of his appreciation of Trump's campaign, but there was also a lot of booing, stunned silence and even a few projectiles – one of which was a Yeezy shoe, which Kanye promptly signed and returned to the thrower. (h/t:independent) Search 

