ARTICLE

It only takes a few moments to share an article, but the person on the other end who reads it might have his life changed forever Today's Top Stories

ARTICLE

It only takes a few moments to share an article, but the person on the other end who reads it might have his life changed forever Today's Top Stories

ARTICLE

How Donald Trump Will Be Blamed For Economic Crash by IWB · October 26, 2016 Tweet 
The elite will pin the coming economic crash on Donald Trump. This amazing video lays it all out. It's 15 minutes long. Please watch. VERY IMPORTANT! 
At one level, many globalists actually want Donald Trump to be elected President so they can BLAME HIM for the economic collapse they've barely held back for eight years. 
This mini documentary reveals the hidden agenda to crash the global debt pyramid if Trump wins the White House. After all, the political elite can never blame themselves for all the problems they've created. 
So they'll use a Trump victory to turn him into a scapegoat for the massive, catastrophic collapse that's imminent.

ARTICLE

Powerful earthquake hits ROME just two months after tremor killed 300 people. by IWB · October 26, 2016 
A strong earthquake has hit Rome, shaking centuries-old buildings in the Italian capital. 
It is not known if it has caused significant casualties. 
The US Geological Survey said the earthquake measured 5.6 on the Richter scale but that was later revised to 5.4. 
The epicentre was 50 miles south east of Perugia in the central spine of Italy, which has traditionally been prone to quakes. 
Arcangelo Vicedomini, a software developer in Nettuno, near Rome, tweeted: 'Earthquake in Italy, 5.6 Richter, epicenter 66 km south of Perugia. In it was feeled well. In Nettuno chandeliers are dancing.' 
Today's tremor came two months after a quake in central Italy killed nearly 300 people. 
The August 24 quake – which measured 6.2 – destroyed the hilltop village of Amatrice and several other small towns. 
The US Geological Survey said today's quake had a depth of only seven miles, which is relatively shallow.

ARTICLE

API Reports A Build, DOE A Draw by IWB · October 26, 2016 Tweet 
You cannot make this up…one could almost think an election was nigh… 
The ''markets'' were selling off and the VIX had just crossed into important bear territory when – surprise! – the DOE completely reversed the API report (which reported a larger than expected BUILD) and reported a DRAW. 
Now, I am prone to thinking that nearly all ''markets'' are in full shenanigan mode right now, I confess to that, but that comes from having a lot of context and possibly too much information. 
I knew that a major 400,000 barrel per day pipeline taking oil away from Cushing had broken a few days ago, so I wasn't surprised to hear of a build. 
Pipeline remains closed following oil spill in Oklahoma 
Updated: 3:50 PM CDT Oct 25, 2016 
(AP) — A Seaway Crude Pipeline Co. pipeline that spilled oil at a storage hub in Oklahoma remained closed Tuesday, according to a spokesman for Houston-based Enterprise Products Partners, a 50 percent owner of Seaway. 
'As of right now we don't have an estimate of when it will be back up,' as officials are trying to determine the cause of the spill that happened shortly before midnight Sunday in Cushing, spokesman Rick Rainey said. 
CUSHING, Oklahoma – While crews in Cushing continue to clean up oil after a pipeline break early Monday morning, the spill is stoking fears about what may be to come for the nation's oil hub. 
The Seaway Pipeline is one of the largest in the nation, running 500 miles from Cushing to refineries in Freeport, Texas. Because it's two pipelines, the owning company Enterprise could shut down one and keep oil flowing, but only 450,000 barrels per day. 
The section of pipe that burst can carry 50,000 barrels of oil or roughly 2.75 million gallons. 
So right on top of the reported build and right on top of a major break in one of the largest oil pipelines carrying crude AWAY from Cushing, what's a ''market'' manipulating government lackey to do? 
Why report a surprise DRAW, thereby spiking oil, and indeed the entire US equity ''markets' because, such as. 
This all feels about as believable as anything else this (s)election cycle. 
Chris

ARTICLE

It only takes a few moments to share an article, but the person on the other end who reads it might have his life changed forever Today's Top Stories

ARTICLE

It only takes a few moments to share an article, but the person on the other end who reads it might have his life changed forever Today's Top Stories

ARTICLE

This Is What Gold Does In A Currency Crisis, Brexit Edition   
by John Rubino 
In June the UK shocked the world – or at least the world's elites – by voting to pull out of the European Union. Economists predicted disaster, EU leaders threatened pain for British exporters and tourists, and the media settled in to watch the UK shrivel and die. 
Four months later, the appropriate response is a yawn rather than a scream. UK economy set to shrug off Brexit in latest GDP figures…For now 
(CNBC) – The first indications of how the U.K. economy is performing in the aftermath of the Brexit vote will be known this Thursday, with the release of quarterly gross domestic product (GDP) figures.Analysts told CNBC they forecast a 0.4 percent growth in the third quarter of this year – an 'upside surprise' following the decision last June to leave the European Union. Prior to the vote, many market observers were pointing to economic contractions if voters opted to leave the EU. 
The pound, however, did fall hard in foreign exchange markets… 
…which is actually great news for British exporters, who are winning round one of the post-Brexit currency war by selling suddenly-much-cheaper stuff to the rest of the world. 
The only losers? Britons who held their savings in local currency and saw the value of their bank accounts fall dramatically. But their solution was actually pretty simple: convert their pounds to gold and watch it soar. 
Britons who did this are up about 25%, which is a pretty good year's work for any money manager, amateur or professional. 
As the 'but in the long run Brexit will still be a disaster' drumbeat gets louder and negotiations with the EU drag on, gold should remain a simple, low-stress way for anyone with pounds to sail through the process unscathed. 
The broader lesson? As the world descends into debt-driven chaos in coming years, the above charts will be replicated in most national currencies, giving all of us chance to learn from the UK's example.

ARTICLE

Signs of Monster Vote Surface in Butler County Ohio….   by sundance 
A 40% increase in absentee ballot requests from Ohio Republicans (over 2012) is a significant sign of the Monster Vote surfacing… 
HAMILTON, Ohio — If you're trying to read the tea leaves, this could be very good news for Donald Trump: Absentee voting in Republican stronghold Butler County is up 9 percent this year compared to 2012, and 21 percent over 2008. 
Two weeks before the election, the Butler County Board of Elections has seen 40 percent more requests from Republicans compared to 2012, and 51 percent more requests from Republicans compared to 2008. ( read more )

ARTICLE

The Pirate Party – a party comprised of activists, anarchists, and hackers – looks set to win Iceland's general election this month. 
The win will mark an historic occasion that Western and European leaders thought would never happen. 
Icelandmonitor.mbl.is reports: 
A new opinion poll conducted by the Social Science Research Institute of the University of Iceland for Icelandic daily Morgunblaðið indicates that over one in five voters will be voting Pirate a week tomorrow. 
The data is from 14-19 October and puts the Pirate Party in first place with 22.6%, a point and a half ahead of the centre-right Independence Party (currently in power). These figures would give each party fifteen MPs in Iceland's 63-seat national parliament ('Alþingi'). 

The top two parties have already either implicitly or explicitly ruled out working together in a coalition. 
Iceland's Pirate Party already made history back in 2013 when they received 5.1% of the vote and returned three MPs – Iceland is currently the only country in the world where the Pirate movement has elected MPs sitting in a national legislature. 
Next week's election look set to blow even this impressive record out of the water, with the Pirates' potentially winning outright, increasing their number of MPs five-fold, and commanding a strong mandate to form a government. 
If there were general elections today, whom would you vote for? – Social Science Research Institute of the University of Iceland, 14-19 October

ARTICLE

Washington, D.C. 20535-0001 
Sir, 
I am writing regarding your public statement in July, 2016 informing the American people that the FBI investigation of Hillary Clinton was being closed without referring it to a Federal Grand Jury or the Attorney General of the U. S. for a decision whether or not to indict her. Strangely, you eloquently laid out enough of the evidence deduced from the investigation to strongly indicate there was abundant evidence uncovered during the investigation and interview of her to not only indict but to convict her in Federal Court. However, you personally re-worded and soft-pedaled the actions she took as Secretary of State describing her actions as 'extremely careless' in using a personal email and un-secured server for her communications while Secretary of State. You rewrote the statute, which is not your job. 
As a retired Special Agent of the FBI, I have standing to write this letter. My thirty years in law enforcement, including 22 years as a Special Agent with the FBI have given me the knowledge, expertise and experience to question and confront you for your perplexing actions, which (as you well know) were outside the normal standard operating procedure of the FBI and Federal judicial procedures. Some of the finest people in the world proudly carry the credentials of FBI Agent and you have soiled them and not allowed them to speak. But I will not be silent. 
Sorry, but NO SIR, MS Clinton was not merely careless or extremely careless. She was not even negligent or grossly negligent (as the statute requires). Hillary Clinton was knowingly purposeful in her decisions and actions to set up a server under her exclusive control and possession in order to control what information was available to the American public and Congress regarding her actions as Secretary of State. Furthermore, she took those government owned communications into her personal possession after leaving her position and knowingly and willingly attempted to destroy them so her nefarious actions could never be known or used as evidence of her corrupt moral character against her. 
Sir, what possessed you? Did you cave in to political pressure to unilaterally come to this decision? I fear that is the case, and Rule of Law be damned. I am embarrassed for and ashamed of you. You have set a precedent that can never be rectified… and certainly not justified. Shame on you, Sir. You ought to resign right now in disgrace for what you have done to tarnish the reputation of the finest Law Enforcement Agency in the world… for entirely political reasons. 
Normally, an investigation will be assigned to an agent, or team of agents with one being the Case agent, or the lead investigator. When the investigation is complete, an investigative report will be presented to the U.S. Attorney for the Federal District involved. It would be the U.S. Attorney who decides whether to decline prosecution for that investigation… NOT the FBI agent. But in the Clinton investigation, YOU (unilaterally) decided not to forward the investigation to the U.S. Attorney or the Attorney General of the U.S., but instead personally made the decision not to prosecute her or even provide the information to a Federal Grand Jury. You were wrong to take this upon yourself. 
Sir, in order to indict a subject, only a preponderance of evidence, or 51% is needed for probable cause to exist. You did not think even that level of probability existed? Who do you think you are fooling? What judicial proceeding did you think you were following? 
Throughout my years with the FBI, I (along with my fellow agents) took great pride in conducting each investigation in an unbiased manner regardless of the subject's position or standing in the community. 
All were treated equally under the law. But you, Sir, decided to allow this corrupt, evil and nasty human being to go free and unchallenged for her treasonous actions (yes, treasonous, in my opinion) which threatened the security of this nation. Furthermore, you stopped short of investigating the Clinton Foundation as a RICO case (Racketeering Influenced and Corrupt Organization. This is a RICO case ifthere ever were one. Even an untrained person can tell from the communications which were recovered that Hillary Clinton spent more time working for the Clinton Foundation while Secretary of State than on State Business. It may be argued that Hillary did not do any State business UNLESS the Clinton Foundation benefitted. You decided to just let this uncomfortable truth alone without addressing it. 
I will conclude with this: Following my retirement from the FBI, I volunteered for a 12 month tour of duty in Afghanistan as a Law Enforcement Professional, embedded with U.S. forces as a subject matter expert in counter-terrorism investigations. For most of that year I operated 'outside the wire' patrolling with the troops, interviewing witnesses to IED incidents and gathering evidence on the bad guys. The results of my work would then be reported through secure channels to the Commanding Officer. All reports and communications were required to be transmitted via secure and encrypted devices. Occasionally my remote location in the mountains of Afghanistan made transmission impossible and I would have to fly back to Bagram Air Base in order to securely report to the Commander of the battle space. It would have been convenient if I could have just called the Commander on my personal cell phone or written him an email on my personal laptop. But, had I done so I would have been reporting classified information via an unsecured device and it could have been compromised. These were, relative to Secretary of State communications, low level classifications of Secret. Had I ever sent even one in such a manner I would have been prosecuted and sent to Federal Prison for 20 years or so. That is how serious this violation is considered. 
Now, because of you, Hillary Clinton is allowed to continue her RICO activities and is running for President of the United States, the most powerful position in the world. You have trampled on the Rule of Law and destroyed the trust of the American people in the FBI and in unbiased enforcement of the law. How do you sleep at night? It is time for you to go and work for the Clinton Foundation. 
Sincerely,

ARTICLE

Rigged Election: US Blaming Russia For Future 'Falsified Voter Fraud' by IWB · October 26, 2016 
by Baxter Dmitry 
US officials claim that if anybody produces evidence of voter fraud in the coming weeks, it will be a Russian plot to undermine people's confidence in American democracy. 
Blaming Russia for the Democratic National Committee and Clinton Foundation hacks proved so successful at distracting Americans from the contents of the WikiLeaks emails that US officials are now attempting to blame future evidence of voter fraud on Russia too. 
The claims are being disseminated to the public via mainstream media pipelines as we speak. Reuters, operating as an organ of state propaganda, reported the claims by anonymous U.S. officials on Thursday: 
' The officials, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said however, that the U.S. election system is so large, diffuse and antiquated that hackers would not be able to change the outcome of the Nov. 8 election. 
But hackers could post documents, some of which might be falsified, that are designed to create public perceptions of widespread voter fraud, the officials said. 

They said that they did not have specific evidence of such a plan, but state and local election authorities had been warned to be vigilant for hacking attempts. ' 
The keyword in the second quoted paragraph is ' some. ' Truth mixed with lies. Reuters, in collusion with the state, are using confusion, paranoia and heavy-duty spin. Dizzy yet? 
The mainstream media has now laid the groundwork to ensure that if Clinton wins the election and is accused of voter fraud, any evidence provided to substantiate the claim can be instantly dismissed as fake Russian propaganda and not investigated properly. 
In essence, if the ruling party says that a specific document is false, then without question, it must be false. The Democrats will dismiss evidence of voter fraud as another 'conspiracy theory' and 'Russian plot.' 
The Democrat establishment has spent months attempting to deflect from the content of WikiLeaks emails by alleging the source of the hack was Russia. Now they are attempting to capitalize on the narrative by blaming future voter fraud evidence on Russia as well.

ARTICLE

Pentagon Lied To Re-Enlist Soldiers, Thousands To Repay Bonuses by IWB · October 26, 2016 
by Edmondo Burr The US Military enticed many soldiers to re-enlist in the Iraq and Afghanistan wars by offering them cash bonuses of over $15,000. 
Now many years later, the Pentagon is asking thousands of veterans to pay back the 'improper' bonuses that they accepted in good faith, because of mismanagement and corruption in the California National Guard. 
AntiMedia reports: 
Shortly after the U.S. invasion of Iraq, the Pentagon hired Bell Pottinger, a London-based PR agency. The PR firm was tasked with promoting what the Pentagon called 'democratic elections' in Iraq, ultimately earning over a hundred million dollars yearly. Part of the firm's job included producing ' fake al Qaeda propaganda films, ' the Bureau of Investigative Journalism recently reported . 
Despite the PR operation's hefty price tag, the Pentagon seemed to have no issue allocating taxpayer resources to have these videos produced. But over ten years after the Iraq invasion, the Pentagon is now concerned about its past appropriations — at least part of them, anyway. 
Ten years after promising $15,000 bonuses to soldiers willing to re-enlist in 2006 and 2007, the Pentagon is now forcing California veterans to pay the bonuses back. 

In California, the Los Angeles Times reports , ' officials signed up soldiers in assembly-line fashion ' in 2006 and 2007, outlining the ' generous terms available for six-year reenlistments ' to those willing to sacrifice their safety, leaving their homes, once again, to fight abroad in exchange for a large bonus. Now, the Pentagon wants their money back. 
To Get Soldiers to Re-enlist, the National Guard Lied 
In 2008, the movie ' Stop-Loss ' highlighted a reality few members of the public were informed about. 
With the growing involvement of U.S. military forces in Iraq and Afghanistan, soldiers who had already served in Iraq and Afghanistan for several tours were being asked to reenlist. Sometimes, these soldiers' term duties were extended forcefully via the government's controversial stop-loss policy , which allows the government to extend the period a soldier must spend on active duty involuntarily. 
In California, the state's National Guard began promising thousands of soldiers that they would receive $15,000 bonuses for going back to war. 
Now, nearly 10,000 soldiers who took the National Guard's promise at face value are being ordered to pay the bonuses back plus interest charges. In some cases, their wages are being garnished to fund the payments. 
This issue was first brought up when veterans ' whose only mistake was to accept bonuses offered when the Pentagon needed to fill the ranks ' were the target of an investigation launched in 2010. 
After receiving reports of improper payments, a federal probe found ' thousands of bonuses and student loan payments were given to California Guard soldiers who did not qualify for them, or were approved despite paperwork errors. ' 
As a result of the investigation, Army Master Sgt. Toni Jaffe, who also served as the California Guard's incentive manager, pleaded guilty to filing false claims totaling $15.2 million in 2011. He was sentenced to spend 30 months in federal prison, and three other officers who also pleaded guilty to fraud were put on probation. 
Breaking the National Guard's promise to soldiers whose reenlistment depended on the bonus distribution, the California Guard ' assigned 42 auditors to comb through paperwork for bonuses and other incentive payments given to 14,000 soldiers. ' 
In September 2016, these auditors finalized the investigation, finding roughly 9,700 current and retired soldiers who had been given ' improper ' bonuses. These soldiers have been told 'to repay some or all of their bonuses' since the probe was launched and the first cases were discovered. 
According to the California National Guard, these repayments have recovered more than $22 million so far, compromising veterans like Robert Richmond, who now works for a construction company in Texas. He was an Army Sergeant First Class living in Huntington Beach when in 2006, he was asked to reenlist. 
' I signed a contract that I literally risked my life to fulfill, ' Richmond explained, adding that he only agreed to go back to war because he was told he qualified for a $15,000 bonus as a special forces soldier. 
The veteran had gone through a divorce after being deployed to Afghanistan in 2002 and 2003. Asked to consider the bonus to reenlist, Richmond thought the money was going to give him ' breathing room, ' so he agreed. In 2007, he was sent to Iraq's ' Triangle of Death, ' an area a few miles south of Baghdad known for intense fighting. 
In one of the hundreds of missions against insurgents he was a part of, Richmond sustained permanent back and brain injuries after his vehicle triggered a roadside bomb. 
In 2014, the California Guard headquarters contacted him, letting the former special forces soldier know he was being urged to repay the $15,000 bonus he received in 2006. If he failed to make the payment, the letter said, he would face ' debt collection action. ' 
Richmond refused to give the government any money back, filing appeal after appeal. ' [Impacted soldiers] want somebody in the government, anybody, to say this is wrong and we'll stop going after this money, ' he said. 
'Support the Troops!': Code for 'Don't Question War?' 
In Washington, D.C., lawmakers have condemned the Pentagon, saying the soldiers were not at fault for accepting a bonus they were promised. 
Promising to open an investigation into the enlistment bonus problem, House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy (R-CA) called the Pentagon's demands ' disgraceful. ' 
' The Department of Defense should waive these repayments, ' McCarthy said in a statement . ' The House will investigate these reports to ensure our soldiers are fully honored for their service, ' he added. 
Rep. McCarthy says the government should not be demanding any money back from veterans in his statement. The California Republican and also argued that ' we are the ones who owe a debt for the great sacrifices our heroes have made — some of whom unfortunately paid the ultimate sacrifice. ?' 
Instead of using this opportunity to highlight the importance of safeguarding our soldiers and keeping them from engaging in unconstitutional wars that are only successfully sold to the American public because administrations lie , McCarthy celebrates these very soldiers' sacrifices. 
Using this discussion to repeat the traditional 'support the troops' line, lawmakers like McCarthy steer the debate away from what's causing these soldiers so much pain and distress, acting as if relentless war hasn't been the reason they were lied to. Instead, McCarthy and others are pushing the government to keep its promise without reevaluating how the U.S. government goes about irresponsibly sending these men and women abroad to fight insurgents who didn't pose a threat to Americans at the time . 
In the 1964 film, ' The Americanization of Emily, ' which was based on a novel written by a veteran who had been a SeaBee officer on D-Day, character Lt. Comdr. Charles E. Madison gives a short speech explaining that ' [those] who make heroes of our dead and shrines of our battlefields … perpetuate war by exalting its sacrifices. ' 
Failing to discuss the real costs of war with the American electorate while exalting the sacrifices made by those who serve in the military is part of an ongoing campaign — deliberate or otherwise — to keep America involved in perpetual war. 
Don't believe me? Don't take my word for it. Instead, read what journalist Randolph Bourne had to say about the country's thirst for war in 1918: 
' In times of peace, we usually ignore the State in favour of partisan political controversies, or personal struggles for office, or the pursuit of party policies. It is the Government rather than the State with which the politically minded are concerned. The State is reduced to a shadowy emblem which comes to consciousness only on occasions of patriotic holiday. … 
'With the shock of war, however, the State comes into its own again. The Government, with no mandate from the people, without consultation of the people, conducts all the negotiations, the backing and filling, the menaces and explanations, which slowly bring it into collision with some other Government, and gently and irresistibly slides the country into war. ' 
War, Bourne concluded , ' is the health of the state. ' This is not because all individuals involved with governing enjoy death and destruction per se, but because ' it is … in war that the urgency for union seems greatest, and the necessity for universality seems most unquestioned, ' which forces the public to unite behind the state no matter what — especially if the occasion leading to war is ' terrifying ' the public. 
While veterans whose bonuses are being questioned ten years later should be heard and protected from government abuse, we must not forget it was government's own thirst for war that initiated this cycle of deception. Let us not ignore the reasons why we should support our troops — and how we should go about it; simply claiming to be interested in celebrating U.S. soldiers for their sacrifice does nothing for them. 
By Allice Salles / theAntiMedia.org The US Military Lied to Thousands of Soldiers — and Now Veterans Are Paying for It

ARTICLE

What are the options? 
Is Assange 'still' alive (as WikiLeaks, perhaps tellingly, asserts), and if so, where is he? There are several possible permutations. Either: Assange is alive and well in the Ecuadorian Embassy in Hans Crescent, London, and simply keeping his head down (possibly in an attempt to create a news story and give more publicity to WikiLeaks). Assange is alive and has miraculously managed to escape from the Embassy without being picked up the UK police or CIA who were monitoring the building, and has reached or is making his way to, a safe haven (eg Russia). [Edit: It is also possible that Assange has been a spook all along, working for US/UK interests, and it was expedient to allow him to leave in secret – a face-saving solution for all concerned. He may yet re-emerge to continue his operation from somewhere slightly larger than a shoebox with access to sunlight and fresh air]. Assange is still alive, but now in captivity. This could be inside the Embassy, but far more likely, he has been removed and handed to the US authorities who have him in custody on 'US controlled territory' (and where it is quite likely he is being tortured, like the thousands of nameless other 'enemy combatants' before him). Assange has been murdered (possibly by poisoning). Either his body is being stored in a freezer at the Embassy building until the 'appropriate' time to announce his death, or it may have already been removed. It is also possible that Assange was removed (or left) the Embassy alive, but has since been killed (ie a combination of 3 and 4). An option I did not initially consider is that Assange could have realised his arrest was imminent and taken an extreme, but logical step to ensure that he wasn't captured. When faced with the prospect of torture, suicide would be the rational choice. Of course suicide may yet be presented as the official cause of death, and ironically, many people will not believe it. 
What does the evidence point to? 
The best 'evidence' we have at the moment is several testimonials which purport that Assange is alive and well, inside the Ecuadorian Embassy in London, or news stories which are designed to make people infer that this is the case. However, these stories are either inconclusive, suspect or have been proven to be false, in other words they may just be distractions and misdirection. There have been other posts covering this subject , but these distraction stories include: the Pamela Anderson vegan sandwich visit on 15 October (somewhat compromised by her cryptic 'torture' reference). Update: Pamela Anderson has tweeted this 'gift' of two mice for Assange's cat on 25 October the statement by Ecuador that they were cutting off Assange's internet on October 16 (a cover story to obscure the fact Assange was already incapable of communicating?) the Wikileaks employee visit/tweet on 17 October (since disavowed) the Craig Murray whisky visit on October 18. the pointless Metropolitan police vehicle story the numerous old Assange videos being re-posted as 'news' the idiotic red herring story involving images of Assange's 'escape' (which were actually Google StreetView images from two years ago) the 4-month old Michael Moore video being touted as current by WikiLeaks. the Wikileaks promises to provide hard evidence of Assange's situation which have been reneged on. Weird tweets from WikiLeaks generally, including a ridiculous accusation that a major US ddos was the work of WikiLeaks supporters. 
Conversely, whilst there is an 'absence of positive evidence' that Assange has been harmed or abducted from the Ecuadorian Embassy, there are numerous reasons to suggest this might the case. Final tweet from account known to be controlled by Julian Assange (Embassy Cat) on 15 October. the release of Wikileaks codes on 16 October there have been at least 9 days of non-communication by Assange, no proof of life provided, and no PGP signed document, despite repeated requests no rational explanation for this silence the sudden death of Gavin MacFadyen, the third (known) senior member of Wikileaks to die suddenly this year this redditor who visited Hans Crescent on 22 October, to find there was no police presence guarding the Embassy. Assange was under siege for over four years, with a permanent police detail outside the Embassy, with orders to arrest him if he tried to leave. Why were they removed? Mark Halperin of Politico attempted to meet with Assange on Friday 21, but was refused by a goon: 'Assange too busy'- video. 
Bearing in mind the above, and the highly suspicious nature of the so-called 'evidence' asserting that he is in good health, I think it is reasonable at this point to suspect that Assange has either been killed and/or is no longer inside the Ecuadorian Embassy, so either options 3 or 4, or probably both (option 5) bearing in mind that the US elite will not want to give Assange a trial where he could reveal any more information. 
Finally, if Assange has been subjected to extraordinary rendition and/or killed, we must assume that the UK, the US and the Ecuadorian governments are all complicit. It would mean that Ecuador's President Rafael Correa was somehow turned by the US authorities (be it via money or threats, or both concerning Ecuador's gold reserves being held in the US ) into secretly revoking Assange's asylum. It would also mean that the UK authorities have illegally handed over Assange to the Americans without due legal process, knowing that Assange would be tortured and probably killed. 
But…let's hope this has all been a bad dream. 
At this point, however, I think the best we can hope for is that Assange is fine and still in the Ecuadorian Embassy, because I think the escape option is by far the least likely of all these scenarios. 
TLDR: There has been no proof of life of Julian Assange for at least 9 days. Instead we have seen a raft of distraction stories (even from WikiLeaks itself) which are clearly designed to give the impression that Assange is alive and well. Some of these stories have been shown to be old footage or otherwise bogus. So it appears that WikiLeaks is compromised and that probably means Assange is no longer in the safety of the Ecuadorian Embassy. I supect the US authorities probably have the most information about Assange, and his current whereabouts, and we should probably fear the worst. 
As mentioned briefly above, Julian Assange was due to be interviewed by Swedish prosecutors last week – on 17th October, at a meeting inside the Embassy. However, this meeting was called off just five days beforehand, on Wednesday 12 October, ostensibly because the lawyers 'couldn't make it'. This made me wonder whether it was perhaps Assange who was not available – in other words, could Assange have been out of commission earlier than we realised? Unlikely, perhaps. 
Not knowing when the Assange disappearance timeline truly begins is making it harder to discover what has happened to him.That said, the publication of WikiLeaks codes on twitter shortly after the Pamela Anderson 'vegan torture' visit on 15 October is the most obvious starting point in the chronology. 
NOTE (26 October): I am updating this page as new information comes in. If you think there is something I have missed out, please notify me in the comments.

ARTICLE

Is Donald Trump a victim of US Propaganda? by IWB · October 26, 2016 Tweet 
The Smith-Mundt Modernization Act of 2012 was introduced by U.S. Congressman Mac Thornberry on May 10, 2012 in the House of Representatives. The bill purpose is 'to authorize the domestic dissemination of information and material about the United States intended primarily for foreign audiences' The act was added to the 2013 NDAA bill as section of 1078 to amend certain passages of Smith-Mundt Act of 1948 and Foreign Relations Authorization Act of 1987. The Smith-Mundt Modernization Act of 2012 passed Congress as part of the NDAA 2013 on December 28, 2012. Amendments made to the Smith-Mundt Act of 1948 and Foreign Relations Authorization Act of 1987 allow for materials produced by the State Department and the Broadcasting Board of Governors (BBG) to be released within US borders. U.S. Congressmen Adam Smith stated with the respect to the bill's purpose that al-Qaeda was infiltrating the Internet in order to promote anti-American sentiments and that with passage of the Smith-Mundt Modernization Act of 2012 the US government would be able disseminate public diplomacy information by the State department to counter that in the Arabic language abroad. 
The 2013 NDAA overturned a 64-year ban on the domestic dissemination of propaganda (described as 'public diplomacy information') produced for foreign audiences, effectively eliminating the distinction between foreign and domestic audiences. 
Person445

ARTICLE

Clinton's Policy On Syria Will Lead To WW3 Says Trump by IWB · October 26, 2016 
by Carol Adl 
Donald Trump has warned that Hillary Clinton's policy towards Syria would lead to World War III , arguing that the Democratic nominee would drag the US into a confrontation with nuclear armed Russia. 
Trump said 'You're going to end up in World War Three over Syria if we listen to Hillary Clinton' adding that 'What we should do is focus on ISIS We should not be focusing on Syria' 
The US Republican presidential nominee made the remarks on Tuesday during a Reuters interview in response to Clinton's proposal for the establishment of a no-fly zone and 'safe zones' in Syria. 
Press TV reports: 
On October 7, the Democratic nominee said a no-fly zone was required inside the war-ravaged country to stabilize fighting, a move that was opposed in Congress due to the risk of entering into conflict with Russia, since a US-enforced no-fly zone would mean the US could shoot down Russian fighter jets should they enter Syrian airspace. 

Clinton also described the situation in Syria as 'incredibly complex' since the intervention of Russia. 
'You're not fighting Syria anymore; you're fighting Syria, Russia and Iran, all right? Russia is a nuclear country, but a country where the nukes work as opposed to other countries that talk,' Trump said. 
The Republican nominee also referred to the removal of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad from power as a second-level priority to defeating Daesh. 
'Assad is secondary, to me, to ISIL,' Trump said. 
Russia might down US planes 
Meanwhile, US Director of National Intelligence James Clapper also warned about the consequences of Clinton's push for a no-fly zone in Syria that could spark a conflict with Russia. 
Speaking at the Council on Foreign Relations, Clapper said Clinton's proposal for the establishment of a no-fly zone in Syria could lead to Russia shooting down American planes there. 
'I wouldn't put it past them to shoot down an American aircraft if they — if they felt that was threatening to their forces on the ground,' he said. 
'I take stock in the nature of the weaponry that they deploy and why they — why they did that,' Clapper said of Russian weapons recently deployed to Syria. 'The system they have there is a very advanced air-defense system. It's very capable. And I don't think they'd do it and deploy it unless they had some intent to use it.' 
During the third and final presidential debate last week, Clinton reiterated her remarks on a no-fly zone that could save lives and hasten the end of the conflict in Syria. 
A foreign-backed militancy has been going on in Syria since March 2011, with a plethora of armed groups — each supported by one foreign country or another — fighting the Assad government. 
Since 2014, the United States, along with a number of its allies, has been leading a so-called anti-terror campaign in Syria and neighboring Iraq. 
Instead of helping to rein in the Takfiri terrorists, the air raids have killed many civilians, and caused extensive damage to the country's infrastructure.

ARTICLE

WIKILEAKS Hillary's Campaign ILLEGALLY COLLUDED With Priorities USA SuperPAC by IWB · October 25, 2016

ARTICLE

Hillary Clinton is a SERIAL KILLER?  

ARTICLE

Bank of Canada Commentary Whipsaws Loonie   
by: otterwood 
Over the last two weeks we've seen more evidence of declining confidence in central banks (see my video on eroding confidence in the establishment here ). The Canadian dollar experienced wild swings on the back of comments from the Bank of Canada and Governor Poloz. 
Last Wednesday the Canadian dollar rallied after the Bank of Canada referenced downside risks to inflation and then barely an hour later the Loonie plummeted when Governor Poloz said the committee 'actively' considered cutting rates. 
Then on Monday we saw a similar dynamic play out when Poloz said 'the best plan right now, we think, is to wait for the next 18 months or so,' in a testimony to the House of Commons. The Loonie strengthened significantly on the comment only to completely reverse when Poloz said the comment referred to the output gap and note monetary policy. 
The lack of consistency in the Bank of Canada's communication is creating volatility in asset markets and it can be seen in the USDCAD, see below.

ARTICLE

Hillary Fan SLEEPS At Rally! Snoozy Smurf Steals Show! (ABC News) Coconut Creek FLA   Tweet 
HILLARY SUPPORTER (PAID OR UNPAID?) SLEEPS THRU HILLARY'S RALLY IN COCONUT CREEK, FLA. UNFORTUNATELY, THIS SNOOZING FAN IS POSITIONED OVER HILLARY'S SHOULDER ON LIVE TV. 
NOBODY COMES TO HILLARY CLINTON RALLIES — BECAUSE SHE'S BORING AND MENTALLY ILL. WHO WANTS TO WATCH A COMMUNIST WITH DEMENTIA SCREECH ABOUT ROADS AND BRIDGES? 
HILLARY HAS FINALLY EMERGED FROM HIDING, JUST IN TIME TO STEAL ELECTION 2016 VIA VOTER FRAUD. BUT WILL THE AMERICAN PEOPLE BELIEVE SHE 'WON' AFTER SEEING HILLARY'S PATHETIC TINY RALLY CROWDS? BEFORE SHE RIGS THE ELECTION, SHE'D BETTER DO A BETTER JOB RIGGING HER RALLIES. 
HILLARY'S EYEBALL GONE WILD:

ARTICLE

Economic Breadth Is Significantly Deteriorating in the US   
by CHRIS PUPLAVA 
Philly Fed state coincident data came out today and more states across the country are starting to contract (shown in red). Looking at the snapshot below, positively growing states still dominate the map (and don't give much of an alarming picture), but a different story emerges when we look at the trend. 
Here's a look at how this data has trended over the past 36 years compared to the S&P 500. As you can see, states showing positive growth tend to rollover prior to economic recessions (red bars) with corresponding declines in the S&P 500. The latest data puts us near the weakest levels during this entire economic cycle and matches prior market tops. 
There was a strong increase in the number of states with negative monthly changes this year. As shown below, this data typically leads US initial unemployment claims and suggests we could see a pickup in jobless claims (layoffs) in the near future. 
M&A deal activity (shown inverted below) tends to exhibit a euphoric peak and mark the end of an economic/bull market cycle. In terms of transaction values, M&A activity peaked earlier this year and also argues for a pickup in layoffs ahead.

ARTICLE

1990 comic book predicted the Donald Trump campaign  

ARTICLE

6.3 earthquake, Central Italy! (earlier was M5.6)   
Preliminary: 6.0 earthquake, Central Italy. On 2016/10/26 17:10:38 UTC (2m ago, depth 10km). 

— Earthquakes Tsunamis (@NewEarthquake) October 26, 2016 
M5.6 #earthquake (#terremoto) strikes 134 km NE of #Roma (#Italy) 6 min ago. Read witnesses' M5.6 #earthquake ( #terremoto ) strikes 134 km NE of #Roma ( #Italy ) 6 min ago. Read witnesses' stories & share yours: https://t.co/ZGrD2d3wDG

ARTICLE

Let's Be Clear – A Vote For Warmonger Hillary Clinton Is A Vote For World War 3   
By Michael Snyder 
If you want to see war without end, vote for Hillary Clinton. It is tremendously ironic that Hillary Clinton and the mainstream media have attempted to portray Donald Trump as 'dangerous' and 'temperamental', because it is Clinton that actually has a long history of being emotionally unstable. She has a temper that is absolutely legendary, and she has been cussing out the men and women in her security detail for decades . Hillary Clinton played a key role in starting the civil war in Syria, thanks to her Libya is a post-apocalyptic wasteland today, and now she is picking a fight with the Russians before she has even won the election. Of all the candidates there were running for president this election cycle, there was nobody that was even close to as dangerous as Hillary Clinton, and if she wins the election I am fully convinced that World War 3 will begin before her time in the White House is over. 
Someone that shares this opinion with me is Donald Trump. According to Reuters , Trump recently stated that we are 'going to end up in World War Three over Syria if we listen to Hillary Clinton'… 
On Syria's civil war, Trump said Clinton could drag the United States into a world war with a more aggressive posture toward resolving the conflict. 
Clinton has called for the establishment of a no-fly zone and 'safe zones' on the ground to protect non-combatants. Some analysts fear that protecting those zones could bring the United States into direct conflict with Russian fighter jets. 
'What we should do is focus on ISIS. We should not be focusing on Syria,' said Trump as he dined on fried eggs and sausage at his Trump National Doral golf resort. 'You're going to end up in World War Three over Syria if we listen to Hillary Clinton.' 
In order to have a no-fly zone in Syria, you would have to enforce it. 
And in order to enforce it, you would have to be willing to shoot at the Russians. 
According to National Intelligence Director James Clapper , that could have dire consequences… 
Russia could shoot down a U.S. aircraft if a no-fly zone were imposed over Syria, National Intelligence Director James Clapper said Tuesday. 
'I wouldn't put it past them to shoot down an American aircraft if they felt that was threatening to their forces on the ground,' Clapper said, speaking with CBS' Charlie Rose at the Council on Foreign Relations in New York about several national security issues. 
Of course Clapper is not alone in that assessment. The Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, General Joseph Francis Dunford, says that imposing a no-fly zone over all of Syria 'would require us to go to war' … 
'Right now, Senator, for us to control all of the airspace in Syria it would require us to go to war, against Syria and Russia,… That's a pretty fundamental decision that certainly I'm not going to make.' ( Senate Armed Services Committee, September 22, 2016, emphasis added) 
But Hillary Clinton is unwavering in her position that this is what she wants. 
You see, the truth is that Hillary Clinton wants to win the war that she started in Syria. Back in 2011, she spearheaded an effort along with Saudi Arabia and Turkey to try to use the Arab Spring uprisings in the Middle East as an opportunity to try to overthrow President Assad in Syria. If it wasn't for her meddling, millions of refugees would not be pouring into Europe and elsewhere, and there would be no 'humanitarian crisis' in Syria at all. 
Thanks to Russian intervention, the war in Syria is not too far from being over, but the Obama administration is desperate to keep it going. They understand that if Assad is victorious that all of their efforts for the last five years have been wasted, and that is why they are so determined to keep Aleppo from falling. Without Aleppo, many of the jihadist rebels that the Obama administration has been supporting won't have anywhere to hide. 
So the Obama administration has actually been considering direct strikes against the Syrian military, and the Russians have already said that they will not allow this to happen . If Obama is insane enough to order airstrikes against Syrian forces and the Russians start shooting back, that could set off a chain of events that could rapidly spiral completely out of control. 
One recent survey found that current American leadership has a 1 percent approval rating in Russia right now, and the Russians dislike Hillary Clinton even more than they dislike Barack Obama. The Russians know that if Hillary Clinton is elected that it is quite likely that they will have to fight a war with us, and that is why they desperately want Donald Trump to win in November. You can see this outlook reflected in comments that Russian President Vladimir Putin recently made about the two candidates … 
'Mrs. Clinton has chosen to take up a very aggressive stance against our country, against Russia. Mr. Trump, on the other hand, calls for cooperation – at least when it comes to the international fight against terrorism,' Putin said. 
'Naturally we welcome those who would like to cooperate with us. And we consider it wrong, that we always have to be in conflict with one another, creating existential threats for each other and for the whole world,' Putin noted. 
Anyone that watched the three presidential debates could see that Hillary Clinton is absolutely seething with animosity for Russia. The thought of her finger on the nuclear trigger is almost too terrible to contemplate, but it may soon become a reality. 
And even now, the Obama administration and our NATO allies are shifting forces into position for a confrontation with Moscow. This week it is being reported that NATO troops will soon be sent to Poland, Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania … Nine hundred US troops are to be sent to eastern Europe next year as America's troubled relationship with Russia enters new, uncertain territory. A US-led battle group of NATO allied soldiers will be sent to Poland as part of the multi-nation operation. British forces will lead one of the four battle groups in Estonia, Canada will spearhead the presence in Latvia and Germany will be present in Lithuania. 
In addition, Infowars is reporting that U.S. Marines will soon be stationed in Norway near the border with Russia… 
After accepting a Pentagon proposal, Norway will host US Marines at a base near the Russian border as Russia deploys nuclear-capable ships to Kaliningrad. 
A rotating force of approximately 330 Marines will be stationed at an airfield in the city of Vaernes, just outside Trondheim, beginning in January. Norway and Russia share an 122-mile border in the Arctic. 
'The US initiative to augment their training and exercises in Norway by locating a Marine Corps Rotational Force in Norway is highly welcome and will have positive implications for our already strong bilateral relationship,' said Norwegian Defense Minister Ine Eriksen Søreide. 
Most Americans aren't aware of any of this, nor do they really care about our relationship with Russia. 
But in Russia things are completely different. The possibility of war with the United States is the biggest news story over there these days , and feverish preparations are being made for a potential nuclear confrontation … 
Russian authorities have stepped up nuclear-war survival measures amid a showdown with Washington, dusting off Soviet-era civil-defense plans and upgrading bomb shelters in the biggest cities. 
At the Kremlin's Ministry of Emergency Situations, the Cold War is back. 
The country recently held its biggest civil defense drills since the collapse of the U.S.S.R., with what officials said were 40 million people rehearsing a response to chemical and nuclear threats. 
I know that I have been writing about this over and over , but the truth is that we are on a path to war with Russia, and the election of Hillary Clinton would greatly accelerate the march toward war. 
In my controversial new book , I expressed my belief that war with Russia is coming, but at the time that I wrote it I didn't know how the election would turn out. 
At this point it looks like Clinton is very likely to win on November 8th, and that would be absolutely disastrous for our relationship with Russia. 
If you are reading this and you are considering voting for Hillary Clinton, please don't do it . We simply cannot afford to have an emotionally unstable warmonger with a violent temper in the White House at this critical time. 
If the American people do choose Hillary Clinton this November, I believe that it will be a choice that they will bitterly, bitterly regret in future years.

ARTICLE

Get Ready For Civil Unrest: Survey Finds That Most Americans Are Concerned About Election Violence   
By Michael Snyder 
Could we see violence no matter who wins on November 8th? Let's hope that it doesn't happen, but as you will see below, anti-Trump violence is already sweeping the nation. If Trump were to actually win the election, that would likely send the radical left into a violent post-election temper tantrum unlike anything that we have ever seen before. Alternatively, there is a tremendous amount of concern on the right that this election could be stolen by Hillary Clinton. And as I showed yesterday, it appears that voting machines in Texas are already switching votes from Donald Trump to Hillary Clinton . If Hillary Clinton wins this election under suspicious circumstances, that also may be enough to set off widespread civil unrest all across the country. 
At this moment there is less than two weeks to go until November 8th, and a brand new survey has found that a majority of Americans are concerned 'about the possibility of violence' on election day… 
A 51% majority of likely voters express at least some concern about the possibility of violence on Election Day; one in five are 'very concerned.' Three of four say they have confidence that the United States will have the peaceful transfer of power that has marked American democracy for more than 200 years, but just 40% say they are 'very confident' about that. 
More than four in 10 of Trump supporters say they won't recognize the legitimacy of Clinton as president, if she prevails, because they say she wouldn't have won fair and square. 
But many on the left are not waiting until after the election to commit acts of violence. On Wednesday, Donald Trump's star on the Walk of Fame was smashed into pieces by a man with a sledgehammer and a pick-ax… 
Donald Trump took a lot of hits today, and not just in the Presidential race. With less than two weeks to go before America decides if the ex- Apprentice host will pull off a surprise victory over Hillary Clinton, Trump's star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame was destroyed early Wednesday morning by a man dressed as a city construction worker and wielding a sledgehammer and pick-ax in what looks to be a Tinseltown first. 
And there were two other instances earlier this year when Donald Trump's star was also vandalized. One came in January, and the other happened in June … 
This is of course not the first time the GOP candidate's star has been attacked or defaced since Trump announced his White House bid in summer 2015. The most extreme measure was a reverse swastika being sprayed on the star at 6801 Hollywood Blvd in late January. In June this summer, a mute sign was painted on Trump's star in a seemingly protest against the antagonistic language and policies some have accused Trump of promoting and reveling in during the campaign. In both cases, Trump's star was quickly cleaned and back as new within a day. 
We have seen anti-Trump violence on the east coast as well. Earlier this month, someone decided to firebomb the Republican Party headquarters in Orange County, North Carolina. On the building next to the headquarters, someone spray-painted 'Nazi Republicans get out of town or else' along with a swastika. 
There have also been other disturbing incidents of anti-Trump violence all over the nation in recent days. A recent Lifezette article put together quite a long list, and the following is just a short excerpt from that piece… 
On Oct. 15 in Bangor, Maine, vandals spray-painted about 20 parked cars outside a Trump rally. Trump supporter Paul Foster, whose van was hit with white paint, told reporters, 'Why can't they do a peaceful protest instead of painting cars, all of this, to make their statement?' 
Around Oct. 3, a couple of Trump supporters were assaulted in Zeitgeist, a San Francisco bar, after they were allegedly refused service for expressing support for Trump, GotNews reports. 'The two Trump supporters were attacked, punched, and chased into the street by 'some thugs' that a barmaid called out from the back.' Lilian Kim of ABC 7 Bay Area tweeted a photo of the men, in which one was wearing a Trump T-shirt and the other was wearing a 'Blue Lives Matter' shirt. 
On Sept. 28 in El Cajon, California, an angry mob at a Black Lives Matter protest beat 21-year-old Trump supporter Feras Jabro for wearing a 'Make America Great Again' baseball cap. The assault was broadcast live using the smartphone app Periscope. 
There is a move to get Trump supporters to wear red on election day, but in many parts of America that might just turn his supporters into easy targets. Let's certainly hope that we don't see the kind of violent confrontations at voting locations that many experts are anticipating. 
Of course there are also many on the right that are fighting mad, and a Hillary Clinton victory under suspicious circumstances may be enough to push them over the edge. 
For example, this week former Congressman Joe Walsh said that he is 'grabbing my musket' if Donald Trump loses the election… 
Former Rep. Joe Walsh appeared to call for armed revolution Wednesday if Donald Trump is not elected president. 
Walsh, a former tea party congressman from Illinois who is now a conservative talk radio host, tweeted, 'On November 8th, I'm voting for Trump. On November 9th, if Trump loses, I'm grabbing my musket. You in?' 
And without a doubt, many ordinary Americans are stocking up on guns and ammunition just in case Hillary Clinton is victorious. The following comes from USA Today … 
'Since the polls are starting to shift quite a bit towards Hillary Clinton, I've been buying a lot more ammunition,' says Rick Darling, 69, an engineer from Harrison Township, in Michigan's Detroit suburbs. In a follow-up phone interview after being surveyed, the Trump supporter said he fears progressives will want to 'declare martial law and take our guns away' after the election. 
Today America is more divided than I have ever seen it before, and the mainstream media is constantly fueling the hatred and the anger that various groups feel toward one another. 
Ironically, Donald Trump has been working very hard to bring America together. In fact, he is solidly on track to win a higher percentage of the black vote than any Republican presidential candidate since 1960 . 
If Hillary Clinton and the Democrats win on November 8th, things will not go well for Hillary Clinton's political enemies. The Clintons used the power of the White House to go after their enemies the first time around, and Hillary is even more angry and more bitter now than she was back then. 
And the radical left is very clear about who their enemies are. This is something that I discussed on national television earlier this month … 
As I write this, it is difficult for me to even imagine how horrible a Hillary Clinton presidency would be. 
But at this point that appears to be the most likely outcome . 
Out of all the candidates that we could have chosen, the American people are about to put the most evil one by far into the White House. 
Perhaps Donald Trump can still pull off a miracle and we can avoid that fate, but time is rapidly slipping away and November 8th will be here before we know it.

ARTICLE

Tech' Malaise Pricks San Francisco Office Space Bubble   
Wolf Richter wolfstreet.com , www.amazon.com/author/wolfrichter Tough business decisions loom. 
The rumored second round of layoffs at Twitter – which in 2011 was granted by the befuddled city of San Francisco the 'Twitter tax break' on employment taxes – comes at a very inopportune moment for the glory of commercial real estate. These layoffs would amount to 8% to Twitter's workforce, or about 300 people, according to Bloomberg . 
Already, Twitter has thrown 183,642 square feet of vacant office space at its two-building Mid-Market headquarters on the sublease market, thus bringing it to 1.51 million square feet (msf). 
This comes at a time when, according to the ' snapshot ' from Cushman & Wakefield, leasing activity nearly ground to a halt in the third quarter, with only 875,000 sf leased – the lowest since 2001! 
There was only one major lease deal over 100,000 sf: Amazon's live streaming video platform Twitch, which took 178,000 sf. The next largest deal was less than half that size: WeWork leased 78,000 sf. 
Leasing activity for the three quarters this year plunged 30% from the same period last year, to just 4.7 msf, according to a report released this week by commercial real estate services firm Savills Studley , which added dryly, 'The competition for space has calmed dramatically from several quarters ago.' 
And there is a lot of new supply coming on the market, according to Cushman & Wakefield: currently, 3.8 msf of office space are under construction, with 31% preleased. 
Overall vacancy rose 0.7 percentage points from the prior quarter to 9.0% in Q3, according to Savills Studley. In Class A buildings, availability jumped 1.1 percentage points to 10.4%. Some areas were still red-hot, but others are turning cold: In the SOMA area, there were practically no vacancies (1.0%). But at the other end of the spectrum, vacancies at the Financial District South spiked 2.5 percentage points to 12.3%. 
Overall, the San Francisco office market, though it has turned the corner, is still tight, compared to the 17.9% vacancy rate of the US index 
As leasing activity has ground into slow-motion, with demand fizzling and companies waiting for rates to drop, while landlords still try to hold on, overall office rents edged up 1.4% to $65.20 per square foot. For Class A buildings, rents rose by 0.9% to $66.75/sf. 
In some submarkets, rents are still rising: at one end of the spectrum, Financial District North, rents rose 2.3% from a year ago, very tepid by San Francisco's explosive standards. But in other submarkets, rents are coming down: at Jackson Square (the area just north of the Transamerica Pyramid, one of the oldest commercial areas) rents fell 4.7%, and at Rincon/South Beach rents fell 2.4%, with Class A rents down 5.2%. 

How tough is it for businesses to make these sky-high rents work? Charles Schwab's entire 435,000 sf headquarters building is up for lease. The lease expires in May 2018, and Schwab hasn't renewed it yet. It's contemplating moving at least some of its operations to cheaper areas and states, including North Texas. Other companies have already moved out of San Francisco, and others are working on it, including Uber, which is moving across the Bay. 
The rate of $65.20/sf in San Francisco is about double the US index of $33.82/sf. And that's part of the problem. Because it's not a perfect world anymore. 
The office sector in San Francisco is dependent on the startup boom, the stock market, the IPO market, the rush of global money, and exuberant optimism in the VC community that this is going to work out somehow, that these startups in bio tech, medical devices, social media, ad tech, fin tech, travel tech, and beer-home-delivery tech are going to be unicorns someday, and that enough of these unicorns are actually going to fly. 
That's where the money comes from to fund companies with big cash drains that hire lots of people and lease a lot more office space then they'll ever need in the hope of growing into it as they soar along their exponential growth curve on their way to disrupting dinner as we know it. 
But when VCs and other investors suddenly get skittish, as they did last year and earlier this year as IPOs were drying up, they tighten their purse strings, and some startup shut down while others are laying off people and are putting expansion plans on hold. Valuations have fallen from crazy levels to still crazy levels. More mature companies, like Twitter, have run into the wall of reality where dreams go POP. And others are moving to cheaper pastures. 
But all the fretting appeared to settle down this spring and summer. Stock markets became perky again, some IPOs started flying once again off the shelf in September, mid and later-stage startups were able to secure funding, thus creating some support for office space, and the hope is that the office sector would escape a total rout this time. 
Landlords are trying to navigate this new era, and they're piling on concessions. Savills Studley: 
They continue to lock in creditworthy tenants over the long-term by boosting concession packages for relocating tenants and current tenants extending their lease term. The rise in concessions is a direct response to a very sharp drop-off in leasing over the last several quarters. 
As recently as mid-year 2015, tech firms were making pre-emptive strikes on space well before they had the staff to fill it. Bidding wars for space have become few and far between. Additionally, some companies are delaying space-use decisions, either due to lightened budgets or a belief that rent will be lower in the immediate future. 
And the new fancy office towers and other buildings coming on the market are facing a widening gap between their $80/sf asking rents and the 'growing pool of sublet space now available under $60/sf.' 
This is how office markets turn. Activity plunges as demand suddenly fizzles, while new supply floods the market. Exuberance evaporates. Suddenly companies and landlords go into a standoff, and not much happens until rents come down. But once rents start coming down, companies are holding out for even more concessions and lower rents. Rather than bidding wars, tough negotiations set in, now that vacancies are rising for everyone to see. And the whole bubble mentality collapses into something resembling rational and focused business decision making.

ARTICLE

Clinton perversion of electoral procedures, manipulation of media and the Justice system should make every American voter think twice about Hillary 
Before we get into the meat of this thing, let me make two things very clear: The evidence presented here is not the usual half-checked/chosen at random/doctored stuff we're used to in madcap conspiracy rumours. Everything shown here is a matter of undisputed public record – a rare thing in this Presidential campaign I'm not trying to prove a theory here, as I lack the resources to do so. I am merely using informed logic to establish those four things required to build any credible case: behavioural track record, means, motive and opportunity. There is no doubt in my mind, however, that in terms of capability of performing dirty tricks, the Clinton campaign ticks all four boxes. The Clintons' track record on dirty tricks 
Negative advertising, smear rumour, making rally halls look more full/empty on TV and innate media bias have all been obvious for many years in Western election campaigns. Not surprisingly, during Presidential campaigns this is heightened by the physically more personal nature of the contest. 
Huffington Post banned The Slog from commenting in 2012 after I alleged the use of troll swarms by Obama to mess up Republican sites. Three months later, his White House CoS casually confirmed the story. 
This is truth bending, and isn't illegal. But the Clinton track record against Bernie Sanders is of a quite different order. I was given first-hand evidence, for example, of blatant threats to Democratic National Convention (DNC) workers that anyone helping organise Sanders rallies would have no future or place in a Clinton White House. But there is also disturbing evidence of electoral irregularity as well. October 2015 – over 120,000 voting registrations lost in Brooklyn – & rock solid Sanders neighbourhood, plus nearly a third of Sanders supporters complaining that, on pitching up to vote, their Party registrations had been changed Over nine straight 2015 primaries, Sanders won seven: in the other two, 'massive voter irregularities' were reported. Hillary won them. The supposedly neutral DNC is stuffed with overt Clinton activists. The private company collecting sensitive poll/registration information NPG van has close ties to Bill Clinton and worked for him in 1992. Leaks from NPG are, to say the least, recurrent. On the eve of the Democratic party's convention in Philadelphia, a whopping 20,000 emails were made public by Wikileaks showing supposedly 'neutral' senior party officials tried to undermine Mr Sanders's insurgent left-wing campaign by publicly portraying him as an atheist. Solidly Sanders locations in Arizona's Maciopa County found their polling booths available reduced from 200 to 60. Odd behaviour during a Primary campaign. Undercover videos just four days ago showed two senior DNC operatives openly admitting to paid interference with Trump rallies and voter registration manipulation. 
These days, one talks to Washington pundits who – sadly – shrug and say 'both sides are at it – they cancel each other out'. But what I've shown above is just a fraction of highlights compared to the total media exposure of Clinton criminality. Doing a quick count from 78 sites, press titles and broadcasters last night, allegations against the Clinton campaign outnumber all others by 5/2. 
However, it's at this point that we go beyond even electoral irregularity and into suggestions of Hillary Clinton perverting the course of events at the Department of Justice (DoJ). Here, we segue neatly into 'means'. The means to destroy Trump 
Without any shadow of doubt, the biggest bubbling-under scandal of the campaign (until complaints about Trump's locker-room and sex abuse behaviour 'surfaced') was that involving emails sent by Hillary Clinton during her time as Secretary of State. 
The headline here is this: while heading up State, she only used her own personal and heavily abuse-protected server to send official emails – rather than official State Department email accounts maintained on federal servers. On leaving that job, the State Department hurriedly classified all the emails retrospectively. 
This suggestive of the fact that Ms Clinton has something to hide. Her behaviour was also highly irregular, and cannot solely be explained by national security concerns: if there are fears about how secure State is, then we may as well all pack up and go home. (There are as it happens; but their security is a hundred times more sophisticated than hers). 
Hillary maintains that her behaviour did not break federal rules, and there are precedents to show that. The hole in her defence is that there are no precedents for all the emails to have produced on her private server. 
Having seen the content of some 150 emails, the FBI began by being quite bullish on the subject of an investigation. But then suddenly it wasn't. An anodyne report was eventually issued in July 2016, criticising her 'extreme carelessness'. 
Her behaviour does not support that finding. Over at the DoJ, Dan Metcalfe, head of the Justice Department's Office of Information and Privacy (FOIA), said this gave her even tighter control over her emails by not involving a third party such as Google, and helped prevent their disclosure by Congressional subpoena. He added: 'She managed successfully to insulate her official emails, categorically, from the FOIA, both during her tenure at State and long after her departure from it—perhaps forever', making it 'a blatant circumvention of the FOIA by someone who unquestionably knows better' . 
But neither State nor the DoJ did anything. The former issued a report making it clear that Secretary Clinton had lied to employees about the 'permission' she had, and confirmed that permission had never been sought. She also lied to the media about never sending classified material via her own server: a review of the 55,000-page email eventually released found 'hundreds of potentially classified emails'. 
There is a clear – very clear – scenario that scopes out here: that of an ambitious wannabe US President conspiring to hide her guilt about stuff in perpetuity. Among the forty emails held back by US security agencies are those assumed to refer to the Benghazi Compound disaster, during which the Ambassador lost his life in the most bestial manner. 
However, the FBI having been quietly told to pipe down, the job facing the Clintons now was to get the DoJ onside. Bill went right to the very top. 
In late June 2016, it was reported that Bill Clinton met privately with Attorney General Loretta Lynch on her private plane on the tarmac at Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport. Three days later, a Justice Department official categorically told the media that Attorney General Lynch will accept 'whatever recommendation career prosecutors and the F.B.I. director make about whether to bring charges related to Hillary Clinton's personal email server'. 
Washington sources confirm that Lynch 'already pretty much knew what the FBI would say'. Did the Clintons have a strong motive? 
Nothing is ever conclusive in these areas. But the overwhelming suggestion from these events is that the Clintons most certainly do have the means to influence the activities and output of the Justice Department. 
However, it's easy to argue that Candidate Clinton had little to fear from Trump; the media almost universally dismissed him as a no-hoper. So why take the risk of, potentially, using the DoJ to put her adversary in a spot? 
It's easy to argue that, but the US media have been wrong about Donald Trump since Day One. And the facts don't support the argument. 
Last night, the BBC released this trend map of the poll support for each candidate throughout the campaign: 
On this diagram, I have indicated in green ink the two points at which Clinton and Trump are neck and neck. In early to mid July – following embarrassing email revelations – Clinton's support dips, and Trump briefly overtakes her. 
From the word go, the Clinton campaign saw Trump's financial background, practices and exposure as an obvious weakness. Having pressed hard for his tax returns, once his official election as the GOP presidential nominee was confirmed – June 19th 2016 – they began demanding to see his financials. 
In fact, they already knew of one unfortunate link: on March 20th, the Murdoch-owned Wall Street Journal had featured a piece showing Donald Trump's massive dependence on Deutsche Bank as a credit supplier. The Murdoch press is campaigning solidly for Hillary, and Rupert himself has given substantial donations to her presidential bid. His motives towards her and Deutsche have been detailed by The Slog elsewhere . 
The dates here are key – particularly the dates from which Deutsche Bank ceases to be 'troubled' in the background, and increasingly becomes a foreground, front-page crisis . 
In early to mid June, Trump racks up his support and closes the gap with Clinton.Other financial papers pick up on the WSJ story….despite the fact that Trump's cash flow and personal salary alone would be enough to pay off all the Deutsche loans. At this point, the International Monetary Fund releases a report saying that Deutsche Bank 'appears to be the most important net contributor to systemic risks in the global banking system.' 
The IMF – and its boss Christine Lagarde – are prime movers in aiding Clintonian foreign policy relating to the EU and North Africa. But still Trump's support leaps from 34-40%. Then early July, S&P Global Ratings lowers its outlook on Deutsche Bank to negative. At the same time, Deutsche Bank's U.S. unit fails the U.S. Federal Reserve's stress test. The story filters down into non-specialist media. Clinton consolidates her lead. 
But by this time, DB is starting to look like a basket case – which it has been for years – and the 'ailing' bank gets kicked out of the STOXX blue-chip Europe 50 index. 
And yet, the Donald starts to recover momentum. By mid September, he's back to almost neck and neck. It's now that the DoJ Establishment goes for the throat.The Justice Department chooses this precise moment – September 16th – to splash with the news that Deutsche Bank faces a whopping $14.5 billion malpractice fine. Within hours, its shares go into freefall. 
Between September 20th and 28th, a broader media blitz and online campaign openly calls Trump 'massively dependent on Deutsche loans'. Counterspin from the Deutsche camp claims negotiations to reduce the DoJ fine are well in hand. Two days later Justice splashes again: no, it alleges, they haven't even started yet. 
But still, general awareness of the Trump-Deutsche link remains low….and Trump himself steadies his poll ratings. Locker rooms, pussy grabbing abuse allegations suddenly sprout via close Clinton ally David Farenthold. Donald's poll ratings dive. 
Donald Trump is just beginning to recover his position. Already pro-Democrat sites are switching tack to say that Trump 'is a puppet candidate of foreign banks' – a silly allegation, given that he only works with one, and it's more dependent on his business than vice versa. Meanwhile, the Department of Justice has Deutsche CEO John Cryan by the balls; as far as the Clintons are concerned, it holds all the cards. Opportunity 
For myself, I doubt very much that Hillary & Co will go any further down the 'dodgy credit' road. With only two weeks to go to Election day, an imminent Deutsche collapse would play into Trump's allegedly wandering hands: it is, after all, the US unit that faces the fine, and Trump's populism is anti Wall Street. 
I think an equal (if not bigger) force behind pushing Deutsche Bank into the limelight is that of forcing it into a Middle East role where it can be a Rottweiller controlled by State, its old boss Hillary Clinton, and massive regional investor Rupert Murdoch. 
But while the opportunity was there, it's obvious that Bill Clinton had all the influence his wife needs to help her get elected. Indeed, by being so unpopular in his own Party, Donald Trump has made this a much easier task: nobody but nobody in the US élite wants Trump in the White House. 
As I endeavoured to stress at the outset, the object in this post is not to prove a conspiracy, but rather to present an avalanche of evidence to support one simple – and widespread – observation about the Hillarybillies: as their power has increased, so too has their megalomania inflated to a frightening degree. 
Where once there were only crooked land deals and cigars to go on, today it is easy to argue that this creepy couple are operating at the kind of level where the American systems of Law, foreign policy, power separation and democracy itself are being perverted. This much has been obvious for some time; but American voters need to make their minds up by November 8th which they want least – Donald Trump in the White House, or Mr and Mrs Clinton doing the bidding of corporate globalism…while dragging the US further and further towards geopolitical confrontation. 
Looked at in that way, while this has probably been the most superficial and childish Presidential contest in American history, it will probably also turn out to have been the most important.

ARTICLE

The Real Reason Obamacare is Coming Unglued by IWB · October 27, 2016 Tweet 
The days of $20 doctor house calls and affordable hospitals stays for the uninsured are long gone. Chalk it up to government involvement in healthcare. Now we learn that 'Obamacare' premiums will sharply rise in 2017. Prepare for what's next.

ARTICLE

— Holger Zschaepitz (@Schuldensuehner) October 27, 2016 
Deutsche Bank AG's surprise third-quarter profit was overshadowed by Chief Executive Officer John Cryan failing to dispel concerns that uncertainty tied to a U.S. settlement will continue to linger. 
Net income was 256 million euros ($279 million) after a loss of 6.01 billion euros a year ago, the Frankfurt-based lender said on Thursday. That beat an average 394 million-euro loss forecast by 14 analysts in a Bloomberg News survey. Trading revenue rose 10 percent, driven by debt and currencies, the biggest source of income, also beating estimates. 
Cryan, 55, has struggled to stem a slide in shares and maintain client confidence after the U.S. Department of Justice last month requested $14 billion to settle a probe into faulty securities, more than twice the bank's legal provisions. Some investors have called for deeper cost cuts amid concern that the lender will have to raise capital even after eliminating thousands of jobs. 
'This is a small step on the path to improvement, but there are still many potholes in the road,' said Ulf Moritzen, who helps manage about 2.4 billion euros, including Deutsche Bank shares, at Aramea Asset Management in Hamburg, Germany. 'The mood will be pretty depressed until the big settlements are out of the way.'

ARTICLE

Chairman Of The House Oversight and Government Reform Committee, Jason Chaffetz, Says He Will Vote For TRUMP. by IWB · October 27, 2016 Tweet 
by Pamela Williams 
Jason Chaffetz, Chairman of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee, tweeted Wednesday night he will vote for Donald Trump for President. He went on to say, 'Hillary IS that bad', and he should know. He has worked on the Benghazi Committee, as well as the investigation into her use of a private email server and the deletion of more than 30,000 emails from that account. 
Chaffetz is the Representative from Utah, and he is as reputable as anyone you will find in today's corrupt government. He did find confusion as to whom he would vote for, as he was disappointed with Trump when the widely distributed 'sex tape' came out. It threw him, but he simply cannot vote for Hillary, as he knows beyond a shadow of a doubt she is bad to the bone and will lead this Country into further destruction. I will not defend or endorse @realDonaldTrump , but I am voting for him. HRC is that bad. HRC is bad for the USA. 
— Jason Chaffetz (@jasoninthehouse) October 27, 2016 
Republican congressman Jason Chaffetz, who hails from the newly-minted toss-up state of Utah, seemingly has had a change of heart: He now says he will indeed vote for Donald Trump . 
'I will not defend or endorse @realDonaldTrump, but I am voting for him. HRC is that bad. HRC is bad for the USA,' Chaffetz tweeted Wednesday night.

ARTICLE

MIND-BLOWING LIVE Facebook POLL comments show Trump winning 95%! (90k comments+) … This is PROOF we need if election is rigged. by IWB · October 27, 2016 Tweet 
Another Facebook poll showing Trump winning 90% of votes, 90,00 — look at these comments, stunning — from all over the country. Unbiased poll… I have yet to see Hillary produce ANY Facebook poll where she wins. 
This coincides with the other 500,000 FB comment poll posted on GLP a while back, also showing Trump winning 90% of comments: 


Minnesota's 8th District – traditionally Democrat working class 
The eighth Congressional District of Minnesota is a working class area in Eastern Minnesota. It has voted for a Democrat in the last four Presidential elections. It has a Democrat Congressman and will likely be the most expensive Congressional race this year. 
Usually, a Democrat Presidential candidate would win. But a recent poll held a shock: 
Donald Trump is up 12 points! 
And more: Trump is winning among women. And the Democrat Party is losing members. They're becoming Independents. 
What The Data Says did this analysis of the Eighth Congressional District of Minnesota: 
– Trump is beating Hillary by 12 points: 'Our poll shows Republican Donald Trump with a 12-point lead over Clinton, 47 percent to 35 percent' – Trump is winning with women: 'leading Clinton 41 percent to 39 percent.' – Dems are crossing over: 'the number of Democrats dropped from 34 percent in 2014 to 27 percent in 2016. The number of independents jumped from 31 percent two years ago to 41 percent this year.' 
WHY CAN'T HILLARY PRODUCE ANYTHING CLOSE TO A WINNING FACEBOOK COMMENT POLL? 
AMISH VOTERS Rally for DONALD TRUMP in Pennsylvania (VIDEO) thousands in the rain for Trump rally…incl Amish!Lancaster Co., PA pic.twitter.com/pB7XaMAsV2 
— Chris Pontius (@cpFNC) October 1, 2016 AMISH COME OUT FOR TRUMP IN PA. GOD BLESS TRUMP!!! pic.twitter.com/hAAypaL6PV

ARTICLE

The Dark Agenda Behind Globalism And Open Borders   
by Brandon Smith 
When people unfamiliar with the liberty movement stumble onto the undeniable fact of the 'conspiracy' of globalism they tend to look for easy answers to understand what it is and why it exists. Most people today have been conditioned to perceive events from a misinterpreted standpoint of 'Occam's Razor' — they wrongly assume that the simplest explanation is probably the right one. 
In fact, this is not what Occam's Razor states. Instead, to summarize, it states that the simplest explanation GIVEN THE EVIDENCE at hand is probably the right explanation. 
It has been well known and documented for decades that the push for globalism is a deliberate and focused effort on the part of a select 'elite;' international financiers, central bankers, political leaders and the numerous members of exclusive think tanks. They often openly admit their goals for total globalization in their own publications, perhaps believing that the uneducated commoners would never read them anyway. Carroll Quigley, mentor to Bill Clinton and member of the Council on Foreign Relations, is often quoted with open admissions to the general scheme: 
'The powers of financial capitalism had (a) far-reaching aim, nothing less than to create a world system of financial control in private hands able to dominate the political system of each country and the economy of the world as a whole. This system was to be controlled in a feudalist fashion by the central banks of the world acting in concert, by secret agreements arrived at in frequent meetings and conferences. The apex of the systems was to be the Bank for International Settlements in Basel, Switzerland; a private bank owned and controlled by the world's central banks which were themselves private corporations. Each central bank… sought to dominate its government by its ability to control Treasury loans, to manipulate foreign exchanges, to influence the level of economic activity in the country, and to influence cooperative politicians by subsequent economic rewards in the business world.' – Carroll Quigley, Tragedy And Hope 
The people behind the effort to enforce globalism are tied together by a particular ideology, perhaps even a cult-like religion, in which they envision a world order as described in Plato's Republic. They believe that they are 'chosen' either by fate, destiny or genetics to rule as philosopher kings over the rest of us. They believe that they are the wisest and most capable that humanity has to offer, and that through evolutionary means, they can create chaos and order out of thin air and mold society at will. 
This mentality is evident in the systems that they build and exploit. For example, central banking in general is nothing more than a mechanism for driving nations into debt, currency devaluation, and ultimately, enslavement through widespread economic extortion. The end game for central banks is, I believe, the triggering of historic financial crisis, which can then be used by the elites as leverage to promote complete global centralization as the only viable solution. 
This process of destabilizing economies and societies is not directed by the heads of the various central banks. Instead, it is directed by even more central global institutions like the International Monetary Fund and the Bank for International Settlements, as outlined in revealing mainstream articles like Ruling The World Of Money published by Harpers Magazine. 
We also find through the words of globalists that the campaign for a 'new world order' is not meant to be voluntary. 
'… When the struggle seems to be drifting definitely towards a world social democracy, there may still be very great delays and disappointments before it becomes an efficient and beneficent world system. Countless people … will hate the new world order … and will die protesting against it. When we attempt to evaluate its promise, we have to bear in mind the distress of a generation or so of malcontents, many of them quite gallant and graceful-looking people.' – HG Welles, Fabian Socialist and author of The New World Order 
'In short, the 'house of world order' will have to be built from the bottom up rather than f rom the top down. It will look like a great 'booming, buzzing confusion,' to use William James' famous description of reality, but an end run around national sovereignty, eroding it piece by piece, will accomplish much more than the old-fashioned frontal assault.' – Richard Gardner, member of the Trilateral Commission, published in the April, 1974 issue of Foreign Affairs 
'The New World Order cannot happen without U.S. participation, as we are the single most significant component. Yes, there will be a New World Order, and it will force the United States to change its perceptions.' – Henry Kissinger, World Action Council, April 19, 1994 
I could quote globalists all day long, but I think you get the general idea. While some people see globalism as a 'natural offshoot' of free markets or the inevitable outcome of economic progress, the reality is that the simplest explanation (given the evidence at hand) is that globalism is an outright war waged against the ideal of sovereign peoples and nations. It is a guerrilla war, or fourth generation warfare, waged by a small group of elites against the rest of us. 
A significant element of this war concerns the nature of borders. Borders of nations, states and even towns and villages, are not just lines on a map or invisible barriers in the dirt. This is what the elites and the mainstream media would like us to believe. Instead, borders when applied correctly represent principles; or at least, that is supposed to be their function. 
Human beings are natural community builders; we are constantly seeking out others of like-mind and like-purpose because we understand subconsciously that groups of individuals working together can (often but not always) accomplish more. That said, human beings also have a natural tendency to value individual freedom and the right to voluntary association. We do not like to be forced to associate with people or groups that do not hold similar values. 
Cultures erect borders because, frankly, people have the right to vet those who wish to join and participate in their endeavors. People also have a right to discriminate against anyone who does not share their core values; or, in other words, we have the right to refuse association with other groups and ideologies that are destructive to our own. 
Interestingly, globalists and their mouthpieces will argue that by refusing to associate with those who might undermine our values, it is WE who are violating THEIR rights. See how that works? 
Globalists exploit the word 'isolationism' to shame sovereignty champions in the eyes of the public, but there is no shame in isolation when such principles as freedom of speech and expression or the right to self defense are on the line. There is also nothing wrong with isolating a prosperous economic model from unsuccessful economic models. Forcing a decentralized free market economy to adopt feudal administration through central banking and government will eventually destroy that model. Forcing a free market economy into fiscal interdependencey with socialist economies will also most likely undermine that culture. Just as importing millions of people with differing values to feed on a nation after it has had socialism thrust upon it is a recipe for collapse. 
The point is, some values and social structures are mutually exclusive; no matter how hard you try, certain cultures can never be homogenized with other cultures. You can only eliminate one culture to make room for the other in a border-less world. This is what globalists seek to achieve. It is the greater purpose behind open border policies and globalization – to annihilate ideological competition so that humanity thinks it has no other option but the elitist religion. The ultimate end game of globalists is not to control governments (governments are nothing more than a tool). Rather, their end game is to obtain total psychological influence and eventually consent from the masses. 
Variety and choice have to be removed from our environment in order for globalism to work, which is a nice way to say that many people will have to die and many principles will have to be erased from the public consciousness. The elites assert that their concept of a single world culture is the pinnacle principle of mankind, and that there is no longer any need for borders because no other principle is superior to theirs. As long as borders as a concept continue to exist there is always the chance of separate and different ideals rising to compete with the globalist philosophy. This is unacceptable to the elites. 
This has led not so subtle propaganda meme that cultures that value sovereignty over globalism are somehow seething cauldrons of potential evil. Today, with the rising tide of anti-globalist movements, the argument in the mainstream is that 'populists' (conservatives) are of a lower and uneducated class and are a dangerous element set to topple the 'peace and prosperity' afforded by globalist hands. In other words, we are treated like children scrawling with our finger paints across a finely crafted Mona Lisa. Once again, Carroll Quigley promotes (or predicts) this propaganda decades in advance when he discusses the need for 'working within the system' for change instead of fighting against it: 
'For example, I've talked about the lower middle class as the backbone of fascism in the future. I think this may happen. The party members of the Nazi Party in Germany were consistently lower middle class. I think that the right-wing movements in this country are pretty generally in this group.' – Carroll Quigley, from Dissent: Do We Need It? 
The problem is that these people refuse to confront the fruits of globalization that can be observed so far. Globalists have had free reign over most of the world's governments for at least a century, if not longer. As a consequence of their influences, we have had two World Wars, the Great Depression, the Great Recession which is still ongoing, too many regional conflicts and genocides to count and the systematic oppression of free agent entrepreneurs, inventors and ideas to the point that we are now suffering from social and financial stagnation. 
The globalists have long been in power, yet, the existence of borders is blamed for the storm of crises we have endured for the past hundred years? Liberty champions are called 'deplorable' populists and fascists while globalists dodge blame like slimy slithering eels? 
This is the best card the globalists have up their sleeve, and it is the reason why I continue to argue that they plan to allow conservative movements to gain a measure of political power in the next year, only to pull the plug on international fiscal life support and blame us for the resulting tragedy. 
There is no modicum of evidence to support the notion that globalization, interdependencey and centralization actually work. One need only examine the economic and immigration nightmare present in the EU to understand this. So, the globalists will now argue that the world is actually not centralized ENOUGH. That's right; they will claim we need more globalization, not less, to solve the world's ailments. 
In the meantime, principles of sovereignty have to be historically demonized — the concept of separate cultures built on separate beliefs has to be psychologically equated with evil by future generations. Otherwise, the globalists will never be able to successfully establish a global system without borders. 
Imagine, for a moment, an era not far away in which the principle of sovereignty is considered so abhorrent, so racist, so violent and poisonous that any individual would be shamed or even punished by the collective for entertaining the notion. Imagine a world in which sovereignty and conservatism are held up to the next generation as the new 'original sins;' dangerous ideas that almost brought about the extinction of man. 
This mental prison is where globalists want to take us. We can break free, but this would require a complete reversal of the way in which we participate in society. Meaning, we need a rebellion of voluntary associations. A push for decentralization instead of globalization. Thousands upon thousands of voluntary groups focusing on localization, self reliance and true production. We must act to build a system that is based on redundancy instead of fragile interdependencey. We need to go back to an age of many borders, not less borders, until every individual is himself free to participate in whatever social group or endeavor he believes is best for him, as well as free to defend against people that seek to sabotage him; a voluntary tribal society devoid of forced associations. 
Of course, this effort would require unimaginable sacrifice and a fight that would probably last a generation. To suggest otherwise would be a lie. I can't possibly convince anyone that a potential future based on a hypothetical model is worth that sacrifice. I have no idea whether it is or is not. I can only point out that the globalist dominated world we live in today is clearly doomed. We can argue about what comes next after we have removed our heads from the guillotine. 



If you would like to support the publishing of articles like the one you have just read, visit our donations page here . We greatly appreciate your patronage.

ARTICLE

Paula Jones Calls Megyn Kelly A 'Nasty Heifer' After Contentious Interview With Gingrich [VIDEO]   
'Woohoo, he slammed this nasty heifer!' Jones said of Gingrich in a tweet she has since deleted but is screen captured below. 
Jones immediately caught flak from Twitter users for calling Kelly a name. @megmcsweeney wrong….she only believes the so called trump victims….hypocrite!

ARTICLE

Nation of Islam Leader Louis Farrakhan Hates President Obama   
I have never shared anything by Louis Farrakhan and before tonight would have bet money that I never would have. However, then came this: [insert] Now I don't agree with all of that, but I was absolutely stunned when another black man would openly criticize Obama – much less a black who happens to be the leader of the Nation of Islam! I'm still reporting from Washington. Good Day. 
Bill Still is a former newspaper editor and publisher. He has written for USA Today, The Saturday Evening Post, the Los Angeles Times Syndicate, OMNI magazine, and has also produced the syndicated radio program, Health News. He has written 22 books and two documentary videos and is the host of his wildly popular daily YouTube Channel the 'Still Report', the quintessential report on the economy and Washington.

ARTICLE

Project Veritas: Scott Foval Reveals Who Was Really Behind the Romney 47% Video   Tweet 
In this video, Scott Foval, the now former Field Director of Americans United For Change admits that the bartender who supposedly filmed Mitt Romney's notorious 47% moment was not a bartender, but was a lawyer. 'The lawyer took his phone and had the bartender walk around with it and set it up.'–Scott Foval

ARTICLE

Christians Look What Has Happened In Houston In 2014 and Today in Georgia   Tweet 
Pastor Steve Riggle addresses his congregation at the Grace Community Church in Houston. Riggle was one of five pastors who received a subpoena from Houston's city government asking him to turn over any sermon that addressed homosexuality, gender identity or Mayer Annise Parker. On Nov. 2, Grace Church will host the 'I Stand Sunday' event where Christians nationwide will show their support for the pastors. 
Although much has been reported regarding the ethics and legality behind the city of Houston's subpoena of five Houston-area pastors that had asked them to turn over all of their sermons that address homosexuality, gender identity, and the city's first openly-lesbian mayor, little attention has been given to who those five pastors actually are and the ministries they operate. 
So I guess they have spies going to church , this is beyond anything I ever thought I would see in my life time , freedom of religion I guess is for WHO 
Georgia Demands Pastor Surrender Sermons After Filing Federal Religious Discrimination Claim Read more at 
http://www.christianpost.com/news/georgia-demands-pastor-surrender-sermons-after-filing-federal-religious-discrimination-claim-171121/#EHpqdCx2v1cPGXo9.99 
This is the moment I wrote about in my book, 'God Less America.' I predicted that the government would one day try to silence American pastors. I warned that under the guise of 'tolerance and diversity' elected officials would attempt to deconstruct religious liberty. 
Sadly, that day arrived sooner than even I expected.

ARTICLE

How Crooked Hillary's 'Fixer' Destroyed Bill Clinton's Women   
'I arranged a meeting for Hillary and a woman in an exclusive Beverly Hills hotel,' the man, who was hired by the Clintons, via a Hollywood executive, to cover up their scandals, told The ENQUIRER. PHOTOS: Revenge! Donald Trump Fighting Back Against Hillary Clinton's Smear Campaign 'She had come to the studio to see the filming of a movie in 1994.' 'While I was there, I helped her slip out of a back exit for a one-on-one session with the other woman. It was made to look casual, leaving quietly [rather] that being caught up in the melee … but really it was for something presumably more sordid.' What's more, it wasn't just Hillary's flings with women that the shadowy Mr. Fix It helped to orchestrate!– Clinton's Top 5 Debate Whoppers Hillary's former bagman finally confessed to The ENQUIRER just how he helped her to cover up her affair with married lover Vince Foster, too! The shadowy figure — who provided PROOF of his employment for the Clintons — also revealed 12 fixes he covered-up, including: + How Hillary secretly plotted to a counter-attack on Bill's mistress Monica Lewinsky — via a document buried for two decades! + What crooked reporters were on the take from the Clinton camp! + How he covered up Bill's seedy romp with hookers! + Which A-list celebrity had a secret affair with Bill during his presidency! 
Bill Still is a former newspaper editor and publisher. He has written for USA Today, The Saturday Evening Post, the Los Angeles Times Syndicate, OMNI magazine, and has also produced the syndicated radio program, Health News. He has written 22 books and two documentary videos and is the host of his wildly popular daily YouTube Channel the 'Still Report', the quintessential report on the economy and Washington.

ARTICLE

Michael Moore Just Brought Every Liberal To Their Knees With This Epic Rant Proving Trump Will Win, Michael Moore Admits He Is Right   
Michael Moore Admits Trump Is Right 
Published on Oct 25, 2016 In a shocking video Michael Moore acurately describes what Donald Trump means to America and the middle class. 
SNL: Tom Hanks as Trump Supporter in Black Jeopardy Spoof. Hilarious! 
He will probably still vote for Hillary – but he sure opened a can of worms here!

ARTICLE

Petition to remove Megyn Kelly over 30k in just a few hours   Tweet 
Megyn Kelly is a news person with an agenda. Instead of reporting the news, she attempts to distort and manipulate facts to support her own agenda. Her latest victim is Donald Trump. A news source should not be trying to influence the American Voter. FOX professes to be fair and balance but Kelly loads her panels with those that support her views. This has become a typical FOX News ploy during these elections. Kelly needs to be removed from her position until she has learned the mantra 'The facts, ma'am, just the facts.'

ARTICLE

TREASON: OUR BANANA REPUBLIC EXPOSED — Bill Holter   Tweet 
Hillary Clinton is the Queen of the New World Order and the mainstream mockingbird media is colluding with the DNC and the Clinton campaign to HIDE her documented crimes from the American people. JS Mineset's Bill Holter is back to help document the collapse. Bill says that the United States is becoming a banana republic right before our eyes. As Donald Trump recently stated, 'The Clinton machine is at the center of this power structure. We've seen this firsthand with the Wikileaks documents in which Hillary Clinton meets in secret, with international banks to plot the destruction of U.S. sovereignty. The Clintons are criminals.' And still, the CIA mockingbird media targetsTrump while giving Clinton a free pass. The fix is in.

ARTICLE

— Susan? (@GaetaSusan) October 27, 2016 WikiLeaks: Former State Dept. Official Coordinated with Team Clinton on Uranium One Scandal Pushback One month before former State Department official Jose Fernandez defended then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton's decision to sign off on the transfer of 20 percent of U.S. uranium to Russia, Fernandez told John Podesta that he was eager to 'do all I can to support Secretary Clinton,' according to purported emails uncovered by WikiLeaks. On March 30, 2015 — weeks before the explosive book Clinton Cash was released, and nearly a month before the New York Times published a 4,000 word story detailing the Uranium One transaction that multiple donors to the Clinton Foundation made millions from — Jose Fernandez wrote an email to Podesta in hopes that the pair could meet. 
On April 17, Fernandez writes to Podesta, again, thanking him for their meeting and said, 'I would like to do all I can to support Secretary Clinton, and would welcome your advice and help in steering me to the right persons in the campaign.' 
http://www.breitbart.com/big-government/2016/10/26/wikileaks-former-state-dept-official-coordinated-with-team-clinton-on-uranium-one-scandal-pushback/ If The Media Investigated Hillary Like They Did Watergate, We Wouldn't Need WikiLeaks Today, mainstream publications have become willing accomplices in suppressing the same type of information they worked so tenaciously to expose all those years ago. 
It has now been more than four decades since the Washington Post and New York Times led the charge to bring down Richard Nixon and his administration's massive web of corruption and political subterfuge schemes. They did so by aggressively and tirelessly seeking out the truth, and reporting back to the American people clearly and comprehensively. 
Today, both publications have become willing accomplices in suppressing the same type of information they worked so tenaciously to expose all those years ago. By openly and unapologetically acting as institutional surrogates for the Clinton campaign, these same institutions, and nearly every other mainstream media outlet in America, have gone hands-off in exposing what may very well turn out to be the most explosive and damaging corruption scandal in American politics since 'Tricky Dick' was reelected back in '72. 
Not by coincidence, Julian Assange and WikiLeaks have stepped in to fill the void. And boy, are the 'truth seekers' mad about that! My, How Times Have Changed 
On June 17, 1972, five men were arrested for breaking and entering the Democratic National Committee headquarters at the Watergate complex. Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein, both reporters for the Washington Post at the time, unflinchingly pursued the complete truth behind the break-in. Little did they know that summer how vast was the network of lies and corruption their investigation would eventually uncover. 
The editors at the Post initially put the story on the back burner, while the Nixon administration deftly stonewalled the reporters' probes. By September, though, the Post and New York Times were fully on board with the investigation, and the administration had gone into full cover-up mode. Even though the FBI had confirmed that the administration had conducted a political sabotage conspiracy, it was not enough to keep Nixon from being reelected in a landslide in November. But the die was cast. The American press made it clear this story would not end until all the facts were in and Nixon and his henchmen were fully exposed. 
Fast-forward to 2016. We are now two weeks away from the general election, and once again a potentially devastating story appears to be developing, related to a web of corruption and deceit that could eventually rival the Watergate scandal. Just like 1972, the Post and the Times are fully engaged. Except this time, the 'two lions of journalism' have little interest in covering the avalanche of revelations pouring forth against the Clinton campaign. Instead, both publications are working around the clock to bring the Democratic nominee to power. That's not all. Nearly every other mainstream media outlet in the country has jumped on the bandwagon. 
It would be incorrect to think that until now the mainstream media has been a relatively objective source for news. This has been going on for a long time. Few could argue that back in the '70s, editors Ben Bradlee at the Post and Abe Rosenthal at the Times were not absolutely salivating at the chance to bring Nixon down. But they achieved this objective in relentless pursuit of the facts, not the willing suppression of the same. 
One would think, given the self-inflicted meltdown the Donald Trump camp finds itself in right now, the media might at least feign some level of balanced reporting, but they've made it very clear they're not taking any chances. They're going to keep digging dirt on Trump, and they're going to continue to minimize, to the best of their ability, a story that may well have historic and damaging implications, both for the nation as a whole and our entire political system moving forward. 
Although this may prove to be a very successful political tactic for this year's presidential election, it is likely to forever damage the reputation of mainstream American journalism, and it most certainly will continue to encourage the American public to look elsewhere for the unvarnished truth. President Obama's brother calls for @POTUS to pardon Assange https://t.co/BjtaY2wrJ1 
Assange & Kenya, background: https://t.co/BQ8EqCXTqD

ARTICLE

More Reports Of Votes Flipping From Trump To Clinton In Texas ….election Officials Dismiss Concerns… An Ongoing Cbs4 Voter Fraud Investigation Finds People Voting Twice by IWB · October 27, 2016 Tweet Following our story yesterday, there have been more reports of early voters in Texas seeing their ballots flipped from Donald Trump to Hillary Clinton. Voters in Arlington and Amarillo complained that when they highlighted the box to select Trump/Pence, it switched to Clinton/Kaine. Now numerous other Texans have gone public on social media to report similar problems. However, election officials in Texas are denying that there is a problem. 'Typically, we've found it's voter error with the equipment,' Frank Phillips, Tarrant County's election administrator, told WFAA . 'Sometimes they vote straight party and then click on other candidates … or do something with the wheel….There is not an issue with the equipment.' Are all these examples just voters making mistakes or inaccurately reporting what happened? Or could there be a real problem with electronic voting machines in Texas? 
http://www.infowars.com/more-reports-of-votes-flipping-from-trump-to-clinton-in-texas/ 
An ongoing CBS4 VOTER FRAUD investigation Finds People Voting Twice 
DENVER (CBS4)– An ongoing CBS4 voter fraud investigation has uncovered a dozen cases where Coloradans are suspected of voting twice. Previous CBS4 Investigations revealed ballots cast in the names of Coloradans who had been dead for months– sometimes years- before votes were cast in their names. 
In six of the new cases, voting records show the same people voting twice in Colorado elections. In another six cases, people are suspected of voting in Colorado and another state during the same election cycle. 
http://denver.cbslocal.com/2016/10/25/cbs4-investigation-finds-people-voting-twice/ 
Voting Machine Caught on Camera Casting Ballot for Democrat when Selecting Republican 
Early voting has only been underway for two whole and we're already facing a glitch in the system. Chambers County was forced to pull the plug on their voting machines and turn to the paper ballot due to a software problem. All electronic voting has been stopped until the software can be updated. 
http://kluv.cbslocal.com/2016/10/26/chambers-county-texas-switches-to-paper-ballots/ 
Florida Governor Busted Attempting To Toss Thousands Of Mail-In Ballots 
A federal judge on Saturday blocked Florida Governor Rick Scott's attempt to throw out tens of thousands of mail-in ballots, then publicly reprimanded him. U.S. District Judge Mark Walker issued a blistering caution to Scott's top election official on a lawsuit about vote-by-mail ballots. 
According to ABC News , the judge accused Governor Scott appointed Secretary of State Ken Detzner of 'delaying a hearing on the lawsuit, so that he could use every second available to run out the clock,' . That means, there would not be enough time to address the lawsuit. Then, Judge Walker said the governor's man, Detzner, was in effect committing an 'undeclared war' on Florida voters' rights. 
Florida's Democratic Party filed a lawsuit asserting that thousands of vote-by-mail ballots were rejected each election, because the voter's ballot envelope and the registration file signatures do not match. Without a signature, Florida law says that a vote-by-mail ballot cannot be counted.

ARTICLE

Merkel to Regulate Real Estate Loans by IWB · October 27, 2016 
by Martin Armstrong 
Merkel wants to regulate real estate loans in Germany. The Federal Government is planning to implement extensive regulations on real estate loans. Among other things, debtors will be required under certain circumstances to repay their loans within a given period. The Federal Government said on Monday that the draft law should be followed by recommendations from the German Committee on Financial Stability. 
While there is no real estate bubble right now, it appears they are concerned about further capital inflows, perhaps caused by the failed euro. The new hurdles to be imposed for new loans may have the negative impact of making sales of property in Germany far more difficult as a whole. Such schemes have tended to have a negative impact upon price.

ARTICLE

Italy Threatens to Veto EU Budget – No More Refugees by IWB · October 27, 2016 
by Martin Armstrong 
The Italian Prime Minister is calling for immediate help with the refugees. The EU refugee crisis is becoming a huge nightmare and Brussels refuses to simply admit it has made a bad decision. Italy is overwhelmed by the influx of refugees and is now calling for a fresh review. Italy cannot cope with a similar number of incoming refugees this year. Prime Minister Matteo Renzi has said he would resign if the upcoming Constitutional Amendment is rejected on December 4. He realizes the vastly unpopular influx of refugees must be stopped or he may have to resign. The Italian coastguard rescued more than 6,000 people from the sea, and this year alone about 155,000 refugees have arrived by sea in Italy. They are pouring in from Libya where operating traffickers send refugees to make large sums to get them to Italy. 
Renzi has now threatened that if other EU member states refuse to accept refugees he will veto the EU budget. Renzi pointed out that Italy pays the EU 20 billion euros and gets back only 12 billion. He has come out and stated that this system 'does not work.'

ARTICLE

Inside The Mind Of An FBI Informant; Terri Linnell Admits Role As Gov't Snitch by IWB · October 27, 2016 Tweet 
FBI informant Terri 'Momma Bear' Linnell tells why she became an informant, and what she told the FBI during the Bundy occupation of the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge in Burns Oregon earlier this year, in her first-ever interview. The occupation of the refuge ended with the death of rancher Robert 'LaVoy' Finicum and the arrests of dozens of other protestors. 
Only much of what she said was a lie and interviewer Bobby Powell, Publisher of The Truth Is Viral news program, knew it. Eye-witness testimony from three separate individuals dispute Linnell's account of events during the raid of a campground in Maryland during Operation American Spring by more than 40 agents from the Department of Homeland Security, the FBI, Maryland State Police, and the Secret Service. 
The witnesses all say Linnell was escorted away from the campground by the Secret Service while her friends and fellow campers were on their knees with automatic assault rifles pointed at their heads for hours. 
There is also evidence to indicate, including a slip of Linnell's own tongue, that she has been an informant for the FBI, and possibly even a paid agent, since the Occupy Wall Street protests in 2010.

ARTICLE

0 Our Landfill Economy: Want to make a quick profit along a tropical sea coast? Dig some big holes near the coast, dump in baby prawns, food and chemicals to suppress algae blooms and diseases and then harvest the prawns to ship to the insatiable markets of the developed world. by IWB · October 27, 2016 
by Charles Hugh-Smith 
This 'maximizing growth and profits is the highest good' mode of production is insane. 
Correspondent Bart D. (Australia) captured the entire global economy in three words: The Landfill Economy . Stuff is manufactured, energy is consumed shipping it somewhere, consumers buy it and shortly thereafter it ends up as garbage in the landfill. 
This is of course the definition of 'economic growth': waste, inefficiency, environmental destruction–none of these matter. Only two things matter: maximize 'growth' by any means necessary, and maximize profits by any means necessary. 
The Landfill Economy now encompasses the entire planet. The swirling gyre of plastic trash the size of Texas between Hawaii and California: it's just one modest example of the planetary trash dump that 'growth' and profit generate as byproducts/blowback. 
The planet's oceans are one giant trash dump. Everything from plastic water bottles to abandoned fishing nets to radiation to containers that fell off ships is floating around even the most distant corners of the seas. Seabirds nesting in remote islands die of starvation as their guts fill with plastic bits of 'permanent growth.' 
Globalization has turned the planet's land masses and rivers into trash dumps. Want to make a quick profit along a tropical sea coast? Dig some big holes near the coast, dump in baby prawns, food and chemicals to suppress algae blooms and diseases and then harvest the prawns to ship to the insatiable markets of the developed world. 
Once the prawn farms are poisoned wastelands, move on and despoil another coastline elsewhere. 
Globalization has greased the slippery slope from factory to landfill by enabling the global distribution of defective parts. Whether they are pirated, designed to fail or just the result of slipshod quality control, the flood of defective parts guarantee that the entire assembly they are installed in–stoves, vacuum cleaners, transmissions, electronics, you name it–will soon fail and be shipped directly to the landfill, as repairing stuff is far costlier than buying a new replacement. 
QE/ZIRP Is Crushing the Global Supply Chain, Product Quality and Profits (October 17, 2016) 
The Keynesian Cargo Cults that rule global economics love The Landfill Economy because it means more 'growth'. Never mind the poisoned seas, rivers and land, or the immense waste of energy, commodities and labor that result from the global manufacture and distribution of shoddy products: if it adds to 'growth,' it's all good in the warped view of the Keynesian Cargo Cults. 
We got your 'growth' right here. 
People are also tossed on the trash heap with careless abandon. The health of workers is a cost that reduces profits, so it's ignored unless it can be turned into a profit center via state funding for managing preventable diseases, i.e. sickcare. 
A worker sickened by industrial waste or lifestyle illnesses who becomes a profit center is a wonderful source of 'growth' and profits. 
A worker who can't generate a corporation or state a profit is dumped on the trash heap as a matter of routine. A worker who can't generate somebody a profit or 'growth' by taking on more debt to spend spend spend is worthless. 
If a robot or software can do the same work, then it is self-destructive for an enterprise to pay a human worker: if profits fall, Wall Street will crucify the enterprise and competitors will eat it alive. 
This 'maximizing growth and profits is the highest good' mode of production is insane. It doesn't have to rule the world. As I outline in my book A Radically Beneficial World: Automation, Technology & Creating Jobs for All , other more efficient, sustainable and humane modes of production are within reach if we escape from the global grip of the destructive 'growth by any means' cult.

ARTICLE

The WaPo reporters Bob Woodward & Carl Bernstein are compromised individuals. 
The Watergate Burglars 'Plumbers' were CIA assets, Operation 40 counterparts… 
Ironic that the author Timm Amundson, doesn't mention HRC's inclusion on the House Judiciary Committee Impeachment Inquiry staff in 1974 . 
At the time of Watergate I had overall supervisory authority over the House Judiciary Committee's Impeachment Inquiry staff that included Hillary Rodham—who was later to become First Lady in the Clinton White House. 
During that period I kept a private diary of the behind the scenes congressional activities. My original tape recordings of the diary and other materials related to the Nixon impeachment provided the basis for my prior book, Without Honor, and are now available for inspection in the George Washington University Library. 
After President Nixon's resignation, a young lawyer, who shared an office with Hillary, confided in me that he was dismayed by her erroneous legal opinions and efforts to deny Nixon representation by counsel—as well as an unwillingness to investigate Nixon. In my diary of August 12, 1974 I noted the following: 
John Labovitz apologized to me for the fact that months ago he and Hillary had lied to me [to conceal rules changes and dilatory tactics]. Labovitz said, 'That came from Yale.' I said, 'You mean Burke Marshall' [Senator Ted Kennedy's chief political strategist, with whom Hillary regularly consulted in violation of House rules.] Labovitz said, 'Yes.' His apology was significant to me, not because it was a revelation but because of his contrition. 
At that time Hillary Rodham was 27 years old. She had obtained a position on our committee staff through the political patronage of her former Yale law school professor Burke Marshall and Senator Ted Kennedy. Eventually, because of a number of her unethical practices I decided that I could not recommend her for any subsequent position of public or private trust.

ARTICLE

TRUMPED! LIBERAL NEWS OUTLET BLOOMBERG POLL CONCEDES TRUMP BEATING CROOKED HILLARY IN FLORIDA by IWB · October 27, 2016 
by Geoffrey Grider DONALD TRUMP HAS A SLIM ADVANTAGE IN FLORIDA AS CRITICAL INDEPENDENT VOTERS NARROWLY BREAK HIS WAY IN THE MUST-WIN BATTLEGROUND STATE, A BLOOMBERG POLITICS POLL SHOWS. I can't speak for south Florida , but as a longtime resident of north Florida I can promise you that there is a near frenzy of support for Donald Trump here. Over the past year I have seen endless amounts of Trump signs, stickers and banners. I saw a fair amount of pro-Bernie stuff as well. But pro-Hillary advertising? It's practically non-existent, I haven't even seen half a dozen stickers and absolutely zero lawn signs. So I find it astonishing when I turn on the 'news' and hear the libs talking about Hillary's double-digit lead over Trump. It's not true, don't believe it. Donald Trump is doing great and is on track to win the White House in just under two weeks. The Republican presidential nominee has 45 percent to Democrat Hillary Clinton's 43 percent among likely voters when third-party candidates are included, the poll found . In a hypothetical two-way race, Trump has 46 percent to Clinton's 45 percent. DONALD TRUMP RALLY IN SAINT AUGUSTINE DRAWS TENS OF THOUSANDS: 
With over 4,000 people already inside the Saint Augustine Amphitheater, I took 60 seconds to do a walk-thru of just a fraction of the thousands of people in the overflow section who stood there for hours waiting to see Donald Trump. This is the type of support Trump has here in Florida. Among independents , Trump gets 43 percent to Clinton's 41 percent in a head-to-head contest. When third-party candidates are included, Trump picks up 1 point with independents while Clinton drops to 37 percent, with Libertarian Gary Johnson taking 9 percent and the Green Party's Jill Stein getting 5 percent. 'This race may come down to the independent vote,' said pollster J. Ann Selzer, who oversaw the survey. ' Right now, they tilt for Trump . By a narrow margin, they opted for Obama over Romney in 2012.' Trump's showing in this poll is stronger than in other recent surveys in the state. Trump is also surging ahead of HIllary in Ohio and and is rapidly closing the gap in Pennsylvania. CNN ANCHOR'S STUNNED WHEN FACT CHECKER CONFIRMS HILLARY'S CORRUPTION:

ARTICLE

Small Stocks Threaten Breakdown – Can They Hang On? by IWB · October 27, 2016 
by Dana Lyons 
The Russell 2000 Small-Cap Index has violated (for now) the 2 key uptrend lines that we recently identified. 
A main theme recently among both our posts and our quantitative risk analysis has been the battle between weakening market internals and resilient price averages. Despite deteriorating breadth and momentum, most of the major averages had been able to hold above the key levels that we've identified. For example, just 9 days ago , we highlighted 2 Up trendlines on the chart of the Russell 2000 Small-Cap Index (RUT). These lines (e.g., the post-2009 and post-February Up trendlnes), we suggested, were the key in determining whether the RUT would maintain its upward trajectory (above the lines), or see an expansion in potential downside. Recently, the RUT had been able (barely) to hold the top side of of the trendlines and maintain its path of least resistance to the upside. That path may have shifted today. 
As these updated charts show, the RUT closed below the 2 key trendlines today – albeit by a fairly slim margin. 
Wide Angle: 
Close-Up: 
While the winds may have potentially shifted following today's action, the overall message here is the same as it was 9 days ago. Thus, we will repeat what we stated in that post: 
If the RUT should 'Continue to hold above the trendlines, the bulls will remain in control and the intermediate-term rally in small-cap stocks can persist further. Should the level give way, however, the bears may have their chance to finally deliver a more serious blow.' 
Absent a quick recovery of the broken trendlines, the bears would appear to have their chance now, especially given the elevated status of our broad market risk assessment. The question is will they finally follow through, or will the small stocks manage to narrowly hang on once again?

ARTICLE

HOW MUCH ARE YOUR INSURANCE PREMIUMS RISING? THIS INTERACTIVE MAP WILL TELL YOU by IWB · October 27, 2016 
Thanks to Obamacare, health insurance premiums are skyrocketing all across America. But how much are premiums rising in your state? This cool interactive map can tell you. 
Double click on your state for state average increase/

ARTICLE

(Translated from Russian, of course. Here is another translation of the same interview as well.) 
We will certainly welcome anyone who wants to work with us, and no, we are not interested in quarrelling constantly with anyone, which only creates threats to oneself and the world, or at the very least makes it harder to achieve the desired results in the fight against terrorism. 
We do not know what will happen after the election. We do not know whether or not presidential candidate Trump will follow through on his intentions, how far he will go in cooperation with us, whether Ms Clinton will stick to her harsh anti-Russian rhetoric if she is elected President, or maybe she will also adjust her position. We cannot know this now. 
I will repeat this again: sacrificing Russian-American relations for the sake of internal political events in the US is harmful and counterproductive. 
He's always so full of reason. I like the way that he speaks without having to remember which opinion is public and which is private. Russia uses the US as a scapegoat for plenty of things but they generally seem to have good intentions, even if they conflict with ours.

ARTICLE

Sean Hannity interviewing Mike Pence about Obama's claims on election fraud. Mr. Trump has recommended everyone watch this clip. by IWB · October 27, 2016 
Exposing the sheer hypocrisy of Barack Obama on the election fraud issue. 
Starting at 28:53

ARTICLE

WHAT TOMI LARHEN JUST DID MADE HILLARY CLINTON'S LIFE A LIVING HELL!   Tweet 
Danny Gold for Liberty Writers reports, Oh man, you gotta love Tomi Lahren. I mean forget the fact that she is easy on the eyes, this conservative bombshell has the bite of a cobra and the wit of Albert Einstein! Now she has come out all guns blazing ready to shoot down Hillary Clinton, and boy is Hillary in for a world of hurt. 
Read more:

ARTICLE

YOUTUBE BANS 'CLINTON'S BLACK SON'   Tweet 
NEW YORK –YouTube on Wednesday suspended the account of Danney Williams, the 30-year-old man who has claimed since the 1990s to be the black son of former President Bill Clinton. 
YouTube, citing 'repeated or severe violations of our Terms of Use and/or Community Guidelines,' declared the account 'cannot be restored.' 
The YouTube decision blocked the nine-minute feature 'BANISHED – The Untold Story of Danney Williams,' which had received 1.2 million views since Williams posted it last week. Produced by filmmaker Joel Gilbert, it drew nearly 100,000 views per day and more than 1,000 viewer comments, with the overwhelming majority expressing support for Williams and outrage at the Clintons for not being willing to allow a DNA test to determine paternity. 
Sign the precedent-setting petition supporting Trump's call for an independent prosecutor to investigate Hillary Clinton! 
'My YouTube account has been deleted, but the same video appears in 50 other places on YouTube alone,' Williams said on his Facebook page after being notified of YouTube's decision. '[YouTube] can't handle the truth! Please share #BillClintonSon.' 
Twitter also continues to allow Williams to post the 'Banished' video on Danney Williams' page , but the Twitter link to YouTube displays the message : 'This video is no longer available because the YouTube account associated with this video has been terminated. Sorry about that.'

ARTICLE

Clinton surrogate says 'nothing new here' three times in response to Clinton Foundation stories  

ARTICLE

The Dark Art of Political Intimidation  

ARTICLE

Hillary Spent $25 Million from Clinton Foundation on Private Jets   
by Martin Armstrong 
Bob Woodard , the journalist who broke the Watergate scandal that forced Nixon to resign, has come out to say that Hillary's Clinton Foundation is 'corrupt' and 'a scandal.' Hillary said she will continue the Clinton Foundation if president, meaning she would continue taking money from foreign governments, no doubt. 
While the IRS documents show Hillary took in $500 million tax-free, she only paid out $75 million in charity and $25 million was spent traveling chartered jets. As long as she claims she went somewhere to talk to someone, all of her expenses are tax-free. I travel the world and have not spent even a half-million on travel. Of course, I am not hiring private jets.

ARTICLE

John Oliver's Smear Tactics Exposed As Establishment Propaganda  

ARTICLE

Obama Lied -Wikileaks: Panic Over Clinton Emails To Pres Obama  

ARTICLE

Just In Case: Preparing for the Evening and Day After Election 2016   Tweet 
by James Wesley, Rawles | SurvivalBlog 
There is a substantial risk that Hillary 'Hitlery' Clinton will become our next President. She is notoriously anti-gun, and has made many promises to her gun-grabbing campaign donors to give 'gun control' (read: civilian disarmament) her top priority. 
Consider the guidance in this article just a contingency. You can simply ignore it, if Donald Trump is elected. (Since he is outspokenly pro-gun.) But if Clinton is indeed elected, then gun, ammunition, and magazine prices will surely start to rise immediately. And by the time she actually takes office, prices might well have already doubled or tripled, and shortages of some item–particularly standard military caliber ammunition and many 11+ round magazines–will be widespread. 
To be ready for the possible Hill-ection, I recommend that you take the following steps: 
Get Ready… Withdraw some substantial cash (but not more that $9,700 ), and keep it well-hidden, at home. Pay off your credit card balances, so that you will have your full purchase credit limit available. Consult gun show calendars , and make plans to attend local shows. Note that many gun shows are now run as three-day shows, open Friday through Sunday. Check the advertised hours closely, and call to confirm days and show hours with the gun show management, before traveling. You will want to be there on Friday , to avoid the Saturday mob scene. Expend a vacation day from your work, if need be. 
Get Set… Make prioritized shopping lists Set bookmarks in your browser for ordering the particular items that you have in mind to purchase. Make detailed comparison price lists (or an electronic spreadsheet, if you are so inclined),in descending order of prices so you that won't pay too much for what you buy. This research takes time , but that translates into saving money , so it is time well spent. 
…Go! On Election Night immediately after announcement that Hitlery is the projected winner in the Electoral College, go online and place orders with Internet sellers that take orders 24 hours per day , such as : CDNN Sports , GunMagWarehouse , Brownells , KeepShooting.com , CheaperThanDirt , Midway , Cabela's (now part of Bass Pro Shops), J&G Sales , Bud's Gun Shop , Dan's Ammo , Lucky Gunner , Able Ammo , Ammunition Store , Ammunition Depot , Cope's Distributing , Centerfire Systems , and GlockPro . Our Editor At Large Mike Williamson recently mentioned that SlickGuns.com is now selling Federal .22 Long Rifle ammo for as little as 6 cents per round . (I suspect that .22LR will again become scarce and jump back up over 15 cents per round, if Hitler In Heels is elected.) Keep in mind that many manufacturers such as SIGArms , Beretta USA , and The Beta Company also take direct Internet orders. Stay up and complete as many of your planned orders as you can afford, late into the night. It you tarry and say: 'I'll do it tomorrow', then you will probably be disappointed to to see 'Out Of Stock' showing at many vendor web sites. 
The Morning After Set your alarm clock, and start making calls to the mailorder vendors that don't take Internet orders, starting right at 8 AM, Eastern Time. Be outside the door of your local gun shop before it opens. Bring lots of cash. 
In The Weeks Following Attend guns shows in your state. If it is possible under your state and local laws, buy used private party guns , with no paper trail. If that is not an option in your state, then buy a pre-1899 antique cartridge rifle , such as a 7mm Model 1895 Chilean Mauser. These are exempt from paperwork, in most states.) Watch auction sites such as GunBroker.com and GunAuction.com closely, for guns that are on your purchase list. Concentrate on 'Buy It Now' items , since the multi-day auctions will probably be bid up to stratospheric heights, in the panic period following election day. 
What To Buy Start with your own needs, then with your children's needs, and then with barter in mind, as follows: First Priority: Magazines and ammunition for your primary battle rifles Second Priority: Magazines and ammunition for your primary carry pistols Third Priority: Stripped AR-15 and AR-10 receivers (for later assembly) 
saig Fourth Priority: Secondary firearms, plus magazines and ammunition, to match Fifth Priority: Magazines and ammunition for planned acquisitions that will expand your battery of guns–including guns for children and grandchildren Sixth Priority: Magazines and ammunition for barter or re-sale. 
Note: Be sure to buy only either original military contract or original factory-made full capacity magazines– don't buy aftermarket junk! 
Any extra magazines that are intended for barter should be of the types that will be in the highest demand. Examples include: AR-15/M16, M14, Mini-14, AR-10, FAL, Glock, S&W M&P, Beretta, and SIG. In particular, I predict that 33-round Glock magazines , 30-round Beretta Model 92 magazines , 100-round Beta C-MAGs , and 40-round Mag-Pul AR-15 PMAGs will all be in particularly high demand.) 
Potential Resistance In some families, a spouse might object to you making such purchases. Sit down and dispassionately show them the history of other 'scare' and 'ban'periods, and point out how much prices rose. (For example: stripped AR-15 lower receivers jumped from $60 each to $300 each, during the last big scare.) Tell them: 'This is the equivalent of having the foreknowledge of what Dow Jones stocks will double or triple in price. It is wise to buy low and sell high.' If need be, promise your spouse that you will sell off half of what you plan to buy, after prices have doubled. That will leave the purchase cost of what you then retain, effectively at zero . 
In Closing Don't panic, but recognize that Hitlery Clinton will probably act swiftly to restrict privately-owned firearms and accessories, using Executive Orders. Her transition team might even prepare them before she takes office. Most likely would be an import ban on magazines that can hold more than 10 cartridges, for civilians. Another likelihood is an import ban on military style firearms and/or parts sets. Another possibility is reclassifying 80% complete receivers. She might also direct the BATFE to expand the definition of 'Destructive Devices' to include semi-automatic shotguns with detachable magazines. (Such as the Saiga-12, which is already import banned.) Plan accordingly. 
And regardless of the outcome of the upcoming election, you should have already spread out your guns, ammo, optics, and field gear between hidden places in several houses owned by members of your family, and in underground caches. DO NOT keep all your eggs in one basket! – JWR

ARTICLE

WW3 – Britain sends hundreds of soldiers and tanks to Russian border in biggest military deployment since Cold War   Tweet 
A total of 800 troops, drones and tanks are moving to Estonia as part of the biggest military build up on Russia's borders since the Cold War 
'Although we are leaving the European Union, we will be doing more to help secure the eastern and southern flanks of NATO,' Mr Fallon said. 
London is also sending Typhoon fighter aircraft to Romania to patrol around the Black Sea, partly in support of Turkey.

ARTICLE

Political Coup Underway in Venezuela   Tweet 
Breaking news from Venezuela – the American puppet Henrique 'Capricious' Capriles along with his friends in the Venezuelan congress are attempting to engineer a political coup against President Nicolas Maduro. After years of attempting to oust the late Bolivarian President Hugo Chavez, the foreign owned opposition continue to harass his successor. The model which the Venezuelan insurgents seek to ape is that of Brazil which recently used congressional powers to remove the democratically elected President Dilma Rousseff. 
The move will likely fail, but it does demonstrate two important things. First of all, it shows how the right-wing forces in Latin America, so determined to push for US domination of their own countries, will stop at nothing to get their way, up to and including a total disregard for democracy. 
Secondly, it demonstrates that under Barack Obama's incompetent leadership, America can no longer control the destiny of the Latin American countries that Washington used to reign over like obedient right wing clients. Latin America is clearly going its own way from Ecuador to Venezuela to Uruguay. The way Latin America is choose is that of the left. 
Even Brazil's putative western puppet, the unelected Michel Temer hasn't broken off his relations with the BRICS to which Brazil gives its first letter, in spite of many hopes in the west that he would do. From Manilla to Caracas, America is losing her erstwhile colonial playground. What's more is that whilst the current Venezuelan congress has been publically accused of buying votes, the election of President Maduro has been approved as democratically fair by all but the most far-right, agenda observers. 
Venezuela has in many ways replaced Cuba as the perennial leftist thorn in America's near-abroad. There may well be: 
We will not allow a coup:Venezuela's Maduro 
Venezuela: Mass protest calls for Maduro's resignation 
Street challenges power in Venezuela crisis

ARTICLE

BORDER FLOOD BEFORE VOTE… 275,000 Born to Illegals — In One Year; 7% OF ALL USA BIRTHS… Agent: Admin Treats Crossings 'Like Traffic Ticket'   Tweet Spike In Immigrants Illegally Crossing Into US Ahead Of Election 
There has been a surge of immigrants illegally crossing into the United States leading up to next month's presidential election. 
CBS News reports dozens of immigrants have been streaming through the streets of McAllen, Texas, on a daily basis. They have been taken to a migrant center at Sacred Heart Catholic Church where they were released by Border Patrol, with ankle monitors, while they file for asylum. 


Moms in the United States illegally gave birth to 275,000 babies in 2014, enough birthright U.S. citizens to fill a city the size of Orlando, Florida, according to an analysis of data from the National Center for Health Statistics. 
The data showed that newborns to illegals accounted for 7 percent of all births in 2014, according to the analysis from the Pew Research Center. Feds: 275,000 born to illegals in one year, would fill city the size of Orlando 
'In 2014, about 275,000 babies were born to unauthorized-immigrant parents in the U.S., accounting for about 7 percent of all U.S. births, and 32 percent of all U.S. births to foreign-born mothers,' said Pew's newly released report. Border Patrol Agent: Admin Treats Illegal Crossings 'Like a Traffic Ticket' Chris Cabrera says the administration is actively trying to 'circumvent their own laws' 
U.S. Border Patrol Agent Chris Cabrera said that the federal government is 'trying to circumvent their own laws' by preventing the agents from securing the border and curbing illegal immigration during an interview Wednesday on 'The Laura Ingraham Show.' 
During an interview with CBS News Tuesday, Cabrera said the impending presidential election was one of the main causes of recent 'mass spikes' in illegal crossings. Saying that the immigrants have been told that if Hillary Clinton is elected there will be 'some sort of amnesty,' Cabrera added that they've been told if Donald Trump is elected, 'there's going to be some magical wall that pops up overnight and once that wall gets up, nobody will ever get in again.' 
Cabrera told Ingraham the federal government is impeding the agents' efforts to contain the rush on the border. 
'And you know, we're just doing what the law says and what our job is,' Cabrera told Ingraham. 'Apparently, they're trying to circumvent their own laws, and we just want to do our jobs the way we know how to do it and the way we were trained to do it.'

ARTICLE

Russia's super secret spy submarine returns to sea…. AFTER 16 YEARS.   Tweet 
Earlier this month, a Russian ballistic missile submarine (SSBN) called Podmoskovie slipped out of its pier at Severodvinsk for the first time in 16 years. 
But BS-64 Podmoskovie—which was commissioned in 1986 as a Project 667BDRM Delfin-class (NATO: Delta IV) SSBN designated K-64—is no ordinary boomer. Over the course of nearly two decades, the massive submarine was modified to conduct special missions. But exactly what those missions might be remains somewhat of a mystery. 
Podmoskovie was photographed leaving the shipyard for contractor sea trials on Oct. 22 by Oleg Kuleshov, who writes for the BMPD blog—a product of the Moscow-based Centre for the Analysis of Strategies and Technologies.

ARTICLE

Obamacare Architect Tell's CNN that Americans Should Receive Higher Penalty's in Order for Obamacare to Work   Tweet 
Obamacare architect Jonathan Gruber – the bureaucrat who once bragged that the 'stupidity' of the American people was crucial for passing the health care law in the first place – told CNN that the 'fix' for Obamacare was to impose a 'larger mandate penalty'. 
This piece of sh*t should be stripped of his citizenship and immediately deported! 
AC

ARTICLE

Inflation in 2017 Ticking Time Bomb! by IWB · October 27, 2016

ARTICLE

In light of this election….its worth watching by IWB · October 27, 2016 
I know we've all seen it before; probably more than once even. But in light of this election and all we have learned its worth watching again.

ARTICLE

Democrats Attack Poll Watchers, Grassroot Voter Fraud Investigation Hacked, Gerald Celente Goes Off On Hillary Voters by IWB · October 27, 2016 Tweet 
Roger Stone breaks down how the left have been attacking and subverting the efforts to keep a close on the election. 
Roger Stone talks about what's been happening with his attempts to monitor and keep the election honest. 
Gerald Celente talks with Alex Jones about just how evil Hillary Clinton is and what that means for the people that might vote for her. 
Hillary Zombies Attack Trump Supporter At Polling Station!

ARTICLE

Expert: Trump has Already Won Election, Democrats Stealing It by IWB · October 27, 2016 Tweet 
Alex Jones talks with Micheal Snyder about what it's looking like for Donald Trump and how he believes that Donald Trump has already won the 2016 presidential election. 
Alex Jones talks with Michael Snyder about the extreme corruption and ongoing election fraud perpetrated by the Hillary Clinton campaign. 
Trump Is Winning And That Is Why Obama Is Campaigning So Hard

ARTICLE

MONOPOLY: Banks, Then Media, Now Voting Machine Companies – With One Company Supplying Over 50% Of Us Voting Machines. by IWB · October 27, 2016 Tweet 
We've all seen what happened when the banks became too big to fail, too big to jail after Bill Clinton's administration began a wave of bank consolidations. Now internet providers and content providers are proposing to consolidate in a way that will result in even more information control & privacy concerns. And under the radar, the electronic voting machine companies are rapidly consolidating as well, with one company supplying over 50% of US voting machines. And all the players pay the Clintons to play. 
Alex Jones gives you the reasons why the global monopolies and mafias are pushing back against Donald Trump so hard.

ARTICLE

After Vets Fight War, Feds Demand Money Back… But Illegals And Refugees Can Keep Their Money by IWB · October 27, 2016 Tweet 
Thanks you for your service? No. After promising bonuses & education benefits to military in order to get them to re-enlist for the Afghanistan & Iraq Wars, the Pentagon is now demanding the money back from vets who can't afford to pay. This is how Obama treats veterans — just like Hillary treats those who protect her in the Secret Service. Can nayone trust their promises? 
Illegals And Refugees Can Keep Their Money 
Military Soldiers Made To Pay Bonuses Back But Illegals And Refugees Can Keep There Money

ARTICLE

Below is a short email that my friend Sam posted this morning to his Facebook page about his surprisingly positive experience with the US healthcare system. 
I thought it a fantastic read, and I wanted to pass it along to you: 
I had to run to the emergency room today for what may be a neurological issue. Dizziness, staggering, loss of balance, that kind of thing. 
I'm in San Diego, one of the most expensive cities in the world, and I have no insurance. I figured I was screwed. 
But instead, the experience was unreal. 
I got seen immediately. I didn't even have time to sit down, they just whisked me into an examination room. 
The doctor and nurse were ON IT, and they took their time with the exam and consultation. 
The visit ultimately involved staying the whole day for observation, all kinds of tests, sedation and reversal, blood pressure check, a full blood panel work up (results tomorrow, yes TOMORROW keep your fingers crossed) and having both ears cleaned and flushed. 
The bill was a mere $374.63. 
Do I have some insane insurance plan? Nope. 
Am I being super-subsidized by the rest of America? Nope. 
Am I a privileged politician with a special 'bosses only' healthcare plan? Don't make me laugh. 
It turns out that the care was for my dog, not for me. And we didn't go to a 'people' hospital– I obviously took my dog to an animal hospital. 
She and I are both biological machines, mammals made mostly of water (though she sheds more than I do). 
The only other real difference is that the government is regulating the hell out of healthcare for people, while (relatively speaking), leaving healthcare for animals alone. 
And that, my friends, is the reason Obamacare has flopped, and why your healthcare costs will keep going up. 
It's not greed. It's not the drug companies. It's not anything other than the application of government intervention in what should be a free market. 
Simon again. 
It's not exactly controversial these days to suggest that the US healthcare system is in bad shape. 
According to data collected by numerous independent agencies like the Institute of Medicine, Commonwealth Fund, and Kaiser Family Foundation, the US still ranks dead last among advanced economies in overall quality of its healthcare system. 
In fact, the US healthcare system has the worst record in the number of deaths caused by mistakes or inefficient care. 
And wait times in the US for urgent care and primary care visits rank lower than every other developed nation. 
Americans pay at least 50% more for healthcare in terms of annual spending than people in other advanced nations, yet they receive less care as measured by the number of doctor visits. 
Sure, it's great that there are fewer uninsured people than ever before in the US, but this is a measure of QUANTITY, not a measure of QUALITY. 
Undoubtedly the US is home to some of the finest medical professionals in the world. 
But they've been buried under an expensive, over-regulated bureaucracy that continues to erode overall quality in the system. 
A 2015 report from the National Academy of Sciences summed it up by stating, 'For Americans, health care costs and expenditures are the highest in the world, yet health outcomes and care quality are below average by many measures.' 
But instead of trying to understand WHY the system is so slow, bureaucratic, and expensive to begin with, politicians try to 'fix' it by creating more regulations. 
It's as if they believe they can legislate their way to a quality, efficient medical care system, just as they believe they can legislate their way to a better education system or economic prosperity. 
This almost never works. 
After all, the people who come up with these rules are notoriously unqualified and have rarely ever held a job outside of their giant government bureaucracy. 
So despite what may be some very good intentions to fix the system, they invariably make things worse. 
The end result is that your pet probably has access to more efficient healthcare than you do.

ARTICLE

MASSIVE CORRUPTION SCANDAL UNCOVERED IN FONTANA. SECRET SLUSH FUND. by IWB · October 27, 2016

ARTICLE

Scientists Redefine Hurricanes and Deny Mini Ice Age will Effect Earth by IWB · October 27, 2016 Tweet 
With no hurricanes making landfall in 11 years in the USA, that takes us back to a 1860 record of longest without a hurricane. Since the scary predictions of more and more powerful hurricanes didnt work out for the global warming crowd, now they want to re-define what hurricanes are to make it appear that they are more destructive to fit the narrative of CO2 causes more hurricanes. Also the same crew says that the new Mini Ice Age will have no effect on Earth. What if they are wrong?? 
Mini Ice Age wont stop global warming https://www.theweathernetwork.com/new… noaa global map warmest year ever 2016 Climate Alarmists Redefine 'Hurricane' So We'll Have More Of Them https://www.technocracy.news/index.ph… 11 years without a major hurricane striking the U.S. mainland https://www.sott.net/article/332026-N… List of Famines https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of…

ARTICLE

More Than 1/4 Trillion In New Debt In 30 Days   The Daily History of the Debt Results 
Historical returns from 09/25/2016 through 10/25/2016 
The data for the total public debt outstanding is published each business day. If there is no debt value for the date(s) you requested, the value for the preceding business day will be displayed.

ARTICLE

Obama's DOJ 'Transferring Money to Left-wing Groups' 'to Influence This Election' – Using fines to fund!   Tweet 
Government Accountability Institute (GAI) President Peter Schweizer discussed the latest GAI report about the Obama Justice Department's funneling of money to left-wing groups using fines levied against financial institutions. 
Breitbart Editor-in-Chief and SiriusXM host Alex Marlow described the report as exposing the Justice Department of 'quite literally extorting companies to fund left-wing activists.' 
… 
'The problem is the Obama Justice Department has been diverting literally more than $650 million to left-wing groups . They do it under the guise of, 'Well, you know, if this bank discriminated against lenders racially, we're going to give this money to these left-wing quote-unquote housing groups to help deal with the problem.' 
But that's not what's going on. These housing groups are advocacy groups. They're left-wing organizations. They are registering voters and getting voters out to the voting booth. And they specifically target what they call quote-unquote progressive voters. ' 
…

ARTICLE

Immigration laws are being ignored to an unprecedented extent… to RIG elections!   
Immigration laws are being ignored to an unprecedented extent. The Democrats are worried about Russia interfering with our elections but are ignoring the law being broken and domestic interference via illegal immigrants. 
Illegal Immigration Spiking Ahead Of US Election As Smugglers Promise 'Amnesty' From Hillary 
Agent Chris Cabrera told CBS News that they've been seeing a spike in immigrants crossing the U.S.-Mexico border illegally, thanks in part to the election. 
'The smugglers are telling them if Hillary [Clinton] gets elected, that there'll be some sort of amnesty, that they need to get here by a certain date,'

ARTICLE

— Dr.Darrell Scott (@PastorDScott) October 27, 2016 
.seriously? 
e: WTF IT'S TRUE Rapper Jay Z will headline a concert for Hillary Clinton in Cleveland before Election Day, according to a Clinton aide. The event — which aides expect will draw thousands — is part of an ongoing series of concerts that aim to motivate young people to turn out for Clinton the way they turned out for Barack Obama in 2008 and 2012.

ARTICLE

LIKE FROM A MOVIE, MIKE PENCE DID SOMETHING AMAZING AT A TRUMP RALLY TODAY! by IWB · October 27, 2016 
Danny Gold for Liberty Writers reports, Mike Pence is honest, patriotic, and faithful. But he just took his love for the people to a whole new level. I don't recall ever seeing a politician do this. Read more:

ARTICLE

Central Bankers Are Out Of Monetary Ammunition And Weapons by IWB · October 27, 2016 
by GoldCore 
Satyajit Das has written an excellent article in Bloomberg which clearly details the risks facing the global financial and monetary system and how central bankers are out of monetary ammunition and weapons. 

Excerpt: 
'No one likes to admit defeat. But global policymakers, who continue to insist that there's more they can do to revive growth and inflation, are starting to sound like Monty Python's Black Knight (click link to see video), the limbless and mortally wounded warrior who threatens to bleed on his victorious opponent. The truth is that governments and central banks have very few weapons left — and have probably lost any chance they once had of averting a prolonged stagnation. 
Secular Stagnation 
Clearly, the real economy hasn't responded as hoped to zero and now negative interest rates. A whole host of factors continue to depress personal spending — high debt, stagnant incomes, unemployment and under-employment, and economic uncertainty. Even the rich, who have benefited immensely from the runup in asset prices, can't really spend much more than they already are.' 
Satyajit Das is an Australian former banker and corporate treasurer, turned consultant, author and academic. His latest book is 'A Banquet of Consequences' and he is also the author of 'Extreme Money' and 'Traders, Guns & Money.' 
Important article can be read on Bloomberg here 
Gold and Silver Bullion – News and Commentary

ARTICLE

BRACE Yourself! What Happens In Under 2 Weeks Will Be BAD & Elite Drops Paramount Election Secret by IWB · October 27, 2016

ARTICLE

What Happens If Trump LOSES The Election? What This Means For America! by IWB · October 27, 2016 
Are the elite foreshadowing the future of America?! 
It seems so. 
All throughout the month of October, mainstream media has made cryptic statements, scenarios, and outcomes regarding what America could look like if Donald Trump loses the presidential race. 
In an article from The Boston Globe, one scenario includes a potential American uprising. During the presidential debates and campaigns, Mr. Trump has alleged the election as being 'rigged,' in favor of Hillary Clinton. According to a Bloomberg News poll, 56% of Trump backers believe the election will be ''rigged'… even though the 'election' is really a SELECTION. 
However, The Washington Times has also questioned the same thing: Will there be some type of uprising, civil unrest, or some other triggered outcome if Donald Trump were to 'lose' the elections? 
It's also very cryptic to note how former Republican Joe Walsh made this interesting Twitter statement as of October 26th, 2016: 'If Trump loses, I'm grabbing my musket.' 
Then there's the 'Russian threat,' which is constantly making its way into mainstream news. According to Western sources, Vladimir Zhirinovsky, who is an ally of Vladimir Putin, has warned Americans to 'vote trump or face nuclear war' — claiming that the Republican candidate is the only person who can prevent an escalation in tensions between Moscow and Washington. He has also said that: 'The only way they can get worse is if a war starts.' 
And while the American government continues to constantly blame Russia for alleged cyberthreats, cyberattacks, and election hacks — we know this is all propaganda in preparation for world war. 
Do The Elite Know Something We DON'T?!?! 
LEARN MORE!

ARTICLE

ATTENTION: IF YOU LIVE IN THESE STATES, DEMAND A PAPER BALLOT! YOUR VOTING MACHINE IS RIGGED! by IWB · October 27, 2016 Tweet 
Lindsey Bruce for Liberty Writers reports, This is NOT a hoax! Early voting is in full effect and reports of voting machine 'malfunctions' are rampant. Texas, North Carolina and Maryland have all had complaints of voting machines switching votes from Trump to Clinton. Read more:

ARTICLE

HILLARY CAMPAIGN WORKER BUSTED DEFACING TRUMP SIGNS by IWB · October 27, 2016 
The Conservative Tribune reports, We are constantly told by the mainstream media that Election Day is really just a mere formality by now as the race has pretty much already been decided in favor of Democrat presidential nominee Hillary Clinton. 
Read more:

ARTICLE

The Dollar Is On Its Way Out – Gold Backed Currency Next? | Rory Hall by IWB · October 27, 2016 Tweet 
Rory Hall from The Daily Coin joined Silver Doctors. Hall believes price manipulators are losing control of the gold and silver markets. 
When it comes to investing in precious metals, Hall says 'stay away from paper…If you don't hold it you don't own it.' 
Hall also discusses how China accumulating massive amounts of gold. What do they plan to do with the shiny metal? Hall predicts China will issue some sort of goldbacked currency or bond. How will a competing gold backed currency impact the value of the dollar? 'It's no secret the dollar is on its way out,' he says. 
The economy is not on the road to recovery, Hall says. The Fed, European Central Bank, and Bank of Japan are holding together a failed system by papering over the cracks in the system, while not fixing the fundamental problems. Hall believes the Powers that Be cannot hold the system together much longer. 
Stay tuned to hear Hall's opinion on how to prepare for the coming collapse!

ARTICLE

Google Party Over? Alphabet Cracks Down on Costs, Layoffs Ensue, Division CEOs Quit by IWB · October 27, 2016 
Wolf Richter wolfstreet.com , www.amazon.com/author/wolfrichter 
Third CEO of an Alphabet division to leave since June. 
Five years ago, when Google announced that it would build a super-high-speed fiber-optic network in Kansas City, and then roll it out in other cities, it started an effort to own and control the data pipelines going into homes and businesses. 
Given how frustrated consumers are with their ISPs, it seems people couldn't wait for Google Fiber, now operated by Alphabet's Access. Google then spent a fortune building out the network in select cities around the country. This could have been huge . At a huge cost. 
'Amazing bet,' is what Craig Barratt, senior VP at Alphabet and CEO of Access, called Google Fiber in a blogpost yesterday. In the same breath, he also announced that they would 'pause' the build-out of Google Fiber in cities where it had been planned, that there would be layoffs and reassignments, though he didn't say how many, and that he'd 'step aside' as CEO of Access. 
His replacement has not been announced. 
He's the third CEO of an Alphabet division to part ways since June. He prefaced this whole debacle this way: 
And thanks to the hard work of everyone on the Access team, our business is solid: our subscriber base and revenue are growing quickly, and we expect that growth to continue. I am extremely proud of what we've built together in five short years. 
Google Fiber is one of two big entities in 'Other Bets' of the Alphabet empire, whose CEO Larry Page and new-ish CFO Ruth Porat are trying to crack down on ballooning costs. 
The other big entity in 'Other Bets' is Nest Labs, which makes internet-connected thermostats and the like. In a brilliant move, Google had acquired it in 2014 for a breath-taking $3.2 billion. But by now, this move has become very unbrilliant. 
In June, Tony Fadell, Nest co-founder and CEO, quit after internal disputes over this focus on spending. Some key Nest employees moved to Google's new hardware division. And the entity is in turmoil. 
In August, Bill Maris, CEO of Google's venture capital arm, GV, also left. 
Earlier this year, Alphabet got second thoughts about its ambitious robotics efforts and put Boston Dynamics up for sale. It had acquired the experimental robot maker in 2013 for $500 million. But tensions soon arose, and co-founder Andy Rubin bailed out in 2014. No deal yet. 
Then there was, infamously, Google Glass…. 
So Google Fiber is in good company. It will cease efforts to install a fiber network in 10 cities where it had been planned but not fully committed, according to Ars Technica . In addition, San Francisco was supposed to get Google fiber for sure, but that has now been cancelled too. 
The 11 cities where Google Fiber has been nixed: Chicago, Dallas, Jacksonville, Los Angeles, Oklahoma City, Phoenix, Portland, San Diego, San Francisco, San Jose, and Tampa. 
In 'this handful of cities' and also 'in certain related areas of our supporting operations, we'll be reducing our employee base,' Barratt wrote. Hence the layoffs. 
Google Fiber has already been rolled out in Atlanta, Austin, Charlotte, Kansas City (Missouri and Kansas), Nashville, Provo (Utah), Salt Lake City, and The Triangle (North Carolina). And it's still publicly committed to building the network – subject to change, I suppose – in Huntsville (Alabama), Irvine (California), San Antonio, and Louisville. 
In June, Google Fiber announced that it would acquire Webpass, a 13-year-old company that provides high-speed wireless internet in Boston, Chicago, Miami, San Diego, Oakland, and San Francisco. A wireless network is a lot cheaper to install in urban areas with multi-family housing than fiber-to-the-home. 
About 9% of the employees at Access will lose their jobs, though some people could be reassigned to entities of Alphabet, according to Ars Technica: 
The source did not say exactly how many employees that percentage represents. Access includes more than just Google Fiber, so the percentage of Google Fiber employees being laid off or reassigned is probably a little higher. 
Alphabet headcounts are hard to come by, but this Bloomberg report says Access has about 1,500 employees. The Information report indicates that Google Fiber had about 1,000 employees before the layoffs. If both of those numbers are accurate, then the percentage of Google Fiber employees being laid off or reassigned to other parts of Alphabet might be around 13.5 percent. 
Google Fiber apparently has not hit its subscriber goals, and fiber construction is a costly endeavor. While the company isn't giving up on fiber entirely, it may be able to deploy Internet service at a lower cost using wireless technology. 
'It's billions of dollars a year just to maintain this stuff, and Google doesn't want to spend that kind of money on just being another player in that market,' Jan Dawson, an analyst with Jackdaw Research, told Bloomberg . 
'I think the new CFO put an end to the experiment that wasn't really going anywhere,' Chetan Sharma, an independent wireless industry analyst, told Bloomberg . 
So serving up digital ads is still Alphabet's main business, and flourishing. Controlling the high-speed pipeline to get these ads into homes and businesses, and grabbing whatever data can be grabbed by ISPs via deep-packet inspection and other methods still seems to be part of the plan, but now through cheaper and less glamorous wireless services and no longer through the holy grail of data pipelines, optical fiber. And so goes another huge dream to diversity away from advertising.

ARTICLE

Experts Speechless! Countless People Miraculously Relieved of Serious Illness & Diseases-Must See! by IWB · October 27, 2016 Tweet 
An absolutely must-see! This new scientific breakthrough has been proven to cure cancer and all sorts of diseases and ailments! The results and success stories are out of this world! The FDA and government organizations do not want you to know about this!

ARTICLE

Texas Official: We Are Seeing RECORD BREAKING Voter Turnout in Texas… And It's ALL For TRUMP (VIDEO) by IWB · October 27, 2016 Tweet 
Sid Miller , Texas Agriculture Commissioner, went on FOX News on Wednesday to discuss the record breaking voter turnout for Donald Trump in the Lone Star State. YUGE RECORD BREAKING VOTES in TEXAS!!! & Its Not Bernie Fans or Obama Voters for Hillary Clinton!! ALLL Donald Trump Folks???? #wednesdaywisdom pic.twitter.com/Sn79fMhwXG 
— DEPLORABLE TRUMPCAT (@Darren32895836) October 26, 2016 

Sid Miller: We have a record number of people registered to vote in Texas. We're having record turnouts, the first day, the second day of voting. And it's not Bernie Sanders supporters coming out to support Hillary. It's not Barack Obama supporters coming out to support Hillary. It's a new surge of Trump voters, many who have never registered to vote. Many who have not voted in eight or ten elections so they're not reported in the polls… 
…I know for a fact that the polls are off because they oversample Democrats by eight sometimes up to sixteen percent oversampling Democrats. They're oversampling women by five to eight percent. So the Republican vote is underreported. Plus there is no way to sample this extra twenty to twenty-five percent of new voters that are Trump voters. They're not Republican, they're not Democrats, they're pragmatists. They're tired of the status quo and they want change.

ARTICLE

Dr. Jim Willie: 'The Western central bank franchise system is totally broken, totally insolvent, and totally corrupt'… Bloomberg: 'If debt continues to increase at twice the rate of GDP, financial engineering can only smooth things over for so long.' by IWB · October 27, 2016 Tweet Schaeuble says monetary policy has reached its limits There is a growing international consensus that monetary policy has reached the limits of its possibilities, German Finance Wolfgang Schaeuble told a group of government officials in Berlin on Tuesday. 
http://www.reuters.com/article/us-germany-schaeuble-liquidity-idUSKCN12P2EN China Gets Desperate About Debt 
With its debts surging and growth sluggish, China has hit on a new strategy to revitalize its ailing economy. It's the same as the old strategy. Only this time, it won't work. 
Earlier this month, China's State Council released guidelines for a new swap program, in which companies can exchange troubled debt with banks in return for equity. The government hopes this will give the firms a chance to restructure on favorable terms, and avoid the prospect of 'zombie companies' propped up indefinitely by state-owned lenders. 
Optimists point to a similar program that China executed, with some success, a little more than a decade ago. But they're overlooking the primary reason that the previous swap seemed to work — which doesn't portend success this time around. 
In the late 1990s, responding to a similar bout of excessive borrowing, China's government created state-owned asset-management companies to help banks clean up their balance sheets. Firms such as China Cinda Asset Management Co. and China Huarong Asset Management Co. grew out of this program. These 'bad banks' purchased a wide variety of assets and held them for extended periods with minimal return, thus helping the banks to continue lending. 
The extent to which this solved any problems, as opposed to papering them over, is debatable. But even the limited success of that program won't be repeated this time around. 
… 
In this light, China doesn't need a new debt-for-equity swap program. It needs to cut credit growth. If debt continues to increase at twice the rate of GDP, financial engineering can only smooth things over for so long. The government also needs to recapitalize the banking system. That will be expensive: By most estimates, it will cost upward of $500 billion . But if banks simply shuffle bad debt between themselves, as is happening so far, there will be no net change to the health of the system. 
Unfortunately for China, there's no cheap or easy way out of this problem. Someday, the debt always comes due. 
https://www.bloomberg.com/view/articles/2016-10-26/china-gets-desperate-about-debt 
Europe could be on eve of banking Armageddon which will dwarf Credit Crunch, says expert 
GERMANY, Italy, Switzerland, Britain and France are facing the catastrophic consequences of 'over leveraging' as Europe's biggest banks prepare to release their latest results over the next two days. 
And analysts say the potential for a cataclysmic failure could spread like a wild-fire hitting the continent and beyond as the true extent of deep troubles in the international banking sector are revealed. 
The IMF and German governments have refused to step in to prop-up struggling banks but risk analysts are warning Deutsche Bank, RBS, Lloyds, Unicredit, Intesa SanPaolo, and BMPS could all need a state bail out. 
And it's going to be a wake up call for the whole of Europe say experts who fear the reports are not going to be good for anyone. 
With alarming simliarities to the 2008 global financial crash, the latest results could spell disaster not only for the wealthy bankers paid to operate the system but for ordinary savers. 
New York based David Hendler of Viola Risk Advisors says the next two days could have serious ramifications for the entire globe. 
He said: 'Like autumn leaves falling from the mighty oaks, the incredible yellows, oranges, and reds, will turn and rot into the ugly browns and black detritus, leading to smelly and then crumbled leaves. 
Dr. Jim Willie Writes: 
The Western central bank franchise system is totally broken, totally insolvent, and totally corrupt. It invites the Gold Standard return. The entire financial system is built upon a debt-based monetary system. The debt saturation process has run its full course. The central bank heads have been covering the sovereign debt for the last five years, having rendered their balance sheets as ruined. Debt is at obscene levels, like $19.7 trillion for the USGovt. No debt limits are in place anymore, a signal that most likely it has already defaulted. A hidden game is underway, with control lost to the creditors, even as they attempt to salvage their debt holdings. The major central banks continue to manage badly the great game, where money is fake phony and a farce. A titanic battle is underway, where the Eastern nations are discarding their USTreasury Bonds, and doing so in tremendous volume while they set up the many platforms and pieces to the Gold Standard.

ARTICLE

CHROME IS RECOMMENDED BROWSER FOR IWB TODAY'S HOT POSTS

ARTICLE

BREAKING – Wikileaks Batch 19 Email Reveals Clinton Campaign Very Concerned About 'The Black' Vote by IWB · October 27, 2016

ARTICLE

— Political Polls (@PpollingNumbers) October 26, 2016 Clinton up by just 3pts., Trump helped by increased support amng indies — new @FoxNews #Poll More: https://t.co/zUfPgBLZfQ pic.twitter.com/lMsIDo9naJ 
— Fox News Poll (@foxnewspoll) October 26, 2016 
At 41-28 Trump should be leading the over all poll. Over sampling is happening somewhere. 

Here's the thing: Bernie voters and black Americans were already Democrats. (Even if she gets 100% of them (which she won't) she's not broadening her numbers beyond her own party . . . which is a mere 29% of the electorate.) 
Let's recap: 29% of the country are Democrats, 29% are Republicans and 42% are Independents. See here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cAopWX9Mzgs 
Whoever wins Independents wins the election. 
Trump is more than doubling Hillary's position with Independents. He's leading in the single largest voting bloc in the country . . . yet all the mainstream media propaganda polls are pretending like Hillary's ahead. 
(Of course she isn't. She's been losing this entire cycle–with the media grossly oversampling Democrats and undersampling Independents to create a synthetic paper advantage for her.) 
But things get worse for Hillary than the ass-kicking she's getting [as a Status Quo candidate] in a Change election, vis-a-vis Independents: For a Democrat to win a national election, they have to carry 92% of the black vote. Trump is now polling between 25-30% of the black vote. (Meaning that Hillary isn't even coming remotely close to the benchmark she'd need to win.) 
So you have Hillary hemorrhaging African-Americans, Independents and blue collar workers. 
Yet every mainstream media poll is lying to you and telling you she's winning. 
The math doesn't work. 
(Turn off the TV. They're lying to you.)

ARTICLE

Chelsea Clinton: With Scalia's Death We Can Now Enact Gun Control  

ARTICLE

MSNBC screws up Interviews TWO African-American Donald Trump Supporters that Destroy MSNBC's Negative Stereotyped Narrative!  

ARTICLE

EUROPEAN: 'America – the whole world is counting on you.' His Pro-Trump video is getting brigaded   Tweet 
Its true, in Europe you need to hide in the woods to speak good about trump. 
Do your news even report a fraction of the things I see in this sub? In Germany not a single bad thing about Hillary gets reported.

ARTICLE

People just blatantly ignore all of Hilary's corruption because Donald 'made me feel bad   
Morning Joe on Twitter: New Wikileaks release – Inside 'Bill Clinton Inc.' New Wikileaks release: Inside 'Bill Clinton Inc.' https://t.co/lbR21GVtoP 
— Morning Joe (@Morning_Joe) October 27, 2016 
WND : 26 WIKILEAKS BOMBSHELLS ON HILLARY YOU NEED TO KNOW…'Most explosive revelations that could keep Clinton out of White House' 
Preference for Muslim Americans In 2008, when Podesta served as co-chair of President-elect Barack Obama's transition team, Michael Froman, a former Citibank executive, sent Podesta a 'list of African American, Latino and Asian American candidates, broken down by Cabinet/Deputy and Under/Assistant/Deputy Assistant level, plus a list of Native American, Arab/Muslim American and Disabled American candidates.' The Arab American list came with a special note to exclude Arab Christians – they had to be both Arab and Muslim.As New Republic reports, Obama's eventual cabinet appointments ended up almost entirely as Froman recommended.Froman ultimately became the recipient of the largest bailout from the federal government during the financial crisis. 
Shielding Obama In a March 4, 2015, email to Hillary Clinton's lawyer Cheryl Mills, Clinton's eventual campaign chairman Podesta asks if they should withhold email exchanges between Clinton and President Obama that were sent over Clinton's private server.The day before Podesta sent his email to Mills, the House Benghazi Committee privately told Clinton to preserve and hand over all her emails.The email from Podesta to Mills says: 'Think we should hold emails to and from potus? That's the heart of his exec privilege. We could get them to ask for that. They may not care, but I(t) seems like they will.' An email exchange between Podesta, Paul Begala, and Clinton pollster GQRR shows the Clinton campaign was pushing the Muslim Obama narrative back in January 2008. Included was a survey of Obama 'negative facts' such as this one: 'Obama (owe-BAHM-uh)'s father was a Muslim and Obama grew up among Muslims in the world's most populous Islamic country.' The pollster writes 'we have reworked the Obama message into the survey, as requested.' 
Secret speeches to Wall Street Hillary Clinton was so enraged that Bill Clinton was forced to cancel a paid speech at Wall Street bank Morgan Stanley in 2015 that she 'needed a cool down period.' The email chain, on March 11, 2015, before she formally launched her campaign, includes top aides to both Hillary Clinton and former President Clinton, and reveals that Hillary's future campaign aides were concerned about the political impact of Bill giving a speech to a Wall Street bank. 'Morgan Stanley is coming down,' wrote Robby Mook in an email to top Clinton aides.Top aide Huma Abedin explained that Hillary would not be happy about it, writing: 'HRC very strongly did not want him to cancel that particular speech. I will have to tell her that [Bill] chose to cancel it, not that we asked.' Hillary Clinton's paid speeches to Goldman Sachs and other financial firms, a point of contention during this year's primary, were the subject of an email to Podesta. Excerpts from some of the speeches had been flagged by Clinton's research team, including the necessity of having 'both a public and a private position' on issues. It was just part of 'making sausage' in the political arena, she said, that certain positions on issues needed to be kept hidden from the public. Some 'flags' in Hillary Clinton's paid speeches were noted in a Jan. 25 email from campaign research director Tony Carrk to top Clinton advisers, including Clinton's declaration that 'My dream is a hemispheric common market, with open trade and open borders, some time in the future with energy that is as green and sustainable as we can get it, powering growth and opportunity for every person in the hemisphere.' Countless establishment media outlets parlaying themselves as 'fact checkers' tried to downplay this email by saying it was 'mostly about trade,' not immigration, as if the words 'open borders' were never mentioned. But the email exchange also shows how Hillary's about-face on the TPP trade deal was mere pandering to Bernie Sanders' voters and had no basis in reality in terms of how she really feels about trade deals. In a speech at Goldman-Black Rock on Feb. 4, 2014, Carrk pointed out, Clinton admitted she's 'Kind Of Far Removed' from middle-class struggles due to 'The Economic, You Know, Fortunes That My Husband And I Now Enjoy.' Clinton, in other speeches, boasted of her ties to Wall Street, an issue primary opponent Bernie Sanders continually raised. Clinton still has refused to release transcripts of her paid speeches while blasting Donald Trump for not releasing his tax returns. Clinton also told Goldman Sachs bankers that Americans who want to limit immigration are ' fundamentally un-American .' 
Working in tandem with 'friendly' media WND reported Tuesday emails showing reporters, editors and contributors not just advocating for Hillary Clinton but apparently colluding with the campaign. Univision Chairman Haim Saban urged the Clinton campaign to hit Donald Trump harder over immigration. The Boston Globe tried to time a Clinton opinion piece to do the most good in New Hampshire. CNBC's John Harwood urged Clinton campaign chairman Podesta to watch out for then-GOP candidate Dr. Ben Carson. Democratic National Committee official and CNN contributor Donna Brazile apparently tipped off the Clinton campaign to a potentially difficult CNN town-hall question on capital punishment during the Democratic Party primary season. Brazile adamantly denies it . In a July 2015 email, New York Times reporter Mark Leibovich appeared to ask permission from Hillary Clinton's communications director, Jennifer Palmieri, to use certain quotes of the presidential candidate in an article. Palmieri replied, suggesting he remove a reference Clinton made to Sarah Palin and delete Clinton's statement, 'And gay rights has moved much faster than women's rights or civil rights, which is an interesting phenomenon.' CNBC correspondent John Harwood, who was widely criticized for posing biased questions to Donald Trump as a primary debate moderator, effectively served as an adviser to the Clinton campaign, emailing Podesta with the subject line 'Watch out.' The warning was regarding GOP presidential candidate Ben Carson, who 'could give you real trouble in a general (election).' Maggie Haberman, a former Politico reporter who now works for the New York Times, was described in a January 2015 memo as having 'a very good relationship' with the Clinton campaign. 'We have had her tee up stories for us before and have never been disappointed,' the memo said. 
Demeaning Catholics Podesta discussed fomenting 'revolution' in the Catholic Church with a progressive activist while Hillary's now-communications director Jennifer Palmieri mocked Catholics who speak out against the liberal social causes of the Democratic Party. 'There needs to be a Catholic Spring, in which Catholics themselves demand the end of a middle ages dictatorship and the beginning of a little democracy and respect for gender equality in the Catholic Church,' Sandy Newman, president and founder of the nonprofit Voices for Progress, wrote Podesta in February 2012 . The email, among the third batch released by WikiLeaks, was titled 'opening for a Catholic Spring? just musing.' Podesta tells Newman of progressive organizations he and his colleagues created to recruit members of the church who can lead a revolution when the time is right.'We created Catholics in Alliance for the Common Good to organize for a moment like this,' the Clinton campaign chairman writes. 'But I think it lacks the leadership to do so now. Likewise Catholics United. Like most Spring movements, I think this one will have to be bottom up.' Clinton, who has accused Trump of praising Putin, called the Russian leader in a 2014 speech 'engaging' and 'a very interesting conversationalist.' Excerpts from Clinton's speeches were contained in a document emailed to Podesta to point out quotes that could harm the campaign. 
Collusion with DOJ Clinton spokesman Brian Fallon alerted staffers that the Justice Department was proposing to publish Clinton's work-related emails, contending it showed collusion between the Obama administration and Clinton's campaign. Fallon wrote that 'DOJ folks' told him a court hearing in the case had been planned. The day after Hillary Clinton testified in front of the House Select Committee on Benghazi last October, Podesta met for dinner with a small group of well-connected friends, including Peter Kadzik, a top official at the Justice Department. Lawyers also told the Clinton campaign in emails that Hillary's private email scandal ' smacks of acting above the law and it smacks of the type of thing I've either gotten discovery sanctions for, fired people for, etc .' 
Entanglements with foreign governments King Muhammad IV of Morocco made a $12 million pledge to fund the Clinton Global Initiative conference, but only if the likely presidential candidate attended the event as a speaker. Hillary's top aide, Huma Abedin, wrote in a January 2015 email that 'if HRC was not part of it, meeting was a non-starter.' Then she warned: 'She created this mess and she knows it.' Hillary ended up not attending but her husband Bill did. An email from Hillary Clinton's account to Podesta on Aug. 17, 2014, said Saudi Arabia and Qatar were 'providing clandestine financial and logistic support to [ISIS] and other radical Sunni groups in the region.' Critics have pointed out that the Clinton Foundation has received considerable funding from the two Middle East nations. In a leaked 2013 paid speech to the Jewish United Fund of Metropolitan Chicago, Hillary said Jordan and Turkey 'can't possibly vet all those refugees so they don't know if, you know, jihadists are coming in along with legitimate refugees.' Two years later she called for a 550 percent increase in the number of Syrian refugees coming to the U.S. largely from United Nations refugee camps in Jordan. 
Insider's insider had sway over DNC 
A WikiLeaks email dump on July 22 revealed that Debbie Wasserman Schultz used her position as head of the DNC to work in concert with the Clinton campaign to undermine the candidacy of Sen. Bernie Sanders, D-Vt. Schultz was forced to resign over the emails. Issues used to undermine Sanders' campaign included his faith, or lack thereof. 
The Clinton campaign tried to reschedule the Illinois presidential primary to lower the chances a moderate Republican would get a boost following the Super Tuesday primaries. 'The Clintons won't forget what their friends have done for them,' wrote Robby Mook, who later became Clinton's campaign manager, in the November 2014 email to Podesta.

ARTICLE

https://twitter.com/eric_braverman 7. On Doug Band of the Foundation: He was the CEO of Teneo, a global advisory firm which allowed him to mix Clinton donors, foreign companies with Clinton's work as Secretary of State. Huma Abedin was a paid advisor to the company. The Senate Judiciary Committee is investigating the alliance between Abedin, Teneo, and the Clinton Foundation aides. There are many articles online saying Braverman had fled to the Russian Embassy in New York asking for asylum, but I do not feel comfortable with stating that as a FACT now. 
Now, new WikiLeaks emails reveal additional details behind the the man, Eric Braverman, who was brought in as CEO by Chelsea to change the controversial practices of the Foundation but abruptly resigned a short time later after being pushed out by long-time Clinton loyalists who had apparently grown very comfortable with the status quo. Below is the new email exchange which begins when Neera Tanden warns John Podesta to 'keep tabs on Doug Band' who she assumed was the insider who told NBC to 'follow the money and find the real HRC scandal.' Interestingly, John Podesta writes back quickly to identify the real source as former Clinton Foundation CEO Eric Braverman which seems to be shocking to Tanden who replies simply, 'Holy Moses.' 
Posted October 25th, 2016 by Iron Mike CAUTION: Since we can't trust the media, we report this story from non-mainstream sources …. Eric Braverman – a Yale lawyer – was brought into the Clinton Foundation 'to clean it up' . His salary in 2015 was $395K plus bonuses. Of course the Clintons didn't really want it cleaned up, – just to LOOK cleaned up …. Braverman was dumped after 2 years. 
http://rabidrepublicanblog.com/is-eric-braverman-terrified-for-his-life/ 
Eric Braverman was chief executive officer of the Clinton Foundation from 2013 to 2015. At the Foundation, Braverman led an effort to help ensure long-term sustainability – securing an endowment, transforming the organization's use of data, establishing governance practices to reflect changing laws and public expectations, consolidating entities, and creating professional development for staff. Previously, Braverman served as a partner at McKinsey & Company, where he advised leaders in the public, private, and non-profit sectors on strategy, organization, and operations. Named by Fortune magazine in 2010 as one of the '40 Most Influential Leaders in Business' worldwide under 40 years old, Braverman co-founded McKinsey's public sector practice and directed its work on government innovation globally. He also served as an advisor on performance management and technology for President Obama's transition team in 2008.

ARTICLE

MSM Polls Gaslighting US Voters with Manipulated Poll results Trump is Winning in Adjusted Average   Tweet 
Recalculated Poll results adjusted for ACTUAL US party demographics. MSM (ABC, IBD, CNN) are weighting their polls against Trump by over-sampling democrats, and under-sampling Independents, who are leaning Trump by 6 pts. At the same time, they are slightly oversampling republicans for plausible deniability. However, republican over-sampling is MUCH lower than dem over-sampling, and adding the under-representation of Independent voters results in skewed polls that do not reflect the reality of Trump winning the election. 
It's called gaslighting. A form of election fraud. The media is organized, evidenced by the similar weightings of the variousmsm polls, and fixing the

ARTICLE

Leaked Email: 'If She Wins, Hillary Will Own The Supreme Court for the Next 30 to 40 Years'   Tweet 
This. Is. Horrifying. 
In another Wikileaks email , this time from Chairman of the National Jewish Democratic Council Marc Stanley to Hillary campaign chairman John Podesta dated February 11, 2016, Stanley lays out his best argument for why voters should choose Hillary over Bernie… 
(click to enlarge) 
He writes: 
I tell the voter that I like Bernie and I like Hillary, but that's not what matters. What matters to me is that there are 4 justices on the Supreme Court who will be in their 80's and be replaced by the next president – and that President will appoint 40 year old Justices and they will serve for 30 or 40 years.

ARTICLE

Homeless Trump Supporter guards Trump's star on Hollywood Blvd…'20 million illegals and Americans sleep on streets'  

