ARTICLE

An Islamic jihadi decided to use his vehicle to attack a US veteran on the streets of California earlier this month. After slamming into the veteran's car, the men told an off-duty police officer, "I did it on purpose. It was in the name of Allah." 
Scott Alcala was going to play a round of golf with his father when the attack occurred. 
Alcala had to act quickly and swerve into oncoming traffic in an attempt to avoid a Chevy Suburban that was headed straight for him. 
"I saw the suburban coming right at me about to T-bone right into the driver door and I thought that was it," he said. "A second later I turned my head and just smashed into the barrier." 
Both men survived and no one else was involved. However, Acala says an off-duty police officer went to check on the other man. 
"The off-duty police officer went to talk to the other driver in his vehicle and he said, 'Are you alright? That was way too fast,' and (the driver) said 'I did it on purpose," Acala recalled. "It was in the name of Allah.'" 
Fox 26 reports : 
The police report says driver Ameer Abbaf Fakhraldin told police the collision was caused by Donald Trump's improper treatment of minorities, and by Allah and other people's lack of faith in him. Fakhraldin estimated his speed was 100 miles per hour. He also told police he caused the crash by using psychic / telekinetic powers to control the steering. The officer at the scene said the driver showed apathy and neglected interest. 
Police haven't specified if this was an act of terrorism but Alcala thinks it was. 
"There was no remorse," Acala said. "He just went back to his car nonchalant, pulled out a water bottle and just posted up." 
"He was just trying to target as many people as he could," he added. "He was just trying to cause a pile up. It wasn't me personally. It was as if someone were to throw a bomb in the middle of downtown, it's no different, it's the same thinking." 
Mr. Acala then added that as a veteran, having fought over seas, this makes him feel like he is encountering a war zone in his homeland. 
"Coming back from Afghanistan, thinking I'm on home soil I'm safe now'¦ just shouldn't have to worry about something like that you know," he said. 
Did you hear this in the mainstream media? I'm guessing you didn't. After all, they are too busy cover for Islamic jihadists , right? shares

ARTICLE

Print 
According to Democrats, the only thing in life which isn't rigged is this election. 
As long as Hillary Clinton is said by the pollsters to be in the lead and likely to win, the 'system' is just fine '“ but only the election system. 
It can't be rigged if the democrats win. A democrat being in power is the natural order of things. I think it may actually be a part of Darwin's evolutionary theory. First the protozoa, then the fish, then the ape, then the Neanderthal Republican, and finally, the enlightened progressive Democrat. That's how it goes '“ right? 
It is amusing that the same people and party, who claim that everything in America is somehow rigged, think it ridiculous when the Republican nominee claims that of this election '“ and that Republican voters are the ones this time being 'disenfranchised.' 
In August of this year, the Washington Post claimed that Exxon Mobil is 'rigging the system' against green energy. Of course they are. After all, they are the poster-corporation of evil 'big oil.' 'As recently as last year, it continued to fund organizations that play down the risks of carbon pollution,' writes the Post. 
So 'rigged' is the system that the AGs of the communist states of New York and Massachusetts, 'are investigating whether ExxonMobil violated state laws by knowingly misleading their residents and shareholders about climate change.' 
Big Oil '“ Climate Change '“ Rigged '“ Check. 
In 2015, Director of the University of Cambridge Master of Finance program, Simon Taylor wrote that, 'Bank executive pay appears rigged against women.' He found that female bank execs' 'pay packages typically have a much lower level of incentive compensation,' netting women much less than male counterparts. 
That same year, the NewStatesman.com wrote that, 'Women can't have it all '“ because the game is rigged.' The author is upset that women have to 'choose' between having a high-powered career and spending time raising a family. Yeah '“ I know. If the system wasn't so 'rigged,' women could have it all '“ a model family and equal pay '“ unless, of course, if they work for the Clinton Foundation. 
Women '“ Equal Pay '“ Rigged '“ Check 
Naturally, the system is 'rigged' against the poor and the middle class. The working class warrior, Elizabeth Warren , who is worth almost $15 million, said in an interview with CNN : 'Let's just be real clear - the game is rigged and it's rigged in favor of those who have money and who have power,' like Elizabeth Warren. 
Middle Class '“ Poor '“ Workers of the World Unite - Rigged '“ Check 
There are many more examples of the democrats and liberals in general (redundant) whining of this ethereal system being rigged against every constituent group under their umbrella , that I would be remiss to not mention the seminal complaint of all the left. The system has been and will always be rigged against blacks '“ particularly the justice system. 
Everywhere in America, according to the left, are examples of a rigged justice system, where blacks, minding their own business, are rounded up, arrested, and summarily shot. So rigged is the system , that 'George Washington University law professor Paul Butler, who is a former federal prosecutor, has suggested the remedy ought to be widespread jury nullification. 'It is, in fact, the moral responsibility of black jurors to emancipate some guilty black outlaws.'' 
Blacks '“ Social Justice '“ Rigged '“ Check 
With all this 'rigging' going on, maybe the only fair thing to do is allow Hillary and her minions to do whatever they must to win, thus righting some of the wrongs of the rigged system. It should be our moral responsibility to emancipate some guilty democrat outlaws. 
Democrats lying and cheating on camera '“ Dead People Voting '“ Illegals Voting '“ Election not Rigged '“ Check. shares

ARTICLE

Print 
Two weeks before the most outrageous presidential election in history, the stakes for the economic future of our country are high. There is no question that the U.S. economy is in terrible shape and that the policy decisions made in the last ten years have negatively affected everyone who trades, invests, and use the U.S. dollar as a reserve currency. Are voters going to choose free market economic recovery with Trump or global collectivism with Clinton? 
The government statistics claim that there are officially 8 million unemployed but the actual unemployment numbers are closer to 16 million people. The reported labor force of almost 156 million in 2000 has shrunk to 152 million today. The reported number of Americans 'not in the labor force' is an astonishing 94 million. These are discouraged workers who are no longer counted as unemployed. This explains why this administration's unemployment numbers are so rosy and low. For up to date numbers, visit the national debt clock here. http://www.usdebtclock.org/ 
Our national debt is astronomical, approaching $20 trillion while GDP is below $19 trillion. We already owe more than we make in a year in final goods and services. Gross debt to GDP ratio is 106.38 percent. The U.S. total debt is $67 trillion. However, if we add all the unfunded liabilities such as Social Security, Medicaid, Medicare, and Obamacare , the figure jumps much higher. 
The federal budget deficit (the difference between taxation and spending) is almost $6 trillion for this year. The more indebted we are to the rest of the world and to each other, the less money will be available for future generations to improve their standard of living and to defend themselves. 
There are approximately 119 million U.S. taxpayers and approximately 124 million full-time workers. The biggest part of the revenue from taxation is spent on entitlements. Somehow, Social Security, a fund established with automatic paycheck contributions, has been lumped in with entitlements as if the Social Security fund did not belong to the tax payers but to the government. 
Our Congress loves to spend money on entitlements because the recipients vote them back into office. Revenue to GDP ratio is a positive 35.6 percent but spending to GDP ratio is a red 36.04 percent. 
During the third presidential debate, Hillary Clinton said that she would make sure public college education will be free, that parents will not receive a bill for their children's college degree, and she will do it by not adding one penny to the national debt. 
After fact checking the statement, it turns out to be not true. One source claims that $500 billion will be added to the national debt in the next 10 years while the Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget estimated that '$200 billion will be spent on infrastructure, financial aid for college students, and early childhood education.' 
The current student loan debt is $1.4 trillion and growing. There are 50,182,018 public school students who will eventually take advantage of this 'free' college offer Hillary Clinton has made. Who is going to pay? Taxpayers, of course, will be saddled with the cost. 
Additionally, how is she going to create jobs to employ college graduates if her plan includes raising taxes? Employers create jobs when their taxes are decreased. NAFTA, which was President Bill Clinton's achievement, has exported many manufacturing jobs overseas. Hillary Clinton supports the highly secretive Trans Pacific Partnership (TPP), which would finish off the manufacturing sector in this country, leaving the United States as a service economy. 
We now have 12,500,256 manufacturing jobs left in this country. In 2000 we had 19,462,745 manufacturing jobs. There are about 120 million private sector jobs but large companies are pushing for more H-1B visas to import cheap technical labor from India and other foreign nations, leaving seasoned employees out of a job and having to train their replacements. More college graduates living in their parents' basement will have to work as baristas in coffee shops. 
Trump is in favor of school choice and wants to end Common Core. He favors the reintroduction of Vocational and Technical education, as well as making two and four-year college education affordable. 
Donald Trump wants to renegotiate NAFTA and to withdraw from TPP. He wants to end foreign trade abuses and currency manipulation by China. He wants to repatriate our own companies by reducing corporate taxation significantly and by establishing tariffs to prevent companies from leaving in the first place. He wants to offer middle class tax relief that would help create 25 million jobs. He wants to simplify the tax code. 
Trump wants to create jobs by lifting regulatory restrictions on fossil fuel exploration and all mining. He wants to 'lift road blocks that prevent the Keystone pipeline from moving forward.' 
Trump wants to cancel payments to the United Nations Climate Fund and use the money to fix our water and environmental infrastructure. 
Hillary Clinton wants to expand illegal immigration and open borders while Trump wants to cancel federal funding of sanctuary cities that harbor criminal illegal aliens. He will 'suspend immigration from terror-prone regions where vetting cannot safely occur.' 
He will establish punishments for visa overstays, for repeat criminal offenders, and multiple illegal border crossings. Adamant that he will build the wall with Mexico, Trump promises to remove criminal aliens from the U.S. and to cancel visas to countries that won't take them back. 
Restoring the rule of law, dismantling criminal gangs, establishing a task force on violent crime to help police, cleaning up corruption, and admitting immigrants who have been thoroughly vetted, who want to be a contributing part of our country, should go a long way to begin the process of healing our nation. 
Hillary wants to continue President Obama's policies, including the admittance of many more 'refugees' from countries that are inimical to us. 
While Hillary wants to develop Obamacare into a one payer system, Trump wants to 'repeal and replace' the very costly and unaffordable Affordable Care Act which has made healthcare premiums unaffordable for so many Americans who were forced to drop their insurance and just pay the tax penalty. 
Trump favors health savings accounts, letting states manage Medicaid funds, and allowing Americans to buy insurance across state lines. Cutting the red tape at the FDA is also on his radar. He promises to fix VA hospitals and to allow veterans to be treated by their chosen doctor in any private or public hospital. 
Will Trump have the opportunity to replace Justice Scalia or will Hillary alter the composition of the Supreme Court, turning it into a bastion of progressivism for generations to come? 
Trump promises to expand and strengthen our military, to guard our First and Second Amendments, and to protect our Constitution. 
It is time that American hard-earned dollars take care of Americans first instead of providing for the rest of the world to the detriment of poor Americans, redistributing our wealth through schemes that the globalists behind Hillary Clinton have devised. Americans want to have secure borders, sovereignty, one language, self-determination, and economic prosperity through free markets not through collectivism. shares

ARTICLE

Print 
Although members of Congress are now absolutely outraged the Pentagon is trying to recoup bonuses given out to thousands of troops, it turns out, Congress actually knew about this problem for at least two years. 
Andreas Mueller, chief of federal policy for the California National Guard, wrote an email to the California congressional delegation, stating the Guard told members of Congress about the bonus reclamation issue two years ago, The Los Angeles Times reports. 
In fact, Mueller noted that the Guard had even offered a solution, but Congress took zero action. 
In effect, the scandal stems back to about a decade when the National Guard was called upon to supply more troops. Guard officials were only supposed to give out bonuses to high-value positions like intelligence or civil affairs, to incentivize more soldiers to head to Iraq and Afghanistan during a marked troop shortage. But that rule was ignored and thousands of soldiers received bonuses they weren't actually supposed to, unbeknownst to them. 
Now, the Pentagon wants those bonuses back and with interest. 
Since the story first broke Saturday, members of Congress have declared how abhorrent it is for veterans to be targeted with tax liens and wage garnishment for refusing to pay back these bonuses. GOP Rep. Duncan Hunter, a Marine Corps reservist, wrote a letter to Secretary of Defense Ash Carter on Sunday, asking for him to get involved as to find a solution to this 'boneheaded' decision . 
On the other side of the aisle, House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi sent House Speaker Paul Ryan a letter Monday arguing that as soon as Congress gets back in session, members should immediately pass legislation to halt the Pentagon's collection efforts. 
Democratic Sens. Dianne Feinstein and Barbara Boxer also wrote a letter to Carter, insisting that he had the power to simply forgive the debts without any action from Congress. 
'Thousands of our service members are paying the price for mistakes made by California National Guard managers, some of whom are now serving jail time or paying restitution for their crimes,' Feinstein and Boxer said . 'It is outrageous to hold these service members and their families responsible for the illegal behavior of others.' 
But in the meantime, the California Guard certainly does not have the legal power to forgive debts, however much it might want to do so. 
Article reposted with permission from The Daily Caller shares

ARTICLE

Print 
There is a sizeable faction in this country that is disgusted with the choices we have going into the 2016 General Election. While the choices are far from the quality a great nation like the United States deserves, they are what they are. No amount of complaining, abdication of responsibility, or indignation will change this reality. 
But, like it or not, the outcome of this election will affect each and every one of us, and in ways that can never be rectified in our lifetimes, if at all. It is for that reason that this election is a referendum on the issues, not on the candidates. It is also for this reason that it needs to be reiterated '“ in no uncertain terms '“ that General Elections are not for electing your favorite candidate. They are for protecting the country from the worst candidate. 
Right now, we have two candidates '“ arguably not the best the country can offer, who possess two extremely different visions for the country. It is about these differences '“ exclusively '“ that we must base our choices come Election Day. Put bluntly, this election isn't about personalities, capabilities, soundbites or even criminality; it is about issues, and on these issues, we do have choices to make. 
Yes, the names on the ballot give us pause. I will cede that point but offer this rebuttal for your consideration. 
On the one hand, we have a politically untested, braggadocios businessman in Donald Trump who routinely makes statements before he thinks about the consequences of his words. But while many may have their principles insulted by the prospect of casting a vote for such an overt braggart, there is no question that he loves and appreciates the country that has allowed him to be so successful. 
On the other hand, we have Hillary Clinton , a woman who has, but for a very short stint at a private law firm, always lived taking a taxpayer-funded government check. For getting on 30 years this woman has fed off the taxpayer feed trough, advancing her ideological agenda '“ one tilted to the whims of the Fabian Progressive that she is, admittedly, and establishing and engaging in bureaucratic corruption so extensive that she has been able to parlay her 'public service' into an amassed wealth of hundreds of millions of dollars. 
So, in personality and professionally, we have a stark and glaring choice in the people that are on the ballot. One, Trump, has a love of country but no political prowess, the other, Clinton, has decades of inside-the-beltway experience but a deeply seeded desire to 'fundamentally transform' the nation from a Constitutional Republic to a Socialist Democracy administered by a Progressive oligarchy. 
Larger than the personalities in this election, however, are two very important and critical issues; issues that these two candidates '“ as flawed as they are '“ have decidedly different ideas about. 
We are standing at a moment where we control whether or not the Affordable Care Act (Obamacare) remains a binding law or whether it gets repealed. Make no mistake, Hillary Clinton, if elected, will cement this incredibly unconstitutional law into the very fabric of our country for all-time. The only way Obamacare will be abandoned under a Clinton Administration is in deference to the establishment of a full-blown single-payer health insurance system administered by the Federal Government, i.e. nationalized healthcare. 
Donald Trump, on the other hand, has made a cornerstone of his campaign the repeal of Obamacare. He has pledged to destroy the artificial barriers in the marketplace '“ barriers erected by insurance company-friendly politicians '“ that keep the free market from allowing competition that would dramatically lower premium costs for everyone. This, as a result '“ through competition in the free market '“ would make health insurance affordable for all. 
So, the choice is abundantly clear '“ unless you are a Socialist or a Marxist '“ on who has already earned your vote on the issue of Obamacare. Unless you want your health insurance premiums to rise to unaffordability and the quality of your healthcare to take a downturn to that of a Third World country, you need to cast a vote for Donald Trump so that Hillary Clinton doesn't make Obamacare permanent. 
Then there is the matter of the United States Supreme Court. The direction of the nation, with regard to constitutionalism, hangs in the balance this election. With the next President of the United States most likely getting to nominate three, and possibly four, United States Supreme Court justices, we are at a crossroads as to whether we jettison the Constitution completely or return to being a 'nation of laws and not of men,' of which John Adams spoke. 
The US Supreme Court is seated to protect and defend the US Constitution and the Bill of Rights, exclusively. The justices are tasked with ruling on the constitutionality of law, not on the people effected by that law. As   Bill of Rights were crafted to serve all of the people '“ regardless of race, creed, gender or economic class '“ serving the Constitution is, by that very act, serving the people. 
Hillary Clinton, in the last debate, spoke of appointing Supreme Court justices who would be empathetic to the people and their causes. She talked of her selections being mindful of the people in the decisions they would be faced with making. She said she envisions a Supreme Court that 'stands up on behalf of women's rights, on behalf of the rights of the LGBT community, that will stand up and say no to Citizen's United, a decision that has undermined the election system in our country' and that her nominees would be 'in the great tradition of standing up to the powerful, standing up on behalf of our rights as Americans.' 
But none of that '“ none of it '“ is what the US Supreme Court is supposed to engage in, as duly noted above. Women, the LGBT community, and even the political process are best served when the Constitution is best served and adequately protected. What Hillary Clinton proposed, in her answer, was to establish an activist special-interest Supreme Court bench that serves entities rather than the Constitution, a document that serves everyone equitably and equally when administered as the Framers intended. 
In incredible and stark contrast, Donald Trump has pledged to nominate justices to the Supreme Court who would interpret the Constitution 'the way the Founders wanted it interpreted.' In that short, simple response Trump said what each and every American should want to hear in an answer to that query. He will appoint justices that will serve and protect the Constitution, returning the Supreme Court to the rule of law. 
So, again, unless you are a 'social justice' activist with a Fabian Progressive bent, the choice is clear on who should get your vote regarding the issue of the US Supreme Court. Trump wants justices who rule on constitutionality, while Clinton wants justices who rule on a special-interest, social justice agenda. 
In the worst case scenario; should Hillary Clinton win on November 8th, we can be guaranteed of two things. First, Obamacare and its never-ending rate hikes '“ not to mention the Progressive march to a single-payer health insurance system run exclusively by the Federal Government '“ will be here forever. Second, the US Supreme Court '“ and the whole of the federal courts beneath it '“ will be lost to at least one generation (maybe two) of Progressive-Liberalism; codifying countless new 'social justice' laws and mandates onto the American people. 
These are the issues that consume this election. To wit, this election is an ipso facto referendum on Obamacare and the direction of the US Supreme Court, nothing else; no personalities, no crimes, no sex scandals, nothing else. 
This is why there can be no abdication by the American people of their responsibilities to vote. Yes, the candidates may not be the best our nation has to offer, but the issues are more serious than the personality, ethics and knowledge deficits possessed by either. Just because you may hate the choices doesn't mean the issues become benign. 
While Trump, if he should win, may end up having to surround himself with people more knowledgeable than he on most every matter, that is infinitely better than giving the Oval Office to Hillary Clinton, who has been slated as the 'clean-up hitter' in the Progressive fundamental transformation of America. 
It is for that reason that sitting this election out '“ refusing to vote because of the quality, demeanor, ethics or perceived personality deficits of the candidates '“ is an exercise of abdication of responsibility; to the country, future generations and the US Constitution. In the end, it is the most selfish thing an American can do at this point in American history. shares

ARTICLE

Print 
You may remember when Alabama Supreme Court Chief Justice Roy Moore was removed from the bench in 2003 for disobeying an unlawful mandate to remove a Ten Commandments monument in the Alabama Supreme Court building. Ten years later, however, the people of Alabama overwhelmingly voted their heroic defender of liberty back to his position in 2013. This example proves that many American citizens are looking for elected officials who uphold   hold moral conviction! 
Sadly, the Alabama Supreme Court Chief Justice has again been unlawfully removed from the bench at the hands of liberal activists on Alabama's Court of the Judiciary (COJ), due to an administrative order issued by Moore that stated, 'Until further decision by the Alabama Supreme Court, the existing orders of the Alabama Supreme Court that Alabama probate judges have a ministerial duty not to issue any marriage license contrary to the Alabama Sanctity of Marriage Amendment or the Alabama Marriage Protection Act remain in full force and effect." 
Chief Justice Moore remarked, 'I have been targeted for my belief in marriage, a belief shared by the majority of Americans. No one can point to any illegal, unlawful or unethical aspect of my four-page Administrative Order. That order was a status report on the case. A justice should not be removed from office because of a political agenda.' 
You see God created marriage - not man, not governments. 
Consider the following analogy. You lease a home in a residential neighborhood for your personal residence. You sign a contract '“your vow'”and move in to enjoy that new home. Later, you decide you want to open a retail business in that home against the owner's wishes and against your contract. No matter what kind of attorney arsenal you have, you cannot change the zoning of that residence into a business; it is not permissible in the contract, and you don't own the home. 
In the same way, marriage belongs to God, and He has given us the benefit of it. For this reason, when you make marriage vows, you are asked to repeat them twice. The first time is a vow to God, who creates the marriage, and the second time is your vow to the other person. 
Our founders have long since passed into the annals of history. Their monuments are lifeless stone and can no longer rectify or redeem the champions of their spiritual cause of liberty. That is our job as Americans. To defend and pray for Chief Justice Roy Moore is our duty. Why? Because as Americans, we believe in the 'Laws of Nature and Nature's God' that were set in motion by our Creator to protect the Rights He has given us. 
Learn more about your Constitution with Jake MacAulay and the Institute on   receive your free gift. shares

ARTICLE

During the 3 rd presidential debate Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton laughably claimed that self-made billionaire, Donald Trump '”a political outsider'”was a puppet, rather than herself: 
'He'd [Vladimir Putin] rather have a puppet as president of the United States.' 
'No puppet, no puppet'¦ You're the puppet,' was Mr. Trump's honest reply. 
Excuse me, but which scandal-embroiled candidate made a dirty U.S. uranium deal with Russia? Which same one blatantly broke American law and fostered potential espionage? As with everything two-faced Hillary says, the truth opposes her own words and deeds. Via Charity-gate , Mrs. Clinton did the former; with Server-gate, she did the latter. Thus, at the debate, she falsely accused Trump of her own crimes. This behavior is classical psychological projection: her own deep-seeded guilt blamed on her innocent political opponent. 
Beyond a worthless apology, Hillary's blame game never includes herself. Mr. Trump's call to Russia to release her illegally destroyed emails (if they have them) isn't espionage. He has nothing to do with what was left unprotected or has likely been stolen. First, wasn't it Hillary who intentionally had unauthorized, private servers set up in the first place as Secretary of State? Second, wasn't it Mrs. Clinton's responsibility to follow the law forbidding such extraneous storage of classified information? Third, since she knowingly ignored the rules, doesn't she own the consequences of hackers and potentially 'interfering' foreign governments in next month's election? 
Hillary has aided Russia, the foreign government she now publicly demonizes. In reality, if anyone is a hypothetical puppet of Putin's, it's Hillary Clinton , not Donald Trump. Specifically, her State Department approved the Uranium One deal, which insanely ceded Russian control of 20% of American produced uranium for a fat donation to her pay for play sham of a charity, the Clinton Foundation . (That's the highly prized ' yellow cake ' used in nuclear weapons.) What's to stop the Kremlin from sharing the extra supply with their Middle East allies, the nuclearly ambitious Iranian Imams ? You know, the same bearded fellows who finessed a toothless, Obama-approved nuclear deal that virtually guarantees them the bomb within the next decade? The answer to all of the above is nothing at all. 
Moreover, if the Soviets do have her destroyed emails, Mr. Putin has a treasure trove of top secret material with which to blackmail the normally paranoid and self-obsessed Hillary . Therefore, Mrs. Clinton would waste critical years in office (vital to the continued solvency of America) looking only to save her own skin. Indeed, the next president must contend with the escalating, unsustainable 19.7T debt . (That sounds like a wheelhouse challenge to a businessman and job creator like Donald Trump .) 
Yet, Hillary's not up to that, or anything constructive. Crooked Hillary will be embroiled in ever worsening scandals, and future Nixon style cover-ups. Just like her impeached hubby Bill, she'll remain in an endless cycle of political damage control. Recall her already well-established track record of incompetence and lawlessness. While the country seizes in a hellish Clinton Administration death spiral, how would this divisive rabble-rouser lead'”except disastrously'”over a social and economic cliff? 
It doesn't take a dummy to know who's better for America's future . If ventriloquists were Wall Street bankers, speechifying 'Hillary six figures' would be their open borders , amnesty-promising marionette. Brassy Donald Trump should not be confused with any of that. Unlike the shifty one percenters who finance Mrs. Clinton's corrupt candidacy, Donald Trump's a captain of industry who can't be bought. He already has all of the fame, wealth and power anyone could want. America needs his tell-it-like-it-is 'can-do' optimism'”not an elitist figurehead for foreign and domestic special interest groups, and corporate masters. shares

ARTICLE

In fact, the media jumped all over the false narrative the Miller and his wife were tied to the Bundy's, labeling them right wing extremist terrorists , and attempting to use the propaganda for advancing attacks on the Second Amendment . The media never mentioned the fact that the Millers were involved in the Occupy Movement and it never informs the public that they were Vegas police informants . 
What's worse is that this attempt to smear patriots for standing against the illegal and unconstitutional acts of the DC government and their willing accomplices in the Bureau of Land Management, FBI, and corrupt politicians, both in DC and local, is the fact that this was already dealt with once as Constitutional Sheriff Richard Mack was wrongly connected to the Millers. 
Deb Jordan adds , "Las Vegas Metro Police and the Clark County Sheriff's Department cannot produce any report of violence or destruction of property during the Bundy Civil Rights Protest, except in those instances where the Bureau of Land Management were the perpetrators." 
"Sheriff Douglas Gillespie, the then Sheriff of Clarke County said at the time, there was no direct link to the couple's killing spree and Cliven Bundy '“ noting that the two had arrived in Las Vegas in January of 2014 and that they had their own agenda for starting a revolution," she added. "Gillespie made clear he had seen NO evidence that the Miller's had come to Nevada seeking out Cliven Bundy." 
Nevada Assemblywoman Michele Fiore also took time to call out this injustice . 
"This mailer is completely unacceptable she said, and somebody needs to be held accountable for putting this false narrative in Nevada mailboxes," she said. "Clearly the Bundy's Civil Rights were being violated by a United States Government '“ Terrorist Organization '“ known as the BLM, and we all saw it happening with our own eyes. I was not the only elected official at that protest and what I want to know is, where the hell are they now?" 
Fiore also said : 
The level of propaganda being allowed by the Democratic Party must come to an end. We have men whose lives are on the line here in Nevada, and poisoning the jury pool with a downright lie must be dealt with. Not only do we have a case here that is already out of balance because it is being overseen by Judge Gloria Navarro, a left winger who was recommended by Harry Reid and appointed by Barack Obama, and Steven Myhre a Liberal Prosecutor who could obviously care less about fairness and truth, now we add to that more unfairness by allowing a left-wing propaganda machine to send out the message, that Cliven Bundy is directly responsible for the death of two of our Metro Police officers. 
This case should be awarded a change in venue in the fairness of law, and my peers should stop being cowards and get back to representing the truth about this case. 
Cliven Bundy held a peaceful protest on his own property and even though the Federal Government was not invited, they came anyway. 
They literally beat up on his family, set trained snipers on hillsides overlooking his ranch, came at them with stun guns and dogs, tried to restrict them to a first amendment area, killed and buried their cattle on public lands '“ in mass graves, threatened everyone who came to a lawful protest with lethal force, had armed helicopters and drones flying all over the place, and now they honestly want the American people to believe the Bundy's were the bad guys '” come on '¦ 
The Government has stacked the odds against these men, and I am telling you right now; 
I will not stand by and watch them be railroaded by a bunch of left-wing extremist and sent to prison for crimes they did not commit. 
This case should not only be moved out of the State of Nevada, it should be dismissed altogether. 
I have no regrets for doing the right thing here when it comes to the Bundy's '” As hard as it is, I would rather lose every single race for office, before I would lose one nights sleep knowing I had betrayed them ." 
Fiore is correct. The men in Nevada were more peaceful than the agents who surrounded them. So, what are you going to do America? Will you sit quietly by at your keyboard and rage at the machine, or will you take action? 
You can contact the responsible party here: Address : 6233 Dean Martin Dr, Las Vegas, NV 89118

ARTICLE

Print 
There are times that we are guilty of doing things that are offensive and we are unaware. Not knowing the culture you offend puts you in a position to seem bigoted. But are you responsible for how others perceive your words? Are you accountable to ensure that no one is ever offended by your words and actions? Is that even possible? 
It seems that this is now what is expected of DePaul University students. They are only to express themselves in ways that others will not take offense. 
The Washington Times reports : 
The nation's largest Catholic university told a group of pro-life students that it could not display posters reading 'Unborn Lives Matter,' lest they provoke the Black Lives Matter movement. 
In a letter to the College Republicans, DePaul University president Father Dennis Holtschneider said the posters contained 'bigotry' veiled 'under the cover of free speech,' the Daily Wire reported. 
'By our nature, we are committed to developing arguments and exploring important issues that can be steeped in controversy and, oftentimes, emotion,' Mr. Holtschneider said in the letter. 'Yet there will be times when some forms of speech challenge our grounding in Catholic and Vincentian values. When that happens, you will see us refuse to allow members of our community be subjected to bigotry that occurs under the cover of free speech.' 
So to twist the popular slogan of one group to fit another group is bigoted? Would they feel this way if the sign were different? What if the sign read, 'Black Unborn Lives Matter,' would that be bigoted? 
The truth is, the university is beginning to crack down on freedom of speech and expression, if those thoughts and expressions are conservative. More mind control from the left. 
Article reposted with permission from Constitution.com shares

ARTICLE

Print 
Last week, I reported that the MSM was doing a great deal to try and undermine the truths that are being revealed about our government, the rigged election , and their darling, Hillary Clinton. My suspicion was that they were going so far as to set up fake websites and use skewed polls to prepare us for a Clinton victory. 
It appears I was not alone in that suspicion because all sorts of people began to bring up the topic of skewed polls, including the Trump campaign. 
Today, I noticed in the headlines that all of the ' official polls ' are telling a different story. They're telling a story of a battle that is too close to call. Some are even saying that Trump is ahead by a point or two. Some are saying Clinton is a little bit ahead. It's because they've been busted and they're scrambling to cover the evidence of their dishonesty, of course. Politico even wrote a scathing article about the conspiratorial nature of the very idea of rigged elections . 
How did this happen? I believe that the combined voices of people who are sick of their baloney have made a difference. They realized that they weren't pulling the wool over everyone's eyes and they regrouped. 
Don't let this convince you that the election is somehow magically 'unrigged.' They're just dialing back the rhetoric because it was so blatant that everyone was noticing it. 
It's still a disgusting mess but the truth is our defense. Who can you trust? 
Here are at least two organizations who have a strong record for telling the truth: Project Veritas (It's hard to doubt your own eyes on secret videos '“ find them on YouTube and Twitter ) Wikileaks (In 10 years their documents have never once been discredited '“ find them on Twitter and on their website ) 
Alternative media sites that have been around for a few years are likely to be more trustworthy than the mainstream sites, but let's be honest. We have a bias too '“ nearly all of us despise Hillary Clinton, the Clinton Foundation, and the Clinton Money Machine that has so overloaded the system with corruption that it's becoming obvious to even the most oblivious Kool-Aid drinker that something is awry. Check the sources. 
The bottom line is, don't just blindly trust anyone. Vet your sources. Click the links the websites provide and decide whether or not the sources they're quoting seem to be legitimate. When you see the exact same wording repeated over and over, generally it's because it's a talking point that someone has informed the media they are to emphasize. Have you ever noticed phrases like 'an abundance of caution' or 'for your own safety' getting used over and over? It's a talking point and the collusive media is using it as a propaganda tool. Never trust a talking point. We're all being played. 
I believe that the decision of who will be the next president has already been made. It would take a scandal of massive proportion to derail this train before it gets to the station on November 8th. 
And that's really saying something, considering the scandals that have already been unearthed, many of which should have landed Clinton in an orange jumpsuit but have somehow been glossed over with little mention in the MSM. 
If you're as worried about a Clinton presidency as I am, the biggest thing that you can do is fight for the truth to be known. Share reliable information about Hillary Clinton where everyone can learn about it. When we all raise our voices together, we are heard. 
Telling the truth '“ and doing so loudly '“ has never been more important than it is right now. 
Article reposted with permission from DaisyLuther.com

ARTICLE

Print 
It is rare to see or hear of anyone taking a stand against the rapid increase in legally forced Humanism in public life. Everywhere we look, we see freedom of speech and freedom of religion suppressed to appease a small group of Americans. 
But there is hope, as some still know what their duty entails. 
Christian News reports : 
An activist that often works to separate God from the military is seeking the punishment of an Air Force commander who responded to a recent interview question that Jesus is his guide and influences his decisions. 
On Sept. 15, the focus was on U.S. Air Force Lt. Col. Michael Kersten, who serves with the 39th Medical Support Squadron. The unit provides 'preventative and clinical health and wellness services for U.S. and coalition forces.' 
'Is there a leader from your career that influenced you the most?' he was asked during the interview. 'If so, who, and how did they affect the way you lead?' 
'There's no ONE in particular, Kersten responded. 'As a Christian, my example is to be like Christ. He is my guide and affects all of my decisions. He teaches to do all things as unto the Lord and I believe this is synonymous with integrity first and excellence in all we do.' 
Of course, atheist troll Mikey Weinstein was very displeased to see such statements on a government website. Therefore, Weinstein wrote to the base commander to have punishment inflicted for such actions. 
Christian News continued: 
'He has essentially stated that Christianity (or his particular interpretation/denomination of same) is the guiding policy of HIS command,' Weinstein said. 'He has VERY publicly endorsed his singular view of Christian faith supremacy and it is not unreasonable or irrational to think that this widespread endorsement in an official Air Force internet publication could and/or would lead to preferential treatment of those subordinates who share his views.' 
He, therefore, demanded that Kertsen be both rebuked and punished. 
'MRFF demands that you (1) expeditiously and publicly rebuke Lt. Col. Kersten's official statement'”as contrasted with his private Christian faith belief which is not MRFF's concern'”(2) appropriately and visibly punish Lt. Col. Kersten for his unconstitutional and UCMJ-violating behavior; (3) apologize to your airmen and our Turkish allies, and; (4) reaffirm an inclusive 39th Air Base Wing command climate'¦' Weinstein wrote. 
Isn't it cute that he thinks that someone would be scared of his list? Glad to report that Col. John Walker was not. 
Christian News reports: 
'The Air Force places the highest value on the rights of its personnel in matters of religion by its members,' he wrote. 'Our Airmen are sworn to protect our rights and liberties as Americans, including the right of all Airmen to practice their religious faith of to practice no faith at all.' 
A second letter has been sent, but, so far, Walker has not replied. 
It is possible that he has just chosen to ignore Weinstein. 
Article reposted with permission from Constitution.com shares 

ARTICLE

Print 
Islam and sex slavery are like peanut butter and jelly - you always find the one next to the other. Muslims kidnapping vulnerable white girls in the UK and forcing them to be sex slaves has reached an epidemic level, according to a recent report from the UK Charity Barnados. They say that Muslims are setting up fake businesses, primarily car washes, when, in reality, they are brothels and transit houses for these kidnapped girls: 
Barnardo's claims girls are being ferried from one unit to another as sex slaves for Kurds[s]. 
It suggests white British girls on the run from the care system in Hartlepool, Stockton-on-Tees and Middlesbrough are being targeted. 
The report said: 'There were connections between people that work in car washes and the sexual exploitation of children on Teesside. 
'¦ 
Officers on the immigration-led operation found beds at one. It was suggested staff were living on the premises. 
Cleveland Police said: 'It was not confirmed that child sexual exploitation had taken place although enquiries were conducted.' ( source ) 
This is a sad and sickening picture of what the UK has become. Once one of the safest places in the West, it has allowed itself to become little more than a third-world cesspool, where its own women are being sold like slaves in the Muslim bazaars of old, and the government refuses to do its job to stop it, instead allowing it to continue and trying to stop those who want to put a stop to it. 
Article reposted with permission from Shoebat.com 
*Article by Andrew Bieszad

ARTICLE

Print 
Some worrisome news is breaking across the nation where most Americans are now preparing to deal with a major spike in their already astronomical healthcare costs. The AP is reporting that healthcare premiums are about to rise an average of 25% across the country, even as many American families are already struggling to pay their current premiums. 
Premiums will go up sharply next year under President Barack Obama's health care law, and many consumers will be down to just one insurer, the administration confirmed Monday. That's sure to stoke another 'Obamacare' controversy days before a presidential election. 
Before taxpayer-provided subsidies, premiums for a midlevel benchmark plan will increase an average of 25 percent across the 39 states served by the federally run online market, according to a report from the Department of Health and Human Services. Some states will see much bigger jumps, others less. 
Moreover, about 1 in 5 consumers will only have plans from a single insurer to pick from, after major national carriers such as UnitedHealth Group, Humana and Aetna scaled back their roles. 
'Consumers will be faced this year with not only big premium increases but also with a declining number of insurers participating, and that will lead to a tumultuous open enrollment period,' said Larry Levitt, who tracks the health care law for the nonpartisan Kaiser Family Foundation. 
Fox News took the time on Monday to hammer House Minority leader Nancy Pelosi (D-CA) for her lies that Obamacare would make it easier for most Americans to get healthcare and that it would keep prices more 'affordable.' 
Pelosi's definition of affordable seems to be the exact opposite of what it actually means, because instead of slowing our rising healthcare costs, prices have actually been climbing higher, faster ! 
Administration officials are stressing that subsidies provided under the law, which are designed to rise alongside premiums, will insulate most customers from sticker shock. They add that consumers who are willing to switch to cheaper plans will still be able to find bargains. 
'Headline rates are generally rising faster than in previous years,' acknowledged HHS spokesman Kevin Griffis. But he added that for most consumers, 'headline rates are not what they pay.' 
Senator Ben Sasse (R-NE) wants to hear the Obama administration and their Democrat allies apologize for the disastrous plan, because thus far it seems to have hurt the average American far more than its helped. 'We've reached this point because ObamaCare is built on the lie that Washington's bureaucrats are smart enough to plan health care for millions of Americans. At every turn '” whether it's CO-OPs collapsing, premiums skyrocketing, or big insurers bailing '” the American people have paid the price. More spin won't solve this '” it's time for the White House to admit that this law isn't working.' 
The people of Arizona woke up to even scarier news on Wednesday when they learned that their premiums would be rising by 116% this year! 
However, in Arizona, unsubsidized premiums for a hypothetical 27-year-old buying a benchmark 'second-lowest cost silver plan' will jump by 116 percent, from $196 to $422, according to the administration report'¦ 
Sen. John McCain, R-Ariz., called the Affordable Care Act a 'failure.' 
'Arizona families are demanding affordability, accessibility and choice when it comes to their health care '“ not the expensive, restrictive and poor quality care that has been forced upon them by Obamacare,' McCain said in a statement. 'Until President Obama and Congressional Democrats wake up to the law's failure, and until we repeal and replace it with solutions that encourage competition and put patients back in charge, the Washington-knows-best approach will continue to unfairly burden the Arizona families it was supposed to help.' 
Meanwhile, it seems that Hillary Clinton hasn't gotten the memo about how bad Obamacare has been or about how much it's hurt our economy, because she's still out there running victory laps for the abysmal failure. "You know, before it was called Obamacare, it was called Hillarycare." #DemDebate pic.twitter.com/TfalVkgAgO 
'” Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) February 12, 2016 
Somebody should probably tell her that the majority of Americans hate Obamacare and would prefer seeing it repealed. 
In a summer that saw many insurers drop out of the Affordable Care Act's health insurance exchanges, Americans' support for the healthcare law continues to be slightly more negative than positive. Now, 44% of Americans support the law, also known as Obamacare, and 51% disapprove of it '” similar to what Gallup measured last November. 
51% disapprove of Obamacare (or Hillarycare if you prefer), even worse about 1/3 of Americans say the law has actually HURT them, and long term most Americans think the law will end up either hurting their families or not making any difference at all. 
Hopefully, the Trump campaign is paying attention and will begin hammering away on Obamacare. This is a winning issue for Republicans, and it could be the issue that helps us win in November. 
Article reposted with permission from Constitution.com shares

ARTICLE

The world is about to change drastically . Will you be ready for it? 
The Future Doesn't Need Us'¦ Or So We've Been Told. 
With the rise of technology and the real-time pressures of an online, global economy, humans will have to be very clever '“ and very careful '“ not to be left behind by the future. 
From the perspective of those in charge, human labor is losing its value, and people are becoming a liability. 
This documentary reveals the real motivation behind the secretive effort to reduce the population and bring resource use into strict, centralized control. 
Could it be that the biggest threat we face isn't just automation and robots destroying jobs, but the larger sense that humans could become obsolete altogether?

ARTICLE

Print 
Just in case anyone might be tempted to defend their denial by latching onto the now-laughable proposition that the US Army going with an openly lesbian general was a fluke or that the US Navy naming a new warship after famed gay rapist Harvey Milk was an anomaly or that Army Cadets being pressured into crossdressing was a weird little mistake that somehow slipped through the cracks of an otherwise honorable and good approach to reality, we keep getting wave after wave after tsunami after avalanche of crystal clear confirmation of the US military's proud, headlong plunge into oblivion (and oblivion advocacy, of course). 
The latest example of God-given uber-clarity on the matter comes in the form of a lovely little article entitled First transgender soldiers seek formal Army recognition , wherein AP reports (with bold emphasis added): 
Within weeks of the Pentagon allowing transgender service members to serve openly, Army officials said 10 soldiers have formally asked to be recognized as their new, preferred gender. The small number represents only those who have publicly said they are transgender, and doesn't include soldiers who may be considering or beginning gender transition or those who don't yet want to make an official paperwork change. Gen. Mark Milley, chief of staff of the Army, said the key now is to educate the force, particularly commanders who will have to make decisions about soldiers in their units who request a gender change. 'Is the army ready? Well, we are educating ourselves, and we are trying to get ready,' Milley said in an interview with The Associated Press. 'We're well-past the issue of debating and arguing about transgender. We are now into execution, to make sure the program is carried out with diligence, dignity, respect.' Dignity and respect, eh? Do tell. So the US military is now of a mind that the Christian worldview is inherently anti -dignity and anti -respect. Anti-kittens, anti-rainbows, and anti-love, too, I'm sure. That's how anti-Christ perspectives roll: They tar the Christian worldview (and the God whose Nature it reflects) as mean and evil. They make good evil and evil good. At least they try to anyway. [insert ' U! S! A! ' chant here] Now back to the AP article: The Pentagon policy took effect Oct. 1, and Army Secretary Eric Fanning approved the service's new transgender guidelines earlier this month. Defense Secretary Ash Carter announced in June that he was ending the ban on transgender individuals serving openly in the military. Transgender troops are now able to receive medical care and begin changing their gender identifications in the Pentagon's personnel system. Next year, the military services will begin allowing transgender individuals to enlist, as long as they meet required standards and have been stable in their identified gender for 18 months. 'We're monitoring implementation closely, and everything we've seen so far points to a military organization fully committed to treating everyone equally and providing medically necessary care to all troops, not just some,' said Aaron Belkin, director of the California-based Palm Center, an independent research institute. 'My conclusion, so far, is that implementation has proceeded smoothly and successfully.' . . . Milley said the Army numbers so far are low, but the service doesn't track the number of soldiers who may be starting the gender transition process. 'We may not know the full scope yet,' said Milley. 'Others that may consider themselves as transgender but haven't self-identified publicly may be holding back because they want to see how things progress.' 
Progress. 
That's the name of the game, isn't it? 
The US Army is committed to progress. 
Explicitly anti-Christian progress, of course. 
The US Army is at war. 
With God. 
And His people. 
That's how these fights always end in God's cosmos. 
That's how they always unfold in His creations of time and history. 
So take heart, Christian. 
Either way '“ whether through the beauty of a repentant and restored America being spared judgment and finding life again in loving, willful subjugation to Christ as King, or by way of King Jesus breaking yet another in a long line of unrepentant, proud, God-hating cultures to pieces under the weight of His unbreakable Law , His people always win and His Kingdom always advances'¦all by His grace and all for His glory. 
Article reposted with permission from Fire Breathing Christian shares

ARTICLE

Print 
Islam and sex slavery are like peanut butter and jelly - you always find the one next to the other. Muslims kidnapping vulnerable white girls in the UK and forcing them to be sex slaves has reached an epidemic level, according to a recent report from the UK Charity Barnados. They say that Muslims are setting up fake businesses, primarily car washes, when, in reality, they are brothels and transit houses for these kidnapped girls: 
Barnardo's claims girls are being ferried from one unit to another as sex slaves for Kurds[s]. 
It suggests white British girls on the run from the care system in Hartlepool, Stockton-on-Tees and Middlesbrough are being targeted. 
The report said: 'There were connections between people that work in car washes and the sexual exploitation of children on Teesside. 
'¦ 
Officers on the immigration-led operation found beds at one. It was suggested staff were living on the premises. 
Cleveland Police said: 'It was not confirmed that child sexual exploitation had taken place although enquiries were conducted.' ( source ) 
This is a sad and sickening picture of what the UK has become. Once one of the safest places in the West, it has allowed itself to become little more than a third-world cesspool, where its own women are being sold like slaves in the Muslim bazaars of old, and the government refuses to do its job to stop it, instead allowing it to continue and trying to stop those who want to put a stop to it. 
  Shoebat.com 
*Article by Andrew Bieszad

ARTICLE

Print 
Could we see violence no matter who wins on November 8th? Let's hope that it doesn't happen, but as you will see below, anti-Trump violence is already sweeping the nation. If Trump were to actually win the election, that would likely send the radical left into a violent post-election temper tantrum unlike anything that we have ever seen before. Alternatively, there is a tremendous amount of concern on the right that this election could be stolen by Hillary Clinton. And as I showed yesterday, it appears that voting machines in Texas are already switching votes from Donald Trump to Hillary Clinton . If Hillary Clinton wins this election under suspicious circumstances, that also may be enough to set off widespread civil unrest all across the country. 
At this moment there is less than two weeks to go until November 8th, and a brand new survey has found that a majority of Americans are concerned 'about the possibility of violence' on election day'¦ 
A 51% majority of likely voters express at least some concern about the possibility of violence on Election Day; one in five are 'very concerned.' Three of four say they have confidence that the United States will have the peaceful transfer of power that has marked American democracy for more than 200 years, but just 40% say they are 'very confident' about that. 
More than four in 10 of Trump supporters say they won't recognize the legitimacy of Clinton as president, if she prevails, because they say she wouldn't have won fair and square. 
But many on the left are not waiting until after the election to commit acts of violence. On Wednesday, Donald Trump's star on the Walk of Fame was smashed into pieces by a man with a sledgehammer and a pick-ax'¦ 
Donald Trump took a lot of hits today, and not just in the Presidential race. With less than two weeks to go before America decides if the ex- Apprentice host will pull off a surprise victory over Hillary Clinton, Trump's star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame was destroyed early Wednesday morning by a man dressed as a city construction worker and wielding a sledgehammer and pick-ax in what looks to be a Tinseltown first. 
And there were two other instances earlier this year when Donald Trump's star was also vandalized. One came in January, and the other happened in June '¦ 
This is of course not the first time the GOP candidate's star has been attacked or defaced since Trump announced his White House bid in summer 2015. The most extreme measure was a reverse swastika being sprayed on the star at 6801 Hollywood Blvd in late January. In June this summer, a mute sign was painted on Trump's star in a seemingly protest against the antagonistic language and policies some have accused Trump of promoting and reveling in during the campaign. In both cases, Trump's star was quickly cleaned and back as new within a day. 
We have seen anti-Trump violence on the east coast as well. Earlier this month, someone decided to firebomb the Republican Party headquarters in Orange County, North Carolina. On the building next to the headquarters, someone spray-painted 'Nazi Republicans get out of town or else' along with a swastika. 
There have also been other disturbing incidents of anti-Trump violence all over the nation in recent days. A recent Lifezette article put together quite a long list, and the following is just a short excerpt from that piece'¦ 
On Oct. 15 in Bangor, Maine, vandals spray-painted about 20 parked cars outside a Trump rally. Trump supporter Paul Foster, whose van was hit with white paint, told reporters, 'Why can't they do a peaceful protest instead of painting cars, all of this, to make their statement?' 
Around Oct. 3, a couple of Trump supporters were assaulted in Zeitgeist, a San Francisco bar, after they were allegedly refused service for expressing support for Trump, GotNews reports. 'The two Trump supporters were attacked, punched, and chased into the street by 'some thugs' that a barmaid called out from the back.' Lilian Kim of ABC 7 Bay Area tweeted a photo of the men, in which one was wearing a Trump T-shirt and the other was wearing a 'Blue Lives Matter' shirt. 
On Sept. 28 in El Cajon, California, an angry mob at a Black Lives Matter protest beat 21-year-old Trump supporter Feras Jabro for wearing a 'Make America Great Again' baseball cap. The assault was broadcast live using the smartphone app Periscope. 
There is a move to get Trump supporters to wear red on election day, but in many parts of America that might just turn his supporters into easy targets. Let's certainly hope that we don't see the kind of violent confrontations at voting locations that many experts are anticipating. 
Of course there are also many on the right that are fighting mad, and a Hillary Clinton victory under suspicious circumstances may be enough to push them over the edge. 
For example, this week former Congressman Joe Walsh said that he is 'grabbing my musket' if Donald Trump loses the election'¦ 
Former Rep. Joe Walsh appeared to call for armed revolution Wednesday if Donald Trump is not elected president. 
Walsh, a former tea party congressman from Illinois who is now a conservative talk radio host, tweeted, 'On November 8th, I'm voting for Trump. On November 9th, if Trump loses, I'm grabbing my musket. You in?' 
And without a doubt, many ordinary Americans are stocking up on guns and ammunition just in case Hillary Clinton is victorious. The following comes from USA Today '¦ 
'Since the polls are starting to shift quite a bit towards Hillary Clinton, I've been buying a lot more ammunition,' says Rick Darling, 69, an engineer from Harrison Township, in Michigan's Detroit suburbs. In a follow-up phone interview after being surveyed, the Trump supporter said he fears progressives will want to 'declare martial law and take our guns away' after the election. 
Today America is more divided than I have ever seen it before, and the mainstream media is constantly fueling the hatred and the anger that various groups feel toward one another. 
Ironically, Donald Trump has been working very hard to bring America together. In fact, he is solidly on track to win a higher percentage of the black vote than any Republican presidential candidate since 1960 . 
If Hillary Clinton and the Democrats win on November 8th, things will not go well for Hillary Clinton's political enemies. The Clintons used the power of the White House to go after their enemies the first time around, and Hillary is even more angry and more bitter now than she was back then. 
And the radical left is very clear about who their enemies are. This is something that I discussed on national television earlier this month '¦ 
As I write this, it is difficult for me to even imagine how horrible a Hillary Clinton presidency would be. 
But at this point that appears to be the most likely outcome . 
Out of all the candidates that we could have chosen, the American people are about to put the most evil one by far into the White House. 
Perhaps Donald Trump can still pull off a miracle and we can avoid that fate, but time is rapidly slipping away and November 8th will be here before we know it. 
Take a look at the future of America: The Beginning of the End and then prepare shares

ARTICLE

Print 
This election remains more heated than any other in modern history '“ and for many, it has become a call to arms, even if only metaphorically. 
Despite the fact that DNC operatives have been exposed as the ones inciting violence at rallies '“ Robert Creamer and Scott Foval for example '“ and working overtime to bus in illegal voters and rig the vote '“ the media is going out of its way to paint Trump supporters and grassroots Americans as the ones plotting violence. 
Most recently, they are latching onto comments made by former congressman Joe Walsh, now a conservative radio host, who suggested he would 'pick up a musket' if Trump loses the election. On November 8th, I'm voting for Trump. 
On November 9th, if Trump loses, I'm grabbing my musket. 
You in? 
'” Joe Walsh (@WalshFreedom) October 26, 2016 
Did Walsh mean to imply violence? That is certainly how the media is portraying it, as his comments spark controversy and fuel fire to the debate over the nearing election. 
The irony that his commentary drew from the imagery of founding-era patriots who stood up to tyranny was deeply lost on the left, who see opponents to Hillary in black and white terms '“ racist, xenophobic, utterly deplorable and inherently violent. 
CNN followed up, asking Walsh what he meant by statement. 
via CNN : 
Former Rep. Joe Walsh appeared to call for armed revolution Wednesday if Donald Trump is not elected president. 
['¦] 
Walsh '¦ did respond to CNN's Jake Tapper via Twitter when he asked: 'What exactly does that mean?' 
'It means protesting. Participating in acts of civil disobedience. Doing what it takes to get our country back,' he responded to Tapper. https://twitter.com/WalshFreedom/status/791382994783133696 https://twitter.com/WalshFreedom/status/791382994783133696 
His heated rhetoric is a response to the endless episodes of fraud, dirty trick and foul play by the Hillary campaign, as it seems that she will stop at nothing to become the first female POTUS '“ just the sort of abuse of power that the founders warned about. 
1775-76 erupted in response to a long train of abuses '“ acts of oppression and hostility listed in the Declaration of Independence that is being largely repeated in modern day America. 
Could Hillary's reported election victory '“ or Donald Trump's defeat '“ signal civil unrest and a new wave of resistance, particularly if the results are widely viewed as fraudulent or 'rigged'? Trump, for one, has certainly been talking up the possibility of a stolen election. 
The scenario is plausible enough that the Pentagon and Homeland Security have been carrying out secret drills in the lead up to the election to prepare for the possibility of a martial law response to violence or civil unrest. 
As SHTF detailed in an exclusive report, a whistleblower has come forward on the ominous contingency plan to keep and/or restore order if the populace revolt against the establishment's 'selection' for president: 
If there is any truth to it, the 2016 election could be a kick-off for total tyranny. 
According to an unnamed source '“ who has provided accurate intel in the past '“ an unannounced military drill is scheduled to take place during a period leading up to the election and throughout the month after. 
Date: October 30th '“ 30 days after the election Suspected Region: Northeast, specifically New York 
1st Phase: NROL (No Rule of Law) '“ drill involving combat arms in metro areas (active and reserve). Source says active duty and reserve service members are being vaccinated as if they are being deployed in theatre. 
2nd Phase: LROL (Limited Rule of Law) '“ Military/FEMA consolidating resources, controlling water supply, handing out to public as needed. 
3rd Phase: AROL (Authoritarian Rule of Law) '“ Possible new acronym or term for 'Martial Law'. Curfew, restricted movements, basically martial law scenario. 
Source said exercise involves FEMA/DHS/Military 
At this point, no one can say for certain what will happen in the aftermath of November 8, but it is clear that millions and millions of Americans are dissatisfied with the status quo, troubled about the economic realities perpetuated by the Fed and angry that Hillary may be put in the Oval Office rather than a jail cell, despite a trail of corruption with virtually no end. 
How far will things go? 
And will things ever be reset without a new American Revolution? 
Article posted with permission from SHTFPlan shares

ARTICLE

Print 
I feel strongly that the Supreme Court needs to stand on the side of the American people, not on the side of the powerful corporations and the wealthy. For me, that means that we need a Supreme Court that will stand up on behalf of women's rights, on behalf of the rights of the LGBT community, that will stand up and say no to Citizens United, a decision that has undermined the election system in our country because of the way it permits dark, unaccountable money to come into our electoral system. ' 
'“ Hillary Clinton 
The first salvo from Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton (or rather, her answer to the first question posed by Fox News' Chris Wallace to her and Donald Trump at the third presidential debate) was as chilling as it was an exemplar of hypocrisy. 
Those on the left are quite fond of leveling the accusation against conservatives of employing 'dog whistle politics,' rhetoric that allegedly contains hidden or esoteric derogatory messaging which targets a specific subgroup within the opposition. Ms. Clinton's response to Wallace's question (where they wanted to see the Supreme Court take the country, and their views on how the Constitution ought to be interpreted) however, was representative of this tactic. 
While women's rights and those of the LGBT community may seem to be a curious focus for the high court (since objectively, women wouldn't appear to be particularly oppressed given that one has been nominated to run for president, and the LGBT community accounts for less than 5 percent of the American population), Clinton's answer revealed the focus she believes the court should have once she becomes empress. 
'Women's rights' is of course 'dog whistle' for unfettered abortion, even late-term abortion, which is essentially infanticide via dismemberment. 'LGBT rights' is 'dog whistle' for disenfranchising the majority of Americans who hold traditional values, primarily Christians. Leveraging a vocal minority of homosexuals, bisexuals and transgender individuals whom the left has whipped into a froth against Christians is the methodology that was employed to negate the political power of Christians in Europe and Canada. A direct assault via legislation in this area would not work in the U.S. (at least not at present); however, judicial rulings could effectively bring about the same result. 
Let us leave aside for a moment the fact that judicial activism is unethical and skirts the Constitution and that Clinton's overall objectives are manifestly evil. Hillary Clinton's stated priorities for the Supreme Court are a clear indicator of her desire to use the court as a bludgeon against the Constitution and individual liberties, rather than allowing it to perform its designated function. The hypocrisy attendant to Clinton citing the rights of women and homosexuals when she is beholden via financial contributions to nations that institutionally persecute and murder members of these groups remains plain for all to see, despite being conveniently ignored by the press. 
Clinton's reference to 'powerful corporations and the wealthy' and the malign influence of that sinister conservative organization, Citizens United, was of course another exercise in blatant hypocrisy. Clinton is quite wealthy, and corrupt or otherwise compromised powerful corporations have been instrumental in bringing about the designs of American socialists. Even if Citizens United were a vehicle for 'dark, unaccountable money,' the scope of its influence would pale next to the subversive designs of the Muslim Brotherhood , with which Bill and Hillary Clinton have been partnered for decades, or the myriad tentacles of organizations funded by George Soros , the former Nazi collaborator dedicated to advancing oligarchical collectivism in America, someone with whom the Clintons also have a long association. 
One need not attempt to decipher the thinly veiled intent behind Clinton's debate rhetoric to discern what a Hillary Clinton presidency might look like. Her actions to date '“ and particularly those in the pursuit of seeking that office '“ should suffice quite nicely. Despite the craven complicity of the establishment press (mainstream media), there is ample evidence for even the most indolent news consumer to reach the conclusion that she and the Democratic leviathan supporting her, and which facilitated Barack Obama's rise to power, are fundamentally malignant. 
In recent days, we've become aware of all manner of unethical conspiracies and outright criminality that's been brought to bear in getting Clinton elected, from Democratic officials tampering with the outcome of the illegal email server investigation, to the oversampling of key demographics in polling in order to enhance the public perception of Clinton's popularity, to the recent revelation of criminally prosecutable actions on the part of the Clinton campaign, the Democratic National Committee and the White House. 
The bottom line here is that Hillary Clinton represents a class of people who transcend even the loathed archetypal modern politician in their rapaciousness and amorality. What all Americans '“ not just voters, and not just Republicans '“ need to realize is that leaders at the highest levels in the Republican Party are every bit as culpable as the gutter operatives of the Democratic Party who pay miscreants to dress up as ducks, instigate fistfights at opposition rallies and, yes, even vote for their candidates. 
The burning question is this: In the end, are we to be governed by the will of the people, or are we going to continue pretending that we have a representative government, when we are in effect being ruled by abject thugs operating behind a faux veneer of government?

ARTICLE

Print 
If you want to see war without end, vote for Hillary Clinton. It is tremendously ironic that Hillary Clinton and the mainstream media have attempted to portray Donald Trump as 'dangerous' and 'temperamental', because it is Clinton that actually has a long history of being emotionally unstable. She has a temper that is absolutely legendary, and she has been cussing out the men and women in her security detail for decades . Hillary Clinton played a key role in starting the civil war in Syria, thanks to her Libya is a post-apocalyptic wasteland today, and now she is picking a fight with the Russians before she has even won the election. Of all the candidates there were running for president this election cycle, there was nobody that was even close to as dangerous as Hillary Clinton, and if she wins the election I am fully convinced that World War 3 will begin before her time in the White House is over. 
Someone that shares this opinion with me is Donald Trump. According to Reuters , Trump recently stated that we are 'going to end up in World War Three over Syria if we listen to Hillary Clinton''¦ 
On Syria's civil war, Trump said Clinton could drag the United States into a world war with a more aggressive posture toward resolving the conflict. 
Clinton has called for the establishment of a no-fly zone and 'safe zones' on the ground to protect non-combatants. Some analysts fear that protecting those zones could bring the United States into direct conflict with Russian fighter jets. 
'What we should do is focus on ISIS. We should not be focusing on Syria,' said Trump as he dined on fried eggs and sausage at his Trump National Doral golf resort. 'You're going to end up in World War Three over Syria if we listen to Hillary Clinton.' 
In order to have a no-fly zone in Syria, you would have to enforce it. 
And in order to enforce it, you would have to be willing to shoot at the Russians. 
According to National Intelligence Director James Clapper , that could have dire consequences'¦ 
Russia could shoot down a U.S. aircraft if a no-fly zone were imposed over Syria, National Intelligence Director James Clapper said Tuesday. 
'I wouldn't put it past them to shoot down an American aircraft if they felt that was threatening to their forces on the ground,' Clapper said, speaking with CBS' Charlie Rose at the Council on Foreign Relations in New York about several national security issues. 
Of course Clapper is not alone in that assessment. The Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, General Joseph Francis Dunford, says that imposing a no-fly zone over all of Syria 'would require us to go to war' '¦ 
'Right now, Senator, for us to control all of the airspace in Syria it would require us to go to war, against Syria and Russia,'¦ That's a pretty fundamental decision that certainly I'm not going to make.' ( Senate Armed Services Committee, September 22, 2016, emphasis added) 
But Hillary Clinton is unwavering in her position that this is what she wants. 
You see, the truth is that Hillary Clinton wants to win the war that she started in Syria. Back in 2011, she spearheaded an effort along with Saudi Arabia and Turkey to try to use the Arab Spring uprisings in the Middle East as an opportunity to try to overthrow President Assad in Syria. If it wasn't for her meddling, millions of refugees would not be pouring into Europe and elsewhere, and there would be no 'humanitarian crisis' in Syria at all. 
Thanks to Russian intervention, the war in Syria is not too far from being over, but the Obama administration is desperate to keep it going. They understand that if Assad is victorious that all of their efforts for the last five years have been wasted, and that is why they are so determined to keep Aleppo from falling. Without Aleppo, many of the jihadist rebels that the Obama administration has been supporting won't have anywhere to hide. 
So the Obama administration has actually been considering direct strikes against the Syrian military, and the Russians have already said that they will not allow this to happen . If Obama is insane enough to order airstrikes against Syrian forces and the Russians start shooting back, that could set off a chain of events that could rapidly spiral completely out of control. 
One recent survey found that current American leadership has a 1 percent approval rating in Russia right now, and the Russians dislike Hillary Clinton even more than they dislike Barack Obama. The Russians know that if Hillary Clinton is elected that it is quite likely that they will have to fight a war with us, and that is why they desperately want Donald Trump to win in November. You can see this outlook reflected in comments that Russian President Vladimir Putin recently made about the two candidates '¦ 
'Mrs. Clinton has chosen to take up a very aggressive stance against our country, against Russia. Mr. Trump, on the other hand, calls for cooperation '“ at least when it comes to the international fight against terrorism,' Putin said. 
'Naturally we welcome those who would like to cooperate with us. And we consider it wrong, that we always have to be in conflict with one another, creating existential threats for each other and for the whole world,' Putin noted. 
Anyone that watched the three presidential debates could see that Hillary Clinton is absolutely seething with animosity for Russia. The thought of her finger on the nuclear trigger is almost too terrible to contemplate, but it may soon become a reality. 
And even now, the Obama administration and our NATO allies are shifting forces into position for a confrontation with Moscow. This week it is being reported that NATO troops will soon be sent to Poland, Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania '¦ Nine hundred US troops are to be sent to eastern Europe next year as America's troubled relationship with Russia enters new, uncertain territory. A US-led battle group of NATO allied soldiers will be sent to Poland as part of the multi-nation operation. British forces will lead one of the four battle groups in Estonia, Canada will spearhead the presence in Latvia and Germany will be present in Lithuania. 
In addition, Infowars is reporting that U.S. Marines will soon be stationed in Norway near the border with Russia'¦ 
After accepting a Pentagon proposal, Norway will host US Marines at a base near the Russian border as Russia deploys nuclear-capable ships to Kaliningrad. 
A rotating force of approximately 330 Marines will be stationed at an airfield in the city of Vaernes, just outside Trondheim, beginning in January. Norway and Russia share an 122-mile border in the Arctic. 
'The US initiative to augment their training and exercises in Norway by locating a Marine Corps Rotational Force in Norway is highly welcome and will have positive implications for our already strong bilateral relationship,' said Norwegian Defense Minister Ine Eriksen SÃ¸reide. 
Most Americans aren't aware of any of this, nor do they really care about our relationship with Russia. 
But in Russia things are completely different. The possibility of war with the United States is the biggest news story over there these days , and feverish preparations are being made for a potential nuclear confrontation '¦ 
Russian authorities have stepped up nuclear-war survival measures amid a showdown with Washington, dusting off Soviet-era civil-defense plans and upgrading bomb shelters in the biggest cities. 
At the Kremlin's Ministry of Emergency Situations, the Cold War is back. 
The country recently held its biggest civil defense drills since the collapse of the U.S.S.R., with what officials said were 40 million people rehearsing a response to chemical and nuclear threats. 
I know that I have been writing about this over and over , but the truth is that we are on a path to war with Russia, and the election of Hillary Clinton would greatly accelerate the march toward war. 
In my controversial new book , I expressed my belief that war with Russia is coming, but at the time that I wrote it I didn't know how the election would turn out. 
At this point it looks like Clinton is very likely to win on November 8th, and that would be absolutely disastrous for our relationship with Russia. 
If you are reading this and you are considering voting for Hillary Clinton, please don't do it . We simply cannot afford to have an emotionally unstable warmonger with a violent temper in the White House at this critical time. 
If the American people do choose Hillary Clinton this November, I believe that it will be a choice that they will bitterly, bitterly regret in future years. 
Take a look at the future of America: The Beginning of the End and then prepare shares

ARTICLE

9 News reports : 
It is understood the American Journalist died of lung cancer surrounded by loved ones in London on Saturday. 
Colleagues and fellow journalists across the world, including WikiLeaks co-founder Julian Assange, have taken to social media to pay their respects. 
In his illustrious career, MacFayden produced and directed more than 50 documentaries on a wide range of topics including neo-Nazis, child labour, the Iraq arms trade and Frank Sinatra's ties to the mafia. 
MacFadyen seemed to be one that stood up for Whistleblowers and sought to breed a new generation of investigative journalists. His wife Susan Benn said , "His loyalty to those under attack from powerful forces, particularly whistleblowers and journalistic groups like Wikileaks, will remain a beacon for years to come." 
"He was the model of what a journalist should be... He spearheaded the creation of a journalistic landscape which has irrevocably lifted the bar for ethical and hard-hitting reporting," she added. "Gavin worked tirelessly to hold power to account." 
"His life and how he lived it were completely in sync with the principles that he held dear and practiced as a journalist and educator '“ to comfort the afflicted and afflict the comfortable," she concluded. 
However, some have claimed that there may be a cover up involved in the death of MacFadyen due to a tweet that was shortly posted on Twitter and then removed. 
We also know that Wikileaks founder Julian Assange fears for his life after he has exposed the corruption in government via leaked documents. In fact, we know that many US politicians, including Hillary Clinton have called for his assassination . Hillary Clinton on Assange "Can't we just drone this guy" -- report https://t.co/S7tPrl2QCZ pic.twitter.com/qy2EQBa48y 
'” WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) October 3, 2016 
In an opinion piece by Kristine Moore following MacFadyen's death, she writes , "Having Julian Assange stand at his window in the Ecuadorian Embassy might not be such a good idea after all. If a sniper is able to take him out from nearly a mile away, I think we can all understand why Julian stays well away from his window these days. Assange clearly fears for his life and if he didn't, he would just saunter over to the window, pull the curtain, and wave to everybody. He knows people are concerned about him, but he is right not to put his life at risk just to reassure us with a physical appearance, however fleeting it may be." 
"Lest you think I am being paranoid by suggesting that there could be a sniper lying in wait for him, just remember that Hillary Clinton once quipped that he should be taken out by a drone ," she added. "Even if you say that it was just 'a joke' and meant in jest only, what Secretary of State jokes about murdering somebody in front of other government officials? Many of us have no doubt whatsoever in our minds that if she or someone else were able to do this and get away with it, they would." 
I can see why people might question MacFedyen's death, much like the death of Antonin Scalia was questioned , even though both men were advanced in years. It's also understandable why Julian Assange would want to keep out of sight as much as possible considering the criminal in the White House . shares

ARTICLE

Well, in a long list of documented lies, coverups and criminal activity , Barack Hussein Obama Soetoro Sobarkah continues to get busted, demonstrating that the man is a pathological liar , which makes him mentally unstable and unfit for office ( not that he was qualified in the first place ). 
First, let's review what Obama said. Michael Bastasch reports : 
The White House knew President Barack Obama had emailed former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton's private email account that was run out of an unsecured server in her New York home, according to emails released by WikiLeaks. 
Obama told CBS News in March 2015 he learned of Clinton's private server the way basically all Americans did, " through news reports ." But emails hacked from Clinton campaign chair John Podesta's Gmail account suggest the White House already knew about Clinton's private email server. 
"They know POTUS and HRC emailed," Clinton communications director Jennifer Palmieri wrote to aides in March 2015 '” about a month before Clinton announced she was running for president in 2016. 
So, how did Obama find out about Clinton's illegal email server ? The same way most Americans do, "through new reports;" at least that is the lie he told. 
So, how do we know he's lying? First, his lips are moving. Second, is the documented evidence of a March 7, 2015 email from Josh Schwerin to Jennifer Palmieri, Kristina Schake, Nick Merrill, Jesse Ferguson, which reads, "Jen you probably have more on this but it looks like POTUS just said he found out HRC was using her personal email when he saw it in the news." 
And what was the reply? 
"we [sic] need to clean this up '“ he has emails from her '“ they do not say state.gov." 
That reply came from none other than Cheryl Mills, who wrote to John Podesta. 
Does anyone else think Josh had to change his cell phone number after this? 
This is right along the lines of the lie Obama told when he said, "If You Like Your Health Care Plan, You Can Keep It" . 
Anyways, this is what we have come to expect from those who are supposed to serve the people in government, but we should not expect such and should not allow it to continue. Rather, we should be demanding that justice prevail in all things and deal with these people not just by getting them out of government, but by bringing a just punishment on them for what they have done and sending a message to anyone else that chooses to engage in this behavior while in public service that they will receive the same treatment. shares

ARTICLE

Print 
Ever notice how the criminals deflect from the real issue? That has been done by the Democrats and their useful idiots in the media. In the last debate between Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton , there were mixed views about who was behind the Wikileaks release of Democrat emails, specifically those of Clinton campaign chair John Podesta . While Trumps said he wasn't sure, Clinton claimed it was the Russians, but the real question is not who was behind the leaks, but whether or not the emails are true. 
This is the question that investigative journalist Ben Swann posed on Reality Check . 
Clinton cited 17 agencies that claim that hacks were made by Russia. Among those she referenced are the following: CIA State Department Office of the Director of National Intelligence 
Each of the agencies have credibility issues. Swann also pointed out that every one of those agencies also said the Iraq had weapons of mass destruction too, even though they didn't have them. 
Trump was right to point out that those agencies don't actually know for sure if Russia was behind the hack or not. However, the issue is not really who is behind the leaks, but whether the information being leaked is true. 
As of the report, 26,000 emails from John Podesta have been released by Wikileaks. Among those emails are many that point out the Clinton State Department and the Clinton Foundation engaged in pay-to-play schemes. 
Swann referenced an email from Clinton's chief deputy adviser Huma Abedin who said that Moroccan authorities donated $12 million to The Clinton Foundation 's global initiative in order to gain access to Clinton while she was at the State Department. 
Additionally, there have been numerous emails that demonstrate a collusion between the Clinton campaign and major media outlets. Boy, no one saw that one coming, did they? In fact, emails released by Wikileaks show at least 65 mainstream reporters working close with the Clinton campaign. 
If that wasn't enough, Glenn Thrush, who is a senior staff writer for Politico, allowed John Podesta to proofread and edit his article. In writing to Podesta, Thrush said, "Because I have become a hack [sic] I will send u the whole section that pertains to u [sic]'¦ Please don't share or tell anyone I did this." Now, we know you can't trust one word that Thrush puts out. 
Also, Podesta's emails indicate that they were attempting to deceive Bernie Sanders supporters at the Democrat Convention earlier this year. 
Additionally, Clinton's staff also discussed which e-mails to release and delete. 
So, while the Clinton campaign attempts to deflect from the real issue by pointing to Russia as being engaged in hacking emails, the reality is that she is not wanting to discuss whether the information contained in the emails is true. 
Swann asks, "If they are [true], who cares where they came from? Who cares why? Because if the accusation is that the Russians are trying to influence this election by telling the truth, then what does that tell us about how American media is trying to influence the election?" 
I couldn't agree more. The American media has been bought and paid for, and it's not just on the Democrat side either. Several media outlets are just as guilty of hiding the truth about their own political heavy weights. It's up to Americans to be able to research for themselves and then come to a proper conclusion. However, with the way things have stacked up in the email releases, there is no doubt that the truth has been exposed. The real question is, will the American people do anything about the criminal activity that has taken place concerning Hillary Clinton and her minions? Well, if Barack Hussein Obama Soetoro Sobarkah is any indication , we can expect absolutely no justice from Congress or the Justice Department. shares

ARTICLE

Print 
FBI informant Terri "Momma Bear" Linnell tells why she became an informant, and what she told the FBI during the Bundy occupation of the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge in Burns Oregon earlier this year, in her first-ever interview. The occupation of the refuge ended with the death of rancher Robert "LaVoy" Finicum and the arrests of dozens of other protestors. 
Only much of what she said was a lie, and interviewer Bobby Powell, Publisher of The Truth Is Viral news program, knew it. Eye-witness testimony from three separate individuals dispute Linnell's account of events during the raid of a campground in Maryland during Operation American Spring by more than 40 agents from the Department of Homeland Security, the FBI, Maryland State Police, and the Secret Service. 
The witnesses all say Linnell was escorted away from the campground by the Secret Service while her friends and fellow campers were on their knees with automatic assault rifles pointed at their heads for hours. 
There is also evidence to indicate, including a slip of Linnell's own tongue, that she has been an informant for the FBI, and possibly even a paid agent, since the Occupy Wall Street protests in 2010. shares

ARTICLE

Print 
Will the 2016 election be rigged? 
That depends on what the definition of 'is' is '“ and whether or not you count blatant media bias, operatives and instigators, shady quasi-voters, bizarre electronic voting 'errors' and a heavy-handed advantage in the electoral college and the shifting demographics of a socialist state that promises much to certain groups. 
With the GOP leadership turning its back on Trump, and the Democratic machine dedicated solely to providing for Her, it will be a difficult win for Trump, despite overwhelming enthusiasm at rallies across the entire country and lop-sided pro-Trump crowds that literally dwarf pro-Hillary gatherings of very few. 
But as most everyone knows by now, it isn't the popular vote that counts '“ but only the delegates awarded state-by-state to the electoral college'¦ and that is a game that Hillary's operatives are very good at playing. Daily News Brief: The 2016 Election Is In The Process Of Being Stolen With Rigged Voting Machines 
There are several states '“ in particular '“ that are being surprisingly maneuvered for her advantage'¦ and if successful, will block Trump from even coming close the presidency. Texas Could Turn 'Blue' For the First Time In 20 Years 
This is the big enchilada, so to speak. For the first time in many decades, Texas is in play for Hillary and the Democrats. Texas has been as solidly 'red' as any state in the union, but 2016 could be different. 
With 38 electoral votes, the Lone Star State is the biggest prize on the map next to California, whose 55 electoral votes have gone to the Democrats since before history began. Since at least 2008, the Dems have been massaging their electioneering strategy to capitalize on shifting demographics '“ with plenty of Hispanics in the next generation of voters. On paper, Hillary should be able to play well to Hispanics with all the controversy over Trump's immigration stances and talk of a border wall. Rumors of illegal immigrants be encouraged to vote could be a crucial factor, with polls in Texas close to neck and neck'¦ it could go either way. 
Of course, there is every reason to think that Team Hillary is not taking any chances. 
As Michael Snyder and many others have reported , electronic voting machines have been mysteriously flipping votes for Hillary in several counties in Texas'¦ and that doesn't bode well for a massive electoral prize that is within range for her campaign: 
Early voting has already begun in many states, and a number of voters in Texas are reporting that the voting machines switched their votes from Donald Trump to Hillary Clinton. The odd thing is that none of the other choices were affected when these individuals attempted to vote for a straight Republican ticket. If Hillary Clinton is declared the winner of the state of Texas on election night, a full investigation of these voting machines should be conducted, because there is no way that Donald Trump should lose that state. I have said that it will be the greatest miracle in U.S. political history if Donald Trump wins this election, but without the state of Texas Donald Trump has exactly zero chance of winning. 
At least one county is making an emergency switch to paper ballots after irregularities were found with the electronic machines during early voting. 
Meanwhile, Infowars confronted the head of Texas' elections about his decision to violate voter laws and abandon a manual count of a random sampling of 1-3% of votes (which should theoretically reflect the larger voting trend, unless something is fishy). Without that count, there is less accountability than ever: 
This is major issue, and Texas isn't the only state'¦ just the biggest. 
2. Utah's Independent Republican Could Actually Beat Trump 
OK, so Utah only has a grand total of 6 electoral college votes'¦ and has never been a decisive swing state in a presidential election. But that is because the state has been so solidly 'red.' However, this election is totally different. 
A little known independent candidate named Evan McMullin has actually taken the lead in several recent polls in Utah, and is neck-and-neck with both Trump and Hillary in several other polls (at or around 30% apiece). Libertarian Gary Johnson is also playing (relatively) well at about 5% '“ possibly enough to swing further momentum away form Trump. 
But Evan McMullin is the real surprise hit '“ in a state that is suddenly considered an important battleground in the election. 
McMullin is a Mormon, which gives him a significant boost. He is officially tied to Better for America, which is basically a #NeverTrump operation '“ backed by neocons like William Kristol. Perhaps unsurprisingly, Evan McMullin has a pretty colorful and telling background : on top of being a former policy director for House Republicans, he's also a former CIA operations officer; a member of the elite think tank Council on Foreign Relations (CFR); a former Goldman Sachs investment banker and a volunteer refugee resettlement officer for the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees in Jordan. 
Wow! I wonder if there could be an agenda there. Hillary probably won't win Utah, but Trump may not either '“ and it could make a crucial difference if he is within striking distance of 270 electoral votes. 
3. Florida Is a Must Win Swing State for Trump'¦ But Current Polls Show Possible Hillary Win 
Oh boy'¦ Florida all over again. With 29 electoral votes, it remains a major contender that is so often on the fence and swinging in the wind. It is considered essential for a Trump victory, and indeed for just about any successful Republican bid for the presidency. 
Sure, we all know the polls are rigged, and may be oversampling Dems to look better for Hillary on paper '“ but nonetheless, that perception drives expectations. 
If She can create a convincing win there, it could change the course of the election once again. Florida has consistently been the closest outcome '“ in 2008 and 2012 it went blue for Obama; in 2000 and 2004 it went red for Bush (and not without major controversy and some very shady recounting). 
Her team is pushing heavily for early voting in Florida, and so far they claim an early voting advantage. 
But campaign surrogate Roger Stone is now reporting that Hillary has met secretly with Broward County officials in Florida, and there is speculation that problems with the voting machines may soon be happening all over again. 
Pay very close to what happens there, because of course, Florida could be THE deciding state (again). Right now polls are within 2 points , currently in favor of Trump by a very narrow margin. 
4. Colorado Has Known Voting Fraud Issues '“ With Dead People on the Voter Rolls 
With 9 electoral votes, Colorado is currently swinging 'blue' but could go either way. CBS4 and the Washington Times reported that an investigation was started by Colorado's Secretary of State after multiple examples were found of deceased people registered and in the voter rolls: 
'This is the kind of thing you hear rumored, joked about in Chicago, that kind of thing,' Mr. Maasssaid during a Thursday evening broadcast. 'Tonight, that changes. We did find voter fraud in Colorado that essentially waters down your vote.' 
['¦] 
'This is the kind of thing you hear rumored, joked about in Chicago, that kind of thing,' Mr. Maasssaid during a Thursday evening broadcast. 'Tonight, that changes. We did find voter fraud in Colorado that essentially waters down your vote.' 
It's not clear whether or not Colorado could make a difference in the outcome, but the results could prove suspect. 
5. Hillary Is 'Leading' In These Key Swing States 
While Trump is expected to win the crucial state of Ohio, and also North Carolina, Hillary is projected to take key states including Pennsylvania, Colorado, Iowa, Virginia and Arizona. 
According to the Washington Post : 
if Clinton can hold Virginia, Pennsylvania, and Colorado, then she only needs one more out of many swing states '” New Hampshire, Nevada, Ohio, Iowa, North Carolina, or Florida '” barring any surprise Trump win in a blue-leaning state like Wisconsin. That is currently looking very plausible. 
While any of these could change in the actual outcome, it shows that Hillary has definitely maneuvered to win where it counts '“ not with the people, but with the electoral college. 
The details are too numerous to follow here, and anything could happen. 
6. You Know Voter Fraud Is Happening If the Media Claim It Isn't 
What should be very telling to everyone is how loudly the major media '“ in concert '“ are trying to debunk Trump's claims of voter fraud and insist that all is well when it is quite clear that there are major issues. 
This is one claim that the system is very afraid of, because quite frankly, they have a great deal to hide. 
There is more reason than ever for accountability, reporting on any irregularities and an insistence that the will of the people be respected '“ because the system is desperate to hold onto control at any cost. 
Article reposted with permission from SHTF Plan shares

ARTICLE

Print 
The deliberations of the Constitutional Convention of 1787 were held in strict secrecy. Citizens gathered outside Independence Hall in Philadelphia during the proceedings, attempting to learn what sort of government had been agreed upon behind closed doors. As he exited the Hall, a woman asked Benjamin Franklin, 'Well, Doctor, what have we got a republic or a monarchy?' 
Franklin responded, 'A republic, if you can keep it.' 
It's important to note that Franklin did not include the word democracy because the difference between a republic and a democracy is fundamental. The word republic comes from the Romans' word in Latin res publica '” which means 'the public thing.' 'Democracy,' on the other hand, invented by the Greeks, comes from their words demos and kratein , which means 'the peoples' rule.' Greek democracy meant majority rule. Yet, even during its first few decades of existence, the great Greek thinkers such as Plato and Aristotle rejected democracy as a bad form of governance, labeling it 'mob rule.' 
So we can confer on Franklin's response to that inquiring woman that he believed, in the wake of Britain's capitulation to Washington's revolutionary army, the Continental Congress had created a constitutional republic fashioned much more closely to the Roman representative Republic than the Athenian Democracy. 
But now, 230 years later, we must countenance the specter of a woman who has trafficked in national security secrets and is guilty of numerous felonies becoming the president of the United States. This has made me wondering if it might not be possible for the House of Representatives to begin impeachment proceedings against a President Clinton shortly after her election. So I resolved to contact various members of Congress to ask them if they wouldn't attempt impeachment as a means to fulfill their oaths of office to preserve and protect the constitution. 
I first made contact with Congressman Tom McClintock of the 4 th District of Northern California. What follows is our interview: 
Kelley: Do you agree with my contention that a Hillary presidency would mean that we would be a post constitutional republic? 
McClintock: I'm afraid we may already have entered the post-constitutional phase of American history. The fundamental architecture of the American Republic '“ the separation of powers and the Bill of Rights '“ is already breaking down. The question now is whether we will enter the restoration period or the decline period of our free government. I think a Hillary Clinton presidency has the potential of taking us past a tipping point that makes restoration of the Constitution much more difficult and unlikely. 
K: What do you think the ramifications of her election would be? 
If the current justices all serve until their actuarial age, the next President will make four appointments to the Supreme Court. Clinton and Justice Ginsburg have made it very clear that once a lock-step leftist majority is cemented into that court, their first two objectives are reversing Citizens United and Heller, which would have dire implications to our First and Second Amendment rights. I would expect that due process protections will begin falling quickly thereafter to enable, among other things, the prosecution of dissenters from leftist global warming orthodoxy. And even if the election of 2020 produced a Republican president with overwhelming Republican congressional majorities, any serious reform legislation could be expected to be struck down by a court whose majority will view its role as policy-making rather than upholding the Constitution. I could add the catastrophic impact of her 'open borders' program that has devastated Europe and her intention to further increase taxes and regulatory burdens that could deal a knock-out blow to our faltering economy. 
K: What do you think the likelihood would be of her immediate impeachment? 
M: Zero. Impeachment requires 2/3 of the Senate, which would be a political impossibility. 
K: If it cannot remove a known felonious president who, as Secretary of State, compromised national security, has Congress lost its power to be a check on the executive branch? 
M: The Constitution was written to be self-enforcing. But that only works as long as its powers are evenly divided; which, in turn, only works if the officials who exercise its powers are obedient to that Constitution; which, in turn, only works if 'we, the people,' through our votes, insist on it. When we stop insisting on it, we forfeit our Constitution and the freedoms it protects. Lincoln was right: 'If destruction be our lot, we must, ourselves be its author and finisher. As a nation of free men, we are destined to live for all time, or die by suicide.' 
K: But even if there were no chance she could be removed, wouldn't simply the filing of impeachment articles be a historic way for those who wish to remain obedient to the Constitution to voice a powerful rejection of her lawlessness? 
M: Larry, you're dreaming. There's no do-over for this election. (End of Interview). 
As a nation, we've had a pretty good two-hundred-year run. But as Ben Franklin warned and Congressman McClintock fears, we may now have not kept or constitutional republic. 
Article reposted with permission from LarryKelley.com shares

ARTICLE

Print 
With the Western United States being overrun by federal tyranny, one of the methods that is used by perpetrators to gain additional control is the use of treaties. It has been reported of late that a treaty is the 'supreme law of the land,' even taking precedence over the US Constitution. But, is that really true? Who better to ask that question of than two bona fide treaty experts, Elain Willman and Lawrence Kogan, Esq.? I was delighted when they both agreed to stop by the NorthWest Liberty News studios in Kalispell, Montana, to enlighten us on the very important distinction between a treaty and the US Constitution. Please take time to view the brief video below as Elaine and Larry drill down to the real truth. 
Article reposted with permission from North West Liberty News shares

ARTICLE

Print 
The headlines are in. Trump is the 'anti-Democratic' candidate because he refuses to rule out challenging the results of an election that has yet to take place. Such a course of action is 'beyond the pale.' It's a threat to democracy. And it is utterly and thoroughly unacceptable. 
Except when Democrats do it. 
It was the day after the election. While the Democratic Party faithful waited in the rain in Nashville, William Daley strode out and announced, 'Our campaign continues.' Al Gore had called George W. Bush to withdraw his concession. 'Are you saying what I think you're saying?" a baffled Bush asked. 'You don't have to be snippy about it," Gore retorted snippily. 
Gore did eventually concede. Though years later he would attempt to retract his concession a second time. But his political movement never did concede. It remained a widespread belief in left-wing circles that President Bush was illegitimately elected and that President Gore was the real winner. 
How mainstream is that belief? 
When Hillary dragged Gore away from playing with his Earth globe to campaign for her, the crowd booed at his mention of the election and then chanted, 'You won, you won.' 
Hillary grinned and nodded. 
Hillary Clinton has always believed that President Bush illegitimately took office. She has told Democrats that Bush was 'selected' rather than 'elected'. In Nigeria, of all places, she implied that Jeb Bush had rigged the election for his brother. 
But it's not unprecedented, beyond the pale or utterly unacceptable when Democrats do it. 
It's just business as usual. 
The media's focus has been on whether Trump would accept the results if he loses. Yet a better question might be whether Hillary Clinton would accept her defeat. 
Even when it came to the battle for the Democratic nomination, Hillary Clinton refused to concede defeat until the bitter end and then past it. Not only did Hillary refuse to drop out even when Obama was the clear winner, while her people threatened a convention floor fight, but she insisted on staying on in the race for increasingly bizarre and even downright disturbing reasons. 
In South Dakota, Hillary explained that there was no reason for her to drop out because somebody might shoot Barack Obama, "We all remember Bobby Kennedy was assassinated in June in California." 
There's something disturbing in the revelation that Hillary was basing her decision to stay in the race in the hope that her rival would be assassinated. 
Obama's spokesman said that her remark 'has no place in this campaign'. But it had a place inside Hillary Clinton's very warped brain which preferred to see Obama die than concede the election to him. 
If that's how Hillary felt about a fellow Democrat, imagine how she feels about Trump. 
Even after Obama had clinched the delegate votes, Hillary's speech brought back the Gore argument insisting that, 'Nearly 18 million of you cast your votes for our campaign, carrying the popular vote with more votes than any primary candidate in history. Even when the pundits and the naysayers proclaimed week after week that this race was over, you kept on voting.' 
Then the fabulously wealthy Hillary asked those 18 million people to go to her website and give her money while refusing to make any decision on ending her campaign. It took her another day to do that. 
It's not as if the Obama side was any better. It was arguably worse. Governor Wilder, an Obama ally, threatened a return of the 1968 Chicago Democratic convention riots if Hillary won. "If you think 1968 was bad, you watch; in 2008, it will be worse,' Wilder warned. 
Unprecedented. Outrageous. Beyond the pale. Except this is how Democrats act even to each other. 
Now how would they respond to a Trump victory? Would they urge Hillary to concede or to fight on? Would they stage more riots while claiming voter disenfranchisement had stolen the election? 
Hillary Clinton has made it clear that she views Trump's candidacy as illegitimate. She has called him 'unfit' and described his supporters as 'deplorables.' Democrats, all the way up to the White House, are constantly accusing Republicans of scheming to disenfranchise voters. These 'schemes' involve asking undocumented Democrats to show some ID instead of relying on an honor system and removing illegitimate voters from the rolls. But beyond enabling voter fraud, such arguments can easily be employed to attack the legitimacy of a Republican winner. They provide the fodder for another Florida. 
Does anyone really believe that Hillary Clinton, who couldn't even graciously concede to Obama will graciously concede to Trump? 
And, given the fact that Hillary won the nomination by using the DNC to rig the process, leading to the resignation of Debbie Wasserman Schultz , are Trump's concerns of a rigged election illegitimate? 
Donald Trump has clarified that he would accept 'a clear election result' but that he was 'being asked to waive centuries of legal precedent designed to protect the voters.' 
And he's right. No one preemptively cedes elections. And Hillary Clinton has faced accusations of abusive and fraudulent tactics from Democratic rivals in two different presidential elections. 
Why should Republicans assume that she'll treat them better than she treated Barack Obama and Bernie Sanders? 
Not all that long ago, the left wanted Gore to fight to the bitter end. A Gore adviser recalled, "People were calling us from everywhere, telling us, 'Don't concede.'" Left-wing voices urged Bernie Sanders to stay in the race long after it became obvious that the left-winger had no realistic path to victory left. 
But the same behavior that is virtuous when Democrats do it becomes an unpardonable sin when Republicans take it up. 
That's a pernicious double standard that cannot and should not be allowed to stand. 
When Democrats warn of voter disenfranchisement, the media backs them up. When Republicans complain about voter fraud, they are accused of voter suppression. When Democrats fight elections past the point that they're lost, then they are courageous. But when Republicans do it, they are a threat to democracy. 
But democracy does not mean Democratic Party rule. That's just the mistake that the media makes. 
Whatever rules we have, run both ways. Any practices, new or old, also apply to both sides. If challenging election results is legitimate, then it is so for both sides. Whatever options were available to Gore and Hillary cannot help but be available to Trump. 
That is how democracy, rather than Democratic Party rule, works. 
Article reposted with permission from Sultan Knish shares

ARTICLE

Print 
The bombshells about this criminal are now breaking daily. It's not a question of Trump, it is an imperative that Hillary be defeated. If the people choose Hillary, then they must and will be punished. 
'Wikileaks: Bill Clinton Boasts of Hillary's 'Working Relationship' with Muslim Brotherhood,' By John Hayward , Breitbart, October 26, 2016: 
In a speech Bill Clinton gave at the home of Mehul and Hema Sanghani in October 2015, revealed to the public for the first time by WikiLeaks, former President Bill Clinton touted Hillary Clinton's 'working relationship' with the Muslim Brotherhood 's Mohamed Morsi in Egypt as an example of her diplomatic skills.President Clinton also gave his wife a lot of credit for negotiating the Iran nuclear deal, in a passage that began with the standard Democrat 'stuff happens' shrugging defense for foreign policy failures: 
Finally, we live in a world, as I said, that's full of good news and bad news. The United States cannot control it all, but we need a president who's most likely to make as many good things happen as possible, and most likely to prevent big, bad things from happening. You can't keep every bad thing from happening; who's most likely to be able to get people involved in a positive way. Even the people who don't like the Iran nuclear agreement concede it never would have happened if it hadn't been for the sanctions. Hillary negotiated those sanctions and got China and Russia to sign off '“ something I thought she'd never be able to do. I confess. I'm never surprised by anything she does, but that surprised me. I didn't think she could do it. The Chinese and the Russians to see past their short-term self-interest to their long-term interest and not sparking another nuclear arms race. 
And when the Muslim Brotherhood took over in Egypt, in spite of the fact that we were (inaudible), she developed a working relationship with the then-president and went there and brokered a ceasefire to stop a full-scale shooting war between Israel and Hamas in Gaza, which on top of what was going on in Syria and the (inaudible) Jordan would have been a calamity for the world. 
And when we were trying to reset our relations with Russia under President Medvedev, she and her team negotiated a New START Treaty, which limits warheads and missiles. And she lobbied it through the Senate. She had to get 67 votes, which means a lot of these Republicans who say that they don't like her now are just kidding for election season. They trusted her, and she got it passed. You can't get 67 votes in the Senate without a lot of Republican support. And I don't know about you, but with all this tension and Mr. Putin trying to affect the outcome of the conflict in Syria, I think it's a very good thing that we're in a lower risk of any kind of accidental nuclear conflict with the Russians. She did that. 
You'll rarely find a more tortured political framing of the Iran debacle than Bill Clinton boasting that the sanctions Barack Obama lifted were super-awesome, as even those who don't think those sanctions should have been lifted agree. 
Mr. Clinton's version of the Iran sanctions leaves out a few details , such as Russia's keen financial interest in keeping Iranian energy out of the European market, and China's desire to use Iran sanctions as a geopolitical bargaining chip. 
But the part about the Muslim Brotherhood is most interesting. If anything, he is selling Hillary Clinton's 'working relationship' with Egyptian Islamists short, because she used American diplomatic leverage for Morsi's benefit even before he got elected, warning Egyptians about 'backtracking' to a military regime at a key moment of the post-Mubarak campaign, when Morsi was running against a former member of Hosni Mubarak's military. There have long been rumors that more subtle forms of U.S. ' pressure ' were used to secure Morsi's office, as well. 
Then again, in public pronouncements, Clinton called Hosni Mubarak's tottering regime 'stable' and cautioned her Obama Administration colleagues against 'pushing a longtime partner out the door.' 
A few days ago, declassified State Department documents revealed Clinton's talking points for a 2012 meeting with Morsi hailed his election as a 'milestone in Egypt's transition to democracy,' and stated that she was to offer the Muslim Brotherhood leader 'technical expertise and assistance from both the U.S. government and private sector to support his economic and social programs.' 
Clinton was also supposed to privately offer Morsi assistance with his police and security forces, which would be conducted 'quite discreetly.' 
After Morsi was gone, she declared herself exasperated with Egyptian political culture and declared herself a cynical 'realist.' That is pretty much the opposite of what everyone in the Obama Administration was saying while the 'Arab Spring' was in the midst of springing its little surprises on autocratic but America-aligned (or at least America-fearing) regimes, which we were all supposed to feel guilty about selfishly supporting for so long. 
As for Clinton's superb working relationship with Morsi, that eventually ended with Morsi's wife railing against Clinton for supposedly dismissing him as 'a simpleton who was unfit for the presidency,' and threatening to publish letters from Clinton to Morsi that would damage the former U.S. Secretary of State. Meanwhile, Mohammed Morsi is developing a solid working relationship with the Egyptian penitentiary system . 
Egypt has one of those icky military governments again, and while it won't have fond memories of Hillary Clinton's support for the Muslim Brotherhood regime, it will most likely work with whoever wins the 2016 U.S. presidential election. Therefore, a prospective President Hillary Clinton probably won't suffer too much from Secretary of State Hillary Clinton's appalling lapses in judgment. 
Article reposted with permission from PamelaGeller.com

ARTICLE

Print 
Many look at the new healthcare system with their higher premiums and wonder what has happened. Why are their coverages shrinking and their premiums growing? Some have come to the conclusion that the system itself is to blame. They believe that Obamacare is broken? 
What they fail to recognize is that this is not the case at all. What we see as failing to make insurance better has made it worse, but it is simply a problem of ignorance. We just are not smart enough to know the truth. Higher premiums and less coverage is the point, it seems. 
Breitbart reports : 
On Wednesday's broadcast of 'CNN Newsroom,' MIT Economics Professor and Obamacare architect Jonathan Gruber argued that 'The law is working as designed. However, it could work better. And I think probably the most important thing experts would agree on is that, we need a larger mandate penalty.' 
Gruber said, 'Obamacare's not imploding. The main goal of Obamacare was two-fold. One was to cover the uninsured, of which we've covered 20 million, the largest expansion in American history. The other was to fix broken insurance markets where insurers could deny people insurance just because they were sick or they had been sick. Those have been fixed, and for the vast majority of Americans, costs in those markets have come down, thanks to the subsidies made available under Obamacare.' 
So basically, everything that is being reported is not accurate. There is no reason to think that all of the insurers are bailing like rats on a sinking ship. It just appears that way. This is little more that fool's hope so that there will not be a mass exit from the exchange. 
But, unfortunately, people no longer demand proof. They simply take a man like this at his word. So, he will get away with telling Chicken Little that the sky is not falling; even while it is coming down on his head. 
When you chase emptiness, God will let you catch it. 
Article reposted with permission from Constitution.com shares

ARTICLE

Print 
Obamacare is once again in the news '“ this time for the massive rate hikes Americans have to look forward to in a few months. The right is decrying the hikes, as the left desperately tries to down-play them or just deflect and change the subject. 
Citizens already stretched to their budgetary limits are wondering how on Earth they will ever be able to afford the insurance premiums '“ some rising well over 50%. I personally fail to see how a family who is struggling to pay their current premiums will ever be able swing even a 15 or 20% increase, much less 50%. 
Combine the massive rate hikes with the availability of insurers, which shrink every year, and you have a recipe for mass financial disaster. Can you say a record year for personal bankruptcy? Yeah '“ I think so. And always remember '“ Obamacare is just shoddy health insurance. It is NOT healthcare, as everyone on the left consistently and purposely sells it. The left does like their word games. 
But, as has been said a myriad of times from us on the right '“ Obamacare is a fiasco by design. It is a premeditated failure. A single-payer, entirely government-run system has always been the end. Obamacare was always intended to be the deceptive means to that end. 
As a single-payer healthcare system is the want of the leftist statists, let me site yet another example of what the future holds for many in the good ole U.S. of A. 
Jolly old England is said to have the 'best of both worlds' '“ private and public healthcare; but in fact, only the wealthiest 5-7% can afford the private care, leaving the rest to the public option '“ which is far from adequate. 
Inadequate care and hopelessly long wait times just to receive the sub-par care is the rule in England, not the exception. 
In 2011, the UK Telegraph reported that, 'NHS [National Health Service] managers are deliberately delaying operations as they wait for patients either to die or go private in order to save money, according to an official report.' That's right. In order to cut costs, bureaucrats at the NHS have become defacto 'death panels.' Sound familiar? 
One such poor sap who just recently ended up caught in the maze of the British healthcare bureaucracy is Paul Dibbins, a former British Army Lance Corporal. The father of three had suffered serious frost bite. After months of trying to heal his toes, he had developed gangrene. 
The NHS scheduled surgery to remove his lower leg '“ below the knee. Without the surgery, the gangrene would spread, eventually killing him. A grim outlook either way, but having no lower leg is better than an agonizing death, he thought. 
Unfortunately for the former soldier, the NHS made him wait six weeks for the procedure. And then something happened. At the eleventh hour, NHS postponed the surgery yet again, for another six weeks '“ no doubt, in an attempt to cut costs. 
Mr. Dibbins was desperate at this point and decided to do the only thing he could. He said: 'Knowing that it would take at least another six weeks to get me in front of a surgeon again, that's when I bit the bullet and cut off the toes.' 
And that he did. Using no painkillers at all, Dibbins scraped away the dead flesh from his two blackened toes and proceeded to sever the tendons with the only thing he had available '“ a pair of nail clippers. The procedure took him about an hour to remove both affected toes. A surgeon later told him he was crazy, but that the home-style operation was 'textbook.' 
So, as we proceed further down the path of a single-payer, government run healthcare system, home surgery may also be in our future '“ as Washington bureaucrats and death panels decide which of us is worth saving. 
I better dust off my old game of ' Operation ' and start practicing. shares

ARTICLE

Print There will be no end to History until there is an end to events. Current events are the History of the future. However, History can be lost. People can ignore their past, live only in the now, and leave their future to chance. History provides the opportunity to learn from the mistakes of others, as well as the chance to build upon what others have learned. To ignore these two paths to success gives life to the notion that failure to plan is planning to fail. All Americans should cherish their History. We left a known and secure world for a new one. We turned an untamed land into one bustling with enterprise and development. We stood against the world's greatest superpower to assert that all men are created equal and are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights and that among them are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. We made it through a sectarian war and clawed our way from the outskirts of an Atlantic culture to the pinnacle of global dominance. Our industry, our education, our health care system, our culture , and our military became the epitome of western civilization and the envy of the entire world. There was a time in America when every child was infused with the story of America rising from nothing to the apex of power, a time when everyone was taught in Civics class about the declaration of Independence, the Constitution, and the melting pot that made us the embodiment of E pluribus unum : out of many, one. Today, after the Progressives and that destroyer of education, the Department of Education, has worked for generations to dumb us down from individuals using personal freedom to succeed to induhviduals using a pack mentality to follow the herd to a ride in the entitlement hammock . Now, we glory in being a smelting pot where the cheerleaders of fragmentation parrot, 'Diversity is our strength,' as we unravel into warring factions. Hyphenated Americans of every color, creed, and ethnicity now jockey for their place in the queue as government goodies are doled out to preferred groups. Where we are today: A culture of death swallows a culture of life. A terminally ill Californian woman determined to be with her four young children for as long as she could was reportedly denied an expensive chemotherapy treatment '” but won approval for a lethal drug to legally end her life. We even have a presidential candidate who says we have to ban guns to save the children, yet we need to keep partial birth abortions legal to kill the babies, and no one in the media has the insight or the integrity to call her on it. Not only is New York's Sixth Crime Family guilty of pay to play, they are also guilty of bribe to walk: The charge - A Hillary Clinton ally donated almost $500,000 to the campaign of the wife of an FBI official who helped oversee the agency's probe of Clinton's email server. The particulars - Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe, a longtime ally of Bill and Hillary Clinton, donated almost $500,000 to the campaign of Dr. Jill McCabe, wife of Federal Bureau of Investigation deputy director Andrew McCabe. A serial liar, unindicted co-conspirator with a notoriously philandering husband is going to win the votes of millions of low information voters, government dependents, and dead people. Early voting has started, and not only is the expected fraud showing up immediately, the imported voters are turning out en mass for open borders and an end to America as America: Residents of at least two cities in Texas are complaining that they voted for Donald Trump , only to see the voting machine switch their ballot to Hillary Clinton . And illegal immigrants have been caught on tape stuffing ballot boxes during early voting. Corruption is accepted as the norm in today's America, with a totally corrupt Hillary Clinton presented as a viable presidential candidate. Bill Clinton's type of lewd behavior, once considered unacceptable, is swept under the rug as our culture sinks to its lowest common denominator. Life is being swallowed by death, and a shining city on the hill is being remade into a squalid third world hell hole that will use our grandchildren as beasts of burden to support the human debris of failed states. The America of 'Give us liberty or give us death' has morphed into 'Give me bread and circuses.' Throw a six pack over the fence and beam a game to the flat screen and the descendants of the pioneers are ready to roll over and cash their next government check. This may be the trail chosen for us by the blind guides of the left. This may be the end of western civilization and the death of life conjured up by the globalist puppet masters who pull the strings in this final act of the Progressive Putsch; however, I choose another way. I choose to vote for Donald Trump. I choose to vote for America first. Two things ring in my mind as I contemplate this election: ' I call heaven and earth as witnesses today against you, that I have set before you life and death, blessing and cursing; therefore choose life, that both you and your descendants may live; 20 that you may love the Lord your God, that you may obey His voice, and that you may cling to Him, for He is your life and the length of your days; and that you may dwell in the land which the Lord swore to your fathers, to Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, to give them.' And ' And if it seems evil to you to serve the Lord, choose for yourselves this day whom you will serve, whether the gods which your fathers served that were on the other side of the River, or the gods of the Amorites, in whose land you dwell. But as for me and my house, we will serve the Lord.' shares

ARTICLE

Print 
If you look at the numbers, there is no way that Hillary Clinton could possibly win the election without the support of a substantial percentage of evangelical Christian voters. In fact, if evangelical Christians stuck together they could pretty much elect whoever they want as president. According to the Pew Research Center, 35 percent of all adults in the United States identify themselves as 'evangelical' or 'born again', and it has been estimated that there are 94 million evangelical Christian adults in this country. If evangelical Christians acted as a single voting block they could determine the outcome of every single presidential election. Unfortunately, that simply is not going to happen. 
A survey that was recently conducted by LifeWay Research found that only 45 percent of Christian evangelicals plan to vote for Donald Trump and 31 percent of Christian evangelicals plan to vote for Hillary Clinton. 
That same survey discovered that moral issues are becoming increasingly unimportant to evangelical voters'¦ Overall, the economy is the top concern for Americans regardless of religious affiliation (30%). National security (17%) and personal character (17%) also are significant issues. Supreme Court nominees (10%), immigration (5%), religious freedom (2%), and abortion (1%) are less important . 'For churchgoers and those with evangelical beliefs, their pocketbook and personal safety are paramount,' said McConnell. 'Moral issues aren't a priority for many of them.' 
I don't know how in the world abortion could come in at only 1 percent. Even if you add 'Supreme Court nominees' and abortion together, you still only get a total of 11 percent. 
This just shows that evangelicals in America have their priorities way out of order. 
And unfortunately for Donald Trump, he is getting a lot less support from evangelicals than other recent presidential candidates received. According to the New York Times , previous candidates have generally received about 80 percent support from white evangelical voters, but Donald Trump is only getting about 65 to 70 percent support, and his numbers among non-white evangelicals are absolutely dismal. 
If you are an evangelical Christian and you have reservations about Donald Trump, I can respect that. But there will be other names on the ballot and you do not have to vote for Hillary Clinton. As I have said before, a vote for Hillary Clinton is an act of unmitigated wickedness. 
Hillary Clinton has made support for abortion one of the central pillars of her long political career. In fact, I don't know if there is any politician in America that is more associated with abortion than Hillary Clinton. Since Roe v. Wade was decided in 1973, more than 58 million babies have been murdered in the United States, and Hillary Clinton's hands are drenched with their blood. 
If you vote for Hillary Clinton, your hands will be drenched with their blood too. 
Needless to say, I am absolutely horrified that so many prominent evangelical leaders have come out in support of Hillary Clinton during this election season. For example, a group that represents over 6,000 Latino evangelical churches has just announced that they are endorsing Hillary Clinton '¦ 
An organization representing more than 6,000 Latino evangelical churches in the U.S. is endorsing Hillary Clinton over Donald Trump. 
In a statement Thursday, the group OPEN USA says Clinton has proven her willingness to engage in difficult conversations, listen to contrasting opinions and engage faith leaders. 
Meanwhile, 75 evangelical leaders recently signed a petition on Change.org that strongly denounces Donald Trump'¦ 
We, undersigned evangelicals, simply will not tolerate the racial, religious, and gender bigotry that Donald Trump has consistently and deliberately fueled, no matter how else we choose to vote or not to vote. 
One of the truly alarming trends that we have been seeing this election season is the number of prominent women in the evangelical movement that are openly rejecting Donald Trump and embracing Hillary Clinton. The following is a short excerpt from a recent Washington Post article that examined this phenomenon'¦ 
When Jen Hatmaker speaks to stadiums full of Christian women, she regales them with stories about her five children and her garden back in Austin, Tex. '” and stays away from politics. But recently she took to Facebook and Instagram to blast Donald J. Trump as a 'national disgrace,' and remind her legions of followers that there are other names on the ballot in November. 
And Christianity Today recently published an editorial from one of the top female evangelical leaders in the entire country in which she publicly endorsed Hillary Clinton. According to Christianity Today, Deborah Fikes is 'the former Permanent Representative to the United Nations for World Evangelical Alliance, which represents a constituency of 650 million with alliance offices in 129 countries.' Fikes says that she stepped down from some of her leadership positions so that she could openly advocate for Clinton '¦ My recent resignations from evangelical leadership positions to endorse Hillary Clinton speaks volumes of how important I believe it is that she is elected in November. The toxic tone and atmosphere that surrounds Mr. Trump and is fueled among his supporters has done irreparable damage to not only our country and the future of the GOP but also to the public witness of evangelicals in America who are seen as some of his biggest supporters. There is no question in my mind or spirit that with the overwhelming challenges the next American president will face, Hillary Clinton is the most qualified person who has ever run for the Oval Office . On the issues of our national security, economic stability, seeing that healthcare reform continues to move forward, and tackling domestic challenges of poverty, inequality, and racism, we need her to be the person occupying this office. 
A lot of these women seem to think that abortion shouldn't be a major issue in this election, but that is like saying that the Holocaust shouldn't have been a major issue in Nazi Germany. 
Look, you don't have to vote for Donald Trump or anyone else to be a good Christian. 
But if you cast a vote for Hillary Clinton, you are casting a vote for the most evil, wicked and corrupt politician that this nation has possibly ever seen, and you are publicly endorsing the sinful positions that she is proud to stand for. 
I know that I have been writing about the election a lot lately , but I feel that it is very important that I do so. Most of the media coverage has focused on Donald Trump , but I feel that this election is far more about Hillary Clinton. The things that her and her husband have done have been well documented, and if the American people willingly choose her they will know exactly what they are doing. 
Unfortunately, not even Christians are standing united against the Clintons. The political divide in the evangelical Christian world has grown so deep that it has even reached Liberty University. The following comes from the Atlantic '¦ 
That's why it was such a big deal when, two weeks ago, a group of Liberty students put out a letter explaining why they're standing against the Republican presidential nominee. Jerry Falwell Jr., who has run the school since his father died in 2007, announced his support for Donald Trump back in January, and he has since spoken on the candidate's behalf in interviews and at events. 'We are Liberty students who are disappointed with President Falwell's endorsement and are tired of being associated with one of the worst presidential candidates in American history,' the students wrote. 'Donald Trump does not represent our values and we want nothing to do with him.' 
Thousands of people signed onto the letter, including, the students said, roughly 2,000 students or alumni with liberty.edu email addresses.Dustin Wahl and Alex Forbes, two of the letter's authors, were featured on MSNBC and CNN. They said they received supportive emails and tweets from Russell Moore, the head of the political arm of the Southern Baptist Convention, and Erick Erickson, the conservative radio-show host. 
And the support for Clinton is particularly strong among young adult evangelicals. When I read the following paragraph on the website of the New York Times , I was absolutely astounded'¦ 
Kate Shellnutt, 30, the online editor of Christianity Today and editor of the CT Women section, said she had observed that 'the millennial generation has a lot less patience for Trump.' Of the 33 influential millennial evangelicals she profiled for a cover story two years ago, she says she can now find only one, Lila Rose, who is pro-Trump, and even she has been publicly critical of him . Several have been using the hashtag #NeverTrump, Ms. Shellnutt said. 
The frightening thing is that this election might be the last chance for evangelical Christians to shape the political direction of this nation, because the truth is that demographics are rapidly shifting, and this includes the demographics of the evangelical community '¦ 
As Robert Jones has expertly documented in his recent book The End of White Christian America , the number of older, conservative, white male evangelicals is shrinking each year. Meanwhile, the number of younger evangelicals of all ethnic backgrounds '” whose moral and political views extend far beyond positions on gay marriage and abortion '” is on the rise. 
If you follow my work regularly, then you already know that I have very little hope for the future of America. 
But if Hillary Clinton is elected, there will be exactly zero hope. 
If evangelical Christians stood united, they could stop her, but at this point it appears that is not going to happen. 
Take a look at the future of America: The Beginning of the End and then prepare shares

ARTICLE

Print 
For all the mainstream media driven commenters and constitutionally illiterate people who have been badmouthing the Bundys and their stand at the Oregon Malheur Wildlife Reserve, both Bundy brothers, along with five others, have been found not guilty on all charges. 
The Associated Press reports : 
PORTLAND, Ore. (AP) - A federal jury has found Ammon Bundy and his six co-defendants not guilty on all charges for taking over a federal wildlife refuge in eastern Oregon earlier this year. 
'¦ 
Led by Bundy, the defendants were part of a group that occupied the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge last winter. They were charged with conspiring to impede Interior Department employees from doing their jobs, through force, threat or intimidation. 
The defendants said they were engaging in a peaceful protest, pressing their case against federal control of Western lands and the imprisonment of two ranchers convicted of setting fires. 
The jury was also deciding whether four of them are guilty of possessing a firearm in a federal facility. Two defendants, Ryan Bundy and Kenneth Medenbach, were charged with theft of government property. 
One juror was dismissed during deliberations and an alternate was brought in. The jury was in its fourth day of deliberations when Judge Anna Brown asked them for a verdict. 
"A very quick verdict almost always means a verdict for the government," said Medenbach's attorney, Matthew Schindler. 
"The level of deliberation that's been undertaken in this case means we have jurors who are very interested in applying the burden of proof and making sure a complicated allegation of conspiracy has actually been proved in this case. It's not as simple as showing that people were at the refuge." 
Marcus Mumford, Ammon Bundy's attorney was taken into custody by US Marshals following his repeated claim that his client was free to go. Several people claimed he was tased , while others alleged he was tackled. 
John Lamb released a video of emotional reaction to the verdict. 
Posted by John Lamb on Thursday, October 27, 2016 
Others reacted similarly.

ARTICLE

Truth Bomb from Rasmussen: More Americans Want Hilary Indicted Than Elected! 
And the list goes on'¦(Proverbs 24:21; Hebrews 4:13) 
Now Hillary and the foreign agent in the people's White House, Barack Hussein Obama, are being exposed for voter rigging . Obama has been visited 45 times out of his 340 visits to the White House by election rigging guru and former prison inmate Robert Creamer . 
The new scapegoat for Obama and Clinton is Russia. They are now being blamed for the crime when it is Clinton and Obama who are literally exposed in their own corruptions. 
America, do not be diverted from these diplomatic magicians from hell (John 8:44-45). The Clintons have been selling uranium ore to the Russians . This is now World Wrestling Entertainment on a global scale, as they continue to play off of each other. They are not archenemies. They are allied in crime together, period. 
Furthermore, like that of the Bushes, China, Russia and America, as well as the Pope, they are all calling for the new world. They are allied with the covenant of Hell, which I remind you disannulled (Isaiah 28:15-18). 
Many are wondering why Hillary Clinton is even up on the platform during debates. It comes to this, the American people have been soft on these corrupt criminals, and have been soft on themselves. However, God will not be soft (Nahum 1:3), and these corrupt individuals have been encouraged to act out in a more corrupt manner. 
Americans have also allowed the appeasers that identify themselves as prosecutors and government oversight to talk big . Yet, they produce nothing when it comes to justice (Amos 5:7). They are the fox in the chicken coop, acting as if they actually mean what they say. They are protecting themselves as much as the establishment in which they are a part. 
Then there are those who pose as some sort of patriotic representatives when, in fact, they are the same people that have given Barack a pass every step of the way. These are a few of those who are the establishment: Colin Powell

ARTICLE

Email 
Rebutting the Justice Department's assertion that the government can dictate where people can engage in religious activity, attorneys for The Rutherford Institute have asked the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia to reject the government's motion to dismiss the lawsuit challenging the Supreme Court's prohibition on First Amendment activities on its own front porch. 
The lawsuit, Payden-Travers v. Talkin , contends that the government's restrictions on expressive activity in the plaza fronting the U.S. Supreme Court violate the Religious Freedom Restoration Act. The Supreme Court issued the ban on expressive activity in response to a June 2013 ruling in another lawsuit, Hodge v. Talkin , also filed by Rutherford Institute attorneys, challenging a 60-year-old statute banning expressive activities on the Supreme Court plaza. The federal district court declared the 60-year-old statute to be 'unreasonable, substantially overbroad, and irreconcilable with the First Amendment.' In May 2016, the Supreme Court upheld its own ban on expressive activity in Hodge . 
In challenging the Court's prohibitions on expressive activity as they relate to religious expression, Rutherford Institute attorneys argue the plaza prohibition violates the Religious Freedom Restoration Act, which says the government must have a compelling interest in order to intrude on someone's religious liberty, and it must do so in the least restrictive way. Affiliate attorney Jeffrey Light is assisting The Rutherford Institute with the First Amendment lawsuit. 
'There are a good many things that are repugnant to the Constitution right now: mass surveillance of Americans, roadside strip searches, forcible DNA extractions, SWAT team raids, civil commitments for criticizing the government, etc.,' said constitutional attorney John W. Whitehead, president of The Rutherford Institute and author of Battlefield America: The War on the American People . 'However, for the U.S. Supreme Court to overtly prohibit expressive activity on its grounds shows exactly how perverse our so-called system of justice has become.' 
The plaza area in front of the Supreme Court is oval in shape and approximately 252 feet in length, is open 24-hours a day and is no different than other traditional public fora such as parks and sidewalks. The plaza has historically been used for First Amendment activities, including press conferences, tourists conversations, and filming of scenes for movies. Nevertheless, a 60-year-old statute broadly made it unlawful to display any flag, banner, or device designed to bring into public notice a party, organization, or movement while on the grounds of the U.S. Supreme Court, thereby banning expressive activity on the Supreme Court plaza. 
In January 2012, The Rutherford Institute filed a lawsuit, Hodge v. Talkin , on behalf of a political activist who was charged with violating the statute by silently standing on the plaza with a sign protesting police brutality. In June 2013, U.S. District Court Judge Beryl L. Howell ruled that the statute was unconstitutionally overbroad, facially unconstitutional and void. Just two days after this ruling, the Supreme Court adopted Regulation 7, which attempts to reinstate the restrictions struck down by Judge Howell by banning any 'demonstration' on the Supreme Court grounds, which is broadly defined by Regulation 7 to include all forms of conduct communicating views or grievances that might draw onlookers. 
Article reposted with permission from The Rutherford Institute Don't forget to Like Freedom Outpost on Facebook , Google Plus , & Twitter . You can also get Freedom Outpost delivered to your Amazon Kindle device here .

ARTICLE

Email 
A tidal wave is coming. 
Michael Moore, a liberal's liberal who holds die-hard loyalty to Hillary Clinton , is acknowledging what everyone with a clear head recognizes: that she doesn't even remotely connect with the average voter, doesn't understand their problems '“ and above all, doesn't care about them. 
Although Moore can't support Donald Trump , he seems to admire his ability to resonate with the actual problems that the people who formerly made up the middle class are going through '“ economic and otherwise. Moore, like Trump, understands the pulse of the people, though they differ in just about every other way. 
This election represents a pivotal point, and an end of the line for the deal that people once held with their leaders. After decades of broken promises and deals to sell them short and sell them out, people have had enough. 
THAT'S what this election is about. 
Right or wrong, Trump represents a rebuke of the system '“ as Moore calls it, the ultimate 'F'“'“'“ You' ever directed at the system. 
Listen to the audio of what Moore said ( Warning: Foul Language ): 
Here's some of what he said in an epic rant (reportedly excerpted from his rush-election film Trumpland) that is strangely validating of Trump's entire campaign: 
Whether Trump means it or not, it's kind of irrelevant because he's saying the things that people who are hurting. And it's why every beaten down, nameless, forgotten working stiff who used to be part of what was called the middle-class loves Trump. 
'They're not racists or rednecks, they're actually pretty decent people. So, after talking to a number of them, I sort of wanted to sort of write this.' 
['¦] 
Donald Trump came to the Detroit Economic Club and stood there in front of the Ford Motor executives and said: if you close these factories, as you are planning to do in Detroit, and rebuild them in Mexico, I am going to put a 35% tariff on those cars when you send them back and nobody's going to buy them. 
It was an amazing thing to see. No politician '” Republican or Democrat '” had ever said anything like that to these executives. It was music to the ears of people in Michigan and Ohio and Pennsylvania and Wisconsin. The Brexit states. You live here in Ohio. You know what I am talking about. 
He is the human Molotov cocktail that they have been waiting for. The human hand grenade that they can legally throw into the system that stole their lives from them. And on November 8th '” Election Day '” although they have lost their jobs. Although they've been foreclosed on by the bank. Next came the divorce and now the wife and kids are gone. The car's been repossessed. They haven't had a real vacation in years. They're stuck with the shitty Obamacare bronze plan. They can't even get a f**king percocet. 
They have essentially lost everything they had'¦except one thing. The one thing that doesn't cost them a cent and is guaranteed to them by the American Constitution: the right to vote. 
['¦] So, on November 8th, the dispossessed will walk into the voting booth, be handed a ballot, close the curtain, take that lever '” or felt pen or touchscreen '” and put a big f**king X in the box by the name of the man who has threatened to upend and overturn the very system that has ruined their lives: Donald J. Trump. 
['¦] 
They see that the elites who have ruined their lives hate Trump. 
Corporate America hates Trump. Wall Street hates Trump. The career politicians hate Trump. The Media hates Trump'¦ 
The enemy of my enemy is who I am voting for on November 8th. 
Trump's election is going to be the biggest F**K YOU ever recorded in human history. 
And it will feel good. 
What red-blooded American, working stiff or laid off schmo wouldn't want to stick it to the establishment and rebuke the very system that brought them to this point? After all, it is their fault. 
People have been hurting and in decline for eight long years '“ and for all his smiles and posturing, Obama hasn't done a damned thing. And Hillary can't even pretend. 
The people who will be deciding the popular vote in this election want to take down that system and put someone in who will '“ once and for all '“ stand up for them. Basically, Americans want revenge. 
What the electoral college decides is another matter altogether, of course. 
Article reposted with permission from SHTF Plan Don't forget to Like Freedom Outpost on Facebook , Google Plus , & Twitter . You can also get Freedom Outpost delivered to your Amazon Kindle device here .

ARTICLE

Email 
New Wikileaks email dumps have revealed massive corruption surrounding Hillary Clinton campaign chair John Podesta . In one email dated February 29, 2016, an article sent by Hillary advisor Sara Solow to Podesta and Hillary's foreign policy advisor Jake Sullivan indicates that the Clinton campaign is considering House Speaker Paul Ryan's relative for the Supreme Court. 
Ketanji Brown is the subject of the article. She is relate to Paul Ryan by marriage and is a judge on the US District Court for the District of Columbia. 
The email reads, "She was confirmed by without any Republican opposition in the Senate not once, but *twice*. She was confirmed to her current position in 2013 by unanimous consent '“ that is, without any stated opposition. She was also previously confirmed unanimously to a seat on the U.S. Sentencing Commission (where she became vice chair)." 
"Her family is impressive. She is married to a surgeon and has two young daughters. Her father is a retired lawyer and her mother a retired school principal. Her brother was a police officer (in the unit that was the basis for the television show * The Wire *) and is now a law student, and she is related by marriage to Congressman (and Speaker of the House) Paul Ryan." 
Earlier this month, he even said he would not campaign for nor support his party's nominee, Donald Trump . In fact, some supporters of Trump have theorized that Ryan was somehow behind or involved in the leak of the tape in which Trump made sexually crude comments about women. 
If you claim this is merely circumstantial, then I think there is no hope for you understanding just how corrupt DC has gotten, and this is the very Paul Ryan I warned you about in 2012, which everyone said he was "so conservative." Sadly, many didn't listen and voted for liberal Mitt Romney and him. Perhaps Paul Ryan's records and emails should be leaked and maybe we just might see that he's willing to engage Hillary in a pay-to-play scheme . Don't forget to Like Freedom Outpost on Facebook , Google Plus , & Twitter . You can also get Freedom Outpost delivered to your Amazon Kindle device here . shares

ARTICLE

Email 
Who would have thought right? Hillary's campaign establishing what appears to be some very close ties with the largest social media company (Facebook) on the Internet, right in the midst of her presidential campaign? It's not enough that Hillary has Google hiding various stories from Clinton search queries, but it looks like she had to go and get Facebook on board to help her cheat as well. But should Trump supporters take any issue with that? 
Sure, there's been issues in the past with Facebook banning conservatives for merely looking at their monitors the wrong way, but all that changed this week right? If you recall, earlier this week we learned that despite donating huge amounts of money to Hillary's campaign, allegedly Mark Zuckerberg betrayed Hillary Clinton, and actually jumped on board the Trump Train '¦ or is there more to this? In the video below I dig a bit deeper into both these stories'¦ 
Emails Show Connection Between Facebook Executive, Clinton Campaign 
'¦ kept the interactions with Clinton private '¦ 
A new WikiLeaks email dump shows Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg eager and willing to be involved in helping Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton's campaign. 
Sandberg's role in helping the research-driven Clinton campaign was revealed in a WikiLeaks email from Clinton aide Cheryl Mills. 
'I have arranged for Sheryl Sandberg and her researcher to be available on 5 March at 10 am to step through the research on gender and leadership by women,' Mills wrote in a February 2015 email. 
Two months after that meeting, Sandberg offered to do more for the campaign in response to an email from campaign chairman John Podesta expressing sympathy for the death of her husband. 
'I still want HRC to win badly ,' Sandberg wrote in May 2015. 'I am still here to help as I can. She came over and was magical with my kids.' 
Facebook has said that Sandberg was acting in a private capacity in sharing research with the Clinton campaign. Sandberg kept the interactions with Clinton private, and did not formally, publicly endorse Clinton until early 2016. 
However, she kept in touch with the campaign. In August 2015, she emailed Podesta offering to put him in touch with Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg , a staunch opponent of Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump . 
'Mark is meeting with people to learn more about next steps for his philanthropy and social action and it's hard to imagine someone better placed or more experienced than you to help him,' she wrote. 
'He's begun to think about whether/how he might want to shape advocacy efforts to support his philanthropic priorities and is particularly interested in meeting people who could help him understand how to move the needle on the specific public policy issues he cares most about,' she added. 
'He wants to meet folks who can inform his understanding about effective political operations to advance public policy goals on social oriented objectives (like immigration, education or basic scientific research),' she wrote. 
The WikiLeaks emails from Podesta's account imply a meeting was arranged later that month. 
SOCIAL MEDIA GIANTS ARE ACTUALLY GOVERNMENT CREATIONS: 
If you doubt that the CIA made Google, and Google made the NSA, but you don't read the following: save your worthless drivel for someone who cares. If you don't have the facts presented, how can you presume to dispute then? Conversely, if you dispute the facts presented with evidence stacked higher than Mt. Everest, by all means'¦ let's hear it, but support your opinions with FACTS, not platitudes.

ARTICLE

Email 
The fourth video in a series has been released by James O'Keefe of Project Veritas from his undercover sting of the Hillary Clinton campaign and the election rigging and voter fraud tactics implemented by the Democratic National Committee. In this video, election rigging guru Robert Creamer is caught arranging an illegal $20,000 foreign contribution to Americans United for Change (AUFC). 
Keep in mind that AUFC is the same organization that was behind all the hullabaloo at the Trump rallies. Take a look at the video. 
According to the video's description: 
In the effort to prove the credibility of the undercover donor featured in the videos and to keep the investigation going, Project Veritas Action made the decision to donate twenty thousand dollars to Robert Creamer's effort. Project Veritas Action had determined that the benefit of this investigation outweighed the cost. And it did. In an unexpected twist, AUFC president Brad Woodhouse, the recipient of the $20,000, heard that Project Veritas Action was releasing undercover videos exposing AUFC's activities. He told a journalist that AUFC was going to return the twenty thousand dollars. He said it was because they were concerned that it might have been an illegal foreign donation. Project Veritas Action was pleased but wondered why that hadn't been a problem for the month that they had the money. 
Project Veritas reports: 
In the effort to prove the credibility of the undercover donor featured in the videos and to keep the investigation going, Project Veritas Action made the decision to donate twenty thousand dollars to Robert Creamer's effort. Project Veritas Action had determined that the benefit of this investigation outweighed the cost. And it did. 
"First thing, like I said, thank you for the proposal. And I'd like to get the $20,000 across to you. The second call I'm going to make here is to my money guy and he's going to get in touch with you and auto wire the funds to you," said the PVA journalist. 
Creamer told the PVA journalist to send the money to Americans United for Change. Shortly after the money was released, the "donors" "niece" - another Project Veritas Action journalist - was offered an internship with Creamer. 
In an effort to see how far Creamer would go with the promise of more money, another Project Veritas journalist posing as the donor's money liaison requested a meeting with Creamer. 
Creamer, who has been to the White House at least 340 times and at least 45 of those times met with Barack Hussein Obama Soetoro Sobarkah, is heard saying, "Every morning I am on a call at 10:30 that goes over the message being driven by the campaign headquarters '¦ I am in this campaign mainly to deal with what earned media with television, radio, with earned media and social media, not with paid media, not with advertising." 
Creamer went on to speak about Obama, whom he claims to have known since the 1980s. During that time Obama was a community organizer in Chicago. 
"Oh Barack Obama's was the best campaign in the history of American politics, I mean the second one, I mean the first was good too," said Creamer of Obama. "I was a consultant to both, the second one, was everything hit on every level and every aspect. He's a pro, I've known the President since he was a community organizer in Chicago." 
"I was just at an event with him in Chicago actually, on Friday last. He is just as good as ever. I do a lot of work with the White House on their issues, helping to run issue campaigns that they have been involved in," he added. "I mean, for immigration reform for the'¦ the health care bill, for trying to make America more like Britain when it comes to gun violence issues." 
According to Project Veritas, "AUFC president Brad Woodhouse, the recipient of the $20,000, heard that Project Veritas Action was releasing undercover videos exposing AUFC's activities. He told a journalist that AUFC was going to return the twenty thousand dollars. He said it was because they were concerned that it might have been an illegal foreign donation. Project Veritas Action was pleased but wondered why that hadn't been a problem for the month that they had the money." 
If that was not enough, following the release of the previous videos, "Americans United for Change fired Scott Foval and Robert Creamer announced to the DNC that he was stepping down from campaign responsibilities." 
O'Keefe has filed suit with the Federal Elections Commission regarding the DNC, Hillary Clinton and Robert Creamer. 
Here is the documentation referenced in the video:

ARTICLE

Email 
As the jihad threat grows, so does the enemies' war on our most effective leaders. The SPLC , traffickers in blood libel and incitement to murder, is a hate group that the left counts on to smear, defame and destroy those who are brave enough to oppose their totalitarian agenda. This Soros-funded opposition research smear machine has now produced a libelous 'report' designed to destroy the most effective anti-jihad voices and mandate that our voices are never heard. 
The SPLC report says: 'These propagandists are far outside of the political mainstream, and their rhetoric has toxic consequences '” from poisoning democratic debate to inspiring hate-based violence. The Columbia Journalism Review has said as much, pointing out that misinformation and falsehoods in media 'may pollute democratic discourse, make it more difficult for citizens to cast informed votes, and limit their ability to participate meaningfully in public debate.'' It advises reporters to '[u]se credible sources; don't give credence to the fringe,' and sharply criticizes 'the politicians and pundits who seek personal and ideological gain by starting or spreading false memes.' 
This is turning the truth on its head. The reality is this: it is the left and these well-funded Goebbels-inspired hate groups such as the SPLC that 'pollute democratic discourse, make it more difficult for citizens to cast informed votes, and limit their ability to participate meaningfully in public debate.' They work furiously to silence dissent and impose a totalitarian straitjacket on the public discourse on these issues, only allowing voices that toe their propaganda line about Islam being a religion of peace and Muslims as the victims, rather than the perpetrators, of terrorism. 
And they call us 'extremists,' the same word the enemedia euphemistically uses of jihad killers '” as if we were equivalent to those who blow themselves up and cut off heads while screaming 'Allahu akbar.' 
All of their profiles are riddled with falsehoods, inaccuracies, and outright lies. In the one about me, their claim that I insist that Obama is the 'love child' of Malcolm X is patently untrue. The SPLC also states that I 'have spoken to a neo-fascist group in Germany,' when in fact I have never even been to Germany. Then they quote statements from me such as this one, ' Islam '¦ is an extreme ideology, the most radical and extreme ideology on the face of the earth,' as if it were obviously false and offensive, when in reality it is true. The SPLC makes no attempt to prove that it is false. It just takes for granted that the far-left lemmings who swallow its lies will nod their heads and go along, without stopping to think that '” as murderous jihad attacks become a near-daily occurrence in Western Europe and soon in the U.S. as well '” that maybe I have a point. 
The SPLC also says: 'In 2013, she and Robert Spencer were banned from entering the United Kingdom to speak to an EDL rally for fear of stirring 'inter-community violence.'' This violence was going to come from one side only: the British government was afraid that if we were there, Muslims would attack, and so to appease them, they banned us. Our ban was a tacit recognition that there is a jihad threat, not a repudiation of that threat. But the SPLC includes this anyway, knowing that their readers will not put two and two together. 
As the SPLC is a patent and obvious foe of the freedom of speech, it is no surprise that they would hate our Muhammad Art Exhibit and Cartoon Contest (which they erroneously call 'a 'Draw the Prophet' cartoon contest'). They say it was 'an obvious provocation aimed at Muslims, who regard graphic depictions of Muhammad as blasphemous '” which drew two angry U.S.-born jihadists who were killed when they attacked the event.' So even when jihadis attack and try to kill us, the SPLC is on their side, because what we were doing was 'blasphemous.' The SPLC actually justifies murder in this case '” but you can just imagine what they would be saying if a Jew or a Christian had reacted to blasphemy against his faith by deciding to murder the 'blasphemers.' 
Some of their claims are bitterly ironic. As Obama ships hundreds of billions of dollars to the mullahs in Iran, the SPLC excoriates me for saying that he seeks to 'appease his Muslim overlords' and 'wants jihad to win.' Do they not know that Iran will use those billions to fund terrorism? Or do they just not care? And they say: 'An ardent defender of Israel, Geller has described the press there as largely 'Jewicidal.'' After recent revelations about how Soros-funded groups paid for favorable coverage of the Iran deal and the Muslim migrant invasion, and the close collaboration between the mainstream media and the Clinton campaign, is the SPLC still pretending that the enemedia is made up of fair, objective journalists? 
Facts are the enemy to these haters and destroyers. Facts, evidence, reality are tossed off by the SPLC like some out-of-date, old-fashioned idea. Truth is 'hate.' Truth is islamofauxbic. Anyone who criticizes oppression, subjugation, supremacism is smeared, defamed, blacklisted. Posturing as humanitarians, vicious hate groups such as the SPLC are deemed legitimate authorities by cultural and political power players. 
In reality, the SPLC is not a group dedicated to the defense of human rights. It is a hard-left attack machine. Vets, patriots, and freedom's defenders are in its crosshairs. Even Ben Carson was on their hate list for some time. They can't win on the facts, so they must silence us. 
Article reposted with permission from PamelaGeller.com

ARTICLE

Email 
Will this be the most chaotic election day in modern American history? All across the nation, schools are being closed on election day due to safety fears. Traditionally, schools have been very popular as voting locations because they can accommodate a lot of people, they usually have lots of parking, and everyone in the community knows where they are and can usually get to them fairly easily. But now there is a big movement to remove voting from schools or to shut schools down on election day so that children are not present when voting takes place. According to Fox News , 'voting has been removed or classes have been canceled on Election Day at schools in Illinois, Maine, Nebraska, New Hampshire, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Wisconsin and elsewhere.' Just a couple days ago , I shared with you a survey that found that 51 percent of all Americans are concerned about violence happening on election day, and all of these schools closing is just another sign of how on edge much of the population is as we approach November 8th. 
Many officials are being very honest about the fact that schools are being shut down on election day because they are afraid of election violence. The following comes from Fox News '¦ 
Several schools across the nation have decided to close on Election Day over fears of possible violence in the hallways stemming from the fallout from the heated rhetoric that consumed the campaign trail. 
The fear is the ugliness of the election season could escalate into confrontations and even violence in the school hallways, endangering students. 
'If anybody can sit there and say they don't think this is a contentious election, then they aren't paying much attention,' Ed Tolan, the Falmouth, Maine police chief, said Tuesday. His community has already called off classes on Nov. 8 and an increased police presence will be felt around town. 
And without a doubt, voting locations are 'soft targets' that often have little or no security. We have been blessed to have had such peaceful elections in the past, but we also need to realize that times have changed. I believe that there is wisdom in what Georgia Secretary of State Brian Kemp told reporters '¦ 
'There is a concern, just like at a concert, sporting event or other public gathering that we didn't have 15 or 20 years ago,' said Georgia Secretary of State Brian Kemp, co-chairman of the National Association of Secretaries of State election committee. ' What if someone walks in a polling location with a backpack bomb or something? If that happens at a school, then that's certainly concerning.' 
All it is going to take is a single incident to change everything. 
Let us hope that it is not this election day when we see something like that. 
Another reason why polling locations are under increased scrutiny this election season is because of concerns about election fraud. This is something that Donald Trump has alluded to repeatedly on the campaign trail. For instance, just consider what he told a rally in Pennsylvania '¦ 
'We don't want to lose an election because you know what I'm talking about,' Trump told an overwhelmingly white crowd in Manheim, Pa., earlier this month. 'Because you know what? That's a big, big problem, and nobody wants to talk about it. Nobody has the guts to talk about it. So go and watch these polling places .' 
And of course reports are already pouring in from around the country of big problems with the voting machines. In Illinois this week, one candidate personally experienced a machine switching his votes from Republicans to Democrats'¦ 
Early voting in Illinois got off to a rocky start Monday, as votes being cast for Republican candidates were transformed into votes for Democrats. 
Republican state representative candidate Jim Moynihan went to vote Monday at the Schaumburg Public Library. 
'I tried to cast a vote for myself and instead it cast the vote for my opponent,' Moynihan said. 'You could imagine my surprise as the same thing happened with a number of races when I tried to vote for a Republican and the machine registered a vote for a Democrat.' 
In addition, if you keep up with my work on The Economic Collapse Blog , then you already know that a number of voters down in Texas have reported that their votes were switched from Donald Trump to Hillary Clinton . 
Well, it turns out that those voting machines appear to have a link to the Clinton Foundation '¦ 
According to OpenSecrets, the company who provided the alleged glitching voting machines is a subsidiary of The McCarthy Group. 
The McCarthy group is a major donor to the Clinton Foundation '“ apparently donating 200,000 dollars in 2007 '“ when it was the largest owner of United States voting machines. Or perhaps the 200,000 dollars went to paying Bill Clinton for speeches? 
Either way, it doesn't look good. 
After everything that we saw in 2012 , I am convinced that there is good reason to be concerned about the integrity of our voting machines. 
But Democrats don't like poll observers, because they think that having too many poll observers will intimidate their voters'¦ 
'It's un-American, but at the same time we have a long history of doing things like that ,' Ari Berman, author of the 2016 book ' Give Us the Ballot: The Modern Struggle for Voting Rights in America ,' previously told The Christian Science Monitor. 'Voting was very, very dangerous. I don't think anyone's suggesting that we're at the same place today. I just think the loss of the [official poll observers] is going to be really problematic.' 
Without a doubt, this has been the craziest election season that we have seen in decades, and I have a feeling that it is about to get even crazier. 
But will the end result be the election of the most corrupt politician in the history of our country ? 
If that is the outcome after all that we have been through, it will be exceedingly depressing indeed. 
Take a look at the future of America: The Beginning of the End and then prepare Don't forget to Like Freedom Outpost on Facebook , Google Plus , & Twitter . You can also get Freedom Outpost delivered to your Amazon Kindle device here .

ARTICLE

Email 
A bombshell of new audio is exposing Hillary Clinton for the immoral, politically motivated opportunist that she is. Now the question is, will this impact her race for the White House? 
Some ten years ago (more recent than Donald Trump's now infamous 'locker room talk' recording) in September of 2006, Hillary Clinton was running for reelection to the Senate when she sat down to speak with the editorial board of the Jewish Press. The sit-down was recorded, but the full conversation had never been released, until now. One of the editors present during the interview spoke with the Observer this week and played them the 45-minute long tape of the conversation with Clinton. 
Below is what is likely the most important disclosure of the conversation, and it provides reason for American voters to worry. It also proves that Donald Trump is not some crazy conspiracy theorist for expressing concern about the Democrat Party trying to 'rig' the 2016 election. 
While talking to the Jewish Press, Clinton commented on the 2006 election for the second Palestinian Legislative Council (where terrorist organization Hamas won control of the Palestinian government) and expressed her belief that allowing the election was a huge mistake, but if they were going to allow it'¦ then the US government should have rigged the election to suit their needs. 
'I do not think we should have pushed for an election in the Palestinian territories. I think that was a big mistake. And if we were going to push for an election, then we should have made sure that we did something to determine who was going to win.' 
Yes, you just heard correctly. A sitting US Senator, and the future Secretary of State and then presidential candidate just argued that we should have rigged the election, thereby disallowing the right of the Palestinian people to choose their own leaders. 
While Hamas is a terrorist organization and they are horrible, murderous thugs whose ideology we must stamp out'¦ the comments should raise this question in our minds '“ if Hillary Clinton is willing to rig an election in Palestine, why wouldn't she do the same here if she could? This realization that Clinton is not beyond 'fixing' the results of an election, should make all of the other recent evidences of massive voter fraud all the more concerning. 
Well known election fraud expert John Fund has written article , after article , after article and even books chronicling voter fraud in the U.S. 
Fund wrote extensively, for instance, of the 2008 election that put Al Franken in the U.S. Senate for the State of Minnesota. The 312-vote victory Franken eked out, Fund wrote , was not a happy result of just enough votes but a result born of massive vote fraud. 
Other reporters have written of vote fraud, of course. Take the report in the Washington Free Beacon that revealed that 141 U.S. counties have more people registered to vote than they even have residents eligible to do so! 
These charges have been building for at least 20 years and over the last few months they have shifted into high gear. But we don't have to stick to recent history to find people complaining about voter fraud. Only eight years ago when he was first running for the White House, even Barack Obama was heard complaining about rampant vote fraud in the U.S'¦ 
And then there is the new series of undercover videos by Jame O'Keefe's Project Veritas which has revealed Democrat operatives admitting that they routinely engage in voter fraud in order to win elections by hook or crook. 
Please make sure to read the full Observer story about the 2006 interview with Hillary Clinton. There are a few other remarkable observations made about some of Clinton's comments '“ like her willingness to speak with world leaders no matter the current political climate between our countries and Clinton's seeming approval of 'an eye for an eye' interactions between Israel and Hamas. 
Article reposted with permission from Constitution.com  

ARTICLE

Email 
Just when it looked like Hillary Clinton was poised to win the 2016 election , the FBI has thrown a gamechanger into the mix. On Friday, FBI Director James Comey announced that his agency has discovered new emails related to Hillary Clinton's mishandling of classified information that they had not previously seen. According to the Associated Press , the newly discovered emails 'did not come from her private server', but instead were found when the FBI started going through electronic devices that belonged to top Clinton aide Huma Abedin and her husband Anthony Weiner. The FBI has been looking into messages of a sexual nature that Weiner had exchanged with a 15-year-old girl in North Carolina, and that is why they originally seized those electronic devices. According to the Washington Post , the 'emails were found on a computer used jointly by both Weiner and his wife, top Clinton aide Huma Abedin, according to a person with knowledge of the inquiry', and according to some reports there may be 'potentially thousands' of emails on the computer that the FBI did not have access to previously. Even though there are less than two weeks to go until election day, this scandal has the potential to possibly force Clinton out of the race, and if that happens could Barack Obama delay or suspend the election until a replacement candidate can be found? 
Let's take this one step at a time. On Friday, financial markets tanked when reports of these new Clinton emails hit the wires. The following comes from CNN '¦ 
After recommending earlier this year that the Department of Justice not press charges against the former secretary of state, Comey said in a letter to eight congressional committee chairmen that investigators are examining newly discovered emails that 'appear to be pertinent' to the email probe. 
'In connection with an unrelated case, the FBI has learned of the existence of emails that appear pertinent to the investigation,' Comey wrote the chairmen. 'I am writing to inform you that the investigative team briefed me on this yesterday, and I agreed that the FBI should take appropriate investigative steps designed to allow investigators to review these emails to determine whether they contain classified information, as well as to assess their importance to our investigation.' 
At this point, we do not know what is contained in these emails. But without a doubt Huma Abedin is Hillary Clinton's closest confidant, and I have always felt that she was Clinton's Achilles heel. Journalist Carl Bernstein (of Watergate fame) is fully convinced that the FBI would have never made this move unless something significant had already been discovered '¦ 
We don't know what this means yet except that it's a real bombshell. And it is unthinkable that the Director of the FBI would take this action lightly, that he would put this letter forth to the Congress of the United States saying there is more information out there about classified e-mails and call it to the attention of congress unless it was something requiring serious investigation. So that's where we are'¦ 
Is it a certainty that we won't learn before the election? I'm not sure it's a certainty we won't learn before the election. 
One thing is, it's possible that Hillary Clinton might want to on her own initiative talk to the FBI and find out what she can, and if she chooses to let the American people know what she thinks or knows is going on. People need to hear from her'¦ 
If the FBI has indeed found something explosive, would they actually charge her with a crime right before the election? 
It is possible, but we also have to remember that government agencies (including the FBI) tend to move very, very slowly. If there are thousands of emails, it is going to take quite a while to sift through them all. And of course Barack Obama has lots of ways that he could influence, delay or even shut down the investigation. 
So those that are counting on this to be the miracle that Donald Trump needs should not count their chickens before they hatch. 
But if Hillary Clinton were to be forced out of the race by this FBI investigation, the Democrats would have to decide on a new candidate, and that would take time. The following is from a U.S. News & World Report article that examined what would happen if one of the candidates was forced out of the race for some reason'¦ 
If Clinton were to fall off the ticket, Democratic National Committee members would gather to vote on a replacement. DNC members acted as superdelegates during this year's primary and overwhelmingly backed Clinton over boat-rocking socialist Sen. Bernie Sanders of Vermont. 
DNC spokesman Mark Paustenbach says there currently are 445 committee members '“ a number that changes over time and is guided by the group's bylaws, which give membership to specific officeholders and party leaders and hold 200 spots for selection by states, along with an optional 75 slots DNC members can choose to fill. 
But the party rules for replacing a presidential nominee merely specify that a majority of members must be present at a special meeting called by the committee chairman. The meeting would follow procedures set by the DNC Rules and Bylaws Committee and proxy voting would not be allowed. 
It would be extremely challenging to get a majority of the members of the Democratic National Committee together on such short notice. If Clinton were to drop out next week, it would be almost impossible for this to happen before election day. 
In such a scenario, Barack Obama may attempt to invoke his emergency powers . Since the election would not be 'fair' until the Democrats have a new candidate, he could try to delay or suspend the election. There would be a lot of controversy as to whether this is legal or not, but Barack Obama has not let the U.S. Constitution stop him in the past. 
Meanwhile, new poll numbers show that the Trump campaign was already gaining momentum even before this story about the new emails broke. According to a brand new ABC News/Washington Post survey, Donald Trump is now only trailing Hillary Clinton by 4 points after trailing her by as much as 12 points last weekend. 
And CNBC is reporting on a highly advanced artificial intelligence system that accurately predicted the outcomes of the presidential primaries and which is now indicating that Trump will be the winner in November'¦ 
An artificial intelligence system that correctly predicted the last three U.S. presidential elections puts Republican nominee Donald Trump ahead of Democrat rival Hillary Clinton in the race for the White House. 
MogIA was developed by Sanjiv Rai, founder of Indian start-up Genic.ai. It takes in 20 million data points from public platforms including Google, Facebook, Twitter and YouTube in the U.S. and then analyzes the information to create predictions. 
The AI system was created in 2004, so it has been getting smarter all the time. It had already correctly predicted the results of the Democratic and Republican Primaries. 
Without Hillary at the top of the ticket, the odds of a Trump victory would go way, way up. 
So if Hillary is forced out of the race by this investigation, Barack Obama and the Democrats will want to delay or suspend the election for as long as possible if they can. 
At this point there is probably not a high probability that such a scenario will play out, but in this crazy election year we have already seen that just about anything can happen. 
Take a look at the future of America: The Beginning of the End and then prepare  

ARTICLE

Email 
If there's one thing that the rise of Donald Trump and Britain's Brexit has proven, it's that the people have had it with the establishment. No matter what side of the aisle you're on, you are likely sick and tired of the outright corruption prevalent in every aspect of the system. 
Over the last decade we have seen several movements try to take the initiative to create real, lasting change by upending the business-as-usual behavior of entrenched politicians, corporate lobbyists and mainstream media. All have thus far failed and were eventually absorbed by the power structure. 
The Tea Party was co-opted by the establishment right. The 99% Protesters were co-opted by the establishment left. And according to recent Wikileaks releases, the Black Lives Matter movement has been sucked up by the Clinton camp and Soros-funded globalists. 
Joe Joseph of The Daily Sheeple explains how politicians, including Hillary Clinton, have used these grass roots movements for their own nefarious purposes and to push forth their own agendas: 
If you remember back in 2006-2007 there was something called the Ron Paul Revolution that took off'¦ at one point in time there was a million man march that took place and there was close to a million people that marched on Washington'¦ it was a tremendous grass roots effort and uprising that took place'¦ and after that you had the Tea Party take off'¦ and then it got co-opted. The-Powers-That-Shouldn't-Be put their operatives in there.. they got in there and totally took it over'¦ and now the Tea Party today is nothing but your mainstream Republican operation that advances the Republican Party platform'¦ certainly not what Ron Paul was doing'¦ certainly doesn't have the Constitution in mind'¦ 
Article reposted with permission from SHTF Plan Don't forget to Like Freedom Outpost on Facebook , Google Plus , & Twitter . You can also get Freedom Outpost delivered to your Amazon Kindle device here .

ARTICLE

Email 
At least two sources are confirming that a Grand Jury has been called to decide if there is enough evidence to indict four FBI HRT team members in the coverup of LaVoy Finicum , who was shot and killed on January 26, 2016 by Oregon State Police. 
Guerilla Media Network reports : 
Guerilla Media Network received information 10 days ago that a Grand Jury had been called to decide if there was enough evidence concerning a coverup by "FBI HRT" Team Members on the ground in Burns Oregon, to formally charge them with a crime. Members of HRT, (Hostage Rescue Team) have been accused of shooting at LaVoy Finicum as he exited his vehicle on January 26, 2016 with his hands in the air. 
Legal sources in Portland told GMN that they were aware the Grand Jury had been convened but did not have information about an actual indictment, at the time the information was passed down to us. 
GMN went on to report that Bob Powell of The Truth is Viral stated that he confirmed with sources at the Justice Department that an indictment may soon come against the 4 agents involved in the coverup. 
"In all there were 4 shots fired at Mr. Finicum by these rouge agents, before and after he exited his truck," Powell said. 
Finicum's widow, Jeanette Finicum, also confirmed that she had heard about the convening of the Grand Jury as well. She has also filed a wrongful death lawsuit against Oregon State Police and called on American Patriots to stand against the growing tyranny of the central government . 
"I'll believe it '“ When I see it," said Mrs. Finicum on Wednesday. 
Though the Oregon State Police were apparently responsible for actually shooting Finicum to death , the FBI claimed to investigate several of their agents concerning failing to report that they fired shots at Finicum and his vehicle . They apparently disposed of the bullet casings as well. 
Listen to Bob Powell's report on what is taking place. Don't forget to Like Freedom Outpost on Facebook , Google Plus , & Twitter . You can also get Freedom Outpost delivered to your Amazon Kindle device here . shares

ARTICLE

Email 
There are times that we need to gain clarity before there is a problem. We see something that might make for a situation later, and we decide to deal with it now. This is both wise and prudent. It can also allow us to work with confidence, knowing that we have avoided possible conflict in the future. 
This seems to be the case in a recent lawsuit. As I reported, the Human Rights Commission of Iowa had worded the exemption of its new regulation on gender restroom availability very vaguely. 
This led to an inquiry by several organizations and churches. These inquiries were met with vague and almost hostile responses from the Commission. Out of fear of persecution, one church had filed suit to place an injunction on the law. 
This case has now been dropped. 
Christian News reports : 
A legal challenge that had been filed against the Iowa Human Rights Commission over its interpretation of local laws pertaining to gender identity has been dropped after a federal judge noted that churches are not generally considered places of public accommodation by the courts. 
U.S. District Judge Stephanie Rose responded to motions from both sides of the case on Oct. 14, denying the Commission's motion to dismiss the suit, while also denying the Fort Des Moines Church of Christ's (FDMCC) request for an injunction. 
'[S]tate and federal courts have held that churches and programs they host are not places of public accommodation,' Rose wrote. 
It seems that this was a waste of time. Nothing has changed, and the church still seems to be getting its right to exist from the state. I understand the desire to protect oneself, but we have to remember that if they cannot make a concerning religion, this was superfluous. 
Article reposted with permission from Constitution.com Don't forget to Like Freedom Outpost on Facebook , Google Plus , & Twitter . You can also get Freedom Outpost delivered to your Amazon Kindle device here .

ARTICLE

Email 
Among the many Wikileaks emails that were dumped this summer, it was clear that Hillary Clinton is not as popular as the media would have you believe. In fact, it became clear that she has no real support in a hacked email to the point where she was forced to pay young voters to stump online for her. 
The Gateway Pundit reported : 
She's the astroturfed candidate. Hillary is SOOO unpopular that she has to pay off young voters to support her and show up at her rallies. 
5 Biggest Scoops from the #DNCLeaks WikiLeak 
Wikileaks released nearly 20,000 hacked emails it says are from the accounts of Democratic National Committee officials on Friday. 
The emails are devastating for Hillary Clinton. According to at least one hacked email Hillary Clinton has no real support and must pay youth voters to defend her online. She also pays millennials to show up at her rallies. 
Hillary's support is all a lie. It's all astroturfed. Everything this woman does is all a lie '“ even her rallies are fabricated. 
If Attkisson's explanation were not enough, how about this tweet regarding the mainstream media putting their collective useful idiot heads together to pitch the same propaganda about Donald Trump. 5 Biggest Scoops from the #DNCLeaks https://t.co/vmTiepsPkj 
'” Mike Cernovich ðŸ‡ºðŸ‡¸ (@Cernovich) July 23, 2016 
This should have come as no surprise. 
If you remember when her campaign kicked off in 2015, I reported on the fact that more than 50% of her Twitter followers were either completely fake or inactive . 
Additionally, when she had her Iowa kickoff event, a whopping 22 people showed up . The majority of those were reporters! 
Hillary Clinton only has the backing of the media and rabid anti-American liberals, and even then, it looks like she's having to pay them to actually do anything to support her. In other words, her candidacy is completely contrived.  

ARTICLE

Email 
Much to the surprise of the American electorate, both on the right and left, the FBI is reopening it's investigation into Hillary Clinton's email scandal. Whether this will amount to anything meaningful, or it is simply a distraction is any body's guess. Many are speculating that this could be the issue which would cause President Obama to cancel the elections. In my recent article "Corrupting One's Self is the Ultimate Morality in the Pursuit of Utopia," I discussed the possibility that the blatant corruption is deliberately being thrust in our face to create the necessary attitude for social change. This idea of course, is based on the writings of Alinsky and other "social engineers" skilled in the arts of propaganda and psychological manipulation. Looking at it from this perspective, cancelled elections are a possibility. The truth is, with Hillary Clinton you never know what to expect because she is operating from an "ends justify the means mentality," and she is willing to do anything to see her dreams of a collectivized America move forward. 
According to Elizabeth Harrington from the Washington Free Beacon, the Clinton campaign began conducting focus groups to determine which approach Hillary should take concerning her run for the presidency. Hillary is diehard ideologue whose beliefs are right in line with Communists dictators like Stalin and Mao. She believes that ordinary people have no idea how to best conduct their personal business and the state should be involved in every aspect of our lives. The goal of these focus groups was to determine the attitudes of the electorate in order to mold her message and her personality into something they would vote for. Many people would attempt to ridicule and discredit anyone associating Hillary Clinton with communists because she comes across as compassionate and caring, always blaming everything on a vast, right wing conspiracy. 
This has always been the modus operandi of the communist movement and it explains why so many young people have no idea about the atrocities committed under the regimes of communist rulers. Today's millennials are well aware of the holocaust and the millions of Jews murdered by Adolph Hitler. They may not however, know that Hitler murdered more than Jews. He started by eliminating the sick and disabled, then he murdered Christians, homosexuals and anyone else essentially, that didn't go along with his national socialism. The belief is that fascism is an extreme right wing world view. This explains the hostility towards today's conservative movement. They have been branded as fascists, when in fact, the truth is the exact opposite. On the true political scale, national socialism or fascism is to the right of communism, which represents complete state control, but it is still way left of center. A true, extreme right wing world view would be complete absence of government control over anything. With this being said, and understanding that the horrors of communism have all been forgotten simply because they are no longer being taught, the communists have been very successful in deceiving people because like Hillary Clinton, they pretend to be something they are not. 
Millions of young people in America, due to left wing indoctrination in our universities, are falling for the communist propaganda under the guise that communism is a more fair, compassionate system of economics. Left wing professors, refusing to acknowledge the failures of communism because they believe the right leader has not come along to implement it the right way, have failed to teach these young minds that the pursuit of total equality has led to the death of 100,000,000 people under communist controlled governments. Communists, believing not in God but in evolution and science, believe that man can be trained into submission and a refusal to accept communist ideals is in fact, a sign of mental deficiency. Therefore, it is justifiable to eliminate them. To understand this read "Brainwashing: A Synthesis of the Russian Textbook on Psychopolitics." Communists also hide this belief by claiming their pursuit of equality is motivated by a pursuit of social and economic justice when in fact, it is motivated by a pure desire to control every aspect of human being. 
The Black Book of Communism references the historical debate over the evil natures of both Communism and Nazism. Adolf Hitler, despite his cruelty was open about what his intentions were. He set out to create a perfect race that understood its role was to serve the state and nothing else. This isn't any different than the goals of communism truthfully, only insofar as communists seek to accomplish this on a global scale, (using the economic class issue as opposed to race) while national socialism focuses on achieving such a goal for the country itself. The communists on the other hand, as mentioned above, pretended to be compassionate about the poor and oppressed when in reality- they use these groups to organize for power while hiding behind the guise of compassion and the struggle to achieve social justice, while in reality-they are systematically imprisoning and murdering all that don't go along with their agenda. This, according to the Black Book of Communism, makes the communist ideology, if you could really assign degrees of evil, more evil than Nazism because of its deceptive nature. 
We all know Hillary Clinton is a liar, and she wrote her college thesis on Saul Alinsky but do we know anything else about her? Given the fact that she conducted focus groups to help mold her campaign message it is obvious she is hiding something. Over the past several weeks we have seen references to leaked emails which show she has an obvious disdain for the average American and the common beliefs in liberty that most of us share. She has referred to many of us as "irredeemable deplorables" in an effort to brand us as the uncompassionate ones while pretending to care about the poor and so called oppressed. In fact, this is the whole strategy of the Democrat party because as we all know, they have taken a hard turn left and do not represent the views of most Americans. They will however, pretend to in order to get in office. What are her intentions if she were to assume office? Are the massive dehumanization campaigns where conservatives are labeled as fascists and whites as automatic racists a first step to a repeat of history where millions were slaughtered because they were deemed as undesirable by their own government? Looking at the deceptive nature of Hillary Clinton and the violent nature of the left, it sure seems like a distinct possibility. 
The number of deaths under communist regimes from the Black Book of Communism Soviet Union- Vladimr Lenin and Joseph Stalin-20 million deaths China-Mao- 65 million deaths Vietnam- Ho Chi Mihn- 1 million deaths North Korea- 2 million deaths Cambodia- Pol Pot- 2 million deaths Eastern Europe- 1 million deaths Latin America- 150,000 deaths Africa- 1.7 million deaths Afghanistan (under soviet control) 1.5 million deaths 
These are not deaths represented by wartime or revolutions, but by outright murder committed by evil men intent on creating perfect societies based on social justice and equality. I guess the question remains. Is man capable of bringing about a perfect society? 
Article posted with permission from In Defense of Our Nation  

ARTICLE

Email 
On Monday, a man who voted for Donald Trump was arrested for wearing a T-shirt that referenced Hillary Clinton 's comments about Trump supporters being "deplorables" to the polls. 
Brett Mauthe, 55, was arrested after he went to the polls wearing a pro-Trump hat and a shirt that read, "basket of deplorables." 
According to KSAT 12, Mauthe removed his hat at the request of those who were overseeing the polls. However, since the t-shirt did not violate the election code, he refused to turn it inside out nor remove it. 
Subsequently, he was arrested and charged with electioneering. 
KSAT 12 reports : 
Bulverde police Chief Gary Haecker confirmed the arrest but declined to release details. Instead, he deferred to Comal County's election coordinator, Cynthia Jaqua. 
Jaqua said the offense of electioneering isn't limited to people who stand outside polling places holding signs. Violations can be committed by voters as well. 
"It can mean a T-shirt, a button, a hat, you know?" she said. "Anything related to the voting, the party, the candidate." 
Jaqua declined to release specific details about Mauthe's arrest. 
Jaqua is quoted by My San Antonio : 
It's in the election code. Electioneering is prohibited within a 100-foot marker. You cannot express views for or against a candidate or political party by wearing buttons, T-shirts, hats, whatever else or carrying signs," she said. 
Most people who make the mistake manage to avoid going to jail, she added. 
"Every election we have to advise people. Even if it's a school bond issue. They wear candidates' shirts and we just have to remind them. 'Please go into the restroom and turn it inside out.' This is the first time I recall someone getting arrested," she said, during two decades working at the county election office. 
"A gentleman did walk in a little while ago with a slogan for Trump, and when I asked him to please take it off, he was real nice, and took it off," she added, while working a polling site Thursday afternoon in New Braunfels. 
So, according to this nonsense, a perfectly legal shirt could be worn to the polls one day, but if a politician make reference to the phrase on that shirt it becomes illegal to wear it to the polls the next day? This is utterly ridiculous. 
My question on all of that is, what happened to free speech? Is that recognized as a God-given right in the First Amendment? I mean, I realize that the Constitution is to restrict the federal government, but honestly, shouldn't the states recognize the right of free speech, even in a polling place? Seems to me those kinds of laws stifle the very thing you are electing representatives to ensure are protected. 
Other voters agree with me. 
"I don't feel like you should be preaching to anybody, but I do feel like you should be able to wear a shirt if you want and if it has the candidate," Georgina Pereida said after casting her vote. "I'm kind of shocked, because I think that's part of the freedoms that we're voting for." 
Jose Tovar claims that you should know the rules and regulations if you are 18 and vote. Again, I ask, why are there laws and regulations restricting this freedom of speech? It's not inflammatory. It isn't a lie. It isn't slander. What's illegal about it? 
I'll tell you, politicians want to control people, and this is one of many means they use to do that. This is what happens when you don't hold your elected officials accountable for the stupid regulations they impose. 
Mauthe decided to not comment anymore after his story began to be altered in the media. 
"The reason I'm not going to talk any more to the media is that the story gets twisted around, and I don't want to give you any comment," he said . 
The charged of electioneering is a class C misdemeanor. Don't forget to Like Freedom Outpost on Facebook , Google Plus , & Twitter . You can also get Freedom Outpost delivered to your Amazon Kindle device here . shares

ARTICLE

Email 
It's not exactly breaking news that only an infinitesimally small number of people in this country trust the mainstream media to report the truth, so it shouldn't come as a great shock that the mainstream media is getting people all ginned up about James Comey's announcement today regarding the 're-opening of the investigation' into Hillary Clinton's private email server, or as the letter to Congress said, 'taking appropriate investigative steps designed to allow investigators to review these emails to determine whether they contain classified information, as well as to assess their importance to our investigation.' 
What does come as a bit of a shock, is how many people are buying into the hype. At this point in the election, hasn't anyone learned that NOTHING is what it seems when first reported by the media? Anyone at all? 'But'¦ but'¦ but'¦ the media says that Comey's announcement took everyone by surprise'¦ even the President'¦' 
Right'¦ and I've got some oceanfront property in Arizona I'd like to sell you. Are you interested? Correct me if I'm wrong, but are we talking about the same media that less than 10% of Americans thinks is honest and trustworthy? Exactly! My fellow countrymen, especially my fellow Trump supporters, beware! Beware that we don't all get lured into a perfect example of "rope a dope," by the very same people and institutions we already know haven't given us the honest truth about much of anything since long before this election season began. 
In the video below, I review the facts that cannot be denied, and ask the question, 'Why isn't the media telling you this?' 
The RT Reports: 
The FBI has learned of more emails involving Hillary Clinton's private email server while she headed the State Department, FBI Director James Comey told several members of Congress, telling them he is reopening the investigation. 
'In connection with an unrelated case, the FBI has learned of the existence of email that appear to be pertinent' to Clinton's investigation, Comey wrote to the chairs of several relevant congressional committees, adding that he was briefed about the messages on Thursday. 'I agree that the FBI should take appropriate investigative steps designed to allow investigators to review these emails to determine whether they contain classified information, as well as to assess their importance to our investigation.' 
The FBI director cautioned, however, that the bureau has yet to assess the importance of the material, and that he doesn't know how long that will take. 
The Clinton campaign has yet to comment, but an aide told CNN: 'We're learning about this just like you all are.' 
Democratic vice presidential nominee Tim Kaine was asked about Comey's letter while campaigning at an early voting site in Tallahassee, Florida. 'Gotta read a little more, gotta read a little more,' he told reporters. 
Representative Bob Goodlatte (R-Virginia), chair of the House Judiciary Committee, praised the decision to reopen the case. 
'Now that the FBI has reopened the matter, it must conduct the investigation with impartiality and thoroughness,' he said in a statement. 'The American people deserve no less and no one should be above the law.' 
Almost 15,000 new Clinton emails were discovered in September, but it's unclear if the announced investigation relates to them or other correspondence. The newly discovered emails are not related to Wikileaks or the Clinton Foundation, law enforcement sources told CNN's Evan Perez. 
The messages were not found on the private email server in the Clintons' New York residence, a government source told Reuters. 
The emails were apparently discovered as part of the sexting probe into former Representative Anthony Weiner (D-New York), the New York Times reported. His electronic devices, as well as those belonging to his wife, senior Clinton aide Huma Abedin, were seized during that investigation. 
House Speaker Paul Ryan (R-Wisconsin) renewed his call for Director of National Intelligence James Clapper to 'suspend all classified briefings for Secretary Clinton until this matter is fully resolved.' 
'Yet again, Hillary Clinton has nobody but herself to blame,' Ryan said in a statement. 'This decision, long overdue, is the result of her reckless use of a private email server, and her refusal to be forthcoming with federal investigators.' 
Kellyanne Conway, Republican nominee Donald Trump 's campaign manager, applauded the decision. 
'That is superb. That is extraordinary news for the American people,' she told Yahoo News. "A great day in our campaign just got even better," she tweeted. 
'They are reopening the case into her criminal and illegal conduct that threatens the security of the United States,' Trump said in Manchester, New Hampshire, 10 minutes after learning about the reopening of the case. 'We must not let her take her criminal scheme into the Oval Office.' 
'I have great respect for the fact that the FBI and the Department of Justice have the courage to right the horrible mistake that they made,' he said. 'This was a grave miscarriage of justice that the American people fully understand, and it is everybody's hope that it is about to be corrected.' 
'With that being said, the rest of my speech is going to be so boring. Should I even make the speech?' he joked before turning to his prepared remarks. 
The 'FBI reopening investigation isn't an October surprise, it's an October nuclear explosion,' conservative political commentator Ben Shapiro wrote as part of a tweetstorm, adding that 'Comey [is] trying to cover his a** 11 days before [the] election' and wondering if a 'pre-emptive impeachment of a president elect' is possible because 'the odds on President Tim Kaine just rose substantially.' 
An 'October Surprise' is a major event that happens in the month before the election that affects the outcome of the vote. 
In response to the announcement, the Democratic Coalition Against Trump filed a complaint with the Department of Justice against Comey. 
'It is absolutely absurd that FBI Director Comey would support Donald Trump like this with only 11 days to go before the election,' Scott Dworkin, senior advisor to the Democratic Coalition Against Trump , said in a statement . 'It is an obvious attack from a lifelong Republican who used to serve in the Bush White House, just to undermine her campaign. Comey needs to focus on stopping terrorists and protecting America, not investigating our soon to be President-Elect Hillary Clinton.' 
Stocks fell after Comey's announcement, CNBC reported. 
Article posted with permission from The Last Great Stand . Don't forget to Like Freedom Outpost on Facebook , Google Plus , & Twitter . You can also get Freedom Outpost delivered to your Amazon Kindle device here . shares

ARTICLE

Email 
The Democratic Coalition Against Trump filed a complaint Friday against FBI Director James Comey with the Department of Justice, alleging interference with the 2016 presidential election. 
The coalition, an arm of the Keep America Great PAC, filed the complaint with the DOJ's Office of Professional Responsibility, after Comey announced to Congress that because of new emails discovered on Huma Abedin's electronic devices relevant to the Hillary Clinton email investigation, the agency would review those emails and assess their relevancy to the investigation. 
For Scott Dworkin, senior advisor to the Democratic Coalition Against Trump, the announcement is evidence that Comey, a registered Republican, is attempting to undermine Clinton's chances of taking the White House. 
'It is absolutely absurd that FBI Director Comey would support Donald Trump like this with only 11 days to go before the election,' Dworkin said in a statement. 'It is an obvious attack from a lifelong Republican who used to serve in the Bush White House, just to undermine her campaign. Comey needs to focus on stopping terrorists and protecting America, not investigating our soon to be President-Elect Hillary Clinton.' 
The Democratic Coalition Against Trump has filed numerous complaints with federal agencies about figures connected to the 2016 election. 
On Monday, the group filed a complaint with the FBI against Donald Trump himself for allegedly violating the Voting Rights Act of 1965. In other words, the group thinks Trump has called for voter intimidation and suppression on a national level. 
Earlier in October, the group also filed a complaint against the Trump campaign and political strategist Roger Stone, saying both were involved with WikiLeaks and also a 'foreign government' behind the hacks that lead to the release of emails from John Podesta, Clinton's campaign chair. 
Podesta referred to the FBI's Friday announcement as 'extraordinary.' 
'It is extraordinary that we would see something like this just 11 days out from a presidential election,' Podesta said . 'The Director owes it to the American people to immediately provide the full details of what he is now examining.' 
In July, after the FBI came to a conclusion on Clinton's private email server and said that no reasonable prosecutor would move forward with criminal charges, the Clinton campaign praised Comey as a 'well-respected Republican who served as George W. Bush's Deputy Attorney General.' 
Brian Fallon, press secretary for the Clinton campaign, shamed Republicans in September , particularly GOP Sen. Chuck Grassley, for 'trying to bully the FBI into serving partisan interests.' 
Article posted with permission from The Daily Caller Foundation . Don't forget to Like Freedom Outpost on Facebook , Google Plus , & Twitter . You can also get Freedom Outpost delivered to your Amazon Kindle device here . shares

ARTICLE

Email 
emen's Houthi militia launched a ballistic missile toward Mecca on Thursday, the Saudi-led coalition intervening in Yemen's civil war said on Saudi state news agency SPA. 
Unfortunately, the U.S. provided Saudi Arabia with patriot missiles and 'the coalition forces destroyed the missile 65 km (40 miles) from the Mecca without damage and retaliated against the launch site inside Yemen,' the statement said. Mecca is home to the most sacred sites in Islam, including the Grand Mosque. Targeting #Mecca , Saudis intercept the 37th ballistic missile launched by Houthis backed by #Iran #HouthisStrikeMecca pic.twitter.com/nQZhL7HcYh 
'” Ø¥Ù†ÙÙˆØ¬Ø±Ø§ÙÙŠÙƒ Ø§Ù„Ø³Ø¹ÙˆØ¯ÙŠØ© (@Infographic_ksa) October 27, 2016 Yemen's Houthis launch missile toward Saudi holy city https://t.co/C8mcOmUyKL 
'” Reuters Top News (@Reuters) October 28, 2016 
Here is a video of the interception: 
The Houthis confirmed the launch of a Burkan-1 ballistic missile into Saudi Arabia in a statement to their official news agency on Friday but said it targeted King Abdulaziz International Airport in Jeddah, the kingdom's busiest airport. However, the coalition forces reveal it was heading towards Mecca. 
The Yemeni Shiite Houthis have always wanted to send a long suppository to Saudi Arabia and so they developed scuds, Burkan 1 ( Volcano 1), range 800 kilometers. Not only did they develop it, but they fired a couple of these babies just a few weeks ago towards Saudi Arabia's Fahd Air Base, near Mecca. 
Here the previous launch from Yemen: 
But this time the target was Mecca, Allah's House (Bait Allah). Iran says that Karbala is Allah's favorite vacation house, not Mecca, which Iran promised that Allah will penetrate with a scud as a last one night-stand with the veiled Burqa dressed Kaaba. 
But the developments of scuds by Yemeni Shiites is not that simple to ignore by Saudi Arabia, which plays a game of cat and mouse with these rebels playing with some serious fire. On August 28th, Saudi Arabia had to send a jet just before this other scud was about to take off destroying it on the ground and at times have the patriots intercept. 

This time the coalition forces destroyed the base of the Mecc-scud: 
Allah in the Quran promised he protects the Kaaba from destruction while the Hadith says in the end it will be destroyed. As it seems, this time the whore of Babylon escaped, but her destruction is well etched in scripture so for now enjoy the weddings. 
Article posted with permission from Shoebat.com  

ARTICLE

Email 
A major political leader in France, Francois-Xavier Peron, has declared that France is about to enter into a devastating war against Islam , and its going to be extremely violent. His solution to prepare? Embrace the Christian Faith and never accept the antichrist masonic religion . 
I did an interview with Mr. Peron about this coming war, and why the Christian Faith must be the religion of the world: 
  Shoebat.com  

ARTICLE

Email 
Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton responded to the latest bombshell about her emails by demanding FBI director James Comey immediately release everything the FBI has discovered. 
She also falsely accused Comey of only sending the letters to Republicans, suggesting he was causing a political firestorm by doing so. Clinton held a brief four-minute press conference with reporters in Iowa Friday, where she has been campaigning. 
'I have now seen Director Comey's letter to Congress,' Clinton said to open her remarks. 'We are 11 days out from perhaps the most important national election in our lifetimes '¦ so the American people deserve to get the full and complete facts immediately.' https://twitter.com/NBCNightlyNews/status/792142514471907329 
'The director himself has said he doesn't know whether the emails referenced in his letter are significant or not,' she continued. 'I'm confident whatever they are will not change the conclusion reached in July. Therefore it's imperative that the Bureau explain this issue and question, whatever it is, without any delay.' 
Clinton said the recent announcement from Comey came as a complete surprise to her and her staff, and that she only learned about it thanks to 'this letter sent to Republican members of the House.' 
While Clinton's rhetoric implies that Comey only contacted Republicans, that's not the case. While only Republicans are listed at the top of Comey's letter (because they hold all House committee chairmanships) Comey's letter was also copied to the Democratic ranking members of each committee. 
Clinton also dismissed as a 'rumor' reports that the email investigation was reopened due to discoveries made during a separate investigation of former Democratic representative Anthony Weiner. Weiner is the husband of top Clinton aide Huma Abedin, though she announced her separation from him following revelations last month that Weiner sexted with an underage girl. That sexting triggered an FBI investigation of its own, which has now circled all the way back to Clinton. 
'We've heard these rumors,' Clinton said. 'We don't know what to believe. That's why it is incumbent upon the FBI to tell us what they're talking about, because right now your guess is as good as mine, and I don't think that's good enough.' 
She then wrapped her conference by once again slamming Comey for supposedly only contacting Republicans. 'If they're going to be sending this kind of letter that is only going originally to Republican members of the House, they need to share whatever facts they have with the American people.' 
  The Daily Caller Foundation  

ARTICLE

Email 
The National Guard, no less. 
Mohamad Bailor Jalloh later said he would like to carry out an attack in the style of Fort Hood mass murdering Muslim Nidal Hasan . He also praised Mohammad Youssef Abdulazeez, who killed five U.S. service members in Chattanooga, Tenn., last year. And Jalloh wanted to assassinate 'someone known for organizing contests for cartoons of the prophet Muhammad.' 
'Ex-National Guard member pleads guilty to terror charge,' AP , October 27, 2016: 
ALEXANDRIA, Va. (AP) '” A former National Guard soldier from Virginia has pleaded guilty to a terrorism charge after admitting that he traveled to Africa and boarded a truck to join the Islamic State group before ultimately bailing out. 
Twenty-seven-year-old Mohamed Jalloh, of Sterling, was arrested in July after a sting operation in which he discussed launching a Fort Hood-style attack. At a plea hearing Thursday in federal court, new details emerged showing Jalloh made contact with the Islamic State before the government became aware of him. 
Jalloh, a naturalized U.S. citizen, admitted Thursday that he traveled to his native Sierra Leone last year and connected with an Islamic State facilitator. While he backed out of traveling to join the Islamic State in Libya, he gave hundreds of dollars to support recruits. 
Article posted with permission from Pamela Geller . Don't forget to Like Freedom Outpost on Facebook , Google Plus , & Twitter . You can also get Freedom Outpost delivered to your Amazon Kindle device here . shares

ARTICLE

https://wikileaks.org/podesta-emails/emailid/5688 
"Bernie and his people have been bitching about super delegates and the huge percentage that have come out for Hillary'¦ We want [Bernie supporters] to go home happy and enthusiastic in working their asses off for Hillary. Why not throw Bernie a bone . . . his people will think they've "won" something from the Party Establishment. And it functionally doesn't make any difference anyway. They win. We don't lose. Everyone is happy." 
'I am doing the opposite, repeatedly writing friendly and positive pieces about Bernie as an HRC supporter, and when the time is right I will have money in the bank with him and his people as a liberal to urge them to come out in force to vote for HRC.' 
"Frankly I thought it was dumb for McCaskill and Gutierrez to be attacking Bernie. We are going to need his voters to turn out in November for HRC, he won't be nominated.' 
"Through internal discussions, we concluded that it was in our interest to: 1) limit the number of debates (and the number in each state); 2) start the debates as late as possible; 3) keep debates out of the busy window between February 1 and February 27, 2016 (Iowa to South Carolina); 4) create a schedule that would allow the later debates to be cancelled if the race is for practical purposes over.' 
The MostDamagingWikileaks.com Reports : 
The person who wrote the superdelegate rules advises the Clinton Campaign how to create an illusion that Bernie people won something so they would work hard for Hillary after she is nominated. More shocking is the fact that they admit that the superdelegates are undemocratic. This guy flat out admitted that he rigged the system, and is proud of it. 
There was also a man who was acting as a mole for Bernie and writing positive/negative things about him then using that reputation to sway Bernie supporters to Hillary. 
Lastly, we see how to rig the debate schedule to be more favorable to her. One on one debates would have been better for Bernie Sanders, so they wanted to avoid that at all costs. They also wanted to limit the number of debates, and start them late to minimize the impact of the debates. 
Hillary is also on audio insulting Bernie supporters by calling them " basement dwellers ". 
17. Hillary was hateful, neglectful, above the law, 'contemptuous' to her security detail, and 'blatantly disregarded' security, (FBI docs) 
https://vault.fbi.gov/hillary-r.-clinton/hillary-r.-clinton-part-04-of-04/view (p. 43-45) 
'CLINTON frequently and 'blatantly' disregarded [security and diplomatic protocols].' 
'This frequently resulted in complaints by ambassadors who were insulted and embarrassed by this breach of protocol'¦ CLINTON's protocol breaches were well known throughout Diplomatic Security and were 'abundant.'' 
''¦ABEDIN possessed 'much more power' over CLINTON's staff and schedule than other former chiefs of staff'¦ was often responsible for overriding security and diplomatic protocols on behalf of CLINTON.' 
''¦Clinton disregarded security and diplomatic protocols, occasionally without regard for the safety of her staff and protection detail, in order to gain favorable press.' 
''¦traveling to Palestine, CLINTON ordered the limousine driver'¦ to open the window while in 'occupied territory', referring to a dangerous area of the West Bank. [He] initially declined to respond to CLINTON's request; however, repeated demands by CLINTON forced him to open his window despite the danger to himself and the occupants.' 
'CLINTON's treatment of DS agents on her protective detail was so contemptuous that many of them sought reassignment or employment elsewhere'¦ it was difficult to find senior agents willing to work with her.' 
The MostDamagingWikileaks.com Reports : 
Look at the first link (highlights all the parts). Seriously, there are way too many to include in the quotes'¦ just a sheer and utter lack of care for protocol, security, and the well being of others. This is the person who people want to be in charge of national security and classified documents. 
Another scary note in this list is the mention of Huma Abedin, Hillary's long time assistant, possessing 'much more power' and overriding security and protocol on Hillary's behalf. Abedin has been strongly rumored to be Hillary's Chief of Staff should she be elected. She also has strong ties to the Muslim Brotherhood . 
18. Clinton Foundation schemed with Big Pharma to keep the price of AIDS drugs high in America and cheaper generic versions out 
https://wikileaks.org/podesta-emails/emailid/24440 
'Since President Clinton's comments were made, we have been contacted by a number of advocacy groups who are now intending to wage a public campaign to bring in generics and lower drug prices. We do not feel we can participate in this without jeopardizing our work around the world. We cannot oppose what they might do, but we also cannot be publicly supporting it either.' 
'we think that publicly pressuring the US and European AIDS drug companies to lower prices and bringing pressure to allow generic AIDS drugs into the United States will have limited if any success and could seriously jeopardize our negotiations to continually lower prices in poor countries'¦ We have always told the drug companies that we would not pressure them' 
"We have always told the drug companies that we would not pressure them and create a slippery slope where prices they negotiate with us for poor countries would inevitably lead to similar prices in rich countries." 
"we suggest that we approach the innovator companies that can currently sell products in the US with the idea of making donations to help clear the ADAP lists." 
"the companies will likely favor a donation approach rather than one that erodes prices across the board. I would guess that they would also likely favor a solution that involved their drugs rather than an approach that allowed generic drugs from India to flood the US market at low prices or one that set a precedent of waiving patent laws on drugs." 
The MostDamagingWikileaks.com Reports : 
When the Clintons are questioned about the obvious sketchiness of their foundation, they routinely cite AIDS work. But the AIDS work is carried out by CHAI ("Clinton Health Access Initiative"), a separate organization. 
CHAI freely admits there is an implicit agreement with the drug companies not to pressure them to lower domestic prices. Bill Clinton made comments that added pressure. CHAI receives a great amount of positive publicity for their AIDS work abroad, and the comments jeopardize that program. Here, CHAI admits it is in their interests for U.S. AIDS drug prices to remain high, so that they can continue getting credit for keeping them low abroad. 
But CHAI is not content with simply fleecing American AIDS sufferers. Since CHAI doesn't want pressure on Pharma companies to linger, they propose to torpedo other AIDS advocacy groups by creating a smaller, watered-down domestic program with the Pharma companies before those other advocacy groups begin their assault in January. 
The Clintons are only out for themselves. In comments on World AIDS day in the subsequent years of 2012 and 2013 , Bill says nothing whatsoever about domestic drug prices. If AIDS advocacy groups cannot trust the Clintons not to stab them in the back, how can the American people? 
Also remember, the Clinton foundation only donates 5.6% of their earnings to charity , despite Hillary knowingly and blatantly lying to the American people by claiming they donated 90% at the last debate, but she is counting on you to not do research, and her mainstream media to not report it. 
19. CNN leaked primary debate question to Hillary through head of DNC

ARTICLE

Email It's not just the FBI that has been forced to reveal that they've made new and worrisome discoveries about Hillary Clinton's email scandal . 
The Department of the Defense apparently sent Congress a letter on Tuesday detailing their discovery of at least 1,000 new, previously unknown Clinton emails between she and General David Petraeus. House Oversight Orders DoD Sec. Ashton Carter Hand Over Clinton E-Mails to Pertraeus. #DC https://t.co/E19GbZ8SX6 pic.twitter.com/aghRlCMbqI 
'” Bruce Porter, Jr. (@NetworksManager) October 29, 2016 LOOKs like it declassified this morning now Ashton Carter n mix wonder how many going down 4 #HillarysEmail #DoD #DC https://t.co/vzQlohNZ4r 
'” Bruce Porter, Jr. (@NetworksManager) October 29, 2016 Mon House likely knew more #HillarysEmail Tues House order DoD give Clinton-Petraeus emails 
'” Bruce Porter, Jr. (@NetworksManager) October 29, 2016 
These 1,000 new emails are likely to be quite important, considering that the General was the Commander of CENTCOM and then the Director of the CIA. While we may not know what appeared in these emails, the probability that these are simple boilerplate political issues is low. The most likely reason for Clinton and Petraeus to be communicating would be to discuss classified security issues. 
Even more troublesome (for Clinton and for our national security) is what the FBI seems to have discovered on devices acquired from Anthony Weiner (and Huma Abedin). 
The FBI seems to have discovered ' tens of thousands' of emails on a laptop belonging to Abedin, and in those emails they've discovered a worrisome amount of obviously classified material . 
What is more troubling is the amount of redaction involved in these emails which migrated to the open email account, which as we now know ended up in Anthony Weiner's computer: in the above example, the two pages of timetables and deliverables attached to the email were 100 percent redacted, with 'PAGE DENIED' stamped across the first redacted page. 
An argument can be made that the extensive redaction confirms confidential material was part of the transmission'¦ 
'¦ According to the NYT , the number of Huma emails that made their way to Weiner's PC was staggering: 
The F.B.I. is investigating illicit text messages that Mr. Weiner, a former Democratic congressman from New York, sent to a 15-year-old girl in North Carolina. The bureau told Congress on Friday that it had uncovered new emails related to the Clinton case '” one federal official said they numbered in the tens of thousand 
While this could (and should) damage Hillary Clinton's presidential hopes, the latest revelations could mean even stiffer punishment for Abedin in the not-too-distant future. Remember, Abedin swore under oath that had given up each and every device that contained State Department emails, and that she had held nothing back from investigators. This latest discovery proves that story to be a complete lie. 
This should serve as a reminder to everyone that Hillary Clinton isn't the only person involved in this morass that deserves to serve time in prison. There is a small circle of Clinton confidantes that all owe the American people a few years in a federal prison, including Huma Abedin . 
Article posted with permission from Constitution.com Don't forget to Like Freedom Outpost on Facebook , Google Plus , & Twitter . You can also get Freedom Outpost delivered to your Amazon Kindle device here . shares

ARTICLE

Email 
Watch this devout Muslim run wild through the Cascade mall opening fire on unsuspecting shoppers, searching for more victims as they ran for their lives '” in the cause of Islam , the religion of peace . Any criticism of this savagery will result in charges of being 'racist' and 'islamophobic' '“ embrace it, we are told. 
Video released of shooting rampage by Muslim migrant and Hillary Clinton illegal voter. Arcan Cetin, 20, of Oak Harbor, Washington was an immigrant from Turkey '” not a citizen, but a legal permanent resident of the United States. 
And Hillary wants to increase the hijrah by 550%. 
Video Released From Washington State Mall Shooting 
Burlington WA '“ Video footage from a mall in Washington state captured the fear and panic that broke out when a man carrying a rifle opened fire inside a Macy's department store. 
Some shoppers at the Cascade Mall in Burlington, Washington, ran and others hid behind clothing racks as a lone shooter with a rifle searched for his targets. 
He fired at a teenage girl near some racks, shot a woman trying to hide from him behind a counter and killed two women who huddled together. 
The Sept. 23 shooting left a teenage girl, three women and one man dead. 
Arcan Cetin of Oak Harbor is being held on suspicion of five counts of first-degree, premeditated 
murder. Bail was set at $2 million. Prosecutors have until Jan. 6, 2017 to file formal charges. 
Article reposted with permission from PamelaGeller.com

ARTICLE

But God's law ? 
Um'¦no thank you. 
Law apart from God is beautiful to most Americans. Law defined by God is abhorrent to most of the same people. 
Think about that and you'll quickly get clarity as to why we are where we are in America. 
Just swap 'law' for 'God's law' and the otherwise adored and championed concept as embraced and proclaimed throughout the land by gajillions of supposedly God-loving American people suddenly becomes something to fear, avoid, run away from, deny, ignore, work around and/or generally malign. 
Replace 'law' with 'God's law' and you will find most 'conservative Christian' types in America flipping like a switch in conversations about how government and law ought to be approached here in *ahem* God's creation. 
Much like the concepts freedom, liberty, prosperity, success, and peace, the concept of law has been thoroughly separated from God in the minds of most politically active conservatives claiming the name of Christ in America. 
In short, it is self-described conservative Christians in America who have long modeled the open contempt for God's Law that has led us to where we are now. 
Talk about the importance of generic law in America, and these people will cheer and champion your cause. 
Talk about the importance of God's Law in America, and they'll more often than not rail against the notion and turn on your personally for even bringing the idea into focus. 
'We the People' are God in practice , after all. 
'We the People' are free to define our own approach to reality based on our (ever-shifting) standards as we see fit, at least as far as most politically active professing Christian conservatives in the land are concerned. 
Don't believe me? 
Just ask 'em what they think about 'law.' 
Let them go on as long as they like in response. Ask obvious follow-up questions honestly and encourage them to give detailed answers. 
Then, after they've made their view of law and its role in America plain, ask 'em the same question about God's Law and its binding authority over America and every other part of God's creation. 
Article reposted with permission from Fire Breathing Christian Don't forget to Like Freedom Outpost on Facebook , Google Plus , & Twitter . You can also get Freedom Outpost delivered to your Amazon Kindle device here .

ARTICLE

Email 
I realize that this headline must sound extremely bizarre, but in this article I will explain why this could actually happen. We have just learned that the FBI has obtained a search warrant that will enable the agency to examine approximately 650,000 emails that are sitting on electronic devices owned by Huma Abedin and her estranged husband Anthony Weiner. Now that the FBI is going through these emails, it is unlikely but still possible that a decision about whether or not to charge Hillary Clinton with a crime could be made by November 8th. Of course the most likely scenario is that Hillary Clinton will not be indicted before election day and that Americans will be voting with this scandal hanging ominously over the Clinton campaign. But if the FBI does quickly take action, it is possible that Hillary Clinton could be forced from the race before election day, and that would require the Democrats to come up with a new candidate. 
In fact, there are already calls in the mainstream media for Clinton to willingly remove herself from the race. For example, the following comes from a Chicago Tribune article entitled ' Democrats should ask Clinton to step aside ''¦ 
So what should the Democrats do now? 
If ruling Democrats hold themselves to the high moral standards they impose on the people they govern, they would follow a simple process: 
They would demand that Mrs. Clinton step down, immediately, and let her vice presidential nominee, Sen. Tim Kaine of Virginia, stand in her place. 
Democrats should say, honestly, that with a new criminal investigation going on into events around her home-brew email server from the time she was secretary of state, having Clinton anywhere near the White House is just not a good idea. 
But what the author of that article does not understand is that Tim Kaine would not automatically take her place if Clinton steps down before the election. In a previous article , I included a quote from a U.S. News & World Report article that explained what would happen if Hillary Clinton was removed from the Democratic ticket for some reason prior to November 8th'¦ 
If Clinton were to fall off the ticket, Democratic National Committee members would gather to vote on a replacement. DNC members acted as superdelegates during this year's primary and overwhelmingly backed Clinton over boat-rocking socialist Sen. Bernie Sanders of Vermont. 
DNC spokesman Mark Paustenbach says there currently are 445 committee members '“ a number that changes over time and is guided by the group's bylaws, which give membership to specific officeholders and party leaders and hold 200 spots for selection by states, along with an optional 75 slots DNC members can choose to fill. 
But the party rules for replacing a presidential nominee merely specify that a majority of members must be present at a special meeting called by the committee chairman. The meeting would follow procedures set by the DNC Rules and Bylaws Committee and proxy voting would not be allowed. 
So if this email scandal forced Hillary Clinton to exit the race at the last minute, a majority of the members of the Democratic National Committee would gather to select a new nominee. 
Who would they choose? 
Let's take a look at the top five options'¦ 
#1 Tim Kaine 
He would seem to be an obvious choice since he is Hillary Clinton's running mate. But to win a national campaign you need to have name recognition, and most Americans outside of the state of Virginia have very little familiarity with him. 
And at this point he has proven to have very little popularity on the campaign trail. In fact, attendance at many of his rallies in key swing states can be measured in the dozens. 
So to me it seems unlikely that the DNC would select Kaine as the replacement nominee. 
#2 Joe Biden 
Vice-President Joe Biden has far more name recognition than Tim Kaine does, and in recent days he has been touting how he believes that he would have actually won the nomination if he would have decided to run '¦ 
Vice President Joe Biden said in a recent interview that he believed he could have beat former secretary of state Hillary Clinton for the Democratic presidential nomination had he pursued it. 
Biden was asked in an interview with CNN Saturday if news that the FBI was re-opening their criminal probe into Clinton's use of a private email server while secretary of state made him second-guess his decision last year not to run. 
But according to the vice president, the short answer is 'no.' The only thing that kept him from running, Biden said, was the recent death of his son, Beau. 
Unfortunately for Biden, he suffers from many of the same things that Kaine does. 
Biden is boring, he is not very good on the campaign trail, and he doesn't have the sort of charisma that would motivate people to go to the polls in large numbers. 
Biden would probably represent the 'safest' choice for the Democrats, but he might not be a winning choice. 
#3 Bernie Sanders 
Bernie Sanders would seem to be a logical choice since he was the runner-up to Hillary Clinton, but the truth is that there are a lot of things working against Bernie Sanders. 
First of all, he does not have any real loyalty to the Democrats. He has previously operated as an independent, and he expressed a desire to return to independent status once the campaign was over. 
Secondly, the Democratic establishment very much dislikes him, and that plays a huge role in decisions such as this. 
Thirdly, Democratic insiders fear that he would be 'another McGovern' and would get absolutely wiped out in a general election. 
So even though he is very popular with the radical left, it appears that Sanders would be the least likely choice on this list. 
#4 Elizabeth Warren 
Elizabeth Warren would be very popular with the 'Bernie Sanders' wing of the party, and she would enable the party to replace Hillary Clinton with another woman. 
So she is definitely a possibility. 
But she does lack name recognition, and just like Sanders there would be concern that the Republicans would frame her candidacy as 'another McGovern' because of her far left policies. 
#5 Michelle Obama 
One recent survey found that 67 percent of all Democrats would rather have a third term for Obama than a first term for Hillary Clinton. 
And these days Barack Obama's approval rating is running anywhere from +9 to +11. 
So the thought of another Obama in the White House is not as far-fetched as you might think. 
Michelle Obama has better name recognition than anyone else on this list, and she is generally very well-liked by the American people. And she has received a tremendous amount of praise for her work on the campaign trail recently. For instance, her recent speech in New Hampshire was lauded as 'the most influential speech of the 2016 campaign' in a recent MSN article entitled ' In this campaign, Michelle Obama became more than just another political voice ''¦ 
The speech, amplified by timing and met with an enthusiastic response, cemented Obama's place as a star of the presidential race and put a defining stroke not just on how women view Trump, but also on herself as a voice of moral authority. Three months before leaving the White House, she already is among the ranks of public figures who transcend politics and title. 
'When you rise to a level like that, you see how much weight your words carry,' said Anita McBride, former chief of staff to Laura Bush and executive in residence at the School of Public Affairs at American University. 'We know she didn't like politics. But she was impassioned by the language that was used, and she feels compelled to speak out. People listen to her.' 
If I were the Democrats, Michelle Obama is the one that I would select if a replacement nominee was needed, because she would give them the very best chance of winning against Donald Trump. 
Of course the Obamas are just as radical as Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren, but the American people have become quite comfortable with them at this point. 
And I certainly hope that Michelle Obama does not become the nominee if Hillary Clinton has to step aside, because Donald Trump would have an exceedingly difficult time defeating her. 
In the final analysis, none of this is probably going to matter anyway because it is unlikely that the FBI will move quickly enough to force Hillary Clinton out before election day, but there is still a small chance that it could actually happen. 
And if it does happen, it is going to turn politics in America completely upside down. 
Take a look at the future of America: The Beginning of the End and then prepare Don't forget to Like Freedom Outpost on Facebook , Google Plus , & Twitter . You can also get Freedom Outpost delivered to your Amazon Kindle device here .

ARTICLE

Email 
A member of our Liberty Alliance family was recently hammered by Facebook censors for providing content that proved to be too honest to share on social media. The ladies at 100% Fed Up have been doing their patriotic duty for several years now, and they've built up quite a following on social media. In fact, they're well over 850K followers on Facebook, where they share most of their cutting edge, unvarnished content with other patriots. Recently, they woke up to find that their page had been shut down by the liberal extremists who lord over Facebook's content. 
The 100% Fed Up ladies recently spoke to Breitbart about the persecution they, and other conservative groups, have faced at the hands of the media giants at Facebook, Twitter, and Google. 
'It's a sickening feeling to know you're being censored not for any horrible thing you've done, but for trying to tell the truth to millions of people. Are we living in America? Seriously, our First Amendment rights have been slowly eroding away bit by bit'¦ 
When we woke-up and saw a note at the top of our Facebook page, with no explanation as to why, telling us that our page had been 'unpublished and cannot be published again,' our greatest fear was realized'¦ 
The 100 Percent FED UP Facebook page was borne out of frustration by Patty and I after we discovered how far left our media had become. We were frustrated by the lack of desire by so-called journalists to investigate corrupt dealings with our politicians in Washington, or to reveal the truth about illegal immigration, or the abuse of our veterans, entitlement programs and so much more.' 
Read the whole story over at Breitbart . 
Lest you think this is a one-time random problem that just happened to occur during the presidential race, our good friend (and another Liberty Alliance partner) Joe Newby recently wrote a book cataloguing Facebook's history of censorship in defense of liberal and jihadi causes. The book is called Banned: How Facebook Enables Militant Islamic Jihad , and it is a must read for anyone interested in free speech issues. 
While militant jihad is exploding throughout the Islamic world, westerners are increasingly subjected to gravely perilous circumstances. Americans, Israelis, and Europeans are in their direct crosshairs. 
Jihadists congregate on social media, 'friend' like-minded Islamists, and plot global jihad. With over 1.6 billion users worldwide, Facebook is the world's largest social media site. It has become the de factoInternet since nearly every site connects to it. With that size comes great power'“the power to lift up and the power to destroy. CEO Mark Zuckerberg promised to stifle negative stories of 'migrants' and assured Muslims he would make his site a welcoming place for them. Banned explains how social media in general and Facebook in particular seems to operate with a double standard that ultimately enables militant Islamic jihad. 
If you care about Facebook's censorship of conservative causes, please get involved and start sharing our content and the content of sites like 100% Fed Up and Conservative Firing Line . We can't win this battle against liberal fascism unless we work together to overcome the censorship of the left. 
Article reposted with permission from Constitution.com Don't forget to Like Freedom Outpost on Facebook , Google Plus , & Twitter . You can also get Freedom Outpost delivered to your Amazon Kindle device here .

ARTICLE

Email 
There is very little truth in politics today. We all, for different reasons, pull for a letter or party rather than for character and ability. We will spin for our candidate because of the party we root for so that others will blindly follow the party line. 
If my guys are running the country, we think, then things will be better. Even though these guys support and do things that are contrary to our definition of "better." So, when a person comes out and speaks truth about 'their' candidate, it can be refreshing. 
This is why I am so excited by what I read recently 
The Washington Times reports : 
Lesbian feminist author and professor Camille Paglia has delivered a scathing rebuke of Hillary Clinton , saying the sole reason for the Democratic presidential nominee's success is because she is a woman. 
'It's an outrage how she's played the gender card,' Ms. Paglia told The Spectator magazine in an interview published Friday. 'She is a woman without accomplishment. 'I sponsored or co-sponsored 400 bills.' Oh really? These were bills to rename bridges and so forth. And the things she has accomplished have been like the destabilization of North Africa, causing refugees to flood into Italy '¦ The woman is a disaster!' 
Paglia is well-known for her attacks on modern feminism. And she has boldly stated the truth about this anti-feminist woman, Hillary Clinton . Hillary is a woman who is only well-known because of her womanizing sex-offending husband. 
As I have shown before, there actually may be a shift in power, as those the Democrats have used to gain said power are finally noticing that they are receiving almost nothing in return for their vote. 
Paglia says as much. 
The Times continue: 
'If Hillary wins, nothing will change,' she continued. 'She knows the bureaucracy, all the offices of government and that's what she likes to do, sit behind the scenes and manipulate the levers of power. But people want change and they're sick of the establishment.' 
She even went as far as giving a point to Trump: 
Ms. Paglia said it's very unlikely that a Donald Trump presidency would threaten Western civilization, as so many pundits and politicians have predicted. 
Things they are changing. 
Article reposted with permission from Constitution.com Don't forget to Like Freedom Outpost on Facebook , Google Plus , & Twitter . You can also get Freedom Outpost delivered to your Amazon Kindle device here .

ARTICLE

Email 
In the world of politics, the cover-up is often worse than the original crime. It was his role in the Watergate cover-up that took down Richard Nixon, and now Hillary Clinton's cover-up of her email scandal could send her to prison for a very, very long time. When news broke that the FBI has renewed its investigation into Hillary Clinton's emails, it sent shockwaves throughout the political world . But this time around, we aren't just talking about an investigation into the mishandling of classified documents. I haven't heard anyone talking about this, but if the FBI discovers that Hillary Clinton altered, destroyed or concealed any emails that should have been turned over to the FBI during the original investigation, she could be charged with obstruction of justice. That would immediately end her political career, and if she was found guilty it could send her to prison for the rest of her life. 
I have not seen a single news report mention the phrase 'obstruction of justice' yet, but I am convinced that there is a very good chance that this is where this scandal is heading. The following is the relevant part of the federal statute that deals with obstruction of justice '¦ 
Whoever knowingly alters, destroys, mutilates, conceals, covers up, falsified, or makes a false entry in any record, document, or tangible object with the intent to impede, obstruct, or influence the investigation or proper administration of any matter within the jurisdiction of any department or agency of the United States or any case filed under Title 11, or in relation to or contemplation of any such matter or case, shall be fined under this title, imprisoned not more than 20 years, or both. 
If Hillary Clinton is sent to prison for 20 years, that would essentially be for the rest of her life. 
I have a feeling that the FBI is going to find a great deal of evidence of obstruction of justice in Huma Abedin's emails. But unfortunately there is not likely to be a resolution to this matter before November 8th, because according to the Wall Street Journal there are approximately 650,000 emails to search through'¦ 
As federal agents prepare to scour roughly 650,000 emails to see how many relate to a prior probe of Hillary Clinton 's email use, the surprise disclosure that investigators were pursuing the potential new evidence lays bare building tensions inside the bureau and the Justice Department over how to investigate the Democratic presidential nominee. 
Metadata found on the laptop used by former Rep. Anthony Weiner and his estranged wife Huma Abedin, a close Clinton aide, suggests there may be thousands of emails sent to or from the private server that Mrs. Clinton used while she was secretary of state, according to people familiar with the matter. It will take weeks, at a minimum, to determine whether those messages are work-related from the time Ms. Abedin served with Mrs. Clinton at the State Department; how many are duplicates of emails already reviewed by the Federal Bureau of Investigation; and whether they include either classified information or important new evidence in the Clinton email probe. 
Of those 650,000 emails, an inside source told Fox News that ' at least 10,000 ' would be of interest to the investigation. 
At this point, FBI officials have not even begun searching through the emails, because a search warrant has not been secured yet. The following comes from CNN '¦ 
Government lawyers haven't yet approached Abedin's lawyers to seek an agreement to conduct the search. Sources earlier told CNN that those discussions had begun, but the law enforcement officials now say they have not. 
Either way, government lawyers plan to seek a search warrant from a judge to conduct the search of the computer, the law enforcement officials said. 
But the FBI is reportedly already searching a laptop that was co-owned by Anthony Weiner and Huma Abedin, and no warrant was necessary for that search because Weiner is cooperating with the FBI. 
Many have been wondering why FBI Director James Comey would choose to make such a bold move just over a week until election day. Surely he had to know that this would have a dramatic impact on the election, and it is unlikely that he would have done so unless someone had already found something really big. In addition, Comey was reportedly eager to find an opportunity to redeem himself in the eyes of his peers at the FBI. The following is an excerpt from a Daily Mail article that was written by Ed Klein, the author of a recently released New York Times bestseller about the Clintons entitled ' Guilty As Sin ''¦ 
'The atmosphere at the FBI has been toxic ever since Jim announced last July that he wouldn't recommend an indictment against Hillary,' said the source, a close friend who has known Comey for nearly two decades, shares family outings with him, and accompanies him to Catholic mass every week. 
'Some people, including department heads, stopped talking to Jim, and even ignored his greetings when they passed him in the hall,' said the source. 'They felt that he betrayed them and brought disgrace on the bureau by letting Hillary off with a slap on the wrist.' 
According to the source, Comey fretted over the problem for months and discussed it at great length with his wife, Patrice. 
He told his wife that he was depressed by the stack of resignation letters piling up on his desk from disaffected agents. The letters reminded him every day that morale in the FBI had hit rock bottom. 
So what happens next? 
In the most likely scenario, the FBI will not have time to complete the investigation and decide whether or not to charge Hillary Clinton before the election. This means that we would go into November 8th with this scandal hanging over the Clinton campaign, and that would seem to be very good news for Donald Trump. 
However, it is possible that once the FBI starts searching through these emails that they could come to the conclusion very rapidly that charges against Clinton are warranted, and if that happens we could still see some sort of announcement before election day. 
In the unlikely event that does happen, we could actually see Hillary Clinton forced out of the race before November 8th. 
Once again, this appears to be very unlikely at this point, but it is still possible. 
If Clinton was forced to step aside, the Democrats would need to come up with a new nominee, and that process would take time. In an article later today on The Most Important News I will reveal who I believe that nominee would be. 
In such a scenario, the Democrats would desperately need time to get their act together, and so we could actually see Barack Obama attempt to delay or suspend the election . The legality of such a move is highly questionable, but Barack Obama has not allowed a little thing like the U.S. Constitution to stop him in the past. 
This week is going to be exceedingly interesting '“ that is for sure. 
The craziest election in modern American history just keeps getting crazier, and I have a feeling that even more twists and turns are ahead. 
It sure seems ironic that Anthony Weiner is playing such a central role this late in the story, and I can't wait to see what is in store for the season finale. 
Take a look at the future of America: The Beginning of the End and then prepare Don't forget to Like Freedom Outpost on Facebook , Google Plus , & Twitter . You can also get Freedom Outpost delivered to your Amazon Kindle device here .

ARTICLE

Email 
According to the reports, it appears the Muslims who accused him had no proof- they did this just for spite. They hate Christians and wanted to see a Christian die. 
The boy was eventually released, but not after pressure from international Christians aid groups. No Koran copy was ever found. The boy and his family are now in hiding, since Muslims are threatening to murder them if they find them: 
Inzam was at school when he was accused of having burnt a Koran on 20th October 2016, his mother Shakil who works as a Nurse at Civil Hospital, in Quetta was arrested with him on 21st October after registration of First Information Report (FIR) 167. 
The arrests were made without investigation on the testimony of a Muslim witness and was totally in accordance with the draconian blasphemy laws of Pakistan. A Muslim witness is given higher authority then non-Muslim testimonies under sharia law, these are Islamic laws that determine Pakistani law. 
News of the arrests created huge community tension, however prompt police action prevented threats to the Christian community and the formation of a mob from becoming a full scale attack on an innocent Christian community. 
Over the next four days local politicians and the BPCA have been clamouring for justice for the innocent mother and child. Four days by a miracle the two victims were released from Civil Lines Police station in Quetta on 25th October. The mother and child have expressed in no uncertain terms that they had been interrogated and suffered torture during their 4 day detainment. However despite their treatment they both did not confess to the crime of blasphemy. 
Moreover, Police have confirmed that no evidence of any alleged Koran desecration was found. ( source ) 
'¦ 
Nasir Saeed, director of the Centre for Legal Aid, Assistance and Settlement, said in a statement that bringing blasphemy charges against a 9-year-old child shows just how the blasphemy laws are being used to promote hatred toward Christians. 
'He may have never have even heard the word of blasphemy,' Saeed said, referring to Izhan. 'Unfortunately, this is the worst example of hatred and intolerance against Christians and treatment toward them in Pakistan.' 
'The government of Pakistan must look into such cases and take appropriate steps to bring necessary changes to stop the ongoing misuse of this law,' he added. 'The international community has continuously expressed its concern and called for amendments.' ( source ) 
Violence against Christians in the Muslim world is rampant. Nobody is safe from accusations, torture, and death for no reason other than being a Christian, not even a small child. Daily life is for many Christians in places like Pakistan like living under the reign of Diocletian during the 4th century, who had Christians arrested and tortured just for fun, no differently than what happens in the Muslim world today. 
The West is not without its problems, and certainly there is a tremendous one today with Islam. However, there are many places in this world where Christians have literally no money, no place to go, and no help from anybody except Christ alone absolutely. Never forget them- for they are truly the Church suffering. 
Article posted with permission from Shoebat.com . Article by Andrew Bieszad. Don't forget to Like Freedom Outpost on Facebook , Google Plus , & Twitter . You can also get Freedom Outpost delivered to your Amazon Kindle device here . shares

ARTICLE

Email 
A petition to reverse the decision by Secretary of the Navy Ray Mabus to make the entire job title system gender-neutral has reached more than 100,000 signatures, forcing a White House review. 
The petition soared to 50,000 within the first week of its launch in late September, but for the rest of October, it was an open question of whether it would reach its goal. 
But as of Monday morning, the petition reached 102,591 signatures , which reflects the fact that the new job title change is viewed in an almost universally unfavorable light. 
'For 241 Years Navy personnel have been identified by their Job specialty, known as a 'Rating.' The oldest rates such as Boatswain Mates, and Gunners Mate predate the founding of this country,' the petition states. 'Being known by your job title was a sense of pride. A sign of accomplishment. The Secretary of the Navy and Chief of Naval Operations just senselessly erased this tradition. One only has to visit Navy social media pages to see the disgust and outrage of current and former personnel.' 
'One by one current leadership continues to erode the very things that set the Navy apart from the other services,' the petition continues. 'Mr. President, I and the others signing this petition request you use your authority to restore to our Sailors what they have earned.' 
But reversing what the military deems progress is an uphill challenge. 
Navy officials try to justify the change by saying it will grant sailors better career opportunities, but hardly anyone is convinced. 
In late September, the Navy eliminated its historic job title system in a move officials admitted was linked to concerns about gender neutrality. The only title to escape unscathed is 'seaman' for E-3s and under. 
The job title change effort was developed by then-Master Chief Petty Officer of the Navy Mike Stevens, who retired just before the Navy actually made the official announcement of the major switch. 
Article posted with permission from The Daily Caller News Foundation Don't forget to Like Freedom Outpost on Facebook , Google Plus , & Twitter . You can also get Freedom Outpost delivered to your Amazon Kindle device here . shares

ARTICLE

 
The wickedness of the Hillary Clinton campaign knows no limits. When emails were leaked, Clinton's campaign manager sent an email to John Podesta suggest not that they admit the truth and repent, but attempt to deceive the American people further by putting out their own leaks as a decoy. 
The Daily Caller reports: 
Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign manager wanted to leak an announcement '” presumably officially announcing her presidential candidacy '” as a 'decoy' after the New York Times first reported her email scandal in March 2015. 
'I think we should get a credible leak out that we're announcing on the 20th. As a decoy,' campaign manager Robby Mook told Clinton adviser John Podesta in a March 12, 2015, email 10 days after the New York Times story broke. The email was made public Monday by Wikileaks. 
Completing this poll entitles you to Daily Caller news updates free of charge. You may opt out at anytime. You also agree to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.Podesta didn't respond to the email thread and Clinton's campaign didn't officially announce her candidacy until April 12, 2015. 
Clinton's use of private email addresses and a homebrew server located in her New York mansion to conduct official Department of State business and communicate classified information continues to plague her candidacy, with less than one week before the presidential election. 
What are some of these decoys? Several have shown up at the Baltimore Gazette . Then there is this from Reuters. 
Isn't this just the way Communists operate in putting out their propaganda? I mean we expect it in Communist countries, but this is just outright deception by the Clinton campaign. If you want to know what you would see in a Clinton White House, just recall the lies of Bill Clinton . Then, combine those with the lies of Barack Hussein Obama Soetoro Sobarkah and you might get close to the amount of lies you will be told daily from Hillary Clinton and her administration.  

ARTICLE

In an epic demonstration of showing the that the Democrat Party if full of manure, someone took it upon themselves to dump a truckload of manure in front of the headquarters of the Warren County Democratic Party headquarters in Ohio. 
The Washington Post reports : 
For those who think this election season can't get crappier, we bring you to Warren County, Ohio, where a large truckload of manure was dumped in front of Warren County Democratic Party headquarters in Lebanon, about 35 miles northeast of Cincinnati. 
A sheriff's deputy was the first to notice the pile and alerted office leaders of it about 8 a.m. Saturday, local party officials told The Washington Post. 
Amanda Kelley with WLWT tweeted the following picture. Meanwhile today at Warren County Democratic Headquarters someone dumped a pile of manure #wlwt #Election2016 pic.twitter.com/1rYcOzGZjS 
'” Amanda Kelley (@AmandaWLWT) October 29, 2016 
David Pepper commented: When they dump manure, we go high! One of our best performing offices, generating strong D early vote. Lesson: keep organizing while they bs pic.twitter.com/0pbrUEPG1O 
'” David Pepper (@DavidPepper) October 29, 2016 
In 2012, something very similar occurred. A pile of manure was dumped almost in front of the headquarters in identical fashion. 
"At the time, we did not have a camera system, because it kind of caught us by surprise," Bethe Goldenfield, chairwoman of the Warren County Democratic Party, said of the 2012 dump. "We didn't think something like that would happen." 
This time, the act was caught on surveillance video that the Warren County Sheriff's Office is now reviewing, Goldenfield said. She did not want to elaborate on what the cameras captured because it was an open investigation, but she noted that it involved a dump truck. 
"And I'm not going to jump to the conclusion that it was the same person [as in 2012], but of course that crossed my mind," Goldenfield said. "We just need to have a little more specifics, and then hopefully we'll bring the perpetrators to be accountable." 
It appears to me this is something akin to the Boston Tea Party, only in this case whoever dumped the manure probably paid for it to make a political statement, one that we already know to be true and both the crimes of Barack Hussein Obama Soetoro Sobarkah and Hillary Clinton have demonstrated. That statement is that the Democrat Party is the BS party and cannot be trusted.   shares

ARTICLE

According to a report, Attorney General Loretta Lynch advised FBI Director James Comey to not send a letter to Congress that would inform them of new emails the agency discovered in their investigation of Hillary Clinton 's illegal email server. 
The New Yorker reported : 
On Friday, James Comey , the director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, acting independently of Attorney General Loretta Lynch, sent a letter to Congress saying that the F.B.I. had discovered e-mails that were potentially relevant to the investigation of Hillary Clinton 's private server. Coming less than two weeks before the Presidential election, Comey's decision to make public new evidence that may raise additional legal questions about Clinton was contrary to the views of the Attorney General, according to a well-informed Administration official. Lynch expressed her preference that Comey follow the department's longstanding practice of not commenting on ongoing investigations, and not taking any action that could influence the outcome of an election , but he said that he felt compelled to do otherwise. 
Comey's decision is a striking break with the policies of the Department of Justice, according to current and former federal legal officials. Comey, who is a Republican appointee of President Obama, has a reputation for integrity and independence, but his latest action is stirring an extraordinary level of concern among legal authorities, who see it as potentially affecting the outcome of the Presidential and congressional elections. 
"You don't do this," one former senior Justice Department official said. "It's aberrational. It violates decades of practice." The reason, according to the former official, who asked not to be identified because of ongoing cases involving the department, "is because it impugns the integrity and reputation of the candidate, even though there's no finding by a court, or in this instance even an indictment." 
In the letter that Comey sent to staffers , he expressed that he was under an obligation to inform the people's representatives of the finding. 
"Of course, we don't ordinarily tell Congress about ongoing investigations, but here I feel an obligation to do so given that I testified repeatedly in recent months that our investigation was completed," Comey wrote. "I also think it would be misleading to the American people were we not to supplement the record." 
"At the same time, however, given that we don't know the significance of this newly discovered collection of emails, I don't want to create a misleading impression," he added. "In trying to strike that balance, in a brief letter and in the middle of an election season there is significant risk of being misunderstood." 
What I don't get, or maybe I really do, is that Comey would not recommend charges against Clinton when he knew for a fact that she broke federal law and had the evidence in hand to prove it. So, don't be deceived by this recent opening of the Clinton probe into her email crimes . Nothing is going to come of it because all of these people are in bed together and they are merely putting on a show for the American people. Mark my words. Don't forget to Like Freedom Outpost on Facebook , Google Plus , & Twitter . You can also get Freedom Outpost delivered to your Amazon Kindle device here . shares

ARTICLE

Email 
The fix is in. 
If the latest flurry of emails from the Clinton Camp prove anything, it's that Hillary Clinton 's organization has been actively manipulating and rigging the Presidential election from the get-go. We know for a fact that she colluded with Democratic National Committee to marginalize Bernie Sanders . We know her mainstream media cohorts gave her debate questions ahead of time. We know that she actively hired and organized actions in Chicago and elsewhere to make it look like Donald Trump supporters were violent. And we know from recently released John Podesta emails that they have been tampering with polls through over sampling. We also know that dead democrats all over the country are voting in the Presidential election. 
Thus, it stands to reason that if there's any way to rig actual election outcomes either through hacking electronic voting systems or other ballot machinations, the Clinton campaign will do everything in their power to take advantage of it. 
In the video below The Daily Sheeple's Weekly Word explains that there are five key states that are actively being target for election fraud: 
Watch at Youtube 
Article posted with permission from SHTFPlan Don't forget to Like Freedom Outpost on Facebook , Google Plus , & Twitter . You can also get Freedom Outpost delivered to your Amazon Kindle device here . shares

ARTICLE

Email 
When Time-Warner announced it planned to merge with another major communications firm, many feared the new company would exercise near-total monopoly power. These concerns led some to call for government action to block the merger in order to protect both Time-Warner's competitors and consumers. 
No, I am not talking about Time-Warner's recent announced plan to merge with AT&T, but the reaction to Time-Warner's merger with (then) Internet giant AOL in 2000. Far from creating an untouchable leviathan crushing all competitors, the AOL-Time-Warner merger fell apart in under a decade. 
The failure of AOL-Time-Warner demonstrates that even the biggest companies are vulnerable to competition if there is open entry into the marketplace. AOL-Time-Warner failed because consumers left them for competitors offering lower prices and/or better quality. 
Corporate mergers and 'hostile' takeovers can promote economic efficiency by removing inefficient management and boards of directors. These managers and board members often work together to promote their own interests instead of generating maximum returns for investors by providing consumers with affordable, quality products. Thus, laws making it difficult to launch a "hostile" takeover promote inefficient use of resources and harm investors, workers, and consumers. 
Monopolies and cartels are creations of government, not markets. For example, the reason the media is dominated by a few large companies is that no one can operate a television or radio station unless they obtain federal approval and pay federal licensing fees. Similarly, anyone wishing to operate a cable company must not only comply with federal regulations, they must sign a 'franchise' agreement with their local government. Fortunately, the Internet has given Americans greater access to news and ideas shut out by the government-licensed lapdogs of the "mainstream" media. This may be why so many politicians are anxious to regulate the web. 
Government taxes and regulations are effective means of limiting competition in an industry. Large companies can afford the costs of complying with government regulations, costs which cripple their smaller competitors. Big business can also afford to hire lobbyists to ensure that new laws and regulations favor big business. 
Examples of regulations that benefit large corporations include the Food and Drug Administration's (FDA) regulations that raise costs of developing a new drug, as well as limit consumers ability to learn about natural alternatives to pharmaceuticals. Another example is the Dodd-Frank legislation, which has strengthened large financial intuitions while harming their weaker competitors. 
Legislation forcing consumers to pay out-of-state sales tax on their online purchases is a classic case of business seeking to use government to harm less politically-powerful competitors. This legislation is being pushed by large brick-and-mortar stores and Internet retailers who are seeking a government-granted advantage over smaller competitors. 
Many failed mergers and acquisitions result from the distorted signals sent to business and investors by the Federal Reserve's inflationary monetary policy. Perhaps the most famous example of this is the AOL-Time-Warner fiasco, which was a direct result of the Fed-created dot.com bubble. 
In a free market , mergers between businesses enable consumers to benefit from new products and reduced prices. Any businesses that charge high prices or offer substandard products will soon face competition from businesses offering consumers lower prices and/or higher quality. Monopolies only exist when government tilts the playing field in favor of well-connected crony capitalists. Therefore those concerned about excessive corporate power should join supporters of the free market in repudiating the regulations, taxes, and subsides that benefit politically-powerful businesses. The most important step is to end the boom-bust business cycle by ending the Federal Reserve . 
Article reposted with permission from The Ron Paul Institute Don't forget to Like Freedom Outpost on Facebook , Google Plus , & Twitter . You can also get Freedom Outpost delivered to your Amazon Kindle device here .

ARTICLE

Email 
Do you remember that scene in the old Frankenstein movie when the villagers descended on the castle with burning stakes and pitchforks? The hounds were baying, people were shouting incoherently, and ignorant, fearful villagers watched the whole thing? 
Listen in particular to the speech at the beginning of this. That's about what the person leading the charge against James Comey is saying. 
That's pretty much what is happening to FBI Director James Comey, who is in for a bumpy, maybe even death-defying, ride after i nforming Congress that an investigation into Hillary Clinton's email server debacle was being reopened, against the advice of Loretta Lynch , Attorney General. 
According to Harry Reid, a US Senator and one of the head honchos of the Democratic Party, James Comey 'may' have broken the law by announcing that emails on devices associated with Hillary Clinton are under renewed investigation. 
He's referring to the Hatch Act, a law passed in 1939. It was officially called 'An Act to Prevent Pernicious Political Activities' and was adopted to prohibit executive branch federal employees (except the President and Vice President) from engaging in certain political activities, such as: using their 'official authority or influence for the purpose of interfering with or affecting the result of an election'; soliciting, accepting, or receiving political campaign contributions from any person; running 'for election to a partisan political office'; soliciting or discouraging participation in political activity of any person who either has an application for a grant, contract, or other status pending before the employing agency or is the subject of an ongoing audit, investigation, or enforcement action by the employing agency; engaging in partisan political activity on official duty time; on federal property; while wearing a uniform or insignia identifying them as federal officials or employees; or while using a government vehicle. ( source ) 
Will he be investigated for exposing a potential crime or will he be investigated for the timing of exposing a potential crime? It seems to me that keeping his mouth shut could also be in violation of the act '“ if he knew something and did not disclose it, wouldn't that also affect the outcome of the election? The other villagers are joining in. 
Reid isn't alone in the monster hunt. He's joined by some other villagers with torches, pitchforks, and hounds too. 
Take former Attorney General Eric Holder, for example. In a letter to the Clinton campaign, he wrote: 
Many of us have worked with Director Comey; all of us respect him. But his unprecedented decision to publicly comment on evidence in what may be an ongoing inquiry just eleven days before a presidential election leaves us both astonished and perplexed. 
We cannot recall a prior instance where a senior Justice Department official'”Republican or Democrat'”has, on the eve of a major election, issued a public statement where the mere disclosure of information may impact the election's outcome, yet the official acknowledges the information to be examined may not be significant or new.' ( source ) 
Perhaps Comey's decision had something to do with the fact that, as Zero Hedge reported , the DoJ stifled an FBI investigation into the Clinton Foundation donating money to the political campaign of the wife of an FBI investigator. (I know, it's sort of like my brother's sister's cousin's husband's uncle.') 
Richard Painter, a University of Minnesota Law School professor and the chief White House ethics lawyer for a couple of years during the Bush Administration, wrote an op-ed for the New York Times . He said he's filing a complaint. 
The F.B.I.'s job is to investigate, not to influence the outcome of an election.< Such acts could also be prohibited under the Hatch Act, which bars the use of an official position to influence an election. That is why the F.B.I. presumably would keep those aspects of an investigation confidential until after the election. The usual penalty for a violation is termination of federal employment. That is why, on Saturday, I filed a complaint against the F.B.I. with the Office of Special Counsel, which investigates Hatch Act violations, and with the Office of Government Ethics. I spent much of my career working on government and lawyers' ethics, including as the chief White House ethics lawyer for George W. Bush. I never thought that the F.B.I. could be dragged into a political circus surrounding one of its investigations. Until this week. ( Source ) The Mainstream Media (MSM) will not be kind to Comey. 
Of course, when are they ever kind to people who oppose the Clinton Monarchy? The so-called journalists have armed up with self-righteousness and propagandist pitchforks. 
Here are some related headlines: In Releasing Email News, FBI Director Ignored Justice Department Advice, Tradition '“ Slate FBI's James Comey under fire after jolting presidential race '“ MSNBC Harry Reid: FBI Director James Comey might have broken federal law '“ Washington Times Clinton Allies Target Comey as Probe Scrambles Campaign '“ Bloomberg Basically Everybody Thinks James Comey Has F***ed Up '“ Mother Jones 
And of course, everyone knows how much I love (cough) Huffington Post , which was a trove of ridiculous headlines like: Former Attorney General Eric Holder: FBI Director James Comey 'Violated' Justice Department Policies Harry Reid Blasts FBI Director James Comey Over Handling Of Clinton Email Probe First Poll Since James Comey Announcement Shows No Effect On Hillary Clinton '” Yet Dozens Of Former Federal Prosecutors Sign Open Letter Criticizing James Comey James Comey Just Unmasked Himself The director of the FBI is between a rock and a hard place. 
If he had said nothing, he would have been pilloried for remaining silent. Today he is being pilloried because he did. 
The man had a stack of resignation letters on his desk from angry FBI agents who knew what was going on. Comey was not alone in the belief that something had to be done to allow the American people to know who they are actually voting for. He's just the one who is taking the hit for it. 
A leaked memo to FBI employees probably gives the best picture of Comey's mindset when he made the decision to put himself in the line of fire. 
In a memo explaining his decision to FBI employees soon after he sent his letter to Congress, Comey said he felt 'an obligation to do so given that I testified repeatedly in recent months that our investigation was completed.' He admitted that he broke with custom in alerting lawmakers that the investigation into Hillary Clinton's private email server was being reopened because of its political sensitivity. 
He further explained to FBI employees that 'Of course we don't ordinarily tell Congress about ongoing investigations, but here I feel an obligation to do so given that I testified repeatedly in recent months that our investigation was completed . I also think it would be misleading to the American people were we not to supplement the record.' 
'¦'At the same time, however, given that we do not know the significance of this newly discovered collection of emails, I don't want to create a misleading impression,' Comey's letter continued. 'In trying to strike that balance, in a brief letter, and in the middle of an election season, there is significant risk of being misunderstood, but I wanted you to hear directly from me about it.' ( source ) 
He is in a lose-lose situation, and I'm sure he knew this. It seems to me that knowing he's going to be dead the ex-director of the FBI sooner rather than later, he has done what he believes is the right thing. 
Personally, I can't fault Comey for doing what he did. Maybe he was trying to undo the wrong he did in letting her off in the first place. He's taking one for the team and most likely sacrificing his career '“ if not also his life '“ by taking the action that he took, considering how things tend to go for people who run afoul of the Clintons . It's anyone's guess what will happen between now and November 8th. 
Grab some popcorn, my friends. We're in for an eventful week. 
Article reposted with permission from DaisyLuther.com

ARTICLE

Email 
America learned a worrisome bit of news on Sunday when mainstream media outlets began reporting that while the Department of Justice was in possession of tens of thousands (possibly hundreds of thousands ) of new (and unseen) emails pertinent to the investigation into Hillary Clinton's private email server, they were NOT allowing the FBI to have access to those emails ! 
This is extremely frustrating news, as there is less than two weeks to go before Election Day and most Americans would like to know for sure if Hillary Clinton is indeed a crook before they go and pull the voting lever. Yahoo News reported that the FBI had not yet attained a warrant to see the emails, but this should be a moot point for two reasons '“ first, Anthony Weiner (the subject of the investigation that dug up the new Abedin/Clinton emails) has been cooperating and gave investigators clearance to all of his devices and electronic material. Secondly, Abedin previously swore to investigators that she had turned over all of her devices and all of her recorded emails. The discovery of a new device and thousands of new emails proves she lied to investigators and could be facing prison for doing so. (UPDATE: The FBI's warrant finally came through Sunday evening and they should begin combing through every email on the laptop soon.) 
While the DOJ may be stonewalling the FBI for now, Fox News' Bret Baier explained that the FBI doesn't need a warrant because Weiner has already given them permission to search the computer. I emailed that 2 sources say Weiner is cooperating w/ FBI- & co-owned laptop. Also NY FBI had info 4 a few weeks- pressure was building https://t.co/AHbQVtvQzg 
More from the Daily Caller : 
Additionally, the U.S. Attorneys offices and local law enforcement have access to the FBI laboratory , for example, to conduct 'scientific examinations of evidence for any federal, state, and/or local law enforcement organization in the United States.' 
'With all of these law enforcement agencies, both local and federal, now looking into this case, it's a sign that they're really going after him,' a law enforcement source told The NY Post back in September. 'They want to nail him.' 
Less than two weeks ago, The Daily Mail reported that a federal grand jury was expected to hear the allegations against Weiner in the coming weeks. Weiner, as a result of the grand jury convening, already received a federal subpoena for his devices, as reported by CNN in September. The FBI confiscated Weiner's electronic devices on October 3, The New York Times reported . 
What does it all mean? 
The FBI is going to get those emails, each and every one, the DOJ knows this, which means the only possible reason for belaboring the handoff to the FBI is to slow the course of the investigation ensuring that any new information is held until AFTER Election Day. This is corruption and election fraud of the highest order, coordinated by Obama's DOJ and executed by Attorney General Loretta Lynch. 
Article reposted with permission from Constitution.com Don't forget to Like Freedom Outpost on Facebook , Google Plus , & Twitter . You can also get Freedom Outpost delivered to your Amazon Kindle device here .

ARTICLE

It is no longer a question of whether or not financial markets and the U.S. economy will collapse. That, according to a host of experts, both mainstream and alternative, is a given. 
The only question now is 'when' that moment will come. 
According to Christine Hughes, chief investment strategist at Otterwood Capital , it will be very soon. Basing her assessment on historically dead-on yield curve analysis, Hughes says in her latest update to clients that we're looking at a maximum breaking point of 2020, but that some time in the next 12 '“ 15 months is the more likely scenario, which pegs the next crisis right at the beginning of 2018 . 
First, the chart, which has been near perfect in its accuracy thus far and shows just how rapidly the yield curve has collapsed in the last 12 months: 
Hughes explains what it means for you and why you can expect 2018 to be the year of reckoning: 
As the bond market sees a recession slower growth means lower interest rates and it [the yield curve] collapses. So let's assume we're like every other time in history and that happens. Then it moves forward to 2018'¦ 
So, 2018, according to the yield curve, is pretty much the last gasp we have for this economic cycle. We're closing in on 2016 now'¦ we basically have a year'¦ maybe a year to 15 months before we have the next crisis on our hands. 
So if you are levered personally or corporately'¦ if a lot of your assets are in illiquid stuff'¦ the Canadian housing market comes to mind'¦ You might want to think about existing and liquefying yourself. 
Watch the video report: 
Wolf Richter of Wolf Street explains why the Treasury Yield Curve is so important: 
Since early July, the 30-year US Treasury Bond Price Index has plunged 8.3%. It's now called 'the rout' in longer-dated government bonds. One of the specters is rising inflation at a time of ultra-low yields. 
What has become the number one predictor of a bear market in stocks over the past many decades? The US Treasury yield curve. It drives bank lending '“ which can strangle the economy. But this time, the risks are much higher, and the potential economic consequences steeper. 
We know it is only a matter of time at this point. 
Greg Mannarino of Traders Choice has made similar warnings, noting that the bond markets are signaling a massive crash ahead. And when that crash finally takes place the fall out after the debt bubble bursts, according to Mannarino, could lead to extremely serious consequences: 
So, when the debt bubble bursts we're going to get a correction in population. It's a mathematical certainty. 
Millions upon millions of people are going to die on a world-wide scale when the debt bubble bursts. And I'm saying when not if'¦ 
'¦ 
When resources become more and more scarce we're going to see countries at war with each other. People will be scrambling'¦ in a worst case scenario'¦ doing everything that they can to survive'¦ to provide for their family and for themselves. 
There's no way out of it. 
If Mannarino and Hughes are right, you have about a year to get ready for the next leg of the collapse . 
Article reposted with permission from SHTF Plan Don't forget to Like Freedom Outpost on Facebook , Google Plus , & Twitter . You can also get Freedom Outpost delivered to your Amazon Kindle device here .

ARTICLE

Email This Week in the News 
You wouldn't know it by watching the news, but there are actually important things going on in the world that have nothing to do with the Presidential election. Today, we'll talk about some of these non-election-related events on Survival Saturday, like the Dakota access pipeline, Russia, Venezuela, and our dystopian future. 
For election coverage, go on over to my other website, DaisyLuther.com , which is all Hillary, all the time, right up until the election. (My goal there is to cover the stuff that the MSM is trying to sweep under the rug about their darling.) The Dakota Access Pipeline Protesters Are Being Brutally Attacked by Law Enforcement 
Have you been aware of the ongoing protests by the Standing Rock Sioux tribe about a pipeline being forcibly built across their watershed via eminent domain? They have been joined by other tribes to form a coalition of water protectors who say that the pipeline is a violation of a treaty established between the Sioux and the federal government. ( Here are the important things to know about the protest . Trust me, you'll want to read this.) 
Everyone who was paying attention breathed a sigh of relief when the US Government for once took a stand on behalf of the little guys back in September. 
'The federal government ordered a halt to work on a $3.8 billion four-state oil pipeline in the Upper Midwest on Friday, handing a temporary victory to the Standing Rock Sioux tribe and other opponents of the project'¦ 
'¦The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers said it wouldn't authorize construction near Lake Oahe, a culturally important location to the tribe, until the agency determines if it needs to reconsider its previous approvals under the National Environmental Policy Act.' ( source ) 
Unfortunately, the government's willingness to do the right thing was short-lived. Work has resumed on the pipeline and all hell is breaking loose '“ but not by who you might think. Protestors have been non-violent, but law enforcement has been absolutely brutal. They've beaten up on young people, old people, and independent journalists covering the story. Hundreds have been arrested. 
These people are protecting their water sources and their way of life, and they are being brutalized by our own government. The story you're getting on the mainstream is that the water protectors are standing there and that the police are standing there and that it is a relatively calm affair. 
That couldn't be further from the truth. The AntiMedia (who would get a major journalism award if real journalists got such awards) has provided truthful coverage, and it is ugly. Every single person who is against government overreach should be supporting the water protectors. Right now, this affects some people up in North Dakota. But what about when someone wants to build something across your land? What about when someone wants to seize your home? What about when Agenda 21 comes to your back yard? 
Here's what really happened at the Dakota Access Pipeline protests . It's on film. It's ugly. You owe it to your fellow human beings to witness this and be outraged. Go here to learn what you can do to help . With all of this 'progress,' is humanity at risk of becoming obsolete? 
Thousands of jobs each year are being turned over to computers as humans demand higher wages and better benefits for unskilled labor. We've all ended up on the endless loop of talking to customer service robots on the phone or going to a checkout counter and discovering it is push button and digital. 
Is this all part of a greater plan to make the bulk of humanity utterly dependent on the whims of a few? 
I don't watch a lot of documentaries, but last night my daughter and I watched Obsolete . This film is available for free on Amazon , and it isn't one of those dry, boring ones that keep you shifting in your seat in order to stay awake. It's fascinating from the moment you hit play. When it was over, we sat there in silence for at least a minute, aghast that we could see the whole thing happening around us right now. 
I can't recommend this highly enough. Everyone should watch it. Let me quote Morpheus (from the Matrix ) for a moment here. 'This is your last chance. After this, there is no turning back. You take the blue pill'”the story ends, you wake up in your bed and believe whatever you want to believe. You take the red pill'”you stay in Wonderland, and I show you how deep the rabbit hole goes. Remember: all I'm offering is the truth. Nothing more.' 
This documentary is the red pill. Take it if you want to survive the future that is coming for us all. 
Watch Obsolete then come back over here and let's talk about it. I think this will spark a very interesting conversation. How will you prepare for a future in which humanity is largely obsolete? Meanwhile in Venezuela'¦ 
Things are still awful there, although there hasn't been as much news coverage. Basically, this is how life is now for Venezuelans, and recovering from this collapse could take decades. 
Currently, the people of the country are revolting against the unpopular president, Nicholas Maduro. A campaign had begun for a recall election in order to replace Maduro, but authorities halted the process. The electoral council cited fraud when faced with huge numbers of signatures on a petition. Thousands of demonstrators filled the streets. Source: Federico Parra /AFP/Getty Images 
NPR reports : 
The demonstrators were protesting 'what they call a sharp turn towards authoritarianism. The Maduro government has jailed opposition leaders, stripped Congress of its powers and cracked down on the press.' 
As for Maduro, he has blatantly threatened to jail anyone who tries to remove him from power, via elections or legal means, ironically citing the Venezuelan constitution : 
'If they launch a supposed political trial, which is not in our constitution, the state prosecution service must bring legal action in the courts and put in jail anyone who violates the constitution, even if they are members of Congress.' 
What's more, in a conversation with the American DEA, Maduro's nephew says that Venezuela is at war with the US, which is news to most Americans. Efrain Campo was busted doing a quick cocaine deal in order to make money for the Venezuelan First Family. He was caught attempting to smuggle $5 million of Columbian cocaine into the US. The Charlotte Observer reported : 
Efrain Campo'¦was recorded saying 'we're at war' with the Americans and laughing about sending opposition leaders to jail, according to the transcript, which was filed in federal district court in New York. 
'We need the money,' Campo said, according to the transcript. 'Why? Because the Americans are hitting us hard with money. Do you understand? The opposition . . . is getting an infusion of a lot of money.' 
'¦The defense has sought to paint Campo and his cousin as victims of a U.S. political plot against the Venezuelan government and has asserted that they didn't have the knowledge or capability to pull off such a complicated transaction. We're irritating the snot out of Russia'¦ 
Lately, the Powers That Shouldn't Be (great phrase borrowed from my friend Mel at Truthstream Media ) have been going out of their way to paint Russia and Vladimir Putin as the biggest threat to America. A bigger threat, even, than Hillary Clinton, and boy, that's a stretch. I'm pretty sure you can put all of these recent headlines together and get a picture of where this is headed. ( Hint .) There are many more, but I don't want this post to be a lengthy novel about idiocy.

ARTICLE

 
'The people have the power, all we have to do is awaken that power in the people. The people are unaware. They're not educated to realize that they have power. The system is so geared that everyone believes the government will fix everything. We are the government .''” John Lennon 
How do you balance the scales of justice at a time when Americans are being tasered , tear-gassed, pepper-sprayed , hit with batons, shot with rubber bullets and real bullets, blasted with sound cannons , detained in cages and kennels , sicced by police dogs, arrested and jailed for challenging the government's excesses, abuses and power-grabs? 
Politics won't fix a system that is broken beyond repair. 
No matter who sits in the White House, the shadow government will continue to call the shots behind the scenes. 
Relying on the courts to restore justice seems futile. 
Indeed, with every ruling handed down, it becomes more apparent that we live in an age of hollow justice, with government courts, largely lacking in vision and scope, rendering narrow rulings focused on the letter of the law. This is true at all levels of the judiciary, but especially so in the highest court of the land, the U.S. Supreme Court, which is seemingly more concerned with establishing order and protecting government agents than with upholding the rights enshrined in the Constitution. 
Even so, justice matters. 
It matters whether you're a rancher protesting a federal land-grab by the Bureau of Land Management, a Native American protesting an oil pipeline that will endanger sacred sites and pollute water supplies, or an African-American taking to the streets to protest yet another police shooting of an unarmed citizen. 
Unfortunately, protests and populist movements haven't done much to push back against an authoritarian regime that is deaf to our cries, dumb to our troubles, blind to our needs, and accountable to no one. 
It doesn't matter who the activists are (environmentalists, peaceniks, Native Americans, Black Lives Matter, Occupy, or the Bundys and their followers) or what the source of the discontent is (endless wars abroad, police shootings, contaminated drinking water, government land-grabs), the government's modus operandi has remained the same: shut down the protests using all means available, prosecute First Amendment activities to the fullest extent of the law, and discourage any future civil uprisings by criminalizing expressive activities, labelling dissidents as extremists or terrorists, and conducting widespread surveillance on the general populace in order to put down any whispers of resistance before it can take root. 
Thus, if there is any means left to us for thwarting the government in its relentless march towards outright dictatorship, it may rest with the power of juries and local governments to invalidate governmental laws, tactics and policies that are illegitimate, egregious or blatantly unconstitutional. 
Just recently, in fact, an Oregon jury rejected the government's attempts to prosecute seven activists who staged a six-week, armed takeover of the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge. 
In finding the defendants not guilty'”of conspiracy to impede federal officers, of possession of firearms in a federal facility, and of stealing a government-owned truck'”the jury sent its own message to the government and those following the case: justice matters. 
The Malheur occupiers were found not guilty despite the fact that they had guns in a federal facility (their lawyers argued the guns were 'as much a statement of their rural culture as a cowboy hat or a pair of jeans'). They were found not guilty despite the fact that they used government vehicles (although they would argue that government property is public property available to all taxpayers). They were found not guilty despite the fact that they succeeded in occupying a government facility for six weeks, thereby preventing workers from performing their duties (as the Washington Post points out, this charge has also been used to prosecute extremist left-wingers and Earth First protesters ). 
Many other equally sincere activists with eloquent lawyers and ardent supporters have gone to jail for lesser offenses than those committed at the Malheur Refuge, so what made the difference here? 
The jury made all the difference. 
These seven Oregon protesters were found not guilty because a jury of their peers recognized the sincerity of their convictions, sympathized with the complaints against an overreaching government, and balanced the scales of justice using the only tools available to them: common sense, compassion and the power of the jury box. 
Jury nullification works. 
As law professor Ilya Somin explains, jury nullification is the practice by which a jury refuses to convict someone accused of a crime if they believe the 'law in question is unjust or the punishment is excessive .' According to former federal prosecutor Paul Butler, the doctrine of jury nullification is 'premised on the idea that ordinary citizens, not government officials, should have the final say as to whether a person should be punished.' 
Imagine that: a world where the citizenry'”not the government or its corporate controllers'”actually calls the shots and determines what is just. 
In a world of ' rampant overcriminalization ,' where the average citizen unknowingly breaks three laws a day, jury nullification acts as ' a check on runaway authoritarian criminalization and the increasing network of confusing laws that are passed with neither the approval nor oftentimes even the knowledge of the citizenry.' 
Indeed, Butler believes so strongly in the power of nullification to balance the scales between the power of the prosecutor and the power of the people that he advises : 
If you are ever on a jury in a marijuana case, I recommend that you vote 'not guilty' '” even if you think the defendant actually smoked pot, or sold it to another consenting adult. As a juror, you have this power under the Bill of Rights ; if you exercise it, you become part of a proud tradition of American jurors who helped make our laws fairer. 
In other words, it's 'we the people' who can and should be determining what laws are just, what activities are criminal and who can be jailed for what crimes. 
Not only should the punishment fit the crime, but the laws of the land should also reflect the concerns of the citizenry as opposed to the profit-driven priorities of Corporate America. 
This is where the power of jury nullification is so critical: to reject inane laws and extreme sentences and counteract the edicts of a profit-driven governmental elite that sees nothing wrong with jailing someone for a lifetime for a relatively insignificant crime. 
Of course, the powers-that-be don't want the citizenry to know that it has any power at all. 
They would prefer that we remain clueless about the government's many illicit activities, ignorant about our constitutional rights, and powerless to bring about any real change. 
In an age in which government officials accused of wrongdoing'”police officers, elected officials, etc.'”are treated with general leniency, while the average citizen is prosecuted to the full extent of the law, jury nullification is a powerful reminder that, as the Constitution tells us, 'we the people' are the government. 
For too long we've allowed our so-called 'representatives' to call the shots. Now it's time to restore the citizenry to their rightful place in the republic: as the masters, not the servants. 
Nullification is one way of doing so. 
Various cities and states have been using this historic doctrine with mixed results on issues as wide ranging as gun control and healthcare to ' claim freedom from federal laws they find onerous or wrongheaded .' 
Where nullification can be particularly powerful, however, is in the hands of the juror. 
The reality with which we must contend is that justice in America is reserved for those who can afford to buy their way out of jail. 
For the rest of us who are dependent on the 'fairness' of the system, there exists a multitude of ways in which justice can and does go wrong every day. Police misconduct. Prosecutorial misconduct. Judicial bias. Inadequate defense. Prosecutors who care more about winning a case than seeking justice. Judges who care more about what is legal than what is just. Jurors who know nothing of the law and are left to deliberate in the dark about life-and-death decisions. And an overwhelming body of laws, statutes and ordinances that render the average American a criminal, no matter how law-abiding they might think themselves. 
If you're to have any hope of remaining free'”and I use that word loosely'”your best bet remains in your fellow citizens. 
Your fellow citizens may not know what the Constitution says (studies have shown Americans to be abysmally ignorant about their rights), they may not know what the laws are (there are so many on the books that the average American breaks three laws a day without knowing it), and they may not even believe in your innocence, but if you're lucky, those who serve on a jury will have a conscience that speaks louder than the legalistic tones of the prosecutors and the judges and reminds them that justice and fairness go hand in hand. 
That's ultimately what jury nullification is all about: restoring a sense of fairness to our system of justice. It's the best protection for 'we the people' against the oppression and tyranny of the government, and God knows, we can use all the protection we can get. It's a powerful way to remind the government'”all of those bureaucrats who have appointed themselves judge, jury and jailer over all that we are, have and do'”that we're the ones who set the rules. 
We could transform this nation if only Americans would work together to harness the power of their discontent. 
Unfortunately, the government's divide and conquer tactics are working like a charm. 
Despite the laundry list of grievances that should unite 'we the people' in common cause against the government, the nation is more divided than ever by politics, by socio-economics, by race, by religion, and by every other distinction that serves to highlight our differences. 
The real and manufactured events of recent years'”the invasive surveillance, the extremism reports, the civil unrest, the protests, the shootings, the bombings, the military exercises and active shooter drills, the color-coded alerts and threat assessments, the fusion centers, the transformation of local police into extensions of the military, the distribution of military equipment and weapons to local police forces, the government databases containing the names of dissidents and potential troublemakers'”have all conjoined to create an environment in which 'we the people' are more divided, more distrustful, and fearful of each other. 
What we have failed to realize is that in the eyes of the government, we're all the same. 
In other words, when it's time for the government to crack down'”and that time is coming'”it won't matter whether we supported Hillary or Trump, whether we stood with the pipeline protesters or opposed BLM, or whether we spoke out against government misconduct and injustice or remained silent. 
When the government cracks down, we'll all suffer. 
Here's the thing: the government wants a civil war. 
The objective: compliance and control. 
Its strategy: destabilize the economy through endless wars, escalate racial tensions, polarize the populace, heighten tensions through a show of force, intensify the use of violence, and then, when all hell breaks loose, clamp down on the nation for the good of the people and the security of the nation. 
The government has been anticipating and preparing for such a civil uprising for some time now. 
Those protests in Ferguson , Baltimore and Baton Rouge to protest police brutality? The militarized police ' clad in Kevlar vests, helmets, and camouflage, armed with pistols, shotguns, automatic rifles, and tear gas ' turning towns into war zones? The kenneling of pipeline protesters in North Dakota? 
Those were just dress rehearsals for the government to work out the kinks in its operating manual on how to deal with civil unrest. 
They were also previews of what's in store if we continue to challenge the powers-that-be. 
After all, it's hard to persuade anyone to stand against tyranny when all you can promise them as a reward is persecution, prosecution and a one-way trip to the morgue. And when the outcome seems to be a foregone conclusion'”the government always wins'”it can seem pointless, even foolhardy, to dare to challenge the system. 
So how do you not only push back against the police state's bureaucracy, corruption and cruelty but also launch a counterrevolution aimed at reclaiming control over the government using nonviolent means? 
You start by changing the rules and engaging in some (nonviolent) guerilla tactics. 
Employ militant nonviolent resistance and civil disobedience , which Martin Luther King Jr. used to great effect through the use of sit-ins, boycotts and marches. 
Take part in grassroots activism, which takes a trickle-up approach to governmental reform by implementing change at the local level (in other words, think nationally, but act locally). 
And then, as I explain in more detail in my book Battlefield America: The War on the American People , nullify everything. Nullify the court cases. Nullify the laws. Nullify everything the government does that is illegitimate, egregious or blatantly unconstitutional.

ARTICLE

Email 
Donald Trump has all the momentum now. Will it be enough to propel him to victory on election day? Trump's poll numbers were improving even before we learned that the FBI had renewed its investigation into Hillary Clinton's emails , and the new survey results that came out over the weekend and on Monday make it clear that Clinton's 'certain victory' is not so certain after all. Unless something changes, Americans are going to go to the polls on November 8th with an FBI criminal investigation hanging over the Clinton campaign like an ominous cloud, and that is very good news for Trump. 
The Clinton campaign was hoping that this renewed investigation would not 'move the needle', but unfortunately for them that appears not to be the case. Hillary's unfavorable rating just hit an all-time high , a whopping 45 percent of all Americans believe that this scandal is 'worse than Watergate', and a Rasmussen survey has found that 40 percent of all undecided voters that are leaning toward voting for Hillary Clinton are still open to changing their minds before election day. 
And even before this story broke on Friday, Clinton was having a difficult time getting her voters to the polls. According to the New York Times , early voting among young adults and African-American voters is significantly down compared to 2012, and those are demographic groups that Clinton desperately needs to turn out in large numbers. 
But of course the key to winning the election is getting to 270 electoral votes, and poll numbers appear to be shifting in the key swing states that Trump and Clinton both desperately need. For a moment, I would like to examine what the numbers currently look like in some of the most important states'¦ 
Florida 
Without Florida, Donald Trump has absolutely no chance of winning. This is something that even the Trump campaign has admitted. That is why it was so alarming that most of the polls in October had Hillary Clinton leading in the state. 
Fortunately for Trump, a new survey that was conducted on Sunday shows him leading in Florida by four points . 
Georgia 
Georgia wasn't supposed to be a problem. Georgia has traditionally been a deep red state, but polling throughout this election season had shown a very tight race. This had Republicans deeply concerned and the Clinton camp very happy. 
But now the momentum has seemingly shifted and the latest poll has Trump up by seven points . 
North Carolina 
Mitt Romney won North Carolina in 2012, and Donald Trump very much needs to win it if he hopes to be triumphant on November 8th. Hillary Clinton was shown to be leading in the eight most recent polls before the email story broke, but in the first major survey conducted afterwards she is now down by two points . 
Ohio 
No Republican has ever won the presidency without Ohio, and Trump knows how important it is to his chances. The three most recent polls conducted before the FBI renewed the investigation into Hillary Clinton's emails all showed a tie, but now the very first survey conducted afterwards shows Trump up by five points . 
Colorado 
Hillary Clinton has consistently been in the lead in Colorado throughout this campaign, and most experts didn't give Trump much of a chance in the state, but the latest survey shows that Clinton's lead has been whittled down to just one point . 
Arizona 
A survey that was conducted in mid-October showed Clinton having a five point lead in John McCain's home state, but now the latest major poll has Trump up by two points . 
Nevada 
One of the most important swing states out west is Nevada, and most surveys showed Hillary Clinton with a strong lead throughout the month of October. Unfortunately for her, a poll that was conducted on Sunday shows Donald Trump with a four point lead . 
Clearly Trump has the momentum at this point, and it will be very interesting to see how the numbers change over the next few days. 
And as we learn more about what is in these newly discovered emails, will her fellow Democrats stick with her? Already, some are publicly wavering. The following example comes from WND '¦ 
Longtime Clinton confidante and former Democratic pollster Doug Schoen told Fox News the newly renewed FBI investigation into Hillary Clinton's private email server is forcing him to 'reassess' his support for the Democratic nominee for president. 
Schoen, a Fox News contributor, made the comments to host Harris Faulkner during a live television appearance Sunday night on 'Fox Report Weekend.' 
Public opinion is shifting quickly, but the bad news for Trump is that more than 23 million Americans have already voted. So millions upon millions of Americans cast their votes before they even learned of this new FBI investigation. If the race is very close, that could end up making the difference. 
And of course the race could dramatically change once again if the FBI comes to some sort of resolution about these new emails prior to November 8th. On Monday, CNN reported that a resolution before election day did not appear to be likely'¦ 
FBI officials are unlikely to finish their review of new emails potentially related to its investigation into Hillary Clinton's private server before the November 8 election. 
The initial work of cataloging top Clinton aide Huma Abedin 's emails found on her estranged husband Anthony Weiner's laptop could be done in the next few days, US law enforcement officials told CNN. 
But the investigators are expected to spend more time doing other work, including likely working with other federal agencies to determine what '” if any '” classified materials are in the emails. This makes it unlikely there will be a resolution prior to the election. 
However, late on Monday evening the Drudge Report reported that the L.A. Times has learned that investigators may have a 'preliminary assessment' completed 'in coming days''¦ 
LA TIMES TUESDAY: FBI Investigators had planned to conduct new email review over several weeks. It now hopes to complete 'preliminary assessment' in coming days, but agency officials have not decided how, or whether, they will disclose results publicly'¦ Developing'¦ 
Whether good or bad, I do believe that the American people deserve to hear something conclusive about these emails before November 8th. 
If nothing is found to implicate Clinton, the American people should be told that. 
And if evidence of very serious crimes is discovered, there is no way in the world that should be held back until after the election. 
Even if it throws the election into complete and utter chaos , the American people deserve to know the truth. 
But will we get it? 
Stay tuned, because I think that this is going to be a crazy week. 
Take a look at the future of America: The Beginning of the End and then prepare Don't forget to Like Freedom Outpost on Facebook , Google Plus , & Twitter . You can also get Freedom Outpost delivered to your Amazon Kindle device here . shares

ARTICLE

Dead Coloradans are Lining Up to Vote for Hillary. Is the zombie apocalypse upon us? 
According to a report by the Washington Examiner , 
Local officials in Colorado acknowledged 'very serious' voter fraud after learning of votes cast in multiple elections under the named of recently-deceased residents. 
A local media outlet uncovered the fraud by comparing voting history databases in the state with federal government death records . 'Somebody was able to cast a vote that was not theirs to cast,' El Paso County Clerk and Recorder Chuck Broerman told CBS4 while discussing what he called a 'very serious' pattern of people mailing in ballots on behalf of the dead. 
It's not clear how many fraudulent ballots have been submitted in recent years. CBS4 reported that it 'found multiple cases' of dead people voting around the state, revelations that have provoked state criminal investigations. 
There are dozens of documented examples of dead people voting and they can be found all over the internet. 
One thing is for certain. 
The Clinton operatives seem to believe in the old adage'¦ if you ain't cheatin' you ain't tryin''¦ On October 1st it was reported 'Young Virginia Democrat Andrew Spieles confessed this week to registering 19 dead people to vote for Hillary.' 
You can't stop these people. You can call the election rigged if you want, but how can we argue with people who have the power to summon the dead? 
When I die, I plan to vote conservative. 
OK, my attempts to be humorous are often lost in an overcrowded sea of stupidity. This would not seem to be the exception. 
The only good Hillary voters are obviously the dead ones , because at least they have plausible deniability. Hey bro, ' I didn't vote for Hillary '” I died in 1960. ' 
Likely story. 
Article posted with permission from DCClothesline Don't forget to Like Freedom Outpost on Facebook , Google Plus , & Twitter . You can also get Freedom Outpost delivered to your Amazon Kindle device here . shares

ARTICLE

Email 
Could it be possible that the newly discovered Clinton emails that the FBI is currently examining contain evidence of crimes other than just the mishandling of classified documents? For years, there have been shocking allegations about the sexual behavior of both Bill and Hillary Clinton in the conservative media, but neither Bill nor Hillary has ever been convicted of a sexual crime. However, that may be about to change. There is nobody on the planet that has been closer to Hillary Clinton over the past decade than Huma Abedin, and now the FBI has their hands on approximately 650,000 emails that were stored on electronic devices owned by her and her estranged husband Anthony Weiner. Without a doubt, many of those emails will relate to the investigation into Hillary Clinton's mishandling of classified documents, but many of those emails will also be personal in nature. So what will the FBI learn about the Clinton sex scandals from those emails, and will that information be shared with the American public? 
In particular, any information regarding Clinton ties to Jeffrey Epstein and 'the Lolita Express' could be extremely explosive. 
Bill and Hillary Clinton were both very good friends of billionaire Jeffrey Epstein before he was convicted of soliciting sex from a young girl in 2008. In fact, flight records show that Bill Clinton was a frequent passenger on Epstein's plane that eventually came to be known as 'the Lolita Express''¦ 
Bill Clinton took repeated trips on the ' Lolita Express ''”the private passenger jet owned by billionaire pedophile Jeffrey Epstein'”with an actress in softcore porn movies whose name appears in Epstein's address book under an entry for 'massages,' according to flight logbooks obtained by Gawker and published today for the first time . The logs also show that Clinton shared more than a dozen flights with a woman who federal prosecutors believe procured underage girls to sexually service Epstein and his friends and acted as a 'potential co-conspirator' in his crimes . 
Overall, Bill took at least 26 trips on board 'the Lolita Express'. Fox News says that the plane 'earned its Nabakov-inspired nickname because it was reportedly outfitted with a bed where passengers had group sex with young girls.' 
But sex with underage girls didn't just happen on the plane. One of the favorite destinations for 'the Lolita Express' was Epstein's 72-acre 'Orgy Island'. Here is more from Fox News '¦ 
'Bill Clinton '¦ associated with a man like Jeffrey Epstein, who everyone in New York, certainly within his inner circles, knew was a pedophile,' said Conchita Sarnoff, of the Washington, D.C. based non-profit Alliance to Rescue Victims of Trafficking, and author of a book on the Epstein case called 'TrafficKing.' 'Why would a former president associate with a man like that?' 
Epstein, who counts among his pals royal figures, heads of state, celebrities and fellow billionaires, spent 13 months in prison and home detention for solicitation and procurement of minors for prostitution. He allegedly had a team of traffickers who procured girls as young as 12 to service his friends on 'Orgy Island,' an estate on Epstein's 72-acre island, called Little St. James, in the U.S. Virgin Islands . 
Are you starting to understand how serious this could be? 
If Bill Clinton had sex with an underage girl just one time, that would be enough to potentially send him to prison for the rest of his life. 
Court records show that Jeffrey Epstein had 21 different phone numbers for Bill Clinton. To say that they were close would be a massive understatement. 
And what was the nature of Hillary Clinton's involvement with Jeffrey Epstein? 
There are so many unanswered questions, and I don't know what these 650,000 emails are going to show. But there are persistent whispers that law enforcement officials that were looking through them for the Anthony Weiner case found something big. 
And the truth is that the FBI would have never renewed this investigation so close to the election unless a gamechanger had been discovered. FBI Director James Comey had to know that he was going to take a tremendous amount of heat for this decision, and to move forward on something like this without good reason would be career suicide. 
For the moment, Hillary Clinton is putting on a brave face. On Monday, she challenged the FBI to hurry up and read her emails so that they could see that she had nothing to hide'¦ 
With eight days remaining until Election Day, Hillary Clinton told a crowd of supporters here Monday that the FBI should hurry up and check out the additional emails that agents said they found while investigating the estranged husband of one of her aides. 
'Go ahead. Look at them,' the Democratic nominee said about the emails that may have been originally housed on a private server she used as secretary of state '” a revelation that has thrown the presidential election into turmoil. 
Maybe Clinton is telling the truth, but with her you just never know. As I recently explained to a live studio audience down at Morningside , Hillary Clinton is a habitual liar and it is hard to trust her about anything at this point. 
If she is lying about these emails, hopefully we will find out very quickly. 
Her opponent, Donald Trump, seems energized by this new scandal, and he is warning that America may be facing a 'constitutional crisis' if Clinton wins the election'¦ 
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump, buoyed by tightening polls and a renewed controversy over Democrat Hillary Clinton, told an enthusiastic crowd in suburban Grand Rapids Monday that the U.S. could face a 'constitutional crisis' if Clinton is elected president on Nov. 8. 
Trump predicted a 'protracted criminal investigation and probably a criminal trial,' and said 'nothing will get done.' 
FBI Director James Comey has 'brought back his reputation' by reactivating an investigation into the handling of her State Department e-mails , Trump said to loud cheers. 
But the cold, hard reality of the matter is that we could potentially be facing something much more serious than just a 'constitutional crisis'. 
If the FBI finds evidence of very serious crimes committed by Hillary Clinton, she could actually be forced to withdraw from the race on the eve of the election, and that would throw the entire process into a state of chaos . 
Even so, it is exceedingly important that the American people get the truth about what is in these emails, and hopefully that will happen as rapidly as possible. 
Take a look at the future of America: The Beginning of the End and then prepare Don't forget to Like Freedom Outpost on Facebook , Google Plus , & Twitter . You can also get Freedom Outpost delivered to your Amazon Kindle device here . shares

ARTICLE

Email 
Recognizing, as I'm sure we all do, that every speech Barack Obama has ever given is a work of oratory genius and each monologue is more memorable than the last, I ask that you think back to his final State of the Union speech. 
Amongst the ramblings from one statist government giveaway to the next was a segment on what the President classified as the White House Cancer Moonshot. Obama stated on January 12, 2016 that, 'last year Vice President Biden said that with a new moonshot, America can cure cancer.' 
I'm not making light of this statement, and certainly not of Biden, for he lost his son Beau Biden to brain cancer in May of 2015. 
Obama continued by saying that, 'last month he [Biden] worked with Congress to give scientists at the National Institutes of Health, the strongest resources they've had in over a decade.' He received a standing ovation from virtually ever member in the chamber. 
This is my problem. Not that Biden lost his son to cancer and wishes for no one else to suffer the way his son and family did. I get that. It's the way almost everyone in government proposes to solve the problem. It's always the same. The federal government ponies up billions of dollars of our money to fund quasi-government science projects, which rarely if ever accomplish anything. 
However laudable this particular goal may be, it is not in the federal government's job description to be funding medical research. And to me, knowing the feds as I do '“ this seems to me to be another case of not letting a good crisis go to waste. 
Some may say this is a jaded opinion and that Obama and Biden are trying to help cure cancer. How could I possibly be against that? I'm not, of course '“ but I am jaded, and for good reason. I would love to see a cure for all cancers, but government involvement in everything invariably creates more problems than it ever solves. Not to mention that it is just another unconstitutional function. 
Obama then stated that because Biden has "gone to the mat for all of us on so many issues over the past forty years, I'm puttin' Joe in charge of mission control.' Really. Name three things ole-Joe has 'gone to mat' for us on. Okay '“ how about two. 
So uncle Joe Biden, with his forty years in politics, and zero years in science or medicine, is heading the White House Cancer Moonshot Task Force. Other members of the 'Task Force' are from the Department of Defense, Department of Commerce, Health and Human Services, Energy, Veteran Affairs, the OMB, National Economic Council, Domestic Policy Council. Others include the National Cancer Institute, Institutes of Health, and the National Science Foundation. 
Okay '“ I get the science institutes '“ but why the Departments of Commerce, Energy, and others? What do they have to do with curing cancer? Answer '“ nothing '“ of course, but government task forces need lots of important people. They won't contribute anything useful, but it looks impressive. 
So, almost a year into the five year Task Force plan '“ how are things going? Have they made any progress '“ any breakthroughs? Nope. Joe is out making more speeches, as he did in June, exclaiming that 'there is clear sense of '“ let's get it done now. We can do it now.' That's a great sentiment, but having endless meetings and simply exclaiming the urgency will do absolutely nothing. 
And then ole-Joe said something telling in his speech '“ something Joe does quite often. He said to the scientists in the audience: 'We call for help and you all answer. You didn't need us to call. You were already doin it.' 
So, if this is the case '“ and it is '“ why do we need this behemoth, billion dollar government taskforce? Why then do we need this collaboration between actual cancer research and government hacks like Biden and other bureaucrats? The answer is that this is what statists do. No matter what the cause, government always must inject itself and eventually take it over. 
That was June '“ six months in. A week ago, closing in on a year after the Moonshot announcement, Obama and Biden held a sit down to report on their progress. Obama stated that Joe has traveled the country and had multiple meetings 'in order to really figure out how we get this thing to achieve serious liftoff.' Yes '“ almost a year in and they are still trying to figure how to begin the Moonshot. 
Obama then stated that, although they would be leaving office soon, what they leave behind is the framework for organizing these efforts. And that in a nutshell, is what the statist government progressive's goal always is '“ to build the framework for continual governmental meddling. Later on, they can get down to picking winners and losers, thus hindering real cancer research for those who would rather not play ball and tow the government line, just as it has done with climate science, energy, and many other disciplines. 
Want to never cure another cancer? The best way to achieve this is to announce that we are from the government and are here to help, support and organize you. Don't forget to Like Freedom Outpost on Facebook , Google Plus , & Twitter . You can also get Freedom Outpost delivered to your Amazon Kindle device here .

ARTICLE

Email 
The liberal internet sites and some in social media actually believe that the acquittal on all charges brought against the Bundys and five others last week for their peaceful protest and occupation of the Malheur Wildlife Refuge in Oregon was a sign of white privilege . One outlet, even allowed a black columnist to write that white privilege was now "weaponized." 
Consider the moronic claim of Chauncey Devega at Salon , "Just consider: An all-white jury acquitted militant religious fundamentalists whose avowed aim is hurting the U.S." 
Excuse me? Hurting the US? How so Mr. Devega? 
Well, according to Mr. Devega, "Despite the overwhelming evidence against the Bundy militants, on Thursday a federal jury in Portland acquitted them of federal weapons and conspiracy charges. This shocked many observers. It should not have." 
"Black Americans and other people of color often talk about how there is one legal system for 'them' and another for 'us,'" he added. 
What is this evidence of which he speaks? Well, he doesn't quite tell us. He never mentions any laws that were broken. It's not against the law to keep and bear arms . It's not against the law to go and occupy an area that is supposed to be under the people's control per the Constitution. Technically, per the Constitution, the land does not belong to the central government. It's not against the law to hold a press conference there. It's not against the law to address your government for grievances. 
In fact, all those things are a part of the law! 
Oh, and what does Mr. Devega have to say about this photo with a black man standing with LaVoy Finicum and Pete Santilli ? 
Does that look like white privilege to you? Did LaVoy Finicum receive white privilege Chauncey? I don't think so. The tyranny you are supporting murdered him in cold blood and now a jury has determined that they were doing nothing wrong that should have warranted their arrest nor his murder. 
How about the months these men sat in jail in Oregon while being denied bail? Was that white privilege? What about the fact they are facing similar trumped up charges in Nevada from something that took place two years ago, and are still sitting in jail? Is that white privilege Chauncey? 
He then went on to ask if Muslims did this would it be terrorism. I can answer that, yes. However, the reason why I can affirm that is because they would have created violence, just as they are taught to do in the Koran as they follow in the footsteps of their founder, Muhammad. They usually do. The only violence at Bundy Ranch or in Oregon was the result of the Oregon State Police , the FBI , and the Bureau of Land Management . Those were the people with guns pointed at citizens, despite Devega's claims otherwise. 
If that was not enough, Devega forgot that a Native American woman, Sheila M. Warren, testified on behalf of'¦ the defense! Was that your white privilege Mr. Devega? 
"As the social-media hashtag #CrimingWhileWhite signals, there is a dual system of justice in the United States of America One exists for white people '” especially white conservatives and other members of the right wing '” and a separate one for people of color and Muslims," added Devega. "This is white privilege weaponized through the law." 
Devega is not the only one to put forth this nonsense. 
New York Times columnist Nicholas Kristof also claimed this acquittal may have been racially motivated. 
Other people on social media chimed in making the same ridiculous claims without ever once citing any law that was broken. Terrorism is legal when ur white https://t.co/ewFsaRpJVJ

ARTICLE

Email 
Over the course of the last six decades, only one Supreme Court appointee of a president representing the party of the American Left has veered ever so slightly from the progressive party line on any case of significance. That individual, Byron "Whizzer" White, was named to the Court by John F. Kennedy back in 1962. Among those few cases where White departed from his voting pattern, there is not a single instance where his deviation involved a deciding vote. 
On the other hand, the list of "Republican" Supreme Court appointees over the same period, constituting a majority on the Court, consisted of far more individuals who "surprise" us by aligning themselves with the Left wing on crucial cases. The list of such chronic crossovers on key cases are Earl Warren, Potter Stewart, John Harlan, John Brennan, Lewis Powell, Warren Burger, Harry Blackmun, Sandra Day O'Connor, John Paul Stevens, David Souter, Anthony Kennedy, and John Roberts. 
By contrast, very few justices tended to adhere to the Constitution, or "conservative' line: William Rehnquist, Antonin Scalia, Clarence Thomas, and Samuel Alito. Even within this latter group of four, there have been far more frequent "defections" than among any of the eleven Democrat-appointed Justices that served during the same period. In fact, each and every conservative has tended to stray to the Left with more frequency than the one Democrat "maverick", White, who did not stray from progressive ideology when his was a deciding vote. 
For example, Republican-appointed O'Connor and Kennedy seemed to intentionally take turns giving the Left a deciding vote, with one of the duo often authoring a scathing "dissent". Each of the two allowed their fellow conservative justice to maintain a 'centrist' image, while at the same time gifting the liberal branch with wins in virtually all significant cases. 
Below is an incomplete, abbreviated list of 'decrees' rendered by the High Court, some with the decisive assistance of these pseudo-conservatives. These unconstitutional opinions relied on contrived 'rights' and tortured reasoning which defied common sense: Roe v. Wade, which created a so-called 'right' to abort babies while ignoring the infant's natural right to life Whole Woman's Health v. Hellerstedt, striking two provisions of a Texas law put in place for the safety of women and babies and to prevent the fostering of horrific clinics like that of convicted triple murderer Kermit Gosnell Various decisions removing restrictions on pornography and calling it 'free speech' The Kelo eminent domain case, stealing private property for unconstitutional purposes The strike-down of Defense of Marriage Act (DOMA) The banning of all state and local sodomy laws The legalization of American flag burning Overturning the will of the people and their state referendums, as in California's Proposition 8 Welfare for illegal aliens The wild expansion of federal authority under the pretext that virtually all commerce is "interstate" 
The conventional explanations for these discrepancies are in outcomes. Liberal leaning presidents choose nominees based on progressive ideology, whereas conservative presidents give more weight to judicial competence. The record shows that Democratic Senators have let progressive politics be their guide in the confirmation process, thereby tending to be obstructionist when a given candidate appears to emphasize the original intent of the Framers. However, Republicans tend to simply defer to the will of the given Democrat presidents and ignore the conservative principles they fervently claimed when they were running for office. As a result, both parties are actually working in tandem toward the same progressive agenda. This explains why politicians will not fulfill their responsibility to rein in the High Court when it clearly violates the Constitution or encroaches on state and local areas of responsibility. 
In ex-FBI agent Dan Smoot's 1962 investigative report, 'The Invisible Government' , Smoot convincingly details how the same individuals have traditionally chosen most presidential nominees for both parties and how the "Democratic Socialist" agenda of the hard Left guides their choices. It is this liberal ideology that has facilitated the appointment of out-of-control activist judges. 
Of the two 2016 major party presidential candidates on the ballot November 8 th , one was chosen using the illegitimate process detailed in 'The Invisible Government'. More than half of Americans believe the process was 'rigged', just as the ex-FBI agent described in his report. 
However, the opposing nominee did not appear to have been the first choice of the Republican Party's ostensibly conservative establishment. By a wide margin, the voters selected Trump as their candidate in the Republican primaries (formerly a non-political outsider) much to the outward frustration of the establishment . It seemed that Trump was a departure from the counterfeit-conservative politicians with which Republican voters had become accustomed to being saddled, at least in the recent past . 

Trump later announced a slate of potential High Court nominees, whom he stated he'd selected specifically to break the mold of the stealth progressives typically appointed by Republican presidents. He vowed that his list of Supreme Court candidates (vetted and approved by the Heritage Foundation and the Federalist Society) would base their decisions on the original intent of the Framers of the Constitution. 
It is clear that an activist, nefarious Supreme Court has facilitated America's drift to the Left and away from both freedom and moral decency. It has moved far away from the objectives of the Framers who made clear their intentions for the High Court were to only call the balls and strikes, not usurp Congress, the States, and the People by legislating from the bench. 
According to the Federalist Papers , the unelected federal judiciary is to constitute, by far, the weakest and most restricted of the three branches. The Framers never intended federal courts to have authority to strike any and everything produced by the States, Congress, or the Executive branch as "unconstitutional" with no checks and balances or reciprocal powers at their disposal. Nullification was Thomas Jefferson's default 'rightful remedy' for overreach. Read more on nullification at the Tenth Amendment Center.com . 
Jefferson long ago expressed fears that the Supreme Court monster might consume its creator, the States, when in 1820 he wrote, ' The Constitution has erected no such single tribunal, knowing that to whatever hands confided, with the corruptions of time and party, its members would become despots'¦When the legislative or executive functionaries act unconstitutionally, they are responsible to the people in their elective capacity. The exemption of the judges from that is quite dangerous enough. I know of no safe depository of the ultimate powers of the society, but the people themselves'¦' Jefferson went on to write in a separate letter that same year, 'The judiciary of the United States is the subtle corps of sappers and miners constantly working underground to undermine our Constitution from a co-ordinate of a general and special government to a general supreme one alone. This will lay all things at their feet'¦ I will say, that against this every man should raise his voice, and more, should uplift his arm.' 
Since that time, our High Courts have become a refuge for radical progressives who routinely practice judicial overreach. They violate the Constitution by erroneously "passing" horrendous and insupportable "legislation" from the bench, while usurping the authority of Congress and the People. 
With an America teetering precariously on the brink in a descent into authoritarianism, erosion of religious liberty, cultural decadence, the unregulated murder and mutilation of the unborn, violation of borders, terrorism, economic collapse, civil unrest verging on civil war, disrespect and violence against law enforcement, breached national security, and military vulnerability, at the very least it behooves Americans to right the ship of the Supreme Court. 
One of the two major party presidential candidates will appoint a new Supreme Court justice immediately, and up to five more justices during their term, each of whom could serve as many as thirty or more years. It is crucial that We the People consider where each candidate stands on these appointments before we cast our vote. 
When Jefferson argued in 1823 against the erroneous Marbury v Madison Supreme Court opinion in a letter to Judge William Johnson, he wrote 'True, there must be an ultimate arbiter somewhere; but the ultimate arbiter is the people.' 
*Article by Charles Lewis Don't forget to Like Freedom Outpost on Facebook , Google Plus , & Twitter . You can also get Freedom Outpost delivered to your Amazon Kindle device here .

ARTICLE

Email 
There was a time that the parent of a child was the final authority. There would be no way the state could step in and force decisions. Especially decisions that would be life altering and permanently damaging. 
None of us would think that a social work would threaten to take our children if we did not let them have sex with their love interests. They would not make us allow our children to disfigure themselves. 'If little Johnny wants to cut off his nose, you must consent.' This notion would be absurd. 
Not in Britain. 
The Christian Post reports : 
Christian parents in the U.K. are taking legal action against their local council authority after it undermined their parental rights and sided with their 14-year-old daughter who says she wants to transition to become a boy. 
The Daily Mail reports that the girl, who cannot be named for legal reasons, told local council officials that she wants to start transitioning to look like a boy. The parents have said that she is too young to be making such decisions, however, and will be meeting with teachers and social workers next month to discuss how the girl should be addressed and treated at school. 
The Christian Legal Centre, which will be funding the legal costs for the parents, blamed the 'transgender cultural movement' for creating what it called a new 'conflict of rights' within the family. 
Society is growing more and more antagonistic to parents. This antagonism is especially true if that parent is Christian. As I reported , in North Carolina, the Gender Unicorn teaches teens that their parents have no place in such decisions. 
This proves that this is not something that is soon to be coming to America; it is already here. 
Article posted with permission from Constitution.com   shares

ARTICLE

Donald Trump and called out Hillary Clinton for her many lies. 
"I bet if Donald Trump had a brick for every lie Hillary has told he could build two walls," she told the enthusiastic crowd in attendance. 
"As a thirteen year old even I know Hillary Clinton is working for her own success and ways to control my life, my family's life and your lives'¦ She wants to make it Hillary's America'¦ not The Peoples' America," she added. 
Indeed, Hillary Clinton has told about as many whoppers in her lifetime as her husband Bill, whose famous lie was "I did not have sex with that woman, not one time." Her lies also compete in close proximity to those of Barack Hussein Obama Soetoro Sobarkah . 
There is definitely a great joke here that two walls could be built if Hillary's lies were combined, but the sadder reality is that she's even being considered for the White House. In fact, it's amazing that she can get any support. Oh wait, perhaps the only support she actually has come from people she pays to support her, and even that seems to be with reluctance .   shares

ARTICLE

Email 
In the following interview with the X22Report Spotlight report, Dr. Jim Willie unleashes with both guns blazing on a subject I've been warning about for about for over two years now, which is the loss the U.S. Dollar's status as the World's Global Reserve Currency. 
For the simple fact that no one under the age of 70 has never known a planet earth where the U.S. Dollar has not been the World's Reserve Currency, most Americans in particular have no idea what it will mean when we lose that status. 
The subject is not one that is taught in schools until well into the graduate school level in most cases, so unless a person has done independent research on the subject, the average American cannot comprehend how painful it will be for individual American families not IF, but WHEN the inevitable finally happens. 
Losing the World Reserve Currency status is a process, just like losing the world's faith in the U.S. was a process. Both are processes that have been well underway for the better part of the last two decades, especially this past decade. Roughly ten years ago, 75% of global trade was denominated in U.S. Dollars, and that makes sense. After all, we've been the Reserve Currency. 
Over the last ten years, that figure has dropped to roughly 35% of all global trade which is now settled in U.S. Dollars, because countries are rushing to distance themselves from the U.S. for many of the reasons Dr. Willie outlines in another interview from earlier today titled, Dr. Jim Willie: Unprecedented Bond Dumping Means U.S. Dollar Collapse Ahead . 
The bottom line is this: The U.S. has grossly abused its privilege of being the World Reserve Currency, largely because we've adopted the practice of monetizing our debt by printing money out of thin air. Giving that process a fancy name like Quantitative Easing, doesn't change the reality of what it is. We print money out of thin air, and rip-off every country we've borrowed from when we pay them back with Dollars worth less than the ones we borrowed. 
Now, the world has lost all faith in the only thing that backs the U.S. Dollar in the first place: The Full Faith and Credit of the United States Government. In the interview, Dr. Willie gives a BLISTERING account of what to expect. He begins the first 30 seconds of the interview by explaining how once the U.S. Dollar is finished being phased out, a process that as I've said is well underway, he expects the Dollar to experience a massive currency devaluation of 30% almost instantly. 
After the initial devaluation of 30%, Dr. Willie expects there to be another another 30% devaluation six to eight months down the road, followed by a long series of 20% devaluations over the next several years, until we reach a point in about 4-5 years when our currency is completely devalued, and worth about 10% of what it is today. 
For a country with a trade deficit of over $500 BILLION, and as a country that imports over 50% of our food'¦ that means conditions Americans once considered to be unthinkable here in the United States, will soon become ordinary. Let that sink in for a moment. The unthinkable will become ordinary. The time to prepare is now. Brace yourself for a very intense interview'¦ one of Dr. Willie's most intense ever! 
DO NOT MISS THE SECOND VIDEO BELOW WITH CANADIAN BILLIONAIRE NED GOODMAN, AS HE LECTURES ON THE COMING COLLAPSE OF THE U.S. DOLLAR! 

As individual Americans or as families, in the past when we've heard news from pundits or politicians talking about issues like trade deficits, bad trade deals, or the federal debt, many times what we hear goes in one ear and out the other, because many of us cannot SEE or FEEL how those reports affect our families on a daily basis, or in our every day lives. 
The loss of the Reserve Currency is not something that might happen. It's not something that could happen. It's an eventually that there's no chance of avoiding. That ship set sail far too long ago to fix the damage already done, and what lies ahead. It's not an event where a vote is taken, and we'll lose the status over night thanks to anything done by a U.N. vote, or by our own politicians in Washington. What's done is done, now it just has to play out. 
As explained, it's a process, and it's well underway. I could not be more serious when I say that conditions Americans once considered to be unthinkable in the United States, will soon become ordinary. If you're fortunate enough to still be working, and you have an income, do not squander your opportunity to protect your family. Begin preparing. There is a reason Peter Schiff has said: The Collapse of the Dollar Will Be the Single Biggest Event In All of Human History . 
How The Coming Dollar Collapse Will Leave Americans Destitute 
An increasing number of financial experts are saying the United States dollar is no longer a reliable and dependable currency '“ and that its downfall is inevitable. There are even some experts who think the dollar is so unstable that the Chinese Yuan will soon become the world's reserve currency, or currency of choice. 
'Our addictions to debt and cheap money have finally caused our major international creditors to call for an end to dollar hegemony and to push for a 'de-Americanized' world,' investment advisor and financial strategist Micheal Pento wrote in an op-ed piece for CNBC . 
Others agree. 
'In my view the dollar is about to become dethroned as the world's defacto currency basically,' Canadian billionaire investor Ned Goodman said. 'We're headed to a period of stagflation , maybe serious inflation , and the United States will be losing the privilege of being able to print at its will the global reserve currency.' 
Goodman believes the US already is in another recession. The unemployment numbers are understated and the 'real' unemployment number likely is closer to 15 percent, he said. 
Over half of 200 international institutional investors surveyed by the Economist think that the Yuan will eventually replace the dollar as the world's reserve currency. The reserve currency is the money most commonly accepted for international trade. 

Why Reserve Currencies Matter 
Having money with a reserve currency status enables a nation to dominate and control the world's financial markets, as their currency is used for international trade and transactions. The US has the ability to maintain a $17 trillion national debt largely because the dollar is the reserve currency. 
A nation with a reserve currency can simply print money to pay its debts. 
In past centuries nations such as Britain, France, Spain, the Netherlands, and Portugal lost their status as super powers in part when their money lost reserve currency status. Reserve currencies collapse because people no longer trust or believe in the governments that issue them. 
Goodman says that the US dollar became the reserve currency in the 1970s because Saudi Arabia agreed to only accept only the dollar as payment for oil. Goodman noted that at least one major producer, Russia, is now accepting Yuan in payment for oil. 
Goodman was referring to a deal that Chinese President Xi Jinping and Russian leader Vladimir Putin made last May. Under the terms of deal, Russian companies can borrow money directly from China in exchange for oil. 
The US dollar once was backed by gold and silver, Goodman said, but now is 'backed by nothing.' 
Australia Starts Using Yuan 
One of America's oldest and closest allies may have taken the first step to ending the dollar's reign as the reserve currency. CNBC reported that the Yuan will now be traded in Australia's financial markets. Among other things that will let Chinese customers pay Australian firms in Yuan. China is the biggest market for Australia's exports such as iron and coal. 
Story continues below video 

The Australian government has endorsed the deal because China is Australia's biggest trading partner. Arthur Sinodinos, Australia's Assistant Treasurer (treasury secretary) even went on CNBC's Asia Squawk Box show to endorse the deal. 
'It's a big vote of confidence by both countries in the future of the relationship,' Sinodinos said. Not even recent economic problems in China seemed to dampen Sinodinos' enthusiasm for the arrangement. 
'There's no doubt that the Chinese authorities are having to manage issues in the financial sector to make sure that growth is sustained, but they've shown great skill at that in the past they were very adept at the fallout from the global financial crisis,' Sinodinos said. In other words, Sinokinos believes the Chinese are doing a very good job of managing their economy and their currency is reliable. 

How will the Dethroning of the Dollar Affect You? 
Observers disagree widely on how the end of the dollar's reign as reserve currency would affect the US economy and average Americans. Retired neurosurgeon and pundit Dr. Ben Carson thinks it would turn the US into a third world nation and lead to unrest that would lead to martial law, as Off The Grid News recently reported. 
Goodman believes there will soon be a massive sell off of US dollars that will lead to inflation. He also suggested a way for people to protect their assets. 
'The Chinese have three and a half trillion US dollars and they're spending these dollars as quickly as they can, and it will not be long before the rest of the world and the US will be thinking likewise. I do.' Goodman said. 
In the 1930s, everyone wanted US dollars, he said, but today they're trying to get rid of them. He thinks that many investors are trying to spend all of their dollars to buy hard assets in order to avoid losing money invested in dollars. 
That means average people might be able to protect themselves by investing in hard assets such as gold, real estate or silver, Goodman said. 
Article posted with permission from The Last Great Stand   shares

ARTICLE

Lowlifes '” and they act so self-righteous, scorning and smearing those of us who are fighting in defense of freedom and pursuit of truth. Crooks, liars, cheaters and worse. 
If America elects these criminals, she deserves what's to come. 
Hacked email suggests Donna Brazile leaked question to Hillary Clinton campaign ahead of CNN primary debate, ' Business Insider, October 31, 2016: 
Donna Brazile, the interim chair of the Democratic National Committee, appeared to tip off Hillary Clinton's campaign about a question in advance of a CNN Democratic primary debate in March, hacked emails published by WikiLeaks on Monday suggested. 
'One of the questions directed to HRC tomorrow is from a woman with a rash,' Brazile emailed John Podesta, Clinton's campaign chairman, and Jennifer Palmieri, Clinton's communications director. 
Brazile added: 'Her family has lead poison and she will ask what, if anything, will Hillary do as president to help the ppl of Flint.' That exact question was not asked the next night at the debate in Flint, Michigan. But Mikki Wade, a public-housing program manager who subsequently said in an interview that her son had developed a rash from the contaminated water, asked Clinton about the situation with the water in Flint.'If elected president, what course will you take to regain my trust in government?' Wade asked. Article posted with permission from Pamela Geller. Don't forget to Like Freedom Outpost on Facebook , Google Plus , & Twitter . You can also get Freedom Outpost delivered to your Amazon Kindle device here . shares

ARTICLE

 
Corruption '“ defined as: 1 a: impairment of integrity, virtue, or moral principle: DEPRAVITY b: DECAY,DECOMPISITION c: inducement to wrong by improper or unlawful means (as bribery) d: a departure from the original or from what is correct 2 archaic ; an agency or influence that corrupts. 
Now that the FBI has decided to continue the Hillary Clinton emails investigation , Clinton has stated that she wants the FBI to show what they have; our guess is that if Comey did show what he had, Clinton would first laugh and then say they are of no importance. We tried to find another individual that made such a statement and could find none. What we did find was the way the Nazi Party told the Jews just before they killed them, 'We will not hurt you; all that is just a lot of lies.' With the latest information coming out on Hillary Rodham Clinton , we have decided to just let it go because she buried herself by sending classified or secret emails to her dear friend Huma Abedin . Of course Clinton is going to downplay all this new investigation going on about her. 
The corruption in the rank and file of the Clinton Campaign, the Clinton Foundation, and all of what seems to be at her call for whatever she wants, is now being opened to the eyes of those whom Clinton has a distaste for but whose votes she still wants. In Rewriting History in 2005, Hillary stated to Dick Morris her clear ideas of what the Democratic voters were to her: 
'Look, the average Democrat voter is just plain stupid. They're easy to manipulate. That's the easy part.' 
This alone should make the Democrats question why they should support an individual that calls them 'stupid.' But the corruption does not end with this, and this corruption will follow Clinton to the White House, should she be elected to spew their corruption even deeper into the Washington, D.C., political machine she will have set up for her by her helpers. This CORRUPTION is nothing new to Hillary Rodham Clinton; she did it in the Watergate Scandal, where she was kicked out of the investigation due to her corruption. 
With the distribution of the wikileaks disclosures of the emails from and to her top campaign advisors, it seems that they are working overtime to drum the next scandal into the ground as the following one pops up. Yes, they are very good at deflecting the attention from the scandals that surround Hillary Clinton, but that is the normal approach using the tried and true Communist Saul Alinsky approach to disguise the wrong with a distraction of others. While people are looking at the distraction, Hillary's scandals are swept under the rug until the next one pops up. All of the Clinton staff knows how to do this and Clinton has the best at distraction: John Podesta. 
Clinton seems to think that the FBI has nothing on her, and she laughs it off as nothing once again; but we heard that type of talk from none other than her idol, Saul Alinsky . 
In Living History , she describes her views during that time as far more pragmatic than leftwing. 
She 'agreed with some of Alinsky's ideas,' Clinton wrote in her first memoir, but the two had a 'fundamental disagreement' over his anti-establishment tactics. 
She described how this disagreement led to her parting ways with Alinsky in the summer before law school in 1969. 
'He offered me the chance to work with him when I graduated from college, and he was disappointed that I decided instead to go to law school,' she wrote. 
'Alinsky said I would be wasting my time, but my decision was an expression of my belief that the system could be changed from within.' 
Hillary Clinton states rather clearly that she broke lines with Saul Alinsky because she felt that she could better do what he stated from within the 'establishment.' She has not changed from that stance of change from within. 
But Hillary Clinton does not do this to help the poor or even the voters: no, she reaches out to voters to place her in the White House so she can cause much more corruption at higher levels, making sure the Clinton Foundation gets rich off her being president, and she only needs the people to win. 
And how about a view in the Moroccan deal that gave her a chance to get 12 million dollars for her Clinton Foundation? Let us take a look at RT news: 
'$12 Million Payoff from the King of Morocco to Hillary 
In a mail from February 2016, simply titled 'speaking at the banks,' Neera Tanden, the President and CEO of the Center for American Progress, suggests to John Podesta that Clinton 'should just return the money' if she 'lose[s] badly.' 
Another email from Clinton aide Huma Abedin to Mook and Podesta in January 2015 details how Moroccan authorities donated to the Clinton Foundation's Clinton Global Initiative (CGI) to get access to Clinton. 
Abedin says the 'King has personally committed approx $12 million both for the endowment and to support the meeting' and that 'the condition upon which the Moroccans agreed to host the meeting was her participation. If hrc was not part of it, meeting was a non-starter.' 
Can you believe that Hillary Clinton can get away with this? If this had been any one of the people on any Republican ticket, they would be bared from being in any election, due to their corruption. Hillary Clinton, on the other hand, just continues on like none of this has happened, ignoring the poor people that wish they had just a tenth of what she got here. Take another look at a group that is bound to duty to destroy as much of the Constitution as they can, the Center for American Progress. That group is supported by the Nazi sympathizer George Soros, who worked with Hillary Clinton to develop another group that is called, the Shadow Party. We did discuss this in an earlier article . 
The idea that Hillary Clinton worked with a Nazi sympathizer like George Soros should make people stand up and ask serious questions, but our news media has their pockets lined by Soros, and they would never do anything to make him mad. It is kind of like what the Nazi Party did to the German people in 1932: control the news media and have them print and say only what Adolph Hitler said they could say, much like what they are doing today. We defeated the Nazi's in 1945, but George Soros ran to the United States later to hide from those he allowed to suffer. Today, it would almost seem to indicate that maybe George Soros has his lady in place for his final battle on the free people of the United States. Think about that for a while and understand that Hillary Clinton gets a lot of support from George Soros. 
We asked if Hillary Rodham Clinton was maybe a Communist , but with George Soros pulling her strings, maybe she is an undercover Nazi? 
But with the emails coming out about John Podesta and Hillary Clinton, we have to wonder just what is going on here. Both Hillary and Podesta actually wish to destroy the Constitution. John Podesta is working to destroy the Constitution; we showed a part of that in the above referenced article. 
To close, we wish we would not have such a bad election as this one'“one where voting Democratic is nearly like voting to eliminate the Constitution. Voting Republican, we get a man who has no need to run for president other than to, as he stated, 'to clean the swamp.' We hear from the 'Public' side of Hillary Clinton, while on the 'Private' side of Hillary Clinton, she has a totally different idea for the United States. In one instance, Clinton said, 'The Supreme Court is wrong on the Second Amendment.' Just what part of the Second Amendment was she talking about? 
We do hope that our nation wakes up very soon and sees that the Democratic Party has turned into a Socialist Party that borders upon a Communist ideology. The United States was never designed for such ill and vile ideas as both Socialists and Communists wish to impose upon the people of the United States. Our nation was designed to be a free nation, with the free entanglement of ideas, discussing how we can do better, not how we can dissolve the very Constitution that made our nation great. This election is down to what the people wish: Freedom, or a Socialist state where the poor remain poor and the rich (like the corrupt Hillary Clinton) keep getting rich. It is our time to decide what will go down in the history of the United States as the most important election of our nation. Vote for what is right for our nation, not for what we as individuals can get out of it. That is not what the United States is. Comment on this Article Via Your Facebook Account Comment on this Article Via Your Disqus Account Follow Us on Facebook!

ARTICLE

Email 
Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton are standing on a street corner waiting for a bus. As the bus approaches, Obama grabs Hillary and tosses her out on to the street, where she is then run over by the oncoming bus. 
Of course, this would never happen '“ literally. Neither Obama nor Clinton would ever be caught dead on a bus. Under it, yes - but not in one. 
Naturally, I'm kidding about Barack tossing Hillary under the bus. He has not the strength to do so. Again '“ kidding. These are the jokes. I'm here all night. 
But seriously '“ it does appear that Obama has figuratively thrown her highness under the bus, again, for her ever-growing email scandal. I say again, for this isn't the first time the president has done so. 
In 2015, when asked about Hillary's private server, Obama stated , 'The policy of my administration is to encourage transparency, which is why my emails, the Blackberry I carry around, all those records are available and archived.' Translation '“ I don't know what she has been doing, but I follow the law. 
My buddy Tim Brown at Freedom Outpost reported that both Obama and Biden, prior to the 2012 election, threw Hillary under the bus over the Benghazi scandal. Both men claimed they had no knowledge that those in Benghazi requested more security prior to the attack. Biden stated during a Vice Presidential debate that year that, 'We [Biden and Obama] weren't told they wanted more security. We did not know they wanted more security there,' effectively hanging it on Hillary. 
It's common knowledge of the disdain the Obamas have for the Clintons, and vice versa. As far out radical as Obama is, I don't think he's a crook '“ or if he is, he is better at hiding it. Obama doesn't appear to have sold the White House to highest bidder the way Hillary did at State '“ or selling naked options on her potential to become president. 
At this point, it seems Barack is probably tiring of constantly having to defend a woman he really can't stand, which is why, in my estimation, he is once again hanging her out to dry. 
Just yesterday, White House spokes-punk Josh Earnest said that the White House stood by FBI Director James Comey on Monday as a man of 'integrity' and 'principle' in the face of a Democrat-led assault on his character and intentions. This is a major blow to Clinton '“ one I'm sure she is furious over. 
The Daily Mail reports Earnest stated at a daily briefing that, 'The president's assessment of his [Comey] integrity and his character has not changed. The president doesn't believe he's secretly strategizing to benefit one candidate or one political party.' This, despite attacks on Comey's character by Clinton, her surrogates, and now 'Dirty' Harry Reid. 
In a rather surprising turn, Earnest even defended President George W. Bush for his selection of Comey. This is highly unusual, as it is this White House's historic M.O. to blame Bush for literally everything. 
I don't know why the White House seems to be separating itself from the Clinton camp. If I had to guess, beyond the hatred factor, I'd say that Obama has calculated that, at this point, his legacy is far more important than a president Hillary, and he does not wish to be forever connected to the scandal-ridden candidate. It's probably a fair calculation. That, and maybe by favoring Comey in this war, he might himself purchase some good will to keep his involvement under wraps. Don't forget to Like Freedom Outpost on Facebook , Google Plus , & Twitter . You can also get Freedom Outpost delivered to your Amazon Kindle device here .

ARTICLE

Tin pot rule and corruption in the United States '” it's like Sodom and Gomorrah: there is not one honest man in the party of treason and treachery. 
Podesta brags DOJ's Huma 'investigation' spokesman Peter Kadzik 'kept me out of jail' see WikiLeaks here. 
'John Podesta's Best Friend At The DOJ Will Be In Charge Of The DOJ's Probe Into Huma Abedin Emails,' Zero Hedge , October 31, 2016: 
Now that the FBI has obtained the needed warrant to start poring over the 650,000 or so emails uncovered in Anthony Weiner's notebook, among which thousands of emails sent from Huma Abedin using Hillary Clinton's personal server, moments ago the Us Justice Department decided to also finally join the probe, and as AP reported moments ago, it vowed to dedicate all needed resources to quickly review the over half a million emails in the Clinton case. 
https://twitter.com/AP/status/793184986832769025 

In the letter to Congress, the DOJ writes that it 'will continue to work closely with the FBI and together, dedicate all necessary resources and take appropriate steps as expeditiously as possible,' assistant attorney General Peter J. Kadzik writes in letters to House and Senate lawmakers. #BREAKING Senior DOJ official sends letter to lawmakers responding to request for more information about email review. #8days pic.twitter.com/PCgT2ODkQd 
'” Just the Facts (@JTF_News) October 31, 2016 
So far so good, even if one wonders just how active the DOJ will be in a case that has shown an unprecedented schism between the politically influenced Department of Justice and the FBI. 
And yet, something felt odd about this. 
Kadzik'¦ Kadzik'¦ where have we heard that name? 
Oh yes. Recall our post from last week, ' Clinton Campaign Chair Had Dinner With Top DOJ Official One Day After Hillary's Benghazi Hearing ' in which we reported that John Podesta had dinner with one of the highest ranked DOJ officials the very day after Hillary Clinton's Benghazi testimony? 
It was Peter Kadzik. 
In other words, the best friend of John Podesta, Clinton's Campaign char, at the DOJ will be in charge of a probe that could potentially sink Hillary Clinton. 
For those who missed it, this is what we reported: 
The day after Hillary Clinton testified in front of the House Select Committee on Benghazi last October, John Podesta, Hillary's campaign chairman met for dinner with a small group of well-connected friends, including Peter Kadzik, who is currently a top official at the US Justice Department serving as Assistant Attorney General for Legislative Affairs. 
The post-Benghazi dinner was attended by Podesta, Kadzik, superlobbyist Vincent Roberti and other well-placed Beltway fixtures. The first mention of personal contact between Podesta and Kadzik in the Wikileaks dump is in an Oct. 23, 2015 email sent out by Vincent Roberti, a lobbyist who is close to Podesta and his superlobbyist brother, Tony Podesta. In it, Roberti refers to a dinner reservation at Posto, a Washington D.C. restaurant. The dinner was set for 7:30 that evening, just one day after Clinton gave 11 hours of testimony to the Benghazi Committee. 
Podesta and Kadzik met several months later for dinner at Podesta's home, another email shows. Another email sent on May 5, 2015, Kadzik's son asked Podesta for a job on the Clinton campaign. 
As the Daily Caller noted , the dinner arrangement 'is just the latest example of an apparent conflict of interest between the Clinton campaign and the federal agency charged with investigating the former secretary of state's email practices.' As one former U.S. Attorney tells told the DC, the exchanges are another example of the Clinton campaign's 'cozy relationship' with the Obama Justice Department. 
The hacked emails confirm that Podesta and Kadzik were in frequent contact. In one email from January, Kadzik and Podesta, who were classmates at Georgetown Law School in the 1970s, discussed plans to celebrate Podesta's birthday. And in another sent last May, Kadzik's son emailed Podesta asking for a job on the Clinton campaign. 
'The political appointees in the Obama administration, especially in the Department of Justice, appear to be very partisan in nature and I don't think had clean hands when it comes to the investigation of the private email server,' says Matthew Whitaker, the executive director of the Foundation for Accountability and Civic Trust, a government watchdog group. 
'It's the kind of thing the American people are frustrated about is that the politically powerful have insider access and have these kind of relationships that ultimately appear to always break to the benefit of Hillary Clinton,' he added, comparing the Podesta-Kadzik meetings to the revelation that Attorney General Loretta Lynch met in private with Bill Clinton at the airport in Phoenix days before the FBI and DOJ investigating Hillary Clinton. 
Kadzik's role at the DOJ, where he started in 2013, is particularly notable Kadzik, as helped spearhead the effort to nominate Lynch, who was heavily criticized for her secret meeting with the former president. 
It gets better because, as we further revealed, if there is one person in the DOJ who is John Podesta's, and thus the Clinton Foundation's inside man, it is Peter Kadzik. 
Kadzik represented Podesta during the Monica Lewinsky investigation. And in the waning days of the Bill Clinton administration, Kadzik lobbied Podesta on behalf of Marc Rich, the fugitive who Bill Clinton controversially pardoned on his last day in office. That history is cited by Podesta in another email hacked from his Gmail account. In a Sept. 2008 email , which the Washington Free Beacon flagged last week, Podesta emailed an Obama campaign official to recommend Kadzik for a supportive role in the campaign. Podesta, who would later head up the Obama White House transition effort, wrote that Kadzik was a 'fantastic lawyer' who 'kept me out of jail.' 
Podesta was caught in a sticky situation in both the Lewinsky affair and the Rich pardon scandal. As deputy chief of staff to Clinton in 1996, Podesta asked then-United Nations ambassador Bill Richardson to hire the 23-year-old Lewinsky . In April 1996, the White House transferred Lewinsky from her job as a White House intern to the Pentagon in order to keep her and Bill Clinton separate. But the Clinton team also wanted to keep Lewinsky happy so that she would not spill the beans about her sexual relationship with Clinton. 
Richardson later recounted in his autobiography that he offered Lewinsky the position but that she declined it. 
Podesta made false statements to a grand jury impaneled by Independent Counsel Kenneth Starr for the investigation . But he defended the falsehoods, saying later that he was merely relaying false information from Clinton that he did not know was inaccurate at the time. 'He did lie to me,' Podesta said about Clinton in a National Public Radio interview in 1998. Clinton was acquitted by the Senate in Feb. 1999 of perjury and obstruction of justice charges related to the Lewinsky probe. Kadzik, then a lawyer with the firm Dickstein Shapiro Morin & Oshinsky, represented Podesta through the fiasco. 
Podesta had been promoted to Clinton's chief of staff when he and Kadzik became embroiled in another scandal. 
Kadzik was then representing Marc Rich, a billionaire financier who was wanted by the U.S. government for evading a $48 million tax bill. The fugitive, who was also implicated in illegal trading activity with nations that sponsored terrorism, had been living in Switzerland for 17 years when he sought the pardon. To help Rich, Kadzik lobbied Podesta heavily in the weeks before Clinton left office on Jan. 20, 2001. A House Oversight Committee report released in May 2002 stated that 'Kadzik was recruited into Marc Rich's lobbying campaign because he was a long-time friend of White House Chief of Staff John Podesta.' 
The report noted that Kadzik contacted Podesta at least seven times regarding Rich's pardon. On top of the all-hands-on-deck lobbying effort, Rich's ex-wife, Denise Rich, had doled out more than $1 million to the Clintons and other Democrats prior to the pardon . She gave $100,000 to Hillary Clinton's New York Senate campaign and another $450,000 to the Clinton presidential library. 
Kadzik's current role 
In his current role as head of the Office of Legislative Affairs, Kadzik handles inquiries from Congress on a variety of issues. In that role he was not in the direct chain of command on the Clinton investigation. The Justice Department and FBI have insisted that career investigators oversaw the investigation, which concluded in July with no charges filed against Clinton. 
But Kadzik worked on other Clinton email issues in his dealings with Congress. Last November, he denied a request from Republican lawmakers to appoint a special counsel to lead the investigation. 
In a Feb. 1, 2016 letter in response to Kadzik, Florida Rep. Ron DeSantis noted that Kadzik had explained 'that special counsel may be appointed at the discretion of the Attorney General when an investigation or prosecution by the Department of Justice would create a potential conflict of interest.' 
DeSantis, a Republican, suggested that Lynch's appointment by Bill Clinton in 1999 as U.S. Attorney in New York may be considered a conflict of interest. He also asserted that Obama's political appointees '” a list which includes Kadzik '” 'are being asked to impartially execute their respective duties as Department of Justice officials that may involve an investigation into the activities of the forerunner for the Democratic nomination for President of the United States.' 
It is unknown if Kadzik responded to DeSantis' questions. 
Kadzik's first involvement in the Clinton email brouhaha came in a Sept. 24, 2015 response letter to Senate Judiciary Committee chairman Chuck Grassley in which he declined to confirm or deny whether the DOJ was investigating Clinton. Last month, Politico reported that Kadzik angered Republican lawmakers when, in a classified briefing, he declined to say whether Clinton aides who received DOJ immunity were required to cooperate with congressional probes. 
Kadzik also testified at a House Oversight Committee hearing last month on the issue of classifications and redactions in the FBI's files of the Clinton email investigation. 
* * * 
And now it seems that Kadzik will be in charge of the DOJ's 'probe' into Huma Abedin's emails. Which is why we are a little skeptical the DOJ will find 'anything' of note. 
Article posted with permission from Pamela Geller Don't forget to Like Freedom Outpost on Facebook , Google Plus , & Twitter . You can also get Freedom Outpost delivered to your Amazon Kindle device here . shares

ARTICLE

Email 
What happens when you get thousands of lawyers involved in the craziest election in modern American history? Unfortunately, we may be about to find out. We all remember the legal tug of war between Al Gore and George W. Bush in 2000, and with each passing day it is becoming more likely that we could see something similar (or even worse) in 2016. In a brand new article entitled ' Clinton, Trump Prepare for Possibility of Election Overtime ', Bloomberg discusses the armies of lawyers that Clinton and Trump are both assembling for this election. It would be nice if it was the American people that actually decided the outcome of this election, but if things are very close on November 8th it may come down to what the courts decide. 
Traditionally, there has been a lot of pressure on the losing candidate to concede to the winning candidate before election night is over. 
However, in recent elections this has begun to change. I already mentioned what took place in the aftermath of the 2000 election, and in 2004 John Kerry did not concede to George W. Bush until the next morning. 
And looking back at the numbers from the 2012 election, it is clear that Mitt Romney should not have conceded the race to Barack Obama so early. There was evidence of election fraud in key battleground states such as Ohio, Pennsylvania, Florida, Colorado and Virginia , and many people out there still believe that Mitt Romney would have won if the election would have been conducted fairly. 
So when Donald Trump says that he may not immediately concede the election if the results are tight, I think that there is wisdom in that. 
A couple of weeks ago, it looked like we may have had a situation where Hillary Clinton could have won by a landslide . But the FBI changed everything when they announced that they were renewing their investigation into Hillary Clinton's emails. Since that announcement, the poll numbers have been rapidly shifting and now Trump has all of the momentum . 
For example, the ABC News/Washington Post tracking poll had Hillary Clinton up by double digits not too long ago, but now it is showing a one point lead for Trump . 
The race is very close at this point, and if the race to 270 electoral votes is razor tight on election night, I don't anticipate that either candidate will be eager to concede. We could see a prolonged legal battle ensue, and that could mean that we don't have a new president until long after election day is over. 
Already, both campaigns are assembling large armies of lawyers. In fact, Bloomberg is reporting that Clinton already has 'thousands of lawyers' that have donated their time to her campaign'¦ 
Clinton is assembling a voter protection program that has drawn thousands of lawyers agreeing to lend their time and expertise in battleground states, though the campaign isn't saying exactly how many or where. It is readying election observers in Florida, North Carolina, Pennsylvania, Ohio, New Hampshire, Iowa, Nevada and Arizona to assess any concerns '” including the potential for voter intimidation '” and to verify normal procedures. 
The Republican National Lawyers Association, which trains attorneys in battleground states and in local jurisdictions where races are expected to be close, aims to assemble 1,000 lawyers ready to monitor polls and possibly challenge election results across the country. Hedge fund manager Robert Mercer, one of Trump's biggest backers, has sunk $500,000 into the group, its biggest donation in at least four presidential elections, Internal Revenue Service filings show. 
And most Americans don't realize this, but Reuters is reporting that the Democrats have already filed election-related lawsuits in four key swing states'¦ 
Democratic Party officials sued Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump in four battleground states on Monday, seeking to shut down a poll-watching effort they said was designed to harass minority voters in the Nov. 8 election . 
In lawsuits filed in federal courts in Pennsylvania, Nevada, Arizona and Ohio, Democrats argued that Trump and Republican Party officials were mounting a 'campaign of vigilante voter intimidation' that violated the 1965 Voting Rights Act and an 1871 law aimed at the Ku Klux Klan. 
Meanwhile, the legal challenges for the Clinton campaign continue to mount. The renewed investigation into Hillary Clinton's mishandling of classified documents is just one of five FBI investigations that are currently looking into the conduct of 'Clinton's inner circle' '¦ 
There are, in fact, not one but five separate FBI investigations which involve members of Clinton's inner circle or their closest relatives '“ the people at the center of what has come to be known as Clintonworld. 
The five known investigations are into: Anthony Weiner, Huma Abedin's estranged husband sexting a 15-year-old; the handling of classified material by Clinton and her staff on her private email server; questions over whether the Clinton Foundation was used as a front for influence-peddling; whether the Virginia governor broke laws about foreign donations; and whether Hillary's campaign chairman's brother did the same. 
Despite everything that we already know about Hillary, about half the country still plans to vote for her. 
If the American people willingly choose to elect the most corrupt presidential candidate in our history, it may be a sign that the events that I talk about in my new book are a lot closer than many people had originally been anticipating. 
But the good news is that a Clinton victory is looking a whole lot less likely than it was just a week or two ago. 
Could it be possible that the FBI has just delivered the ' miracle ' that Donald Trump desperately needed? 
Americans are more emotionally invested in this presidential campaign than they have been in any presidential campaign since at least 1980. Many of those that are backing Trump will be emotionally devastated if he does not win on November 8th, but if Trump does win we are likely to see the radical left throw a political temper tantrum unlike anything that we have ever seen before. 
Earlier today, I shared with my readers the amazing fact that Donald Trump would be 70 years, 7 months and 7 days old during his first full day in the White House if he wins the election. 
Many conservatives are fully convinced that it is Donald Trump's destiny to be president. 
Personally, I do not know what is going to happen. But with a race this close, it may be the courts that end up deciding who our next president is, and that is an outcome that none of us should want to see. 
Take a look at the future of America: The Beginning of the End and then prepare Don't forget to Like Freedom Outpost on Facebook , Google Plus , & Twitter . You can also get Freedom Outpost delivered to your Amazon Kindle device here . shares

ARTICLE

Email 
A couple of weeks ago, it looked like Hillary Clinton was all set to cruise to victory , but now the FBI has delivered an election miracle in the nick of time. A few of my readers had criticized me for suggesting that Trump might lose, but I don't know who is going to win the election, and so all I had to go on was the cold, hard numbers. And a couple of weeks ago the cold, hard numbers were telling me   was going to win. Of course it is entirely possible that the national polls might have been seriously wrong, but even the state polls in the most important battleground states consistently had bad news for Trump. So things didn't look good for Trump at the time, but now   their   emails the poll numbers have shifted dramatically in Trump's favor . 
As I write this article, the national polls have really tightened up. In fact, the latest ABC News/Washington Post tracking poll puts Trump 1 point ahead of Clinton. Trump has all of the momentum at the moment, but that does not mean that he is going to win. As we have seen already in this race, one day can literally change everything. 
And as I noted yesterday , more than 23 million Americans have already voted, and most of that voting was done during a period of time when Hillary Clinton was doing very well in the polls. 
So we shall see what happens. But if Trump does win on November 8th, there is a fact about his birthday which will start to get a lot of attention. 
Donald Trump was born on June 14th, 1946. If you move ahead 70 years from that date, that brings you to June 14th, 2016. Moving forward another 7 months brings you to January 14th, 2017, and moving forward another 7 days brings you to January 21st, 2017. 
And if Donald Trump wins the election, January 21st will be his first full day in office. 
Of course Trump would be inaugurated on January 20th, but he would only be president for part of that day. 
So that means that Donald Trump would be 70 years, 7 months and 7 days old on his first full day as president of the United States. 
And this would happen during year 5777 on the Hebrew calendar. 
These amazing 'coincidences' were first pointed out on Facebook by a user named Alyson Kelly. Some may take these numbers as a sign that Donald Trump is supposed to become the next president, but I want to make it exceedingly clear that I do not know what is going to happen, nor am I making any sort of prediction about what is going to happen. 
I just thought that this information was 'interesting' and so I thought that I would share it. 
Someone that does believe that Trump is going to win is Glenn Beck. He was been virulently anti-Trump throughout this campaign, but now he is convinced that Clinton will be unable to overcome this new email scandal, and he is calling this renewed investigation by the FBI 'the greatest gift given to any candidate of all time in the history of America.' 
Beck also says that if Clinton wins now it will be evidence that 'magic exists', and he is currently projecting that Trump should win the national vote by 5 points '¦ 
'Let's just say he was 8 points, that was fair to say, 8 points behind last week,' Beck said, according to a transcript posted on his website . 'He should win by 5 points.' 
Beck later added: 'How can the next president face a possible collapsing economy, possible war with Russia, and a current war with ISIS? Oh, and also, be under FBI investigation and indictment? Can't. Can't.' 
The conservative personality called the latest FBI revelation 'the greatest gift given to any candidate of all time in the history of America' and added that if Clinton still managed to win, it would be akin to proof 'magic exists.' 
Hopefully Glenn Beck is right, because none of us should want to see Hillary Clinton in the White House. 
She is the most evil, corrupt and scandal-ridden politician of this generation, and I can't understand how any American in their right mind could possibly vote for her. 
And the hits just keep on coming. Wikileaks has just released an email in which John Podesta told Clinton 'fixer' Cheryl Mills that they were 'going to have to dump all those emails so better to do so sooner than later' '¦ 
It was not entirely clear what Podesta meant by that phrase, but it could potentially be smoking gun   . 
Back in 2008, Barack Obama was new, intriguing and mysterious. We didn't know a lot about him, and so one can almost understand how the American people could have been fooled by him. 
But in 2016, Americans know more about Hillary Clinton than they have ever known about any candidate in modern American history. 
The Clintons have a history of crimes and scandals that goes all the way back to the 1980s, but about half the country is choosing to ignore all of that history and vote for her anyway. 
I believe that this election is America's final exam. Originally there were 17 Republicans and 5 Democrats running for the presidency. When you throw in the major third party candidates, that brings us to a total of approximately 25 people that the American public could have chosen from. 
If the American people willingly choose the most wicked candidate out of all of them after everything that has been revealed, I don't think that anyone will be able to say that we don't deserve the bitter consequences that follow that decision. 
The time for talking is almost over, and shortly we shall find out which path the American people have chosen. 
If that choice turns out to be Hillary Clinton after everything that we have seen during this election cycle, I truly believe that we will have reached the point of no return as a nation. 
  shares

ARTICLE

The FBI is not happy with either Director James Comey or the Clinton family, and now former officials are starting to speak out about the issue. 
Former FBI assistant director James Kallstrom told Fox News' Judge Jeanine Pirro that he is fairly certain 'something big is going to happen,' in the Clinton email investigation. He also believes that internal strife at the FBI and the agencies upset with Comey's decision not pursue charges against Hillary Clinton also played a role in Comey's decision to act now. 
'I think there's something happening. People are asking me what is this about. I think something big is going to happen. I don't know what it is. It's just my gut feeling'¦ I think he couldn't hold onto it any longer. OK. Because who knows? Maybe the locals would have stepped in on this. ' 
On Sunday Kallstrom was a guest on a radio show where he called the Clintons a 'crime family.' 
'The Clintons, that's a crime family, basically,' Kallstrom said. 'It's like organized crime. I mean the Clinton Foundation is a cesspool .' 
'¦ 
He also blasted Attorney General Loretta Lynch, claiming that she impeded the investigation into Clinton's private server. 
'The problem here is this investigation was never a real investigation,' he said. 'That's the problem. They never had a grand jury empanelled, and the reason they never had a grand jury empanelled, I'm sure, is Loretta Lynch would not go along with that.' 
Kallstrom also gave some insight to what is happening inside the agency right now, 'The agents are furious with what's going on, I know that for a fact.' 
Interestingly, over at NBC, Larry Kudlow confirmed much of what Kallstrom said over the weekend when he told Chuck Todd that the FBI was in 'full revolt.' 
'What I'm hearing from everybody, I mean, I have some sources in the F.B.I. and the former district attorney's. The F.B.I. is in full revolt right now. The F.B.I. has been in full revolt since the decisions made last summer'¦ what I'm getting at is if Comey hadn't said what he said to Congress and the rest of the world, it would have leaked. It would have leaked. That whole building was ready to leak that they had discovered this new source with Weiner and Abedin. So, I don't think Comey had much chance here. And I think the F.B.I. is badly divided.' 
Should we dare to hope? Could we really see justice meted out on the Clinton Crime Family? I'm not ready to throw a 'Hillary to Jail' party yet, but I'll be watching what happens over the next few weeks with high hopes for justice. 
By the way, Kallstrom wasn't the only former Assistant Director of the FBI speaking out about the Clinton Family's corruption recently. 
  Constitution.com  

ARTICLE

Email 
It is never so clear cut in war as it is in the movies. There are no black and white hats that participants wear. So, we should not be surprised that in our war on terror we are sometimes forced to work with such bad people. But, there should be a line as to who we are working with. We should not be working with those who hate us as much as ISIS does. 
This seems to be the case as the assault against Mosul in Iraq begins in earnest. Groups that have been supported by our enemy and dedicated to our downfall should be excluded from the list of those fighting alongside our coalition. But, this administration does not draw such a hard line. 
Breitbart reports : 
A Reuters report has confirmed that Shiite militias closely aligned with the Iranian government and the terror group Hezbollah are actively participating in the liberation of Mosul, Iraq, from the Islamic State, following repeated denials from the Pentagon. 
The Shiite Popular Mobilization Forces (PMF) have begun moving closer to Mosul, the capital of the Islamic State in Iraq and the nation's second-largest city. The Islamic State captured the city in 2014, and the government of Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi announced an operation to liberate the city earlier this month. The Iraqi army has agreed to cooperate with Kurdish Peshmerga forces and the U.S. government in the endeavor. 
These groups have been opposed to us and our allies. They are trained and paid by our enemy, Iran. And have committed atrocities against the Sunni citizens they were supposed to be helping. 
Once again, the president has turned a blind eye to those he has helped to take our place in this region. 
Article posted with permission from Constitution.com Don't forget to Like Freedom Outpost on Facebook , Google Plus , & Twitter . You can also get Freedom Outpost delivered to your Amazon Kindle device here . shares

ARTICLE

Email 
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has been criticized for his response as to whether he'd accept 2016 election results. His exact words: 'I'll keep you in suspense.' Several pundits think that statement cost him the election. But read more broadly, the way the subliminal mind does, and his response was brilliant, revealing his astute instincts emanating from the newly discovered unconscious super intelligence (which we all possess). 
His word 'suspense' implies an unfolding drama. Indeed, the depth of this drama is immeasurable. But Trump's telling America a secret story. 
His story is told through his super intelligence which quick reads situations before telling what it perceives between the lines. Trump's super-intel is naturally attuned to other persons' subconscious confessions. They do so in the symbolic language of 'protests too much' denial and 'log in your eye' projection along with other key imagery. 
His super-intel quick reads Hillary Clinton and the media and conveys his response indirectly in code. 
There's far more to the media's insistence that Trump was violating rules by not accepting election results. The media asked, 'Are you going to play by the rules of prior presidential candidates?' But the big picture behind this election focuses on presidents playing by the rules, specifically the rule of law. 
Unconsciously, Trump's answer implied that the candidacy of his Democratic opponent, Hillary Clinton, raises serious rule of law questions. 
For two weeks the media harangued Trump complaining he'd not played by society's accepted rules of sexual conduct. That criticism continued while they ignored Hillary's longtime enabling of her husband's abusive sexual behavior and her documented harassment of his victims as well as her own sexual escapades. The media wanted to turn this sexual matter into the central rule of law issue while a far more important rule of law issue regarding the nation's foundation still sits on the table. 
As Roger L. Simon of pjmedia.com wrote on March 23, 2016, 'The very backbone of our country was the rule of law. Without [it]'¦ America as we know it does not exist.' Simon declared Americans must be convinced that the FBI investigation of Hillary Clinton's email matter was handled justly and that Obama dare not interfere. Neither condition was satisfied. Obama avowed long before the Department of Justice ruled that Hillary was innocent. 
Then FBI Director James Comey in July 2016 detailed many of Hillary's rule of law violations and in a denial confession'”reading through his 'protests too much''”revealed she should have been prosecuted although Comey lacked the courage to see it through. (On October 28 th under pressure from newly discovered emails he reopened the investigation.) 
As Simon warned, Democrats nominated an illegal candidate who should have been tried for breaking the law. Trump reiterated that Hillary shouldn't have been allowed to run. 
Trump also reading Obama's law-breaking Yet there's a deeper, far more powerful story Trump unconsciously hints at '”one which terrifies Democrats and the entire political class. 
Trump demonstrates his subtle super-intel instincts. He's far ahead of the media's conscious take. Deep down, Trump focused on Barack Obama who facilitated Hillary Clinton's violation of the law in her email scandal. 
Trump alludes to a far more significant rule of law issue. His super-intel continues asking the greatest question regarding the legality of any presidential election in U.S. history: the question of Obama's citizenship in 2008 and 2012. 
From 2008 to 2015, Donald Trump stood strong, demonstrating presidential-type leadership by insisting on respect for the Constitution. He questioned Obama's failure to produce evidence of legal U.S. citizenship. When Obama produced his alleged birth certificate under pressure in 2011, Trump was aware that Sheriff Joe Arpaio's panel of document examiners declared it a phony . 
The media buried the issue. Reporters abused millions of Americans, including Trump, by labeling them racist conspiracy theorists'”a basic projection reflecting that the PC media was itself 'enabling the Obama conspiracy' at the expense of our Constitution. 
Don't believe Trump's no longer a birther. Only recently, to avoid media harassment, did he claim that he accepted Obama's U.S. citizenship. But besides the birth issue, Trump saw that Obama continually functioned as an illegal president . To America's detriment he repeatedly violated laws on a whim, for example by ignoring immigration laws. 
When Obama continually neglected to protect America's national security, Trump confronted him. Trump recognized Obama had increasingly enabled Islamic terrorists while simultaneously building up terrorist Iran, even giving them a nuclear bomb on a layaway plan and cash money to boot. 
Following the June 11, 2016 Orlando massacre perpetrated by an Islamic terrorist, Trump confronted Obama, observing that Obama wouldn't identify the enemy'”call them by their name, 'Islamic terrorists''”and Trump suggested Obama unconsciously knew the many reasons he should resign the presidency. 
On the surface, Obama became enraged, but unconsciously Trump elicited from Obama the most shocking confession imaginable. Secretly Obama wants the truth known. 
On the heels of Trump's challenge, Obama explained between the lines of two speeches on June 12 and 14, that he was truly a mind-controlled Stockholm Syndrome prisoner of radical Islam, programmed at an early age in his own home. 
The decoded details are described in my book, The Stockholm Syndrome President, How Trump Triggered Obama's Hidden Confession . 
As he intuitively put together the story of his life, Obama learned the horrifying family secret that his Muslim father had wanted him aborted. 
(My scientific forensic profiling approach confirmed that Obama's super-intel imagery pointed toward a near abortion which matched his life's circumstances including a promiscuous 17 year-old mother unexpectedly pregnant from a casual affair.) 
His father had also emotionally 'killed him' by abandoning him. Obama felt that pain on a daily basis, and then he learned that his father physically abused his mother and two later wives in Kenya. 
The near-death by abortion and constant death experience at the hands of his anti-American Muslim father became fixated in Obama's mind. He became frozen in terror'”suffering a deep early-childhood trauma'”terrified that his father would kill him at any moment. 
When he was a child, his father was radical Islam to him'”both one and the same. To stay alive Obama became an unconscious Stockholm Syndrome victim controlled by Islam'”explaining his repeated capitulations to them as president and his curious refusal to use that term. 
Obama's Stockholm Syndrome remains buried deep in his psyche. Only his unconscious super-intel can tell his story in its psycholinguistic language. In his recent speeches, he unknowingly confessed in key images such as 'doing the terrorists' work for them' or key denials 'then the terrorists would win. I'm not going to let that happen.' 
But Obama further confessed in his June 14 speech, that he was programmed as 'a radical Islam mole' to carry out a major robbery from America'” first by stealing the rule of law and running as an illegal president. 
In fact, Obama has robbed America in many ways: economically with massive debt and hampering business; robbed us of our borders with massive illegal immigration; of gains in racial harmony; of safe communities, of police safety, of inner city safety, of affordable health care, of military power and of our world leadership role. All the while his policies have strengthened terrorist Iran and radical Islam. 
Now return to Trump's threatened refusal to accept the election results. Consider his brilliant super-intel message to the media: 'You keep America in suspense about how you avoid the rule of law both with Hillary Clinton and especially Obama, and I will keep you in suspense as to what I'll do about it.' 
Consciously Trump may not yet fully appreciate his deeper plans, but he hints at them strongly. 
If Trump wins he could appoint a special committee of document examiners to study Obama's birth certificate. As Obama and Clinton have reversed themselves on gay marriage, Trump could simply change his mind about the need to clarify Obama's birthplace. 
But if Trump loses he could still rise to the occasion by putting rule of law money behind a renewed investigation. He could potentially mobilize an abused citizenry. Rule of law Americans could demand Congress take action and legally obtain Obama's birth records'”as Obama himself, the traumatized child, has unconsciously encouraged. Obama's super-intel, like Trump's and all others, fully espouses the rule of law. And the need for America to re-embrace its moral compass is the most significant story of the election of 2016. Don't forget to Like Freedom Outpost on Facebook , Google Plus , & Twitter . You can also get Freedom Outpost delivered to your Amazon Kindle device here . shares

ARTICLE

Earlier this year, it was reported that the Clintons have been involved in selling Uranium ore to the Russians for millions of dollars , which later was sold to Iran , and part of that discovery was tied to the imprisonment of Dwight and Steve Hammond, two ranchers from Oregon who were accused of terrorism , even though they only were doing what the Bureau of Land Management has been doing without consequence . Now, GOP presidential candidate Donald Trump is making the Clintons' dealings with the Russians over Uranium a big issue heading into next week's election. It's also renewing interest in documents the were discovered earlier this year when Ammon Bundy and several other patriots occupied the Malheur Wildlife Reserve in Oregon and were subsequently arrested, for which they were recently acquitted on all charges . 
Reporter Pete Santilli , who was at Malheur and had all charges dismissed against him in September said , "Before being arrested I was researching and reporting on the connection between Malheur, Hillary Clinton , and Uranium One. I was arrested the day after I released the [ Hammond Legal Files ] and at that point my investigation was effectively stopped; now that Donald Trump has brought the issue back into the spotlight, I thought we should take another look." 
Deb Jordan reports for Guerilla Media Network: 
The Hammond Legal File, is a 682 page legal history of the Hammond family's decades' long fight over land rights with the BLM and Department of Fish and Wildlife in Harney County, Oregon. Nestled in the pages was a letter that Santilli dubbed, "The Mineral Letter" and has never been seen until now. 
The letter was addressed to Chad Karges, head of "The Department of Fish and Wildlife" whose office is located at the Refuge. While the letter did not reveal a clear connection between Malheur and Uranium One, we did find it revealed that as of 2012 the mineral rights '“ surrounding and inside the property itself, belonged to 2 private investment firms. That information coupled with Uranium One's Facebook post does open the door for possibility. 

The letter is of great interest because just a short time before it was written to Karges, it was being widely reported that Oregon Energy llc [a subsidiary of Uranium One] was poised to start mining for Uranium in Oregon. 
Bob Robertson, the Attorney from Medford Oregon who wrote to Karges in July of 2012, and is also the administrator of Mountain Star Investments LLC, one of the principal mineral rights owners on the refuge, explains in the letter; The joint venture owns a total interest of 22,000 acres of mining reservations around and inside the Refuge including the parcel the Refuge Headquarters sits on. 
IF YOU WOULD LIKE TO HELP SUPPORT PETE SANTILLI & DEB JORDAN PLEASE CLICK 
James M. Lemons is the owner of multiple companies in Texas and also owns the other investment company mentioned in the letter, JM&L Investment LTD. Among his holdings is a company called Fellowship of The Metroplex, a string of bankrupt churches throughout Texas and other Western States. This does not fit the profile of a man who supposedly owns 22,ooo acres of mineral rights, that includes the Malheur Refuge headquarters. 
The problem with Lemons is, he seems to own shell companies that really don't produce anything. One researcher for this article claimed; "This is not uncommon in cases like these, and it is highly probable James M. Lemons is not even a real person." 
Bob Robertson claims in the letter that Mountain Star Investments LLC was a company in 2012, but the information on the web says the company was not formed until 2014. It is listed only as an investment company. 
Since both companies leave much to the imagination, I will leave this section open for updates as obviously more research needs to be done. Is there a connection to Uranium One? That questions yet to be fully answered. 
This gets to the heart of why the Hammond land was at stake in the Oregon fiasco. As I reported in January , the Hammond's Ranch is rich in Uranium and other minerals. In fact, it's worth billions! 
Santilli says that the central government continues to refuse to admit that the BLM's illegal land grab is all about Uranium. 
If this is not enough information to point out the Uranium-rich area of Oregon, then have a look at the BLM's own website where they document the following: 
Uranium on BLM-Administered Lands in OR/WA 
In September 2011, a representative from Oregon Energy, L.L.C. (formally Uranium One), met with local citizens, and county and state officials, to discuss the possibility of opening a uranium oxide ("yellowcake") mine in southern Malheur County in southeastern Oregon. Oregon Energy is interested in developing a 17-Claim parcel of land known as the Aurora Project through an open pit mining method. Besides the mine, there would be a mill for processing. The claim area occupies about 450 acres and is also referred to as the "New U" uranium claims. 
On May 7, 2012, Oregon Energy LLC made a presentation to the BLM outlining its plans for development for the mine. 
The Vale District has agreed to work with Oregon Department of Fish and Wildlife on mitigation for the "New U" uranium claims, which are located in core sage grouse habitat. Although the lands encompassing the claims have been designated core, the area is frequented by rockhounds and hunters, and has a crisscrossing of off-highway vehicle (OHV) roads and other significant land disturbance from the defunct Bretz Mercury Mine, abandoned in the 1960s. 
However, by the fall of 2012 the company said that it was putting its plans for the mine on hold until the uncertainty surrounding sage grouse issues was resolved. 
Yes, the BLM is an illegal, anti-American entity that believes it has an authority superior to the US Constitution , but it has no power at all. It has been established in opposition to the Constitution, and we were warned about these goons long ago by Ron Paul . 
While many have laughed at scoffed at Dr. Paul, he has proven to be right over and over in what he warned us about. When are people going to wake up to the truth? 
The email scandals of Hillary Clinton should be enough to have had her arrested, yet she is still on the ballot. This sale of Uranium to America's enemies is treason. It doesn't get any more in your face than that, but the fact that she is still on the ballot for the highest office in the land speaks volumes to the corruption that is in DC and what the American people tolerate. Don't forget to Like Freedom Outpost on Facebook , Google Plus , & Twitter . You can also get Freedom Outpost delivered to your Amazon Kindle device here . shares

ARTICLE

Email 
As the spotlight begins to focus on Hillary Clinton's deputy adviser Huma Abedin amid Wikileaks' email releases, we've exposed her ties to the Muslim Brotherhood a long time ago . Now a new documentary is elaborating on her ties to the Muslim Brotherhood and the Saudis. 
Trevor Loudon, who helped in the publication of The Betrayal Papers (which you can read here , here , here , here , here , and here ), is now behind a new documentary titled The Enemies Within . 
Loudon began work on the film two years ago. 
Terresa Monroe-Hamilton, in calling on support for the making of the film wrote, "Trevor and I both know how hard the last six years has been on Americans. We are all struggling just to survive. Many of us have done this at a cost to our livelihoods, our families and our own well-being. Trevor has never given it a second thought. He is a warrior and a patriot in every sense of the word and there is not a soul on this earth that I trust more to have my back when the fighting comes. So, it is no small thing that we come to you now and ask that you donate to the movie that Trevor has in production currently which exposes The Enemies Within '“ Communists, Socialists & Progressives in the U.S. Congress." 
"This is no minor feat we are attempting. We need to raise $100,000 to help with production and distribution," she added. "We face many of the same hurdles that Dinesh D'Souza has faced in his battles to expose the truth about Barack Obama and those who surround him." 
WND reports: 
In a six-minute trailer of the documentary made available to WND (see below), former intelligence officers express their concern about Abedin's background , including her position in her family's institute, which was established by the Saudi government and supported by a prominent financial contributor to Osama bin Laden and al-Qaida. 
Abedin has been in headlines since FBI Director James Comey announced Friday that the bureau reopened its investigation of Hillary Clinton's handling of classified information after discovering 650,000 of Abedin's State Department emails on a computer owned by her estranged husband, Anthony Weiner, who is under investigation for allegedly sexting a minor. 
'¦ 
Loudon interviews former CIA operations officer Clare Lopez, who recounts how the Saudi government established the Institute for Muslim Minority Affairs, the IMMA, and put Huma Abedin's father, Syed Zainul Abedin, in charge. 
Huma Abedin served for several years as an assistant editor for the institute's journal, while her father was editor and her mother a co-editor. 
Alongside Huma Abedin on the editorial board also was Abdullah Omar Naseef, the founder of the Rabita Trust , a financial institution founded prior to 9/11 for the explicit purpose of funding Osama bin Laden and al-Qaida. 
"Now, this was   we might recall that U.S. foreign policy flipped on its head, from going after jihad and jihadist like al-Qaida to, in Libya, for example, aiding and abetting known al-Qaida jihadist militias to overthrow a sitting, sovereign government led by Moammar Gadhafi, no choir boy, to be sure, but our ally at the time," said Lopez. 
"All of this happened during the period of time when Clinton was secretary of state and Huma Abedin was at her side, whispering in her ear," she added.

ARTICLE

We live in a brave new world and change is coming whether we like it or not. Economies around the world are being centrally managed, technology is advancing at a rapid pace, and the human population continues to expand by the billions. The next 40 years could see super powers turn to third world countries, while formerly third world countries rise to become global influencers. We're already seeing these effects around the world. 
The time to prepare for these changes is now. Those who refuse to see the future or fail to understand the signs will be relegated to what Wealth Research Group calls the 'perpetual poor.' 
Like all tectonic changes in human history, there will be life altering ramifications for those who can't or won't adapt to new realities'¦No one is sure how this will all play out'¦ what is certain is that you can't afford to bury your head in the sand'¦ Assuming responsibility and taking massive action is the only way to avoid being added to the perpetually poor who won't have jobs, income or assets as this wave shifts the power structure of world finance in the next few years. 
No matter your age '“ whether you are approaching retirement or just entering the workforce '“ the future will be difficult to navigate. Watch the following micro-documentary to understand what's coming and how to position yourself for a global paradigm shift: 
( Watch At Youtube ) 
Article posted with permission from SHTFPlan Don't forget to Like Freedom Outpost on Facebook , Google Plus , & Twitter . You can also get Freedom Outpost delivered to your Amazon Kindle device here . shares

ARTICLE

One of the themes of this election cycle in America is clarity. 
God is showing us what we've become. 
Clearly. 
With each passing political curveball and October surprise, painful and embarrassing clarity abounds. 
We've learned and are continuing to learn a lot about our 'Christian leaders'. 
Same goes for our concepts of freedom, liberty, justice, peace, and security'¦ none of which do we dare understand, much less pursue, in an explicitly biblical manner anymore. 
We have quite thoroughly rejected Christ as King. 
We claim him often as Savior, but have no intent on serving Him as King in practice'¦political practice, legal practice, educational practice, economic practice, or pretty much any other kind of practices. He's our favorite trinket, and little more. 
That's the brutally ugly bottom line being emphasized and highlighted and pointed out again and again by God right now in America. 
The grace God is showing in the provision of this clarity is something that's easy to miss, and easy to want to miss , since said clarity serves as just the sort of detailed, inescapable, and unassailable indictment that we'd prefer didn't exist. 
But it does exist. 
And He's waving it in front of our eyes. 
He's giving us detail upon pathetic detail and revelation after ugly revelation. He's stacking them high and giving us chance after chance after undeserved chance to acknowledge and repent of that which is being made excruciatingly and redundantly plain. 
All we need do is take off our blinders and look at the whole picture plainly presented before us in its crystal clear, wide-open totality as it actually exists, rather than focusing on distractions and little snippets out of context while ignoring the building mountains of truths that deep down we know are fatal to the narratives we prefer over reality. 
If we simply look at the whole picture through the lens of a basic biblical worldview, we'll have no trouble at all seeing why we're circling the drain as a culture (and why we deserve to do so). 
Just look at what we're into: 'Hope and change''¦apart from submission to Christ as King. . 'Making America great again''¦apart from submission to Christ as King. . Supporting public schools'¦even though State-run children's education is inherently anti-Christ, is literally designed to promote an increasingly anti-Christ population, and is based upon an approach to the pursuit of knowledge (aka 'education') lifted directly from the serpent's tongue in Genesis 3. . Preserving Social Security'¦even though the flagrantly socialist/Marxist construct encourages the State to claim yet another role assigned to family and church, thus growing the power of the State and making the masses more dependent upon the State. . Maintaining/expanding a gigantic, globe-spanning military'¦even though we are supposedly broke and are open, proud champions of socialism, Marxism, Satanism, homosexuality, and any number of fundamentally anti-Christ concepts. . Maintaining our imagined 'freedom' and 'liberty' to produce, market, and consume porn'¦even though the God who defines and sustains all true liberty and freedom despises these things and promises to crush those who defend them. . Maintaining our imagined 'right' to murder our own children for convenience (or for no reason at all)'¦even though the God who authored and sustains human life despises child sacrifice and has promised to crush civilizations that embrace it. . Maintaining our imagined 'right' to marry someone of the same gender'¦even though the God who sustains all true rights and defines marriage calls such relationships abominations and routinely destroys cultures that promote them. . Being ever ready to pledge on cue our personal allegiance to the indivisible political power ruling over us, all in the name of a love for America (which has been made into our ruling idol)'¦even though no such pledge would even be considered by an actual American Founding Father. (The mere fact of their Founding Father status confirms that they did not believe in the indivisible political power of the state, and the fact that we now pledge our allegiance to such power on command by reciting an oath written by a Socialist in the 1800s for the purpose of selling American flags to public schools says a whole lot about how profoundly confused and easily manipulated we've become since the time of the Founding Fathers.) . Believing that 'We the People' must submit to the systems placed above us'¦no matter how wildly anti-Christian they become. This has been promoted through a Hitlerian approach to Romans 13 (and other passages from Scripture) as embraced by the vast majority of even the most 'conservative, Bible believing' church leaders in the land. . We must support the 'lesser' of two evils offered to us by the system under which we are told we must live as good Americans'¦no matter how vile, sinister, vulgar, corrupt, and overtly anti-Christ those options may be. (See: Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump.) 
Obviously this is a list that could go on for a while, but we'll pause it here and assume that you get the picture. 
We bring these items to focus again in light of an article recently published entitled Once the hope candidate, Obama in his final days faces a hopeless electorate , wherein The Washington Post noted how we live in an age of hopelessness on many levels as we roll from the Obama era on into the Trump or Clinton follow-up. 
The hopelessness that has been inspired by our approach to law, liberty, truth, justice, economics, politics and everything else has been building for hundreds of years. Contrary to what pagan political prognosticators of the day would have us believe, the current cultural wreckage is not something that can be understood, much less corrected, by pagan, unbelieving means. 
There is and will never be hope for law apart from submission to Christ as King in practice. 
There is and will never be hope for education apart from submission to Christ as King in practice. 
There is and will never be hope for economics apart from submission to Christ as King in practice. 
There is and will never be hope for culture and civilization apart from submission to Christ as King in practice. 
That's how things work in God's creation, America included. 
Until we understand this and repent accordingly, our hopelessness will only deepen and our implosion will only continue. 
May God grace His people with the clarity to see, repent, live, and thrive accordingly in this remarkable time'¦even as an unrepentant American empire crumbles around them. 
Article posted with permission from Fire Breathing Christian Don't forget to Like Freedom Outpost on Facebook , Google Plus , & Twitter . You can also get Freedom Outpost delivered to your Amazon Kindle device here . shares

ARTICLE

Email 
Reading through Hillary and her 'gang' leaked emails, gives us a picture as to how America's foreign policy was run, a policy that nearly wiped out Christians from the Middle East. Looking through Hillary's email shows a gang bent on destroying the Middle East. It was as if a college Muslim Student Association (which Huma Abedin was member) took over the realm of power, not just any power, but the most powerful nation on earth, where all policy was directed by a handful ring of revolutionary students, who thought that the Middle East needed a facelift, and the only method was to start revolutions. The tragic part is that what you will read here is no fantasy or a simple school project, it is a reality that caused global destruction. It is in fact the prelude to World War III. 
Feast your eyes into the secret workings of the Hillary band-of-trouble makers. You will only conclude that Hillary Clinton and her aide, Huma Abedin, should not just be imprisoned, but should face the execution by lethal injection for all the crimes they have committed against humanity. 
Reading through the volume of emails makes the operation easy to comprehend. A handful of opportunists with spy-huma continually flatter Hillary. Huma closely watches her confused buffoon boss and they all feed her daily dosages of unreliable information to form her mind by exerting undue influence. At times Huma even tells Hillary what time to 'take a nap'. Huma even disclosed to another opportunist staffer that their boss is 'Often Confused'. 
Of course, with a confused boss, Abedin had access to Hillary's Secretary of State email address that was not even secure using her email server to read everything coming in and everything going out. All this, regardless that she had no clearance to operate under such capacity. How she collected 650,000 emails does not take a rocket scientist to calculate. 
Abedin worked for Hillary since 1996. 650,000 emails would average at 90 emails per day. Why would any simple aide want to store 20 years worth of secret emails on another computer besides hers, calls for question that what we are dealing with here is more than just an 'aide' but a hijabless spy taking the buffoon on a wild camel ride to create a Muslim Brotherhood revolution. Wrong. This buffoon is not a Hillary's double and is not 'photo shopped' 
It is clear from the volumes of emails we obtained so far from Wikileaks, Huma then becomes the conduit and filter that 'provides or denies access' and dispenses just the right media press needed to form Hillary's worldview on all things 'Middle East'. This information concluded the policy which provoked civil unrest throughout the Muslim world. The team's duty was simply to build walls and fortifications making it hard to reach Clinton while 'Charlie's angels' accomplished what was needed. First, to prove American's are voting for a buffoon is easy. In one example, Huma with undue influence writes Hillary: 
'I understand you are ok making the abu mazen call. Everyone agrees you should make it and they want you to do it today.' 
'Everyone' is the gang. They wanted her to speak to the Palestinian Authority leader Abu Mazen (Mahmoud Abbas). Hillary responds: 'I don't know what I'd say'. Huma would write back 'these are points from him about what to say. And they asked if you would do today.' 
Hillary can'jt seem to survive without Huma, she writes Huma: 'let's go on our trip. I think it's worth it. And we can always add Israel as we did before!' 
Huma: 'Ok great! We'll do ecuador now cause otherwise we lose him. So pinato, mubarak, lobo.' 
Hillary: 'That's fine. How are you doing?' 
Huma: 'Excellent. Yesterday was a madhouse but got a lot accomplished.' 
Huma bossing her buffoon boss, can't seem to have Hillary do a simple task: 'can you hang up the fax line, they will call again and try fax Just pick up phone and hang it up. And leave it hung up.' 
Obedient Hillary: 'I did.' 
Huma: 'Yes but hang up one more time. So they can reestablish the line.' 
Hillary is so stupid 'I thought it was supposed to be off hook to work?' 
When Huma wants things done (like when she wanted favors for the Saudis) Huma would use key names who said that Hillary 'should to do it'. The 'aged Saudi ruler' needed to expedite his travel and Huma comes for the rescue. Huma would tell Hillary: 'Jeff mentioned we are helping expedite visas for [Saudi] delegation.' 
The circle who influenced Hillary most had everything in common regarding political views. Huma, a Muslim, and a couple, of really, the most self-hating Jews money can buy, the Blumenthals, used what Hillary gobbles up most: flattery . Huma even nicknames Hillary 'Fabius' a throwback to Quintus Fabius Maximus a Roman politician around 280 BC who was twice appointed Dictator.'Reminder fabius at 3:30 Take a nap' Huma tells Hillary as if she was mother and Hillary is a crib-ridden child. 
After every speech or interview, this handful, her gang, would chime in 'powerful' 'wonderful' as to fatten the bosses's head. Sidney Blumenthal who had made the greatest impact on Hillary was a senior adviser to Ms. Clinton during her 2008 and then was shut out of the State Department by the White House in 2009 for all his shenanigans. Presidential advisor Sidney Blumenthal, center, departs Capitol Hill after being deposed by House prosecutors Wednesday, Feb. 3, 1999 
But now we know one of the reasons why Hillary wanted a private server. Through the Jewish Blumenthal and even his two sons, Hillary was under constant undue-influence and pressure to trust and believe un-vetted opinions titled as 'facts' from supposedly 'trustworthy' 'secret sources' from 'sources close to governments'. As it turns out, it was all third-hand rumors guised as 'reliable' and 'confidential' which formed the judgments of one of U.S. government's most powerful figures. 
So if the issue at hand was the nation of lets say, Kyrgyzstan, Blumenthal would send Hillary some radio jockey's (Scott Horton) report: 'Scott Horton has just returned from a week in Kyrgyzstan, where he held lengthy private conversations with a range of leaders.' 
What 'range of leaders' was simply bogus. All Blumenthals contacts supposedly had 'inside intel', they are supposedly well connected to all the higher-ups. Despite his untrustworthiness and his opportunism, the Blumenthal's had a lion-share of Hillary leaked emails . They continued their influence over Hillary by even having Max, Sidney's son, one of America's most notorious Israel haters, continually corresponding with Hillary influencing her mind. She loved his unsubstantiated articles and responded very favorably to them. With a private server they can now bash anyone who does not agree. Even Shoebat.com was not immune from reaching Hillary who was interested to later spread all sorts of slander on us. 
Blumenthal's writings was the springboard to Max's anti-Semitic Goliath , comparing Israel to the Nazis, even calling for the expulsion of the Jews from Israel, while comparing the Israel Defense Forces to the SS. Hillary was obliged to respond with favor: 
7/6/2010 '“ 'Pls print 5 copies but w/out heading from Sid.' 8/17/2010 '“ 'Pls congratulate Max for another impressive piece. He's so good.' 
11/18/2010- 'A very smart piece as usual.' 4/7/2011 '“ 'Will Max's piece be published anywhere else? It is powerful and touching.' 12/23/2011 '“ 'Max strikes again!' 1/21/2012 '“ 'Interesting reading.' 9/13/2012 'Your Max is a mitzvah!' 12/7/2012 '“ 'Good stuff. Where is he now?' 
Hillary's favorite reports were Max's, sent to her via his father Sidney, especially one that raised our eyebrow, on tracking 'the dangerous Islamophobist Cabal' revealing Shoebat as one, where Hillary requested the report printed for her read. Reports that attempt to minuscule the whistle blowers as 'whacky' is written by Max who signs his name ' Blumenthal, The Great '. 
'I'm at the post office but Huma has this printed for you' responds Monica Hanley regarding the report on us and the other dangerous 'phobes'. 
Literally, hundreds of missive emails sent to Hillary completely re-brainwashing an already brainwashed buffoon with all sorts of conspiracy theories and untrustworthy information. 
And if Max Blumenthal was 'like father like son', Huma was 'like mother like daughter' and was not much different from the Blumenthals. The true color of Huma was revealed when one major Hillary Clinton Jewish donor, Haim Saban, in one article complimented Hillary (its how you get in) while stating that there needs to be more scrutiny on Muslim immigrants, Abedin, the filter, was not thoroughly pleased, of course, and had to chime in scolding the Jew who had some anti-Muslim immigration ideas: 
'Good interview. Thanks for sharing. But what you are saying about Muslims not consistent with HRC. Are you aware of that?' 
In other words, if you want to get through to Hillary, Huma was the gate-keeper and an 'open sesame' requires that everyone say the magic words about Islam or say something nasty about Israel. 
Including all the anti-Israel reports will take an entire book. Yet when it came to Christians, we find nothing, not even a scant of services. Hillary would not reprimand Philippe Reines on his 'mother teresa' comment calling Christians 'those crazy right'. In an email by Reines sent to Hillary and copied to Huma regarding a Catholic orphanage, an adoption ministry, Secretary of State Hillary Clinton hailed as 'a home she helped open with Mother Teresa' was closed down by red tape, Reines writes Hillary: 
Just FYI on the below, from one of those crazy right 'magazines' '“ notes that the home you referenced in your Prayer Breakfast remarks has since closed. 
There was no reprimand by Hillary to the type of language her advisor used. When it was a Christian publication, it was always dubbed 'crazy right'. 
But perhaps satanism amongst the elites (and after reviewing the emails) is no longer conspiracy theory. The leaks from Colin Powel's phone and Wikileaks match emails from Blumenthal to Hillary: 
'I had lunch yesterday with Philip Bobbitt, who told me he had recently been at the Bohemian Grove and had lunch there with Kissinger and Colin Powell.' 
Even the reputable National Geographic refers to the Bohemian Grove as having some pagan rituals and included the photos. Perhaps all the Free-Masonry theories about starting revolutions which I doubted as 'conspiracy theory' do have merit that what we are dealing with here are satanic elitists who call all truth 'conspiracy theory'. 
There was not one comment revering Christianity or anything Christian. In reality, what difference does it make whether Huma bows to a black stone, like the ancient Jews of the Sinai, who switched from their God Yahweh and bowed to a golden calf, or the elites bowing to Molech or an owl at the Bohemian Grove. It all shows, for one to get ahead, they must first ensure their names are first blotted out from the book of life. Indeed, there is neither Jew nor Gentile, there is only good or evil. 
Vanity of vanities. But here comes the beefy tostada, that every American who votes, need to start paying close attention to. The 'best way to help Israel' is to start a war in Syria was Blumenthal's grand idea. Anyone is welcome to access Wikileaks and see : 
'The best way to help Israel deal with Iran's growing nuclear capability is to help the people of Syria overthrow the regime of Bashar Assad.' 
Finally, every American now can snoop into the elitist thinking, to see how camel dung is made, processed, and fed to American liberal buffoons who hate America's Christianity. Today is the day (just days before the election), we can remind you that 'we told you so'. 
In an email sent by Sidney Blumenthal to Hilary Clinton suggesting that Iran would lose 'its only ally' in the Middle East if the Syrian regime collapses. Our snooping into Hillary's emails allows us to look into the Israeli political debate in 2012, where the decisions made caused an outcome making Iran stronger than ever. And despite the disastrous Syrian civil war with hundreds of thousands dead and millions displaced, Clinton still clung to the formula like Hitler clung to the trains, opting to transfer Jews to the crematoria than reverse course to save his nation. Likewise, Hillary continues on the destructive path. The email on 11/30/2015 reveals everything we need to know about Hillary and her gang's mindset. 
And when it comes to Syria's revolution sparked by the Free Syrian Army who were truly nothing more than Muslim Brotherhood, Islamist Jihadi rebels, who wanted to establish a Sharia driven government, Hillary would obtain the analysis from her henchman and aide, Robert Russo, regarding the makeup of the rebels. And just as the typical Muslims on the streets would do, Hillary instead of relying on CIA reports, obtained Al-Jazeera's false narrative. This even excited Hillary that the FSA 'are not fighting for Islam but they are [only] inspired by it'. The subject title for Hillary would read 'MUST READ ON COMPOSITION OF SYRIAN FSA'. 
The rebels in Syria were painted as 'partial Islamists' who do not believe in imposing Sharia law, but only used Jihad as a means of warfare against Bashar's tyranny. 
Many times Hillary would be in hibernation mode as the gang sent her dosages of mind forming articles from Al-Jazeera clips about how the Muslim world do not really hate the U.S. and that the real problem were strictly the Arab regimes that needed uprooting. Hillary would thank them for the info: 
'Sorry I'm so far behind in responding'“and thanking you'“for forwarding this to us. The last month has been a whirlwind which is not likely to calm down '¦' 
The gang would encourage her with more flattery: 
'You of all people NEVER need to apologize. Truly can't wait until you are out and I can work with you again on issues we both think are so important.' 
The agents were less than crystal clear about anything, blaming innocent scapegoats and creating phony alibis, while mixing truths with lies. Truths like the Bush 'no WMD' in Iraq, which indeed was a faulty conclusion, but that the best way to fight Al-Qaeda is to continue Bush's scandalous legacy, to destroy Iraq while they also destroy Tunisia, Libya and Egypt too '¦ 
So under the guise of 'aiding Israel' they called to 'destroy Syria'. 
Reading these emails reveal just how ugly is the reality we live in, that the best way to remove any secular government in the Muslim world was to install an Islamist one. In an indication of her murderous and psychopathic nature, Buffoon Hillary, also wrote back in December 31, 2012, that it was the 'right thing' to personally threaten Bashar Assad's family with death. Even the New York Times revealed this and began to pick up on more: Blumenthal's memos, often appending a note: 'Useful insight' or 'We should get this around asap.' In an August 2012 memo, Mr. Blumenthal described the new president of Libya, Mohamed Magariaf, as someone who would 'seek a discrete relationship with Israel' and had 'many common friends and associates with the leaders of Israel.' 'If true, this is encouraging,' Mrs. Clinton wrote to Mr. Sullivan. 'Should consider passing to Israelis.' 
Blumenthal would send emails with outlandish subject titles like 'Subject: H[illary]: HIGHLY IMPORTANT! COMPREHENSIVE INTEL REPORT ON LIBYA. AND DRINK 8 GLASSES OF WATER. SID' 
Hillary responds with 'I'm happy to report that'. The key bait given to Hillary to believe these reports and approve them was this style: 
'Speaking on condition of absolute secrecy, a source with access to the Office of the President stated that during late December 2012 Magariaf and Zidan agreed that they must move quickly to deal with these problematic issues before they can address their long term strategy of developing productive diplomatic and business relationships with their neighboring states in North Africa, Western Europe and the United States.' 
Blumenthal wanted business opportunities in Libya and Hillary was the key. The terminology to make Hillary believe was the use of jargon used by phony reports 'confidential' 'absolute secrecy' 'sensitive sources' 'According to a very sensitive source' and 'In the opinion of this sensitive source' 'Extremely sensitive sources' to even 'Sources with direct access to the governments of Libya and Israel, as well as the highest levels of European governments, and Western Intelligence and security services '¦' 
It was all bogus, the type of charade one find in Nigerian scams or DEBKAFile reports that come from supposedly Israeli intelligence where no serious sources are given. 
Buffoon Hillary would get her intel from the conspiracy theorist, Blumenthal, who claimed that Libya's Magariaf has plans and connections to make peace with Israel. The Buffoon had no clue, Magariaf has no links to Israel whatsoever. It was all a hoax, undue influence on a left-wing loon. 
Regarding the Egyptian revolution, the reports were void of the fact that the revolution was in reality a Muslim Brotherhood takeover. In one report Blumenthal even displays a fanciful victory against the Muslim Brotherhood by 'nationalist football hooligans known as the Ultras'. 
It was as if the football hooligans represented the revolution. The key was to finagle the truth, use sophist and complicated jargon as to sound legit, and keep Hillary believing a fantasy, that Egyptians are tired of the tyranny of both, Hosni Mubarak as well as the Muslim Brotherhood, while explaining that is why they are staging a rebellion in Egypt. 
Truth is, the unrest was fomented by Washington and it was clearly a Muslim Brotherhood uprising as we have warned in the initial stages as the outcome was revealed later when it was too late. For example on the faulty labeling of terrorists as 'moderate', in one report to Hillary, Blumenthal writes : 
I have included below a private report from 'Stratfor' that underscores that Syria is attacking the moderate wing of Hamas and the Palestinian accord. 
The simplistic labels worked. Hillary never asked is there a ' moderate wing of Hamas' and a ' moderate wing of Al-Qaeda' and a ' moderate wing of the Nazi party'? Yet nowhere in Strafor's report does it even use such oxymoronic terms. 
And how Hillary was obtaining her influence on everything Middle East came strictly from this un-penetrable little circle. 
'The analysis on events in Egypt ring true to me' Hillary responds to one of her aide henchwomen, Anne-Marie Slaughter. The latter was acting like a college student, all excited about her dissertation as to why Egypt needs a populace control instead of the current structure, objecting why Egyptian heads of state were 'military' rulers and not 'civilians'. 
Slaughter according to her bio : 'From 2009'“2011 she served as director of Policy Planning for the United States Department of State, the first woman to hold that position'. But when the results were disastrous since the real world at times is not explained by just bookworms, like Hillary's Benghazi fiasco, it was Mrs. Slaughter who sends Hillary the ointment, more deception that the rebels in Libya really love America: 
'To have Libyans carrying placards saying 'We are sorry America; this does not represent Islam,' is exactly what we hoped for when we supported the Libyan intervention. Many Libyan bloggers/tweeters have taken the same stance. And to have elected Libyan and Tunisian governments publicly apologizing and denouncing the violence shows a very different face of Islam '” the Tunisian government is a Muslim Brotherhood government '¦' 
In other words, the Muslim Brotherhood was tame. To Hillary and her gang, it was no longer that this cobra spawned Al-Qaeda and Hamas and even those had 'moderates'. It was 'the Muslim Brotherhood loves America' and therefore, Hillary 'loves the Brotherhood'. 
Hillary was completely brainwashed to believe Egypt's Muslim brotherhood will revive as a non-Islamist movement or half-Islamist 'moderate' and will all fix itself as it shifts from being uncontrolled by the military. She responds to one release which said: 
'The last couple of weeks have seen a shift in Egyptian politics. It appeared that the Egyptian President, Mohammed Morsi, exercised his authority over the military establishment, and dismissed Field Marshal Mohammed Tantawi.' 
They just love this word 'shift' as if evil shifts and evolves to the better. The Muslim Brotherhood therefore played an important role in the dream world of Hillary that 'military rule' is no more and now its populace rule as planed by the gang. 
'The analysis on events in Egypt ring true to me' responds Hillary. After all the intel sent to her said: 
'Hosni Mubarak, in this regard, was not a civilian authority: he was a military one, and part of the same structure, which simultaneously occupied the president's office.' 
So when 'ousting all dictators' domino effect began sparking in Tunisia, Huma would send Hillary the praise reports that now she is a prophetess: 
'It was a fallout she herself [Hillary] had warned of just two weeks earlier. In a dramatic speech in Qatar, Clinton warned Arab leaders their regimes would 'sink in the sand' if they did not reform their autocratic governments and create opportunities for their young citizens. Two days after that speech, Tunisia's President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali fled the country after he was overthrown amid massive protests. Inspired, Egyptians began similar protests. Now, the U.S. pondered the potential fall of Hosni Mubarak '” a critical ally who for 30 years served as a linchpin of security in the Middle East '” which would dramatically affect America's entire policy in the region for years to come. 'There were a first few moments of wonderment and then she said, 'We have to dive in,' recalled Cheryl Mills, Clinton's counselor and chief of staff. Bad timing for a tough test '¦' 
One would think that such news was a disaster, but the message from Huma was simple, it was plan in progress. In other words, thus said Hillary and the world moved. Hillary thou art Fabius and now she can nap again. 
And Muslim Brotherhood 'populace control' they got. And what would sound troubling to the normal mind, Huma would send a praise Hillary report . She could not even wait till she signed into Hillary's server. She writes from state.gov to Hillary, giving her the news of the salvation caused by her messiah; riots sparking the Arab Spring starting in Egypt and spreading to Yemen, Libya, Kuwait, Pakistan, Indonesia, Malaysia, Sudan, India and Iran. To the 'gang' it was like watching a fireworks as Huma, the real boss behind the scene gives Hillary full credit: 
I'm giving you credit for inspiring the 'peaceful' protests. 
'Peaceful' in quotes was meant to mean 'nothing peaceful'. Captain chaos did the job. Even when Huma reported to Hillary 'The Muslim Brotherhood, the big winner in the first election since the ousting of President Hosni Mubarak last February', this was 'good news' and all Hillary did was to respond with some romance : 
Have I told you how much I miss you on these trips? Not nearly as much fun [without you]. 
Hillary wanted Huma by her bedside. Huma, of course, with flattery speaks of their adventures together: 
Oh that's so nice to hear!! Its soo hard to not be there. I miss our many adventures. Jeff feltman is beside himself that you emailed him bday greetings'¦.says you are 'incredible'. 
From the rise of the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt, to Al-Nahda's Muslim Brotherhood success in Tunisia , Huma would send the news reports to Hillary as if it was 'mission accomplished'. One cannot find a single line of any worry or comment resembling 'we screwed up'. The Hillary gang would even send their boss images on how beautiful Ramadan was from images and photos on Al-Jazeera, the type of which dazzles Hillary's imaginations. A Palestinian boy in Gaza City plays with fireworks to celebrate the beginning of Ramadan 
It was all progress as usual as if chaos was the goal. It is as if Hillary herself was Muslim or that this retard team of women thought they were about to take control of Islam to revolutionize it as Huma says 'Yay' when the Saudi Monarch stopped the lashing of a woman for driving. 
Evil is always tucked under the good, just as camel-dung is tucked under the non-existing snow of the desert. The outcome was that the Clinton/Obama Administration, this whole time, has been the main sponsor of the growth of terrorism in the Middle East, refugee crisis to destroy Europe, real conspiracies that caused the death of countless Assyrian, Copt, Orthodox and Catholic Christians, and all was done in the name of 'protecting Israel'. 
Yet we were painted by Clinton's media henchmen as 'the conspiracy theorists'? 
US support of Huma's family's dream aiding Saudi Arabia, financially and logistically, backed Syrian Islamist rebels which helped lead the creation of ISIS, a policy led to a war that has dragged in Turkey, the Kurds, Russia, Iraq, Iran, our Gulf allies and too many radical terrorist organizations to count, into the apocalypse, the very quagmire we see today which will lead to World War III. 
It is perhaps an ideal time to reveal the man whom everyone thought was so conspiratorial that he was viewed as Balaam's donkey. Yet it was this donkey, Mummer Gaddafi , who prophetically declared to the Arab Summit that after killing Saddam Hussein, he told Bashar al-Assad 'you will be next'. Watch Bashar Al-Assad smile as if what this donkey said was madness: 
God can speak through a select donkey while the geniuses laughing were the real jack-asses. To Hillary, Huma and the gang, the tribal leaders are 'out' and the Islamist universalists are 'in'. 
It took years before Americans woke up to the ugliest of realities, where much repentance is needed, as to what happened to people, be it Muslim or Christian. Over a quarter million butchered. Lord have mercy. Do not exclusively blame the terrorist for the ISIS attacks on U.S soil. We all reap what we sow. 
Why Israel and the U.S. want the Arab tribal leaders removed is simple to explain. It was either that the Russian influence is weakened or creating chaotic Islamist regimes will finally unite Russia, Europe and the U.S. to unify against the Islamist savage. But this thinking disregards that creating such a Muslim beast brings utter destruction to the Christians and all secular pro-west Muslims living under the devil's rule as we see Turkey's call to be the peace-keepers of Iraq and Syria, in fact, the whole of the Muslim world. 
With Hillary, the gang conspired to subvert the power of the office of Secretary of State to violate UN Charter, International Law and U.S. law committing treason and committing war crimes. 
And while claiming 'love for Israel' or we 'did this for Israel' reality was much different. The gang were acting more like a Muslim Student Union at a college campus. They were feeding Hillary all sorts of mad ideas to raise monies for 'Palestine' while shaming Israel . Hillary would even respond with: 'I am very interested'. Her aide Marie Slaughter dreamt this fanciful idea to have Hillary influence billionaires donate for Palestine: 
'This may be a crazy idea, but as far as we can tell we need ideas. Suppose we launched a 'Pledge for Palestine' campaign that copies Warren Buffet's 'The Giving Pledge' campaign, described below '” he's trying to get 40 billionaires to give away most of their money. I had asked some S/P folks to think about how we might take that campaign global to help change the attitudes of elites in places like Pakistan and Latin America, but perhaps Warren Buffet could be convinced to lend his name '” or perhaps Michael Bloomberg or Danny Abraham (together with a very wealthy Muslim) '“ to a similar Pledge for Palestine campaign. Such a campaign among billionaires/multi-millionaires around the world would reflect a strong vote of confidence in the building of a Palestinian state and could offset the ending of the moratorium for Palestinians (there would also be a certain shaming effect re Israelis, who would be building settlements in the face of a pledge for peace). With even 30 calls to the right people in the Clinton fundraising network it should be possible to generate a substantial enough amount quickly enough to capture the public imagination on the heels of the President's speech and, critically, to serve as an expression of global solidarity with the Palestinians' 
How these women expected 40 billionaires to give up 'most of their money' and wealth in a fundraiser for Palestine is the type of dreams one finds in a fantasy book. Did this gang of women think they are in the era of one thousand and one nights copulating with some Caliph to persuade him to pay all of his kingdom? 
From Egypt, to the Freedom Flotilla in Gaza, Hillary was interested responding with 'please print' 'print' print' and 'print'. 
Print what? How 'this [Turkish supported Flotilla to Gaza] is movement that is going to grow and grow and that is going to be impossible to stop'. A revolution into the heart of Israel coming from the sea from all over the Muslim world was the gang's solution to the Israeli-Palestinian problem. 
How is that good for Israel? So in the name of 'aiding Israel' they 'destroyed the Arabs' and in the name of 'aiding Israel' they were 'destroying Israel'. 
And when in 2009, the Muslim Rashad Hussain, was named deputy associate counsel to President Barack Obama, he tried to break protocol writing Huma directly: 'Hope you are doing well. I'm looking forward to getting started as soon as possible'. Huma then writes to Cheryl Mill knowing that Cheryl was on vacation to deal with this 'I Don't want to bother you on vacation but see below'. Denis McDonough who was copied answers: 'Weird. I will take care of this'. 
Rashad Hussein was not careful and stealth enough to enter the inner circle to promote the OIC (Organization of Islamic Conference), which is also Huma's mother's aspiration to join forces of the Muslim Brotherhood. He was appointed by the government and made comments to the Musim Student Association in 2004 supporting the convicted terrorist fundraiser Sami al-Arian. A direct contact with Rashad who was toxic could compromise everything. 
Yet Hillary still consulted Rashad via Jacob Sullivan. Rashad was not told that it was Hillary who wanted the advise. She had asked ' Does he [Rashad] have any suggestions as to how we handle the Ulema?' 
Ulema is Arabic for Muslim scholars . Rashad did not even know the advice went to Hillary who wanted an education on how to handle the Quran when meeting Muslim scholars: Jake- A few points (including some background) to respond to your friend's question'“ Muslims believe that the Quran is the direct word of God and the final revelation that was sent to correct human changes that were made to the messages sent to previous prophets (Abraham, Moses, Jesus, etc.). They believe that the message sent to these previous prophets [Judaism, Christianity] was essentially Islam, but was changed [by Jews and Christians] because the texts (Bible, Torah, etc.) were not preserved'¦ certain rules of etiquette have developed for handling the Quran: '¦ one should keep the Quran above the waist when handling it and should keep it only in clean places (definitely never in a bathroom) '¦ many scholars would say that unless non-Muslims are handling it for educational purposes, they should avoid handling it all together. In terms of disposing of old Qurans or other documents with God's name, your friend is right '¦ Muslims guard vigilantly against the deification of any person, including the Prophet Muhammad, because they fear that people will begin to worship him (as Christians began to worship Jesus '¦ there have been so many recent instances of desecration in the news that people are not as shocked as they used to be to hear th

ARTICLE

Email 
Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton claimed during a rally Tuesday night that she was in New York City during the 9/11 attacks. The only issue: She wasn't. 
'I know what happened, not far from here at the Pulse nightclub in Orlando,' Clinton said at a rally in Florida. 'I was in New York City on 9/11, as one of the two senators. I will defeat ISIS , I will protect America.' Hillary says she was in New York City on 9/11 (She wasn't) pic.twitter.com/3ppmncpeTI 
'” Charlie Spiering (@charliespiering) November 2, 2016 
But Clinton was in Washington D.C. on 9/11, which is unsurprising, as Congress was in session and she was the sitting senator for New York. In the words of Politico, which wrote about her actions that day: 
She had CNN on as she talked on the phone with her legislative director when the first plane hit. Then the second. By the time she got to the Capitol, the Pentagon had been hit by a third plane. Capitol police were evacuating Senate office buildings. She dialed her daughter, who was in New York. She dialed her husband, who was in Australia. She and other senators received a briefing at the Capitol police station early in the evening. And after 'a day indelibly etched in my mind,' and as nightfall approached, Clinton joined congressional colleagues on the steps of the Capitol, standing next to some of her fiercest political opponents, singing 'God Bless America' with tears in her eyes. 
Clinton did go back to New York, but only the following day. Since all regular air traffic was grounded, she flew on a special FEMA flight to the city with Rep. Charlie Rangel and fellow Sen. Chuck Schumer. 
Article reposted with permission from The Daily Caller  

