ARTICLE

Germán Gorráiz López 
An end to the United States' trade embargo on Cuba, demanded for the 23rd consecutive year by the General Assembly of the United Nations and passed by the overwhelming majority of 191 votes in favor and two abstentions (the United States and Israel), would end an outdated embargo established by Kennedy in 1962, and reinstate free trade and open waters. But the embargo will continue in force because the vote is non-binding. This could mean direct or indirect losses of $110 billion according to the United Nations Development Program, and more than $1 trillion according to the Cuban government. 
Prensa Latina estimated that between May 2012 and April 2013, the Cuban public health system incurred unnecessary expenses of $39 million because it had to acquire vital medicines and equipment from faraway markets. The embargo has lasted for 52 years and runs the risk of becoming interminable with all the side effects that might bring. Even President Obama has identified its resolution as being of utmost importance. US-Cuba Détente 
The decision to free all 75 opponents and independent journalists arrested in 2003 in the 'Black Spring' that was announced at the beginning of July 2010 marked the start of a warming in the previously hostile relationship between the United States and Cuba. In return, in 2010, Obama reinstated Clinton's policies toward Cuba, which had been repealed by George W. Bush in 2003, that reduced restrictions on travel and money sent between the two countries. But Obama has held strong on the necessity of Alan Gross being released for new concessions to be made, including the release of the 'Cuban Five.' 
The story of the 'Cuban Five' starts with Rene Gonzalez, who spent 13 years in prison in the United States for supposedly infiltrating an organization of Cuban exiles in Florida. He was accused of being part of the 'Wasp Network,' which involved more than 40 Cuban intelligence agents and informants in southern Florida. Gonzalez was detained in 1998 and convicted of espionage in 2001 in Miami along with Gerardo Hernández, Ramón Labañino, Antonio Guerrero, and Fernando González. 
Alan Gross, on the other hand, was a contract worker for an USAID 'pro-democracy program' and was detained in Cuba in 2009 for 'the illegal distribution of Internet equipment' and convicted in Cuba in the same year for 'giving sophisticated communication equipment to Jewish Cubans.' Four years after the arrest of Alan Gross, a Jewish-American and presumed spy, who was sentenced in 2011 to 15 years in prison for committing 'actions against the territorial integrity of the state,' we witnessed the beginning of a new, intricate diplomatic undertaking that could result in the trade of Gross for the 'Cuban Five' as a gesture of good will. This would be a necessary step towards ending the outdated U.S. embargo on Cuba and a new era in relations between the U.S. and Cuba. 
The diplomatic maneuvers began when Gross sent a personal letter to President Obama on the fourth anniversary of his arrest in Cuba, in which he expressed his disappointment, saying, 'I fear that my government — the very government I was serving when I began this nightmare — has abandoned me. … I ask that you also take action to secure my release, for my sake and for the sake of my family,' followed by another letter along the same lines sent to the White House by Gross' family. 
These letters were followed a month later by another letter written by a bipartisan group of 66 senators, led by Democrat Patrick Leahy, urging Obama to 'act expeditiously to take whatever steps are in the national interest to obtain his release.' 
Ever since 2009, Obama's administration has both publicly and privately asked for Gross' release, and the situation has turned into the primary obstacle to relaxing the restrictions that the president initiated at the beginning of his presidency. U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry confirmed: 'In the case of Mr. Gross, we've had any number of initiatives and outreaches over the last several years … and we are currently engaged in some discussions regarding that, which I'm not at liberty to go into in any kind of detail.' 
In addition to these official measures, there is word of secret conversations between Arturo López-Levy, a Jewish-Cuban professor at the University of Denver, and the Cuban authorities to negotiate a trade of the 'Cuban Five' for Gross, which would eliminate a significant obstacle in the long road to establish normality between the U.S. and Cuba. Arturo López-Levy created and taught a summer postgraduate class at the Carter Center in Atlanta, Georgia and has direct access to Raul Castro because his cousin, the son of a general of the Cuban Revolutionary Armed Forces, is married to one of Castro's daughters. An End to the Embargo or a New Missile Crisis? 
The measures taken by the Obama administration have followed the lead of the Clinton administration by relaxing communication restrictions, allowing more remittance money to be sent to the island, and initiating a round of conversations about immigration. But they have left the embargo intact and have not substantially changed policies in Washington. At the least, the measures reflect a consensus of a good percentage of U.S. citizens in favor of a change in policy toward the island, encouraged by the Cuban regime's lessening of state control over the economy and permitting some free trade and small enterprise. Nevertheless, the automatic renewal of the trade embargo for another year by the United States and the implementation of regressive measures pushed by anti-Castro lobbyists in Miami (U.S. banks not permitting the Office of Interest of Cuba to use their services and the obstruction of open access to news from Prensa Latina) threaten current international financial and political systems. 
This could mean losses of $50 billion for Cuba and the economic asphyxiation of Castro's regime, even as the Obama administration starts moving slowly towards establishing the foundation for a new doctrine of 'relations between equals' between the U.S. and Cuba. If the discreet conversations between López-Levy and Raul Castro fail, a new disregard for Obama could emerge in Cuba, creating a perfect opportunity for Putin to arrange a new Cuban-Russian military treaty (recalling the secret pact signed in 1960 in Moscow between Raul Castro and Khrushchev). A new radar base could be installed at the abandoned Lourdes military base, perfect for listening comfortably to secret whispers in Washington, and bases could be equipped with Iskander missiles and military planes with nuclear weapons (for example, those fearsome TU-160s known in the West as 'Blackjacks'). We could see the revival of the Kennedy-Khrushchev missile crisis and the subsequent signing of the Nuclear Test Ban Treaty. Related links 
ARTICLE

Alexander Dugin El Pantano va a convertirse en el nuevo nombre de la secta globalista, de los adeptos de la sociedad abierta, de los maníacos del lgbt, del ejército de Soros, de los posthumanistas, etc. Drenar el pantano no es sólo el imperativo categórico norteamericano. Es un desafío global para todos nosotros. Cada pueblo está ahora bajo el poder de su propio pantano. Todos juntos debemos comenzar la lucha contra el pantano ruso, el pantano francés, el pantano alemán y así sucesivamente. Necesitamos purgar nuestras sociedades de la influencia del pantano. Así que en lugar de pelear entre nosotros, vamos a drenarlo juntos. ¡Los drenadores del mundo entero deben estar unidos! 
El otro punto es que el antiamericanismo ha terminado. No porque estuviera equivocado, sino exactamente por lo contrario: porque el pueblo estadounidense inició la revolución precisamente contra ese aspecto de los EEUU que todos odiamos. Ahora, la élite gobernante europea, así como parte de la élite rusa (que todavía es liberal) no puede ser culpada (como antes) de ser demasiado pro-americana. Debe ser culpada de ahora en adelante por ser lo que es: una pandilla corrupta, pervertida y codiciosa de banksters y destructores de culturas, tradiciones e identidades. Así que vamos a drenar el pantano europeo. Basta de Hollande, Merkel, Bruselas. Europa para los europeos. Los Soros y su secta deben ser juzgados públicamente. 
El pantano es a partir de ahora un fenómeno extraterritorial. Exactamente como una red terrorista internacional. El pantano está en todas partes y en ninguna parte. Ayer, el centro del pantano, su núcleo, estaba situado en los EEUU. Hoy, ya no. Es la oportunidad para todos nosotros para que comencemos a cazarlos. El pantano no tiene ya una forma manifiesta y regionalmente fija. Sin embargo, existe y sigue siendo muy, muy poderoso. Pero su carácter anti-nacional ahora es evidente, explícito. El pantano no se esconde ya detrás de Norteamérica. Se ha exiliado. ¿Dónde?, ¿a Canadá?, ¿a Europa?, ¿a ucrania?, A otros planetas donde algunos actores y actrices dopados prometieron emigrar en el caso de la victoria de Trump. Así que ahora es el momento de cumplir la promesa. Parece como el rapto globalista. Ahora son absorbidos en el no-espacio, la u-topia. En la tierra de la utopía liberal, en tierra de nadie. Somos testigos de la desterritorialización del pantano, de la élite globalista, del Gobierno Mundial. ¿Cuál es la estructura del pantano? En primer lugar, es la ideología, el liberalismo. Necesitamos el juicio de Nuremberg sobre el liberalismo: la última ideología política totalitaria de la Modernidad. Cerremos esta página de la historia. Segundo: El pantano es una cultura post-modernista especial. Está basada en la descomposición de cualquier entidad, por la digitalización, el esquizomorfismo obligatorio y así sucesivamente. Drenarlo significa restaurar la unidad apolínea del arte. El arte debe volver al holismo. Tercero: el capitalismo transnacional global. Es el motor material del pantano. Es el crédito y el Sistema de Reserva Federal haciendo cuentas verdes envenenadas. Tenemos que terminar con todo esto y regresar al sector real y al enfoque mercantilista. 
Yo sugeriría redescubrir las ideas de Pitirim Sorokin. Vio la dinámica social de la historia como una cadena de paradigmas sociales: ideacional, idealista y sensata. Ideacional es la dominación absoluta del espíritu sobre la materia, el ascetismo y la subyugación violenta del mundo material a la aspiración espiritual y religiosa. El tipo idealista es equilibrado y basado en la coexistencia armoniosa del espíritu y la materia, donde la parte espiritual es ligeramente dominante pero no exclusiva (como en el tipo ideacional). El tipo sensato de la sociedad es la dominación de la materia sobre el espíritu, del cuerpo sobre el alma. El tipo sensato de la sociedad es el pantano. Y recientemente parecía que "sensato" y "Norteamérica" eran sinónimos. Después de Trump todo es diferente. Ahora lo sensato es global y ex-céntrico. Hay una especie de " translatio Imperii " - a ninguna parte o bien a todas partes. 
Pero Sorokin hizo hincapié en que la naturaleza cíclica de la sociedad sólo exige esta sucesión: ideacional-idealista-sensata. Después de sensata no puede seguir idealista. No hay una posible evolución desde el pantano hasta el semi-pantano. Después del pantano viene el sol. El fuego, el Espíritu. El Espíritu en su forma radical, ideacional. Así que para drenar el pantano necesitamos el fuego solar. El gran incendio. Debe ser en abundancia. 
El pantano y el fuego son dos elementos opuestos distribuidos a través de la tierra. La geopolítica se vuelve ahora vertical. Ambos están en cualquier punto. El significado del lugar ahora es el impulso del proceso de drenaje del pantano. ¿Dónde? Aquí y ahora. El pantano ya no es la hegemonía norteamericana, el presidente de Estados Unidos rechaza tal hegemonía. Así que es la hegemonía " tout court ", la hegemonía como tal, con un vacío puramente post-modernista en el centro. Estados Unidos es el extremo occidental del mundo. Es el espacio de la medianoche. Y allí se alcanza el punto final de la caída. Así que el momento es el del cambio de los polos. Occidente se convierte en Oriente. Putin y Trump en dos rincones opuestos del planeta. En el siglo XX estos dos extremos fueron las formas más radicales de la modernidad: capitalista y comunista. Dos monstruos apocalípticos, Leviatán y Behemoth. Ahora se convierten en dos promesas escatológicas: la Gran Rusia de Putin y Norteamérica en estado de liberación por Trump. El siglo XXI finalmente ha comenzado. 
Así que todo lo que necesitamos ahora es el Fuego. 
ARTICLE

 Peru proposes its own TPP to Russia Peru proposes its own TPP to Russia Monday, 14 November, 2016 - 10:30 
Peruvian President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski said that the TPP project is likely to be revised. At the same time, he stressed that a similar arrangement, but with the participation of Russia and China instead of the United States would be the best opportunity for the countries of this region. 
Despite the fact that the Peruvian citizens have been regularly protesting against the TPP, the Liberal President is not said to have decided to do the will of the people. Rather, after the victory of Donald Trump, who doesn't support this agreement and taking into consideration the White House's statements that the Obama administration would not have time to ratify the TPP, Kuczynski has decided to be the first one in occupying a niche near the other major countries in the region, including the «economic heavyweight»- China. Related links 
ARTICLE

Home » Being an Indian Patriot means Defending India's Economy Being an Indian Patriot means Defending India's Economy Adnan Aboobacker 
The demonetization of the currency notes of five hundred and a thousand rupees could control wide-scale corruption, counterfeit money, illegal tax collectors in insurgent provinces, anti-national money systems, and black money utilized by criminal networks. Government income increases through tax collection. But we also need diverse programs to observe and monitor the black money deposits of big fish in foreign banks and control criminal networks sponsored by alternative money exchanges and banking methods in foreign countries. In addition, there should be strict observation and monitoring of multilevel chain network marketing companies under the corporate umbrella. 
Enemy countries are utilizing international criminal networks to destabilize the Indian economy through printing and circulating large amounts of counterfeits across borders and transporting counterfeits by air and sea through improper channels and criminal organizations. But they are using religions like Islam and Islamic symbols for their tasks. Real Muslims don't help the criminal networks to propagate terrorism in india. 
Controlling the criminal networks throughout India by specially trained forces is the best option for strengthening the Indian economy. The digitalization of data and wealth under the American imperialists and the trade and investment bonds connected to foreign share markets can badly affect the Indian economy when a sudden crisis occurs. India should change its economic policy from a liberal and globalist point of view and seek another alternative, an independent Indian economic policy which can help India develop and become a superpower with a sustainable economy. 
Traditional forms of transactions made in certain sections of Indian ethical society should be protected through strict monitoring. Opportunities should be opened for Muslim communities to operate with real Islamic banking under government control which can invite large amounts of investments from Muslims who fear mortgage-based banking programs that are not suitable for them. This fear factor is utilized by criminal networks, black marketers, anti-nationals, and other enemies who wish to destroy the Indian economy. The economic ideology of different political parties in India is different, so the liberal, globalist, digital economic code may not be received by all communities in India. 
Digital banking robbery conducted by international criminals world wide poses a real threat. Strict monitoring by the government and new alternatives are very urgent in this moment. The weakness of the Indian opposition is celebrated by the Indian right wing and invites Indians to embrace patriotism. Indians wish to become independent from foreign economic interventions. Economic emergencies are also a test for Indian citizens on the right. Related links 
ARTICLE

Home » Obama in Greece: The last flight of the lame duck Obama in Greece: The last flight of the lame duck 15.11.2016 
Barack Obama begins his last tour as US president on November 15th. He plans to visit Greece, Germany, and Peru. The first place that President Obama is going to visit will be Athens. Common mockery 
According to the official statements of the White House, Obama is going to announce support for the "ongoing efforts to stabilize the Greek economy", as well as to appreciate the "hospitality of the Greek government and people extended to the refugees and migrants". Both statements may be considered an inappropriate joke: the Greek economy is still in very critical condition, and the country is facing a migration crisis leading to a humanitarian and demographic catastrophe. The Democrat's requests 
Moreover, Barack Obama is going to demand that the Greek government support the anti-Russian sanctions on the ballot in the EU in December, as well as ban Russian warships from entering Greek ports. In addition, Obama is going to demand that Greece remove its veto on Macedonia's entry into NATO. National interests against neoliberal delusion 
All of Obama's demands for Athens are a classic example of the pressure exerted on national governments by globalists. Neoliberals demand the renunciation of individual countries' own interests in favor of a "common good". However, the reality is that following this course leads to ruin, degradation, and sometimes the total destruction of states. Related links
ARTICLE

 Iran: 12 top officials arrested for spying Iran: 12 top officials arrested for spying Friday, 18 November, 2016 - 16:00 
MP Hussein Ali Haji Degana said at least 12 officials, occupying high positions, were arrested on suspicion of spying, while, almost all of them participated in the signing of a nuclear agreement in 2015. 
Moreover, most of the detainees have dual citizenship. Thus there are citizens of the United Kingdom and Canada. But it is not yet known, if there are some US citizens among them or not. 
During recent times, there is evidence that Washington is going to avoid this agreement, that's why Tehran continues to express its protest. Hussein Ali Haji Degana said that the White House would have to pay dearly for the termination of this transaction. 
In addition, one of the candidates for the next US Secretary of State, John Bolton, has called today for a "color revolution" in Iran. 
He said: «The only longterm solution is regime change in Tehran. The ayatollahs are the principal threat to international peace and security and the Middle East». 
Bolton added that Washington had to support and fund the opposition. 
Earlier, Iran has officially confirmed the presence of the IRGC intelligence personnel in the US and Europe. This fact also shows that Tehran has no confidence in Western countries and the unreliability of agreements signed with them. Related links
ARTICLE

Andrew Korybko 
There's a lot of talk in the Balkans about what sort of a leader Trump will be and how his foreign policy will impact on the region. Although he was only just elected last week and still has over two months to go before officially coming to power, it's already possible to make some predictions in attempting to answer those questions. Greeks In Government 
The strongest indication yet about what Trump's Balkan policy may look like comes from the appointment of Reince Priebus as his Chief of Staff. This prestigious and high-profile position will be occupied by a Greek Orthodox believer who was born to a Greek mother, so it can confidently be inferred that he has a strong sense of Greek identity which obviously plays to the Republic of Macedonia's disadvantage vis-à-vis the name issue and other matters of mutual discord. The second factor playing in Greece's favor is the fact that Stephen K. Bannon was appointed at the same time as Trump's Chief Strategist. This is important because Bannon used to run the wildly successful alternative media outlet Breitbart just prior to taking on his mid-summer responsibilities as the CEO of Trump's campaign. One of the most popular writers on the site is Milo Yiannopoulos, an outspoken homosexual of Greek descent and someone who is not at all expected to be friendly to Macedonia or its culture of conservative values. Given Breitbart's closeness to the Trump Administration, writers such as Milo might exert a disproportionate influence on the President's policy formulation. Soros And Macedonia 
Neither Priebus, Bannon, nor Yiannopoulos are good for Macedonia, but on the other hand, the Trump team's antipathy to Color Revolution financier George Soros is well known and could play to the country's advantage. It's too early to tell, but with Soros practically declaring war on Trump and reorienting his focus towards the US and away from other parts of the world (at least for now), there's a chance that the NGO-driven Color Revolution tumult of approximately the last two years might finally be over for some time. It's also possible that Trump and his 'deep state' (the military, intelligence, and diplomatic bureaucracies) might even defeat Soros and remove him from power, thus rendering his networks null and void for some time. 
In such a case, this wouldn't necessarily mean the end of NGO-driven Hybrid War , but just that someone else might be tasked by the administration to replace him and take over his worldwide network. The visible change that this could produce would be that the message that future 'Soros'-connected organizations propagate in trying to gain more regime change recruits could decisively shift from the 'far left' to the 'far right', especially if Trump's CIA realizes that it's a lot more effective to use this sort of narrative in exploiting the palpable zeitgeist than stubbornly sticking with a discredited and proven failure from the past. It's still too early to tell if this will happen or not, but the scenario isn't improbable and should at the very least be countenanced by all Macedonians seeking to predict the course of American policy towards their country. 
If one accounts for the influence that Greeks will have on the Trump Presidency and acknowledge that Soros might very well end up on the losing side in his War on Trump, then it's possible to forecast that the new American leader probably won't budge on the name issue, yet won't be as predisposed to resort to the same type of asymmetrical aggressions against Macedonia as his predecessor did. In short, Trump would be more reasonable than Obama, though he would still lean towards Greece if forced to choose. This is very relevant in terms of the bigger Balkan picture because it's likely that the businessman will engage in his trademark deal-making in trying to reach a 'gentleman's agreement' with Russia over establishing spheres of influence, and there's no way that the Balkans would be left out of this proposal. Spheres Of Influence The Greek Headquarters: 
The US will never peacefully cede its prevailing influence over any of the NATO states, so nobody should get their hopes up that this will happen under Trump. Greece will probably be the center point of the new administration's Balkan policy due to its energy significance with Balkan Stream, the Trans-Adriatic Pipeline, and the future potential that it has for transiting Israeli gas from the Eastern Mediterranean Leviathan field to the EU. Moreover, Greece is regularly at odds with Turkey due to the latter's aggressive airspace violations in the eastern Aegean Sea, and the fierce opposition that all Greeks have to Turkish President Erdogan means that the country could become a useful base for covert destabilization operations against the multipolar-leaning leader who just barely survived a recent US coup against him. The 'Coastal Balkans' vs The 'Balkan Bubble': 
As for the rest of the Balkans, it was already expressed that the US will never 'hand over' any of the NATO states to Russia, so this essentially leaves just the non-NATO states as potentially falling under any prospective spheres of influence agreement with Russia. Therefore, only Bosnia, Serbia, and the Republic of Macedonia could conceivably play a part in this proposal. It's not likely that the Croat-Muslim Federation part of Bosnia would agree to their entire country being aligned with Moscow, so it's much more realistic that only Republika Srpska – which already enjoys close political-strategic relations with Russia – would be party to this tacit agreement. Serbia, too, would thus obviously be involved as well, as could the Republic of Macedonia, though the latter might once more find itself on the frontlines of competition seeing as how influential some Greeks are poised to become in the Trump Administration. 
If one looks at it from a structural standpoint, it's clear to see that the 'Coastal Balkans' would predictably come under the US' influence, while Russia only stands to gain footing in the 'Balkan Bubble' of the Central Balkans, though importantly the most pivotal part of the region through which it and China's megaprojects will pass. Balkan Stream could enter the Republic of Macedonia and thenceforth Serbia from Greece, which in this case would still give the US some degree of leverage over the project, but only up until the Greek-Macedonian border. Moreover, the Greek government has shown that it isn't too loyal to anyone and just goes wherever the money is, so even with pro-Greek lobbyists in the Trump Administration, there's no guarantee that Athens will agree to 'cut its nose to spite its face' in interfering with the Russian pipeline just for the sake of satisfying a few members of its American-based diaspora. Money talks, and Balkan Stream will be very profitable for the economically challenged country, so it probably won't disrupt the project and sacrifice the billions of dollars of transit fees that it stands to gain from it. Macedonia In The Middle: 
The Macedonian government, unlike its Greek counterpart, has consistently proven itself to be a reliable partner and does not have a history of waffling between foreign patrons for the sake of pecuniary interests. Whether it's in building strong relations with its existing Western partners or exploring deeper avenues of cooperation with its newer Russian and Chinese ones, nothing negative is really expected to change no matter whose sphere of influence Macedonia ultimately falls under. However, due to the tumultuous regime change attempts of the past couple of years which were sponsored and engineered by the US and a few other Western countries, there's a reasonable chance that Macedonia might responsibly 'hedge its bets' by moving closer to the East in response, especially when bearing in mind that the West has constantly rejected its EU and NATO applications by strongly siding with Greece in the unresolved naming dispute. In fact, by virtue of Macedonia not being in either of these two organizations, it would automatically be more likely to enter into the Russian/multipolar sphere of influence if Trump is able to clinch a related agreement with Putin. Serbia And Republika Srpska: 
As for Serbia, the country's people are overwhelmingly favorable towards Russia in spite of the Vucic government's innate pro-Western orientation and clumsy façade of 'geopolitical balancing'. Nevertheless, once more the 'Balkan Bubble' of non-EU and non-NATO states comes into relevance and thus plays to Russia's favor, increasing the probability that this country will also be 'safely allowed' by the US to embrace Moscow just a little bit more substantially than it is now. That being said, Vucic isn't a trustworthy or reliable partner , so instead of taking advantage of this just like how Macedonia and Republika Srpska will expectedly do by enhancing full-spectrum relations with Russia, the Serbian leader might just blow the opportunity by stubbornly sticking to his 'geopolitical balancing' ruse in making symbolic gestures towards Russia while still deepening his country's substantial partnerships with the West. In this sense, Republika Srpska's President Dodik could be a better representation of the Serbian people's will than the Prime Minister of Serbia proper is, since this subnational leader is more likely to take advantage of being part of any future Russian sphere of influence that Vucic is. Popping The 'Balkan Bubble' 
For as much of a win-win agreement as the enumerated spheres of interest proposal could be, there's a lot that could go wrong in popping Russia's 'Balkan Bubble', not least of which is the fact that it might not even happen at all if Trump isn't able to replace and/or co-opt some of the neoconservatives embedded in the American 'deep state'. Assuming that he's able to do so to a workable extent whereby he's empowered to carry through on his projected spheres of influence plan, then there's always the chance that the US might just backstab Russia by activating the same geostrategic ticking time bombs that have threatened the Balkans for the past couple of years, such as a resumption of civil hostilities in Bosnia and a return to Albanian terrorism against Serbia and Macedonia. 
Worse still, Trump might not even know about these or be able to fully stop them if they're orchestrated by rogue neoconservative elements which were 'cleansed'/'purged' from the 'deep state' and have ordered their loyal international contacts to take revenge by sabotaging the Trump-Putin 'gentleman's agreement' over spheres of influence in Europe. Soros and his sympathizers could also do something similar, especially since the billionaire will probably fall out of favor with the US government during Trump's term and might be motivated to partake in similar geopolitical vengefulness. Of course, Trump might also just be bluffing with Putin and trying to reach an agreement in order to buy time before preparing a 'final strike' against the last vestiges of multipolarity in the continent, but that doesn't seem too probable since he's more of a level-headed and stable businessman than a risky 'deep state' gambler like Obama is. Concluding Thoughts 
Trump has a track record of reaching deals and keeping his word, and given the positive chemistry that he's already displayed towards Putin following their first-ever phone conversation with one another, observers can expect that the President-elect would probably stay true to any future promises that he makes to his Russian counterpart and consequently abide by any 'gentleman's agreement' that he reaches over establishing a stable sphere of influence between them in ushering in a period of New Cold War Détente. While the proposed delineation might suggest that Russia doesn't have anything to gain from the 'Balkan Bubble', such a conclusion would be both naïve and premature, since Moscow does in fact have a lot of geostrategic interests in the Central Balkans which it wants to use as the basis for building full-spectrum and robust partnerships with its members. 
Should the predicted period of Détente last, then there's nothing standing in the way of Russia or any of its forecasted partners reaching these sorts of mutually beneficial partnerships since the US would be disinclined to object to them so long as it keeps its word in respecting the Trump-Putin deal. This can't be fully guaranteed no matter how convincingly it appears that it would last, but it would at the very least provide a valuable window of opportunity for both sides to intensify their relations. What's ultimately most important is that Trump takes the US' eyes off of the Balkans and stops trying to destabilize them like Obama did, since this could buy enough time for China's Balkan Silk Road high-speed rail project to be constructed and thus open up an invigorating multipolar economic corridor between the Central European capital of Budapest and the Mediterranean port of Piraeus by means of the 'Balkan Bubble' states of Serbia and the Republic of Macedonia. 
Russia should by that time have made itself comfortable in the 'Balkan Bubble' and could thus diversify its existing infrastructural and energy investments by expanding them into more of the real-sector economy, building off of the advantages that the Balkan Silk Road will provide in dramatically facilitating the logistical ease of conducting commercial business in the region. It might be optimistic to hope for so early at this point and two months before Trump even formally enters into power, but there's a very real chance that the consummate outsider will indeed shake up the neoconservative-led and Soros-influenced US foreign policy establishment and carry through on his promises to normalize relations with Russia and repair some of the global destabilization wrought by the Obama years. 
This in turn could only work out to the Balkans' benefit, especially if the man who wrote 'The Art Of The Deal' practices what he preached and reaches a monumental one with Putin to decide upon a stable sphere of influence in the region, though there's still a lot that can go wrong to prevent this from happening or sabotage it if it proves to be 'too successful'. 

ARTICLE

Alexandre Douguine 
« Le Marais » c'est le nouveau nom de la secte globaliste, des adeptes de la société ouverte, des pervers LGBT, de l'armée de Soros, des post-humanistes et ainsi de suite. Il est absolument impératif de dessécher le Marais non seulement pour les États-Unis: c'est un défi global pour nous tous. A nos jours, chaque peuple est prisonnier de son propre Marais. Nous, tous ensemble, devons commencer la lutte contre le Marais russe, le Marais français, le Marais allemand etc. Nous avons besoin de purger nos sociétés de l'influence du Marais. Au lieu de nous battre entre nous, desséchons-le ensemble. Assécheurs de Marais du monde entier, unissez-vous ! 
L'autre point c'est que l'anti-américanisme est fini. Non pas parce que c'était faux, mais exactement le contraire : parce que le peuple américain lui-même a commencé la révolution justement contre ce côté des États-Unis que nous avons tous haï. Maintenant l'élite dirigeante européenne, ainsi qu'une partie de l'élite russe (qui est encore libérale), ne peuvent pas être blâmées comme avant pour être trop pro-américaines. Ils doivent désormais être blâmées pour être ce qu'ils sont : une bande corrompue, pervertie, avare de banksters et destructeurs des cultures, des traditions et des identités. Alors, laissez-nous égoutter le Marais européen. Assez avec Hollande, Merkel et Bruxelles ! L'Europe pour les européens. Soros et sa secte doivent être publiquement condamnés ! 
Dorénavant, le Marais est un phénomène extraterritorial, exactement comme un réseau terroriste international. Le Marais est partout et nulle part. Hier, le centre du Marais, son noyau, était situé aux États-Unis, mais plus maintenant. C'est une chance pour nous tous de commencer à les chasser. Le Marais ne se manifeste plus sous une forme fixée au niveau régional. Néanmoins, il existe et a toujours une puissance extrêmement grande. Mais son caractère antinational est maintenant explicitement évident. Le Marais ne peut plus se cacher derrière l'Amérique. Il est parti en exil. Mais où ? Au Canada ? En Europe ? En Ukraine ? Pour d'autres planètes où divers acteurs et actrices dopés promettaient d'émigrer dans le cas de la victoire de Trump ? Maintenant, il est temps pour eux de tenir leur promesse. Tout cela semble être l'ascension des globalistes. Ils sont maintenant absorbés dans un non-lieu, une utopie, dans la terre de l'utopie libérale - un « no man's land ». Nous sommes maintenant témoins de la déterritorialisation du Marais, de l'élite mondialiste et du gouvernement mondial. 
Quelle est la structure du Marais ? 
Premièrement, le Marais est une idéologie - le libéralisme. Nous avons besoin d'un procès de Nuremberg pour le libéralisme, la dernière idéologie politique totalitaire de la Modernité. Fermons cette page d'histoire. 
Deuxièmement, le Marais est une culture spéciale postmoderniste. Elle est basée sur la décomposition de toute entité par digitalisation, schizomorphisme obligatoire, et ainsi de suite. Le drainer signifie de rétablir l'unité de l'art apollinien. L'art doit revenir au holisme. 
Troisièmement, c'est le capitalisme mondial transnational. Ceci est le moteur matériel du Marais. C'est des emprunts et la Réserve fédérale qui imprime des billets verts virulents. Nous devons mettre fin à tout cela et revenir au secteur productif réel et à l'approche mercantiliste. 
Je propose de redécouvrir les idées de Pitirim Sorokin. Il a noté que la dynamique sociale de l'histoire est une chaîne de paradigmes sociaux qu'il appelait idéationnelle, idéaliste, et sensualiste. L'idéation est la domination absolue de l'esprit sur la matière, l'ascétisme et la soumission vigoureuse du monde matériel à l'aspiration spirituelle et religieuse. Le type idéaliste est équilibré et fondé sur la coexistence harmonieuse de l'esprit et de la matière, où la partie spirituelle est légèrement dominante, mais non exclusive (comme dans le type idéationnel). Le type sensualiste de la société est la domination de la matière sur l'esprit, le corps sur l'âme. Le Marais est le type sensualiste de la société. Jusqu'à récemment, il semblait que « sensualiste » et « américain » étaient synonymes. Mais après le triomphe de Trump, tout est différent. Maintenant sensualiste signifie global et excentrique. Il y a une sorte de "translatio imperii" nulle part et partout. 
Sorokin a souligné que la nature cyclique de la société suit l'unique chaîne de succession : de l'idéationnel à l'idéaliste, puis sensualiste. L'idéaliste ne peut pas succéder au sensualiste, comme il est impossible pour le Marais de se retransformer en semi-Marais. Après le Marais vient le Soleil, c'est-à-dire le Feu, l'Esprit - l'Esprit dans sa forme radicale et idéationnelle. Pour dessécher le Marais, nous avons besoin du Feu Solaire, un Grand Feu qui devrait être en abondance. 
Le Marais et le Feu sont deux éléments opposés répartis à travers la terre. La géopolitique devient alors verticale. Les deux peuvent être trouvés à tout endroit. Le sens du lieu maintenant est l'élan du processus de drainage du Marais. Où ? Ici et maintenant. 
Le Marais n'est plus l'hégémonie américaine car le Président de l'Amérique lui-même rejette une telle hégémonie. C'est donc l'hégémonie « tout court », l'hégémonie comme telle avec un vide purement postmoderniste au centre. 
Les Etats-Unis sont l'Extrême Occident du monde. C'est l'espace de Minuit. Et là, le dernier point de la Chute est atteint. Le moment qui se déroule est celui du changement de pôles. L'Occident se transforme en Orient. Poutine et Trump sont dans les deux coins opposés de la planète. Au XXème siècle, ces deux extrêmes étaient incarnés par les formes les plus radicales de la Modernité - le capitalisme et le communisme - deux monstres apocalyptiques - le Léviathan et l'Hippopotame. Maintenant, ils se sont transformés en deux promesses eschatologiques : la Grande Russie de Poutine et l'Amérique qui se libére sous Trump. Le XXIème siècle a enfin commencé. 
Donc tout ce dont nous avons besoin maintenant, c'est le Feu. 

ARTICLE

Home » Ariel Gonzalez - Eurasia, Latin America and Multipolarity Ariel Gonzalez - Eurasia, Latin America and Multipolarity 23.11.2016 
Ariel Gonzalez talks about Eurasia, Latin America and Multipolarity <a href="https://www.youtube-nocookie.com/embed/C6cE2F2b47I?rel=0&amp;wmode=opaque&amp;autohide=1">Embedded video</a> 
ARTICLE

Eliseo Bertolasi 
The European Union which exists now is not a union of nations, but is a union of the elites, and banks, which work only for the economy. It is not a Europe of nations, of course. 
Indeed, there are some movements in Europe that understood this situation, and they have reacted. We can see what happened in Great Britain with Brexit. We know that Europe, even Italy and France, have such parties and movements which are radically against the European Union. 
I'm certain that if Europe will arrange a referendum on staying or leaving the EU, the result would be 'leaving.' It would be the decision of European nations. That's why I believe that even thoughts on such a referendum ('for' or 'against' the EU) are actually forbidden, as they know of our decision, our movement. 
Of course, it is possible to destroy the EU. This would be possible even within the European Union. This must be done not by other countries, but must be our own decision as nations are supported by those movements whose members are called Eurosceptics. People would choose another direction. 
I'm certain that such movements are likely to continue to exist, and I believe that they will be only stronger in the next year, as European nations have realized our destiny and our future. Thus, the elites are actively against this process. 
I believe and I'm certain that we should build relations with Russia. Russia is a country that is situated on the same continent as us. We are all Eurasia. In my opinion, this will be part of such a question. Related links 
ARTICLE

Home » Dear Foreign Friends, Here's Why Trump Won (From A Clevelander) Dear Foreign Friends, Here's Why Trump Won (From A Clevelander) Andrew Korybko 
Hi everybody. As you may know, I'm an American who was born and raised in Cleveland, Ohio, although I made a life decision four years ago to permanently leave the US and move to the Russian Federation. If you're interested in my specific background and what motivated me to take that step, I suggest that you check out the interview that I gave to Serbian-American journalist Stephen Karganovic about this last spring when I visited him in Belgrade. 
I'm addressing you all directly in a form which I never use in my articles, and that's the first-person. I know that so many of you guys are confused and struggling to understand why Trump won, and I totally understand what you're feeling because it's very difficult for any foreigner to truly comprehend what just happened in the US. The best way for me to convey this to you all is to talk on a personal level in the hopes that my delivery will get through to you. I'm not expecting anyone to agree with the points that I make, but just to understand what motivated Trump supporters to get out to the polls and shake up The Establishment. 
Although I don't live in the US anymore, I was born and raised in one of the most quintessential representations of what constitutes modern-day 'average America', and that's Cleveland, Ohio. Despite being nearly halfway across the world, I never lost touch with where I came from and will always remember the formative experiences which shaped my worldview. I still stay in contact with my American family and several close friends so I remain up to date on what's going on 'back home', and as they say, 'you can take someone out of their homeland, but you can't take the homeland out of the person'. 
For better or for worse, I'll always embody certain 'American' characteristics forged from my upbringing in Cleveland, and given that these idiosyncrasies are now representative of the prevailing political zeitgeist in the US as evidenced by Trump's Triumph, I want to share some of them with you all in the hopes that everyone can get a better grasp on the fundamental changes that are taking place in the US today. A man who I call 'Uncle Vinny' once inspiringly advised me when I was younger that 'the difference between genius and crazy is in getting others to understand you', so with that wisdom in mind, here's the best that I can do in trying to help all my foreign friends understand the mentality of the typical Trump supporter. 
So many toxic individuals said that I and tens of millions of other people were 'racists', 'fascists', and 'white supremacists' just because we've been publicly sharing our observations over the past year and a half that Trump's rhetoric and platform represent the desires of many Americans, but we held our ground and doubled down because we knew that we were right and that the American People would ultimately choose Donald J. Trump to be the next President of the United States. 
This is why 'outsiders' such as myself and everyone else who rallied behind Trump are so valuable to the larger conversations taking place because we consistently break through the narrow-minded groupthink of The Establishment and express what's really going on, 'political correctness' be damned. No foreigner can ever fully understand what happened yesterday, not even if they lived in the US for years unless they experienced what the middle class (not the academic-governmental-business class) experienced for their entire lives. 
Michael Moore, who's also a native of the 'Rust Belt' like myself and understands the mentality of the millions of Americans who revolted against The Establishment and historically broke through Hillary's Midwest 'firewall', conveyed the reason why voters in this dilapidated and socio-economically 'backward/forgotten' corner of the US would flock towards Trump in an address which was ironically supposed to be against the future President-elect. Trump supporters, however, decided to turn the most relevant and motivational part of Moore's speech into a YouTube video filled with dramatic images and music, and I strongly suggest that everyone take five minutes out of their day to listen to what he had to say. 
When you live a life surrounded by drugs, poverty, crime, potholes, and hopelessness, the only thing that you feel that you have going for you are the sexual, alcoholic, and musical distractions that The Establishment shoves down everyone's throat each and every day in order to placate the masses by 'making it all better' just for a little bit of ('fun') time. Turn off the TV or go to sleep after the party, and the same problems that people sought to escape from are still there the very next morning and not a damned thing has tangibly changed for the better, except that some people have now found a socially acceptable 'go-to medicine' for dealing with the repulsive reality that they feel they have to put up with each and every day for the rest of their lives. 
A lot of Americans where I'm from don't know what a 'real vacation' is, in that they don't go globetrotting around the world like the Europeans do on what they call their 'holidays'. Many Midwesterners even have a hard time going from one part of the country to another just for fun because it's a huge financial burden for the average Clevelander in our cheap and low-wage economy to gather up the funds necessary to jet set out to costly California just to take in some sunshine, for example. Another thing that most foreigners don't realize is that people from my part of the country don't even have the vacation/holiday days like the rest of the world does. If you're working a low-wage service-sector job or are in a low-level office position, then you might never receive two back-to-back weeks of vacation in your life. If you get married, the best that you can dream for is a honeymoon to Niagara Falls for a week and that's it, just because it's conveniently nearby and not overly expensive. 
We grew up our whole lives hearing from The Establishment and its media shills how 'great' and 'powerful' the US is, how it's the 'best country in the history of the world', yet all that we see around us is socio-economic devastation and we can't imagine how it could ever be any different. So many factories have closed up shop and moved to Mexico, China, and countries that the average American in my part of the US never heard of or can even pronounce, and it's all because of the post-Cold War globalization that started under Bill Clinton and NAFTA. But at the same time, however, we see that there are indeed some people around us who seem to be living a pretty good life but haven't had to do much to achieve it. 

You foreigners might be shocked to hear this, but a lot of Clevelanders can't believe that 'refugees', some minorities, and illegal immigrants are able to live 'high off the hog' as we say just because of the huge amounts of tax-payer-provided government assistance that they receive for not really doing a lot of anything other than being the 'politically correct' category of people that they are. I don't expect people outside of the US to understand this, and even many Americans who don't live in the 'Rust Belt' (and even some who do) will probably find this to be inconceivable, but so many of these types of folks who I just mentioned – and including a lot of whites, too – abuse the 'benefits' system just so that they can get the most amount of free stuff as they can for the absolute least amount of work and effort. 
In the 'politically correct' dystopian society that the 'liberal-progressives' and Cultural Marxists of the Democratic Party have strove to create for decades, the state will house, feed, and pay people just because of their race and class, and while this might have been 'originally intended' to temporarily help those who fell on hard times and couldn't properly help themselves, it has been abused by so many people and turned into a slush fund for paying off loyal leftists who willingly choose to remain indefinitely dependent on The Establishment. These people have made a conscious choice to 'settle for less' than they could ever hope to achieve if they worked hard and stayed focused because 'The American Dream' is out of reach for many of them in this part of the country and they figured out how easy it is to scheme the system and have other Americans subsidize the less-than-ideal lifestyles that they've settled for. 
Remember, I'm not asking you guys to agree with any of what I've written, but I'm just telling you as a 'voice from the inside' about why so many people in Ohio and the 'Rust Belt' support Trump and are drawn to his promises to smash The Establishment that they've spent their whole lives seeing steal from them, neglect them, and unjustly help others who pledge their loyalty to the existing state of affairs. Don't forget that it was people who think the way that I just described who decisively changed the course of American history on Election Day, and they take pride in being 'politically incorrect' and rebelling against the system that they feel has held them down their entire lives. Be it through the abovementioned examples of unfairness and injustice, or through the incessant attempts to dismantle their identity by suppressing and trashing their religious liberties and traditions, people in the 'Rust Belt' have had enough. 
See, that's the thing that foreigners don't realize, and it's that Americans in this part of the country feel that they're living under the boot of a tyrannical and totalitarian ideology which censors their dissent with 'racist', 'fascist', and 'white supremacist' reputation-killing accusations and works 24/7/365 to brainwash them into thinking that they – and not the system – are the problem. Imagine George Orwell's 1984 and you'll have an idea about how a lot people view the ideology of 'political correctness'. It is so pervasive, so controlling, that those who are suffering under it were bound to eventually revolt once the time was ripe. All of these anti-'political correctness' dissidents thought that they were alone and were the 'crazy outlier' amongst their brainwashed compatriots, but then Donald Trump came along and gave them all the signal that this was the historic moment that they had been waiting their entire lives for to finally rebel against this totalitarian ideology. If there was no 'political correctness', then there would never have risen a Donald Trump to save the hard-working blue collar folks of the USA. 
The majority-blue collar inhabitants of the 'Rust Belt' have been voiceless for decades and were seething with rage this whole time. They couldn't speak out against the majority-black crime that ravages their neighborhoods because otherwise they'd be tarred and feathered as 'racists'. They couldn't condemn globalization and the outsourcing of their livelihoods to Mexico, China, and other countries or else they'd be mercilessly attacked as 'fascists'. God forbid these people ever spoke publicly about building a wall with Mexico to stop the tens of millions of illegal immigrants and uncountable tons of deadly narcotics that have flooded the US since NAFTA, since then they'd be called the ultimate insult and accused of being 'white supremacists'. These people thought that they were largely alone with their feelings because the system did such an effective job of self-censoring them and thus separating them from the silent majority of likeminded Americans, but then Donald Trump emerged on the scene and millions of people were finally united via his rallies and social-alternative medias to finally muster up the courage to collectively resist The Establishment and its allied social-pop culture-academic-political elite's intimidation. 
When Election Day came, these dispossessed Americans didn't back down and buy into The Establishment's propaganda that Hillary was going to trounce Trump with an historic landslide but instead went to vote anyhow, knowing that this was the only hope left for them to ever possibly change their inescapably dismal life situations. 
The most intense psychological warfare operation ever conducted against Americans was a complete failure. The Establishment's War on the People sought to convince them that Trump didn't stand a chance to win and that voting for him just showed how 'racist', 'fascist', and 'white supremacist' you were. 'Political correctness', globalization, and the unfettered illegal immigration and unvetted 'refugee' resettlement of millions of people who staunchly refuse to assimilate and integrate into American Society or even speak English is just a fact of life that these 'deplorable' citizens will be forced to put up and deal with until they die (or are killed by some of the 'new arrivals' who flocked into their hometowns). But The Establishment and its social-pop culture-academic-political shills were wrong and Trump supporters knew it because they had finally connected with one another and were convinced that they truly embodied the silent majority, and the frustration, hopelessness, and pain that comes every single day living in a 'politically correct' system is what sent millions of Americans into a rage against the system which was so widespread that it became impossible for Hillary to steal the election. 
The War on the People was waged by Americans, on Americans, and against everything that the silent majority believes that America stands for, which is why it was totally unprecedented in American history. Not even the divide-and-rule Color Revolution tactics that The Establishment dangerously and irresponsibly relied on with the help of George Soros and his 'Black Lives Matter' urban extremists could succeed in intimidating the Trump Movement and compelling them to stop, which testifies to the deep conviction that Trump supporters have in their beliefs and the hope that they have that their candidate of choice will finally free them from the misery that has come to define their lives. 
Dear foreign friends, forget everything that you may have ever thought about the US system, national ideology, and the American People – from here on out, you and 99% of all other non-American observers begin at Day 1 in working to understand the inner nuances of Trump Country and Trump's America. My state of Ohio had the highest honor of being the biggest upset to Hillary Clinton by 9%, something which has shocked The Establishment. We, the people of Ohio, are the heart of Trumpland. He didn't win by a few percentage points like in every other swing state, but by almost double digits. This should be more than enough proof that everything that I, as a born-and-raised Clevelander, am revealing to you about how and why Trump won the 'Rust Belt' and broke through Hillary's firewall. Where I'm from, people don't just have 1 or 2 Trump signs in their yard – they have 5, 10, or 20 of them, especially if they live in the farmland right outside of the city. 
I'm not expecting you to understand everything that I wrote, let alone to agree with it, but I felt obligated to do the best that I can to inform you all about why Trump won and the reasons behind the 'Rust Belt' revolt against The Establishment which handed him the Presidency. For all of what you might think are their personal and ideological faults, Trump supporters feel validated by this election because it proved that the system and all of its shills were lying about Hillary's 'imminent landslide' this entire time. What had been derided for over a year and a half as the 'conspiratorial thinking' of a 'vast right-wing conspiracy' (one with phantasmal and invented links to the Russian secret services) was exposed as a fact – The Establishment was indeed lying this entire time and desperately waged what amounts to the most intense psychological operation against Americans ever conducted in history, and that's the War on the People. Nobody can deny it any longer, the facts are the facts and all the 'official' 'thinkers', pundits, and 'experts' were wrong because they either deliberately refused to recognize the reality that was before their eyes or were complicit in siding with the system out of the self-interested expectation that they'll somehow end up benefiting from its perpetuation. 
Tough times are ahead, and the nation is more divided and polarized than ever before, though this is largely due to the lingering psychological effects of The Establishment's War on the People than anything else. The Second American Revolution was indeed a victory of the American People over The Establishment, but it's now under threat from the Clintonian Counter-Revolution that's broken out in the streets of many pro-Democrat American cities. It's the height of irony that the people who just a few days ago criticized Trump for not pledging to blindly respect the results of the vote are now the ones who don't recognize its outcome and are poised to tear America's inner cities apart just because they couldn't pull off stealing the election of our lifetime. 
I don't think anybody knows how far the rioters will be directed/misled by their Hillary-Soros-neoconservative handlers to go, nor how President-elect Trump will respond to their unrest once he takes office in mid-January, but what I can in fact tell each and every one of you without an inkling of doubt in my mind is that the Trump supporters of the Midwestern 'Rust Belt' who helped hand him his victory in the first place will form the vanguard Second Amendment-wielding citizens leading the Reverse-Color Revolution movement to legally safeguard the 45th President's constitutional legitimacy if things disastrously get out of control. Related links 
ARTICLE

Home » Strikes of the Syrian aircraft on the Al Nusra terrorists Strikes of the Syrian aircraft on the Al Nusra terrorists 23.11.2016 
Strikes Syrian aircraft on Al Nusra terrorists in Mansura, Rashedin, Maarat Artik and to the west of Aleppo <a href="https://www.youtube-nocookie.com/embed/DcNoILouOjI?rel=0&amp;wmode=opaque&amp;autohide=1">Embedded video</a> 
ARTICLE

 Poroshenko arrives to EU for whipping Poroshenko arrives to EU for whipping Thursday, 24 November, 2016 - 16:45 
The EU-Ukraine summit starts. The main topic of this meeting is the discussion of anti-corruption measures, which are necessary for adoption of the visa-free enter for Ukrainians in Europe. Jean-Claude Juncker and Donald Franciszek Tusk are going to participate in this summit. 
EU officials make no secret of the fact that Ukraine is clearly unable to cope with the task to extirpate the corruption. However, Poroshenko is expected to go on about his old, favorite issues. He thinks that the so-called, alleged Russian aggression and the situation in the Donbass, which were discussed yesterday at a meeting of the contact group in Minsk, would rouse the EU interest once again. But the problems and issues formulated by the EU are still waiting for a detailed discussion. 
Meanwhile, at yesterday's meeting in Minsk Kiev refused the "Steinmeier's formula". However, it would not make this summit more productive.
ARTICLE

 U.S. Navy: Personal data of sailors hacked U.S. Navy: Personal data of sailors hacked Thursday, 24 November, 2016 - 11:45 
US Navy reports about the unauthorized access to confidential information, including social security numbers of 134386 current and former sailors. Despite the fact that there is no information about the using of this data, but this event is an extremely serious danger. 
Vice Admiral Robert P. Burke said: «The Navy takes this incident extremely seriously - this is a matter of trust for our sailors». 
The leakage has happened because of hacking the laptop of one of the employees of Hewlett Packard Enterprise Services, working under contract with the US Navy. Related links
