ARTICLE

Get Ready For Civil Unrest: Survey Finds That Most Americans Are Concerned About Election Violence By Michael Snyder, on October 26th, 2016 
Could we see violence no matter who wins on November 8th? Let's hope that it doesn't happen, but as you will see below, anti-Trump violence is already sweeping the nation. If Trump were to actually win the election, that would likely send the radical left into a violent post-election temper tantrum unlike anything that we have ever seen before. Alternatively, there is a tremendous amount of concern on the right that this election could be stolen by Hillary Clinton. And as I showed yesterday, it appears that voting machines in Texas are already switching votes from Donald Trump to Hillary Clinton . If Hillary Clinton wins this election under suspicious circumstances, that also may be enough to set off widespread civil unrest all across the country. 
At this moment there is less than two weeks to go until November 8th, and a brand new survey has found that a majority of Americans are concerned 'about the possibility of violence” on election day… 
A 51% majority of likely voters express at least some concern about the possibility of violence on Election Day; one in five are 'very concerned.” Three of four say they have confidence that the United States will have the peaceful transfer of power that has marked American democracy for more than 200 years, but just 40% say they are 'very confident” about that. 
More than four in 10 of Trump supporters say they won't recognize the legitimacy of Clinton as president, if she prevails, because they say she wouldn't have won fair and square. 
But many on the left are not waiting until after the election to commit acts of violence. On Wednesday, Donald Trump's star on the Walk of Fame was smashed into pieces by a man with a sledgehammer and a pick-ax… 
Donald Trump took a lot of hits today, and not just in the Presidential race. With less than two weeks to go before America decides if the ex- Apprentice host will pull off a surprise victory over Hillary Clinton, Trump's star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame was destroyed early Wednesday morning by a man dressed as a city construction worker and wielding a sledgehammer and pick-ax in what looks to be a Tinseltown first. 
And there were two other instances earlier this year when Donald Trump's star was also vandalized. One came in January, and the other happened in June … 
This is of course not the first time the GOP candidate's star has been attacked or defaced since Trump announced his White House bid in summer 2015. The most extreme measure was a reverse swastika being sprayed on the star at 6801 Hollywood Blvd in late January. In June this summer, a mute sign was painted on Trump's star in a seemingly protest against the antagonistic language and policies some have accused Trump of promoting and reveling in during the campaign. In both cases, Trump's star was quickly cleaned and back as new within a day. 
We have seen anti-Trump violence on the east coast as well. Earlier this month, someone decided to firebomb the Republican Party headquarters in Orange County, North Carolina. On the building next to the headquarters, someone spray-painted 'Nazi Republicans get out of town or else” along with a swastika. 
There have also been other disturbing incidents of anti-Trump violence all over the nation in recent days. A recent Lifezette article put together quite a long list, and the following is just a short excerpt from that piece… 
On Oct. 15 in Bangor, Maine, vandals spray-painted about 20 parked cars outside a Trump rally. Trump supporter Paul Foster, whose van was hit with white paint, told reporters, 'Why can't they do a peaceful protest instead of painting cars, all of this, to make their statement?” 
Around Oct. 3, a couple of Trump supporters were assaulted in Zeitgeist, a San Francisco bar, after they were allegedly refused service for expressing support for Trump, GotNews reports. 'The two Trump supporters were attacked, punched, and chased into the street by 'some thugs' that a barmaid called out from the back.” Lilian Kim of ABC 7 Bay Area tweeted a photo of the men, in which one was wearing a Trump T-shirt and the other was wearing a 'Blue Lives Matter” shirt. 
On Sept. 28 in El Cajon, California, an angry mob at a Black Lives Matter protest beat 21-year-old Trump supporter Feras Jabro for wearing a 'Make America Great Again” baseball cap. The assault was broadcast live using the smartphone app Periscope. 
There is a move to get Trump supporters to wear red on election day, but in many parts of America that might just turn his supporters into easy targets. Let's certainly hope that we don't see the kind of violent confrontations at voting locations that many experts are anticipating. 
Of course there are also many on the right that are fighting mad, and a Hillary Clinton victory under suspicious circumstances may be enough to push them over the edge. 
For example, this week former Congressman Joe Walsh said that he is 'grabbing my musket” if Donald Trump loses the election… 
Former Rep. Joe Walsh appeared to call for armed revolution Wednesday if Donald Trump is not elected president. 
Walsh, a former tea party congressman from Illinois who is now a conservative talk radio host, tweeted, 'On November 8th, I'm voting for Trump. On November 9th, if Trump loses, I'm grabbing my musket. You in?” 
And without a doubt, many ordinary Americans are stocking up on guns and ammunition just in case Hillary Clinton is victorious. The following comes from USA Today … 
'Since the polls are starting to shift quite a bit towards Hillary Clinton, I've been buying a lot more ammunition,” says Rick Darling, 69, an engineer from Harrison Township, in Michigan's Detroit suburbs. In a follow-up phone interview after being surveyed, the Trump supporter said he fears progressives will want to 'declare martial law and take our guns away” after the election. 
Today America is more divided than I have ever seen it before, and the mainstream media is constantly fueling the hatred and the anger that various groups feel toward one another. 
Ironically, Donald Trump has been working very hard to bring America together. In fact, he is solidly on track to win a higher percentage of the black vote than any Republican presidential candidate since 1960 . 
If Hillary Clinton and the Democrats win on November 8th, things will not go well for Hillary Clinton's political enemies. The Clintons used the power of the White House to go after their enemies the first time around, and Hillary is even more angry and more bitter now than she was back then. 
And the radical left is very clear about who their enemies are. This is something that I discussed on national television earlier this month … 
As I write this, it is difficult for me to even imagine how horrible a Hillary Clinton presidency would be. 
But at this point that appears to be the most likely outcome . 
Out of all the candidates that we could have chosen, the American people are about to put the most evil one by far into the White House. 
Perhaps Donald Trump can still pull off a miracle and we can avoid that fate, but time is rapidly slipping away and November 8th will be here before we know it.

ARTICLE

Apostate Evangelicals Are Poised To Become The Deciding Factor In A Hillary Clinton Election Victory   27th, 2016 
If you look at the numbers, there is no way that Hillary Clinton could possibly win the election without the support of a substantial percentage of evangelical Christian voters. In fact, if evangelical Christians stuck together they could pretty much elect whoever they want as president. According to the Pew Research Center, 35 percent of all adults in the United States identify themselves as 'evangelical” or 'born again”, and it has been estimated that there are 94 million evangelical Christian adults in this country. If evangelical Christians acted as a single voting block they could determine the outcome of every single presidential election. Unfortunately, that simply is not going to happen. 
A survey that was recently conducted by LifeWay Research found that only 45 percent of Christian evangelicals plan to vote for Donald Trump and 31 percent of Christian evangelicals plan to vote for Hillary Clinton. 
That same survey discovered that moral issues are becoming increasingly unimportant to evangelical voters… Overall, the economy is the top concern for Americans regardless of religious affiliation (30%). National security (17%) and personal character (17%) also are significant issues. Supreme Court nominees (10%), immigration (5%), religious freedom (2%), and abortion (1%) are less important . 'For churchgoers and those with evangelical beliefs, their pocketbook and personal safety are paramount,” said McConnell. 'Moral issues aren't a priority for many of them.” 
I don't know how in the world abortion could come in at only 1 percent. Even if you add 'Supreme Court nominees” and abortion together, you still only get a total of 11 percent. 
This just shows that evangelicals in America have their priorities way out of order. 
And unfortunately for Donald Trump, he is getting a lot less support from evangelicals than other recent presidential candidates received. According to the New York Times , previous candidates have generally received about 80 percent support from white evangelical voters, but Donald Trump is only getting about 65 to 70 percent support, and his numbers among non-white evangelicals are absolutely dismal. 
If you are an evangelical Christian and you have reservations about Donald Trump, I can respect that. But there will be other names on the ballot and you do not have to vote for Hillary Clinton. As I have said before, a vote for Hillary Clinton is an act of unmitigated wickedness. 
Hillary Clinton has made support for abortion one of the central pillars of her long political career. In fact, I don't know if there is any politician in America that is more associated with abortion than Hillary Clinton. Since Roe v. Wade was decided in 1973, more than 58 million babies have been murdered in the United States, and Hillary Clinton's hands are drenched with their blood. 
If you vote for Hillary Clinton, your hands will be drenched with their blood too. 
Needless to say, I am absolutely horrified that so many prominent evangelical leaders have come out in support of Hillary Clinton during this election season. For example, a group that represents over 6,000 Latino evangelical churches has just announced that they are endorsing Hillary Clinton … 
An organization representing more than 6,000 Latino evangelical churches in the U.S. is endorsing Hillary Clinton over Donald Trump. 
In a statement Thursday, the group OPEN USA says Clinton has proven her willingness to engage in difficult conversations, listen to contrasting opinions and engage faith leaders. 
Meanwhile, 75 evangelical leaders recently signed a petition on Change.org that strongly denounces Donald Trump… 
We, undersigned evangelicals, simply will not tolerate the racial, religious, and gender bigotry that Donald Trump has consistently and deliberately fueled, no matter how else we choose to vote or not to vote. 
One of the truly alarming trends that we have been seeing this election season is the number of prominent women in the evangelical movement that are openly rejecting Donald Trump and embracing Hillary Clinton. The following is a short excerpt from a recent Washington Post article that examined this phenomenon… 
When Jen Hatmaker speaks to stadiums full of Christian women, she regales them with stories about her five children and her garden back in Austin, Tex. — and stays away from politics. But recently she took to Facebook and Instagram to blast Donald J. Trump as a 'national disgrace,” and remind her legions of followers that there are other names on the ballot in November. 
And Christianity Today recently published an editorial from one of the top female evangelical leaders in the entire country in which she publicly endorsed Hillary Clinton. According to Christianity Today, Deborah Fikes is 'the former Permanent Representative to the United Nations for World Evangelical Alliance, which represents a constituency of 650 million with alliance offices in 129 countries.” Fikes says that she stepped down from some of her leadership positions so that she could openly advocate for Clinton … My recent resignations from evangelical leadership positions to endorse Hillary Clinton speaks volumes of how important I believe it is that she is elected in November. The toxic tone and atmosphere that surrounds Mr. Trump and is fueled among his supporters has done irreparable damage to not only our country and the future of the GOP but also to the public witness of evangelicals in America who are seen as some of his biggest supporters. There is no question in my mind or spirit that with the overwhelming challenges the next American president will face, Hillary Clinton is the most qualified person who has ever run for the Oval Office . On the issues of our national security, economic stability, seeing that healthcare reform continues to move forward, and tackling domestic challenges of poverty, inequality, and racism, we need her to be the person occupying this office. 
A lot of these women seem to think that abortion shouldn't be a major issue in this election, but that is like saying that the Holocaust shouldn't have been a major issue in Nazi Germany. 
Look, you don't have to vote for Donald Trump or anyone else to be a good Christian. 
But if you cast a vote for Hillary Clinton, you are casting a vote for the most evil, wicked and corrupt politician that this nation has possibly ever seen, and you are publicly endorsing the sinful positions that she is proud to stand for. 
I know that I have been writing about the election a lot lately , but I feel that it is very important that I do so. Most of the media coverage has focused on Donald Trump , but I feel that this election is far more about Hillary Clinton. The things that her and her husband have done have been well documented, and if the American people willingly choose her they will know exactly what they are doing. 
Unfortunately, not even Christians are standing united against the Clintons. The political divide in the evangelical Christian world has grown so deep that it has even reached Liberty University. The following comes from the Atlantic … 
That's why it was such a big deal when, two weeks ago, a group of Liberty students put out a letter explaining why they're standing against the Republican presidential nominee. Jerry Falwell Jr., who has run the school since his father died in 2007, announced his support for Donald Trump back in January, and he has since spoken on the candidate's behalf in interviews and at events. 'We are Liberty students who are disappointed with President Falwell's endorsement and are tired of being associated with one of the worst presidential candidates in American history,” the students wrote. 'Donald Trump does not represent our values and we want nothing to do with him.” 
Thousands of people signed onto the letter, including, the students said, roughly 2,000 students or alumni with liberty.edu email addresses.Dustin Wahl and Alex Forbes, two of the letter's authors, were featured on MSNBC and CNN. They said they received supportive emails and tweets from Russell Moore, the head of the political arm of the Southern Baptist Convention, and Erick Erickson, the conservative radio-show host. 
And the support for Clinton is particularly strong among young adult evangelicals. When I read the following paragraph on the website of the New York Times , I was absolutely astounded… 
Kate Shellnutt, 30, the online editor of Christianity Today and editor of the CT Women section, said she had observed that 'the millennial generation has a lot less patience for Trump.” Of the 33 influential millennial evangelicals she profiled for a cover story two years ago, she says she can now find only one, Lila Rose, who is pro-Trump, and even she has been publicly critical of him . Several have been using the hashtag #NeverTrump, Ms. Shellnutt said. 
The frightening thing is that this election might be the last chance for evangelical Christians to shape the political direction of this nation, because the truth is that demographics are rapidly shifting, and this includes the demographics of the evangelical community … 
As Robert Jones has expertly documented in his recent book The End of White Christian America , the number of older, conservative, white male evangelicals is shrinking each year. Meanwhile, the number of younger evangelicals of all ethnic backgrounds — whose moral and political views extend far beyond positions on gay marriage and abortion — is on the rise. 
If you follow my work regularly, then you already know that I have very little hope for the future of America. 
But if Hillary Clinton is elected, there will be exactly zero hope. 
If evangelical Christians stood united, they could stop her, but at this point it appears that is not going to happen.

ARTICLE

Archives Michael On Television Will Barack Obama Delay Or Suspend The Election If Hillary Is Forced Out By The New FBI Email Investigation?   October 28th, 2016 
Just when it looked like Hillary Clinton was poised to win the 2016 election , the FBI has thrown a gamechanger into the mix. On Friday, FBI Director James Comey announced that his agency has discovered new emails related to Hillary Clinton's mishandling of classified information that they had not previously seen. According to the Associated Press , the newly discovered emails 'did not come from her private server”, but instead were found when the FBI started going through electronic devices that belonged to top Clinton aide Huma Abedin and her husband Anthony Weiner. The FBI has been looking into messages of a sexual nature that Weiner had exchanged with a 15-year-old girl in North Carolina, and that is why they originally seized those electronic devices. According to the Washington Post , the 'emails were found on a computer used jointly by both Weiner and his wife, top Clinton aide Huma Abedin, according to a person with knowledge of the inquiry”, and according to some reports there may be 'potentially thousands” of emails on the computer that the FBI did not have access to previously. Even though there are less than two weeks to go until election day, this scandal has the potential to possibly force Clinton out of the race, and if that happens could Barack Obama delay or suspend the election until a replacement candidate can be found? 
Let's take this one step at a time. On Friday, financial markets tanked when reports of these new Clinton emails hit the wires. The following comes from CNN … 
After recommending earlier this year that the Department of Justice not press charges against the former secretary of state, Comey said in a letter to eight congressional committee chairmen that investigators are examining newly discovered emails that 'appear to be pertinent” to the email probe. 
'In connection with an unrelated case, the FBI has learned of the existence of emails that appear pertinent to the investigation,” Comey wrote the chairmen. 'I am writing to inform you that the investigative team briefed me on this yesterday, and I agreed that the FBI should take appropriate investigative steps designed to allow investigators to review these emails to determine whether they contain classified information, as well as to assess their importance to our investigation.” 
At this point, we do not know what is contained in these emails. But without a doubt Huma Abedin is Hillary Clinton's closest confidant, and I have always felt that she was Clinton's Achilles heel. Journalist Carl Bernstein (of Watergate fame) is fully convinced that the FBI would have never made this move unless something significant had already been discovered … 
We don't know what this means yet except that it's a real bombshell. And it is unthinkable that the Director of the FBI would take this action lightly, that he would put this letter forth to the Congress of the United States saying there is more information out there about classified e-mails and call it to the attention of congress unless it was something requiring serious investigation. So that's where we are… 
Is it a certainty that we won't learn before the election? I'm not sure it's a certainty we won't learn before the election. 
One thing is, it's possible that Hillary Clinton might want to on her own initiative talk to the FBI and find out what she can, and if she chooses to let the American people know what she thinks or knows is going on. People need to hear from her… 
If the FBI has indeed found something explosive, would they actually charge her with a crime right before the election? 
It is possible, but we also have to remember that government agencies (including the FBI) tend to move very, very slowly. If there are thousands of emails, it is going to take quite a while to sift through them all. And of course Barack Obama has lots of ways that he could influence, delay or even shut down the investigation. 
So those that are counting on this to be the miracle that Donald Trump needs should not count their chickens before they hatch. 
But if Hillary Clinton were to be forced out of the race by this FBI investigation, the Democrats would have to decide on a new candidate, and that would take time. The following is from a U.S. News & World Report article that examined what would happen if one of the candidates was forced out of the race for some reason… 
If Clinton were to fall off the ticket, Democratic National Committee members would gather to vote on a replacement. DNC members acted as superdelegates during this year's primary and overwhelmingly backed Clinton over boat-rocking socialist Sen. Bernie Sanders of Vermont. 
DNC spokesman Mark Paustenbach says there currently are 445 committee members – a number that changes over time and is guided by the group's bylaws, which give membership to specific officeholders and party leaders and hold 200 spots for selection by states, along with an optional 75 slots DNC members can choose to fill. 
But the party rules for replacing a presidential nominee merely specify that a majority of members must be present at a special meeting called by the committee chairman. The meeting would follow procedures set by the DNC Rules and Bylaws Committee and proxy voting would not be allowed. 
It would be extremely challenging to get a majority of the members of the Democratic National Committee together on such short notice. If Clinton were to drop out next week, it would be almost impossible for this to happen before election day. 
In such a scenario, Barack Obama may attempt to invoke his emergency powers . Since the election would not be 'fair” until the Democrats have a new candidate, he could try to delay or suspend the election. There would be a lot of controversy as to whether this is legal or not, but Barack Obama has not let the U.S. Constitution stop him in the past. 
Meanwhile, new poll numbers show that the Trump campaign was already gaining momentum even before this story about the new emails broke. According to a brand new ABC News/Washington Post survey, Donald Trump is now only trailing Hillary Clinton by 4 points after trailing her by as much as 12 points last weekend. 
And CNBC is reporting on a highly advanced artificial intelligence system that accurately predicted the outcomes of the presidential primaries and which is now indicating that Trump will be the winner in November… 
An artificial intelligence system that correctly predicted the last three U.S. presidential elections puts Republican nominee Donald Trump ahead of Democrat rival Hillary Clinton in the race for the White House. 
MogIA was developed by Sanjiv Rai, founder of Indian start-up Genic.ai. It takes in 20 million data points from public platforms including Google, Facebook, Twitter and YouTube in the U.S. and then analyzes the information to create predictions. 
The AI system was created in 2004, so it has been getting smarter all the time. It had already correctly predicted the results of the Democratic and Republican Primaries. 
Without Hillary at the top of the ticket, the odds of a Trump victory would go way, way up. 
So if Hillary is forced out of the race by this investigation, Barack Obama and the Democrats will want to delay or suspend the election for as long as possible if they can. 
At this point there is probably not a high probability that such a scenario will play out, but in this crazy election year we have already seen that just about anything can happen.

ARTICLE

Wilderness Survival Copyright © 2016 The Economic Collapse - May all of you be blessed with good work, health and peace - If you came here looking for hope, you just found it . The materials on this site are for educational purposes only. Please consult a licensed financial professional before making investment decisions.

ARTICLE

A Hillary Clinton Indictment Is Coming By Michael Snyder, on November 3rd, 2016 
Doesn't it seem like most of us are collectively holding our breath as we wait to see what will happen with this election? We are now only a handful of days away from election day and the polls have really tightened up , there are unprecedented concerns about post-election violence , and the Democratic nominee for president could be indicted literally any day now. The American people are going to be absolutely shocked when the FBI finally reveals what they have discovered regarding Hillary Clinton's mishandling of classified materials, corruption at the Clinton Foundation, and other 'stomach churning” matters that normally aren't topics of polite conversation. Without a doubt, a Hillary Clinton indictment is coming. The only question now is when it will happen. 
The moment that FBI Director James Comey sent his letter to Congress, he knew that someone's head was going on the chopping block. If Hillary Clinton does not get indicted, Comey's career is over and there is a very good chance that he will be going to prison instead. There is no way that he would have ever put himself on the line like this if extremely powerful evidence had not already been found against Clinton. 
Because without a doubt, the vultures are circling. Just consider what House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi recently told CNN about Comey… 
…Nancy Pelosi has claimed that FBI Director Comey is 'not in the right job,” following his decision to reopen the investigation into Hillary Clinton's misuse of a private email server. 
'Maybe he's not in the right job,” Pelosi said in an interview with CNN . 
'I think that we have to just get through this election and just see what the casualties are along the way,” she continued, refusing to answer a question on whether she thought the FBI director should resign. 
If it turns out that this investigation into Hillary Clinton's emails was renewed for no good reason, Comey is going to be strung out to dry, and he knows this. 
Fortunately for Comey, there are reports that indicate that the evidence the FBI is compiling in this case is absolutely overwhelming. The following comes from Infowars … 
According to other uncovered emails, Abedin and Clinton both sent and received thousands of classified and top secret documents to personal email accounts including Weiner's unsecured campaign web site which is managed by Democratic political consultants in Washington D.C. 
Weiner maintained little known email accounts that the couple shared on the website anthonyweiner.com. Weiner, a former seven-term Democratic Congressman from New York, primarily used that domain to campaign for Congress and for his failed mayoral bid of New York City. 
At one point, FBI sources said, Abedin and Clinton's classified and top secret State Department documents and emails were stored in Weiner's email on a server shared with a dog grooming service and a western Canadian bicycle shop. 
If you even send a single classified document outside of a secure channel that is a major criminal offense. 
So if there are 'thousands” of these emails as some reports are indicating, that should be enough to lock Hillary Clinton up for the rest of her life. According to investigative journalist Jerome Corsi , what Clinton and her close associates have done is 'an obvious violation of the law”… 
'The rules for handling classified materials is you've got to handle them on secured channels. You can't let them go on an insecure channel,” Corsi said. 'Clearly, sending these emails to Yahoo.com – and we know some of them had classified material because they've been marked classified – is a violation of the law, and it doesn't require intent.” 
He said Clinton and Abedin could have avoided this entire scandal by establishing secure government accounts and not sending any of it to private accounts. 
'This was such an obvious violation of law, and perhaps leading to an espionage case or a treason case, that when presented to Comey, he really had no alternative than to go forward,” Corsi said. 
But this isn't the only investigation that could lead to a Hillary Clinton indictment. According to Fox News Channel's Bret Baier , the FBI investigation into corruption at the Clinton Foundation is also 'likely to lead to an indictment”… 
Two sources with intimate knowledge of the FBI's investigations told Fox News Wednesday that a probe of the Clinton Foundation is likely to lead to an indictment . Fox News's Bret Baier said Wednesday that the FBI probe into a possible pay-to-play scheme between Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton and the Clinton Foundation has been going on for over a year. Sources told the news network that the investigation, which is conducted by the White Collar Crime division of the FBI, is a 'very high priority.” 
One of the anonymous sources told Baier that the amount of evidence now being uncovered is equivalent to 'an avalanche coming in every day.” 
If what these two sources have told Baier is true, then this changes everything. The following is how Real Clear Politics summarized the most important pieces of information from this report… 
1. The Clinton Foundation investigation is far more expansive than anybody has reported so far and has been going on for more than a year. 
2. The laptops of Clinton aides Cherryl Mills and Heather Samuelson have not been destroyed, and agents are currently combing through them. The investigation has interviewed several people twice, and plans to interview some for a third time. 
3. Agents have found emails believed to have originated on Hillary Clinton's secret server on Anthony Weiner's laptop. They say the emails are not duplicates and could potentially be classified in nature. 
4. Sources within the FBI have told Baier that an indictment is 'likely” in the case of pay-for-play at the Clinton Foundation, 'barring some obstruction in some way” from the Justice Department. 
5. FBI sources say with 99% accuracy that Hillary Clinton's server has been hacked by at least five foreign intelligence agencies, and that information have been taken from it. 
It is also being reported that the Department of Justice tried unsuccessfully to stop the investigation into the Clinton Foundation. 
At this point, the struggle between the FBI and the Department of Justice is being described as 'a civil war”. The Department of Justice is obviously extremely pro-Clinton, and meanwhile over at the FBI many agents consider Hillary Clinton to be 'the antichrist personified” … 
The currently serving FBI agent said Clinton is 'the antichrist personified to a large swath of FBI personnel,” and that 'the reason why they're leaking is they're pro-Trump.” 
The agent called the bureau 'Trumplandia”, with some colleagues openly discussing voting for a GOP nominee who has garnered unprecedented condemnation from the party's national security wing and who has pledged to jail Clinton if elected. 
Perhaps if Hillary Clinton had not made it a habit to regularly cuss out Secret Service agents and other law enforcement personnel over the past several decades she would have more friends in the FBI. 
To a certain extent, this is simply a case of the chickens coming home to roost. 
And at this point, even some of Hillary's biggest supporters in the media are turning on her. Just consider what Chris Matthews of CNBC is saying about her… 
'You know what I think? I'm going to be more judgmental than Beth who's a straight reporter. I'll make a judgment. Every time I watch a politician engage in a certain pattern of behavior before they go to the White House, they continue to engage in that pattern afterwards. People don't change because we swear them into the White House. They become that person big-time. And the Clintons were raising money like this hand over hand, hand over fist, back in 1996, using—we called it Motel 6. They were hoarding them in, pulling them in by train loads of contributors and then letting them sit in the Lincoln bedroom for a while and charging them by the hour. You can still vote for Hillary Clinton, but remember, you're getting this as part of the package, because that's been their pattern. ' 
Voting has already begun in most states, and Americans are facing a historic choice. 
If they choose to elect the most wicked politician of this generation despite everything that has been revealed about her, I think that will speak volumes about where we stand as a nation. 
Our leaders in Washington D.C. reflect who we are as a country. If if we willingly send Hillary Clinton to the White House, the truth is that we will fully deserve everything that happens to us afterwards. November 3rd, 2016 | Tags: Clinton , Election , Election 2016 , Hillary Clinton , Hillary Clinton Charged , Hillary Clinton Indicted , Pain , Painful , Stomach , Stomach Churning , Tightened Up | Category: Commentary If Donald Trump Wins, He Will Be 70 Years, 7 Months And 7 Days Old On His First Full Day In Office »

ARTICLE

Archives Michael On Television 22 Reasons Why Starting World War 3 In The Middle East Is A Really Bad Idea By Michael Snyder, on August 27th, 2013 
While most of the country is obsessing over Miley Cyrus , the Obama administration is preparing a military attack against Syria which has the potential of starting World War 3. In fact, it is being reported that cruise missile strikes could begin ' as early as Thursday '. The Obama administration is pledging that the strikes will be 'limited”, but what happens when the Syrians fight back? What happens if they sink a U.S. naval vessel or they have agents start hitting targets inside the United States? Then we would have a full-blown war on our hands. And what happens if the Syrians decide to retaliate by hitting Israel? If Syrian missiles start raining down on Tel Aviv, Israel will be extremely tempted to absolutely flatten Damascus, and they are more than capable of doing precisely that. And of course Hezbollah and Iran are not likely to just sit idly by as their close ally Syria is battered into oblivion. We are looking at a scenario where the entire Middle East could be set aflame, and that might only be just the beginning. Russia and China are sternly warning the U.S. government not to get involved in Syria, and by starting a war with Syria we will do an extraordinary amount of damage to our relationships with those two global superpowers. Could this be the beginning of a chain of events that could eventually lead to a massive global conflict with Russia and China on one side and the United States on the other? Of course it will not happen immediately, but I fear that what is happening now is setting the stage for some really bad things. The following are 22 reasons why starting World War 3 in the Middle East is a really bad idea… 
#1 The American people are overwhelmingly against going to war with Syria… 
Americans strongly oppose U.S. intervention in Syria's civil war and believe Washington should stay out of the conflict even if reports that Syria's government used deadly chemicals to attack civilians are confirmed, a Reuters/Ipsos poll says. 
About 60 percent of Americans surveyed said the United States should not intervene in Syria's civil war, while just 9 percent thought President Barack Obama should act. 
#2 At this point, a war in Syria is even more unpopular with the American people than Congress is . 
#3 The Obama administration has not gotten approval to go to war with Syria from Congress as the U.S. Constitution requires . 
#4 The United States does not have the approval of the United Nations to attack Syria and it is not going to be getting it. 
#5 Syria has said that it will use ' all means available ” to defend itself if the United States attacks. Would that include terror attacks in the United States itself? 
#6 Syrian Foreign Minister Walid Muallem made the following statement on Tuesday … 
'We have two options: either to surrender, or to defend ourselves with the means at our disposal. The second choice is the best: we will defend ourselves” 
#7 Russia has just sent their most advanced anti-ship missiles to Syria. What do you think would happen if images of sinking U.S. naval vessels were to come flashing across our television screens? 
#8 When the United States attacks Syria, there is a very good chance that Syria will attack Israel. Just check out what one Syrian official said recently … 
A member of the Syrian Ba'ath national council Halef al-Muftah, until recently the Syrian propaganda minister's aide, said on Monday that Damascus views Israel as 'behind the aggression and therefore it will come under fire” should Syria be attacked by the United States. 
In an interview for the American radio station Sawa in Arabic, President Bashar Assad's fellow party member said: 'We have strategic weapons and we can retaliate. Essentially, the strategic weapons are aimed at Israel.” 
Al-Muftah stressed that the US's threats will not influence the Syrain regime and added that 'If the US or Israel err through aggression and exploit the chemical issue, the region will go up in endless flames, affecting not only the area's security, but the world's.” 
#9 If Syria attacks Israel, the consequences could be absolutely catastrophic. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu is promising that any attack will be responded to ' forcefully '… 
'We are not a party to this civil war in Syria but if we identify any attempt to attack us we will respond and we will respond forcefully” 
#10 Hezbollah will likely do whatever it can to fight for the survival of the Assad regime. That could include striking targets inside both the United States and Israel. 
#11 Iran's closest ally is Syria. Will Iran sit idly by as their closest ally is removed from the chessboard? 
#12 Starting a war with Syria will cause significant damage to our relationship with Russia. On Tuesday, Deputy Prime Minister Dmitry Rogozin said that the West is acting like a ' monkey with a hand grenade '. 
#13 Starting a war with Syria will cause significant damage to our relationship with China. And what will happen if the Chinese decide to start dumping the massive amount of U.S. debt that it is holding? Interest rates would absolutely skyrocket and we would rapidly be facing a nightmare scenario . 
#14 Dr. Jerome Corsi and Walid Shoebat have compiled some startling evidence that it was actually the Syrian rebels that the U.S. is supporting that were responsible for the chemical weapons attack that is being used as justification to go to war with Syria… 
With the assistance of former PLO member and native Arabic-speaker Walid Shoebat, WND has assembled evidence from various Middle Eastern sources that cast doubt on Obama administration claims the Assad government is responsible for last week's attack. 
You can examine the evidence for yourself right here . 
#15 As Pat Buchanan recently noted, it would have made absolutely no sense for the Assad regime to use chemical weapons on defenseless women and children. The only people who would benefit from such an attack would be the rebels… 
The basic question that needs to be asked about this horrific attack on civilians, which appears to be gas related, is: Cui bono? 
To whose benefit would the use of nerve gas on Syrian women and children redound? Certainly not Assad's, as we can see from the furor and threats against him that the use of gas has produced. 
The sole beneficiary of this apparent use of poison gas against civilians in rebel-held territory appears to be the rebels, who have long sought to have us come in and fight their war. 
#16 If the Saudis really want to topple the Assad regime , they should do it themselves. They should not expect the United States to do their dirty work for them. 
#17 A former commander of U.S. Central Command has said that a U.S. attack on Syria would result in ' a full-throated, very, very serious war '. 
#18 A war in the Middle East will be bad for the financial markets. The Dow was down about 170 points today and concern about war with Syria was the primary reason. 
#19 A war in the Middle East will cause the price of oil to go up. On Tuesday, the price of U.S. oil rose to about $109 a barrel. 
#20 There is no way in the world that the U.S. government should be backing the Syrian rebels. As I discussed a few days ago , the rebels have pledged loyalty to al-Qaeda , they have beheaded numerous Christians and they have massacred entire Christian villages . If the U.S. government helps these lunatics take power in Syria it will be a complete and utter disaster. 
#21 A lot of innocent civilians inside Syria will end up getting killed. Already, a lot of Syrians are expressing concern about what 'foreign intervention” will mean for them and their families… 
'I've always been a supporter of foreign intervention, but now that it seems like a reality, I've been worrying that my family could be hurt or killed,” said one woman, Zaina, who opposes Assad. 'I'm afraid of a military strike now.” 
'The big fear is that they'll make the same mistakes they made in Libya and Iraq,” said Ziyad, a man in his 50s. 'They'll hit civilian targets, and then they'll cry that it was by mistake, but we'll get killed in the thousands.” 
#22 If the U.S. government insists on going to war with Syria without the approval of the American people, the U.S. Congress or the United Nations, we are going to lose a lot of friends and a lot of credibility around the globe. It truly is a sad day when Russia looks like 'the good guys” and we look like 'the bad guys”. 
What good could possibly come out of getting involved in Syria? As I wrote about the other day , the 'rebels” that Obama is backing are rabidly anti-Christian, rabidly anti-Israel and rabidly anti-western. If they take control of Syria, that nation will be far more unstable and far more of a hotbed for terrorism than it is now. 
And the downside of getting involved in Syria is absolutely enormous. Syria, Iran and Hezbollah all have agents inside this country, and if they decide to start blowing stuff up that will wake up the American people to the horror of war really quick. And by attacking Syria, the United States could cause a major regional war to erupt in the Middle East which could eventually lead to World War 3. 
I don't know about you, but I think that starting World War 3 in the Middle East is a really bad idea. 
Let us hope that cooler heads prevail before things spin totally out of control. It Is Illegal To Feed The Homeless In Cities All Over The United States » Boo-urns 
There is no need for a *world* war. Just let them all kill each other; the sooner the world is free from the idiocy that abounds throughout the entire middle east — including Israel — the better off the rest of us will be. 2Gary2 
Does anyone out there see this ending well? 
Michael Rodster 
The US and it's Allies don't care what happens in the Middle East. In fact it's my view that they would prefer absolute chaos and a full blown out war. 
As the mantra in 1992 Elections…”It's all about the economy stupid”. And the same applies here as well. This is all desperation as the US knows what's coming economically. If they can ramp up their Military Industrial Complex it could help boost the economy. That is the primary business the US is in. It's all about war and spying. 
I do hate constantly repeating the man but it's needed here as well. This all played out during the Great Depression except this time all the fiat based currency nations are in the same boat as the US and this time they have nukes 
'Trade wars, Currency wars, World wars”– Gerald Celente Adrian 
On the contrary, a few may benefit…the CEOS and huge shareholders of Halliburton, Ratheon, etc…but the economy would be hurt by threats to oil, decreased stability in the ME, and so on. They don't care about the economy, if they did they would have implemented stark programs to bring millions back to work. Instead, it's been business as usual with downsizing, QE 2,3, 4, and shipping jobs overseas. davidmpark 
No. It won't. Bad Kitty Cat 
Not at all… and I also wonder how many US allies are going to join in! I truely believe there is a strong desire for war! old fart 
As usual they will join in for the first few months then slowly fade away leaving the US stuck with the whole mess. it has happened every time this time we are having a revisit to the crusades,, That mess lasted for 200 years and was never settled it just quieted down for a mutual draw. Hambone 
Short of the second coming, I see no happy endings to this play. cateye 
No good ending. Cataclysm perhaps. I got a bad feeling about this whole thing….like the US is being led like a lamb to slaughter. Colby Williams 
We should just back off of the whole Syrian thing, its not worth it. JustanOguy 
No. tom 
No I don't Michael. Thank you for keeping us informed on many fronts. I share your work everyday in e-mails and on FB. I hope that people are listening to what you are saying MeMadMax 
Ochooma's ego will kill us all… lupa 
There would be plenty of sand for the building trade! or Rebuilding trade! RICHARD 
I think we are on the verge of a economic collapse and a world war. With everything going on in just this country i will be surprise if we make in till the end of Oct. I have said this before. The train is just about to go over the cliff. lavista4u 
Yes. true…I believe its a distraction. September is Illuminati New year and they do some crap during the Month of September like 911… 
What is coming to Americans next month could be 100 times worse than what they would do to Syrians. 
Americans needs to be more prepared and ready than Syrians it seems …It could be a distraction to cause chaos in America. 
They know no one wants war in America and even lame stream is publishing that story and 99% of comments on main stream news sites like CNN is against war…. 
I believe America is their next target not Syria even though they are making it look like its Syria and Iran…. 
Even if this does not turn out this way…Americans need to be prepared for all scenarios….as they are center of all problems created by the cabal. good luck….Make friends and join forces….Unity is Strength…. patricia666 
my mother in-law got Dodge Dart Sedan by working parttime from a home pc. see this website w­w­w.K­E­P­2.c­o­m old fart 
How much was she charging per lay? Sueychop 
When the stuff hits the fan every American should make sure to shoot at least two Russians before they get shot themselves. That way we win. seth datta 
How can this not be a part of/prelude to the End Times? And yet ignorance and apathy are the order of the day for most folk. Tim 
@Richard, I couldn't agree more. I think this October we will have our eyes opened. This train is in full speed. I have been stocking up for the last 2 years on food, ammo and sanitation. The biggest problem I have run into is income and cost of ammo. The ammo price has come down and some sites are catching up (midland and foxtrotgear seem to be the best prices). The ammo shortage hurt the last year, but my income seems like it has dwindled over the last 2 years. Josh 
It has been a rough couple of months. I always check ammoseek and it seems like bulk ammo and foxtrotgear have the best bulk prices. Don't forget sanitation, food and medical. Keep your powder dry. MeMadMax 
If possible, keep a full tank of gas at all times. It seems like things are going faster than what we know. Gay Veteran 
as Gerald Celente says about the economy: when all else fails they take you to war Beanodle 
Oil at above $150.00 per barrel will decimate many economies. Especially it the suppliers demand Gold or a currency other than U.S. dollars for it. 
If Obama starts a foreign war without Congressional approval can he be impeached? Would his impeachment placate Russia and China? Celery Muncher 
Impeachment didn't faze Bill Clinton and it certainly won't faze King Barry the rodeo clown. These people will simply laugh at the impeachment proceedings and there are not enough congressmen with guts to remove the putz from office even if he was impeached. Obama will go on his merry way doing what he pleases because everyone is so scared of being branded a racist that their balls are frozen in their pants…. Gay Veteran 
There is bipartisan agreement on empire abroad and the national security/surveillance state at home obama_drama 
Bingo dood! Arkaden 
'If the President takes us to war without Congressional approval, I will call for his impeachment. The Constitution is clear. And so am I.” -Joe Biden, 2007 
'The President does not have power under the Constitution to unilaterally authorize a military attack in a situation that does not involve stopping an actual or imminent threat to the nation.” -Barack Obama, 2007 
THIS time must be different. Hambone 
It's sad, but those lying, two-faced hypocrites will never be held accountable for their words and actions by a great many of the lemmings in this country. We are truly getting the government we deserve. myrna652 
my mom in law just got Hyundai Sonata Sedan by working at home online… see this page w­w­w.J­A­M­20.c­o­m Adrian 
DOUBLESPEAK! CorrectionSir 
Actually, the president can authorize military action, short of declaring war, if it is in support of allies, treaties or through the request of the UN. That's the way things have been changed and rejiggered. Gay Veteran 
and NONE of those apply in Syria Ralfine 
Attacking a sovereign country is an act of war. And an attacked country has the right to defend itself, i.e. by sinking the attacking fleet. squashpants 
He said that in 2007? Afghanistan started in 2001, and Iraq in 2003. What war was Biden referring to? MeMadMax 
Prolly georgian conflict. GodHelpUs 
Over amount of years U.S. prospered with the highest public debt. Without wars on it's territory and so on.. Economy collapse is inevitable. To hold it over, U.S. needs to seed unstability and war in other countries. To keep ourselves stable country, to keep dollar high value (but without gold – dollar is just a paper). We intentonally made that 'Arabic spring”, changed management of all those countries. Who didn't agree – was murdered (like Kaddafi), who did like Egypt – was changed by our man. Now we expect another wave of economical collapse. We NEED to seed fear and distable east. And it's not Obama! He's just a puppet.. We made hugest and well trained army with the top weapons on other countries money 😀 But It won't last forever… churchill 
o aye pal for sure its diffrent obama changed his bacon for weetabix he goes for a 5 mile run now before thinking about war and fat soldiers not being able to run from their turbo tanks it takes an american soldier at least 2 hours to put his make up on first Elelei Guhring 
Notice how neonics found in many pesticides most manufactured by Bayer/Monsanto and which have killed up to 70% of bee populations around the world are not an imminent threat to the nation, even though this action is considered Terrorism under US law: any action that endangers the food supply IS terrorism. davidmpark 
We accepted our orders for NBC gas masks today. 2 adult sizes; 3 children sizes. Got them online for $6.99 ea/free shipping. 
Also got some extra med kits, potassium iodine, and more food. 
We will get hit. The US will get struck again and no country will cry for us. Could we take on the international community? Only if we use WMD's on them, too. China, Russia, and Iran will retaliate. 
Congress needs to move to stop Obama as this is enough to prove he and his entourage are incapable of ensuring the welfare of the United States. Impeachment needs to be done, arrests need to be made, trials must commence… and sentences if judge and congressional jury find guilty anyone for crimes against this people. 
We must support such actions by Congress, or we will pay the price; not them. ?huh 
Where did you get the masK? Were filters outdated? That is cheap! davidmpark 
They're IDF leftovers bought on Amazon. I also bought the new canisters – assuming the included cans are expired. ?huh 
I looked and the Amazon review show the items are old and may not be useful and attack. Some are as old as 40 years. davidmpark 
If you are worried about gas attacks, you can make a filter for an air conditioning unit. 
First, get all of the supplies you can: a lot of baking soda and wood charcoal (not briquettes), piece of wood, a scale (any kind), a large pot, 2 pillow cases, a plastic or metal box, and duct tape. 
Pour the baking soda into a pot and weigh it. After recording the weight, place on heat source and cook it for a few minutes. Remove and re-weigh, then repeat. When the scale no longer shows change in weight, pour the powder into a pillowcase and make more if necessary to fill to pillowcase about half way or more. This process converts the sodium bicarbonate into sodium carbonate (soda ash, or activated carbon). 
Now pour the charcoal onto the pot and use a piece of wood to crush the charcoal into smaller pieces, about the size of wheat grains. Pour into pillow case and make more if necessary to fill to pillowcase about half way or more. Some dust will fall out – let it. 
Now, drill or cut two holes big enough to snuggly fit the air intake hose of your A/C unit into the plastic or metal box on the shorter sides. Place the bag of soda ash on one side, the bag of charcoal on the other side. Seal with duct tape generously. Now attach the air intake hoses of your A/C unit on the unit with the air entering the charcoal first, and the soda ash second. Duct tape generously on both ends. 
We built this last year when the ash and smoke from local wildfires were choking the air around us. We were supremely comfortable with filtered air. Will it work for chemical weapons? The soda ash is the same ingredient used in gas masks, but I really don't know. Works great for smoke and ash, and chili cook-off's, but I have no real data that it will work for WMD's. Can some experts chime in? Truther 
Two easy reasons to understand: Racial Guilt and Desire for Something for Nothing. There you go. saintmatty 
A very good chance that we will get hit. Major city and who knows where else. Get some food and water together. Might be inside for a few days as chaos occurs in the streets. davidmpark 
One of those times a carbine would be handy… Keywee 
'Why did such a good nation decide to #$%& itself over this bad? We're so much better than this!” I think that as a nation you became complacent, distracted with trivial 'entertainment”. The world banking system got it's claws back into you after all that hard work by the founding fathers to escape it. Hopefully once enough of your own people are affected by the actions of your government you will rediscover your revolutionary roots. Gay Veteran 
'…Congress needs to move to stop Obama….” you assume they disagree with him davidmpark 
I'm hoping they'll do their job for once. Gay Veteran 
we will all be disappointed, because there is NO difference between the 2 parties Ralfine 
All people have the government they deserve. Syrin 
Here's how this could play out. We invade Syria. It's a leaping point to go to war with Iran who has already threatened war with Israel if we invade. Obama will sign the UN Small Arms Treaty, and Russian troops have already been training on US soil for over a year to disarm Americans. I believe they will stage some false flag event in FEMA region 3 which has been urgently stockpiling by 'no later than October 1″ according to all their requests for supplies. (do a search, they are stockpiling a A ton in FEMA region 3) Martial law will be declared enforced by our militarized polive, some Iranian patsy will be blamed, and they will jump from Syria to Iran. Obama had a behind the scenes meeting with the highest level financial people in the US last week. The last time this happened, they took out gold. I think they will use the war and false flag events to perform a simultaneous engineered collapse of the economy because they know we cannot recover from our debt burden hoping the no information GARY voters will blame the evil Syrians for our economic problems. Just like Nazzzi Germany, we become a dictatorship overnight. davidmpark 
Okay, I looked it up about the stockpiling for region 3. That makes good sense to concentrate around there for the sake of the powers in DC. They'd want to make sure they don't have any disruptions in their cocktail parties and lasciviousness. 
They stockpiled around the furherbunker during the battle for Berlin. Makes sense to do that sort of thing when they make unpopular and more blatant illegal actions against their own people. K 
Excellent comment. The idea behind Russian troops was, it would be easier to get them to fire on civilians. I wonder if the puppet masters every gave any thought to the fact, that would cut both ways. K 
E4B spotted in Turkey yesterday. I have never heard of them deploying them outside the Country before. The Check is in the Mail 
Over the top but I understand the concern. It is not like the fools in DC have earned any trust. old fart 
How can that be after all Zero won the Nobel Peace Prize. xander cross 
I blame white men who are profiting of the weapons dealing. Of course, all of you will ignore that fact. Smh Jason Mckenzie 
1st Oct came and went, ya rumour-monger.. K 
Ever since they passed that war on terror resolution in 2001. It seems no President feels they need clearance from anyone. Can this end well? Only if a backdoor agreement has been made with Russia and China. A certain number of missiles fired at certain agreed on targets. In exchange they stick to just stern words. If such an agreement does not exist. Then the first salvo, could easily cause everyone in the area, to bring out their new toys. And that will not end well. A D 
OIL is naturally occurring – GOD created the earth & everything in it. There is enough OIL in the USA, but the eco-nazi's and other idiots will not allow them to drill. Just like AIR now carbon is a threat, so many idiots believe all of the LIES trumped up by elites. davidmpark 
'OIL is naturally occurring…” Yeah, the Abiotic Oil process. We won't ever run out of oil. Ralfine 
Any idea why it's called organic chemistry? Trainwreck Coming Fast 
That will change. It is ALL going to change once the fur begins to fly domestically and abroad. Things that will be different: 
–Even the liberal fools will be begging to drill. But they will not understand that decades of no new refineries means terrifying shortages caused by them. 
–No more discretionary spending on music, entertainment, parties, etc. Sure, it will occur, but a tenth of what is evident now. The boards, extra houses, luxuries, will no longer be part of life. Maybe not so bad. 
–Roving bands of gangs and criminals will be put down by law abiding citizens with guns. People will no longer accept crime. Bring back the death penalty and frontier justice. It is coming. The 'I was disadvantages” growing up will only get a bullet in the head. The nation will no longer be able to afford and tolerate the rape of society. 
–Healthcare will be a disaster. Obama and the Left will blame it on the GOP but that will only work for the hardcore remnant of his supporters. The rest of the nation will marvel at its stupidity for not pushing back sooner. But they will realize the system has been so destroyed that it will take years to bring back what we had. 
–WHERE TO STOP? It is so obvious. Gay Veteran 
at what cost? yeah you can have all the oil you want here at $500 a barrel Ralfine 
And, to get one barrrel you have to spend 5 barrels in energy. Keywee 
Yay! Someone else who actually gets it! A D 
AIR, WATER, OIL you name it, the eco-nuts and elitist will do whatever it takes NOT to let a good crisis go to waste.. quoted from OHBOMA thugs. ResilientNews 
one of my local tv stations had a poll on their website if the u.s. should strike Syria and the results were 100% NO. Bill 
Best poll of many asking the same question shows 25% in favor. Still doesn't show the idiot in chief is listening to we the 'real”people!!! Lennie Pike 
The thugs who control the U.S. are allied with those who control China! Birds of a feather (elite Godless fascists) have joined forces for totalitarian worldwide rule!!!) 
Our industry and gold has been intentionally transferred to China. 
Expect to see Chinese militery in the U.S. – not Russian – if Russia allows it. clemster 
The Russians will never look like the 'good guys”. Tatiana Covington 
It could be that a coup d'etat will be required. 
I hope not. GodHelpUs 
Over amount of years U.S. prospered with the highest public debt. Without wars on it's territory and so on.. Economy collapse is inevitable. To hold it over, U.S. needs to seed unstability and war in other countries. To keep ourselves stable country, to keep dollar high value (but without gold – dollar is just a paper). We intentonally made that 'Arabic spring”, changed management of all those countries. Who didn't agree – was murdered (like Kaddafi), who did like Egypt – was changed by our man. Now we expect another wave of economical collapse. We NEED to seed fear and distable east. And it's not Obama! He's just a puppet.. We made hugest and well trained army with the top weapons on other countries money 😀 But It won't last forever… Bill 
It's ironic that we have a war brewing as the debt limit comes to a head —–again. Big drop in the 10 yr as $ leave the stock market for the 'safety” of bonds. Any guess where the 10 yr will be in 90 days? Tobias Smith

ARTICLE

Archives Michael On Television 10 Things That Every American Should Know About Donald Trump's Plan To Save The U.S. Economy By Michael Snyder, on September 15th, 2016 
Can Donald Trump turn the U.S. economy around? This week Trump unveiled details of his new economic plan, and the mainstream media is having a field day criticizing it . But the truth is that we simply cannot afford to stay on the same path that Barack Obama, Hillary Clinton and the Democrats have us on right now. Millions of jobs are being shipped out of the country , the middle class is dying , poverty is exploding , millions of children in America don't have enough food , and our reckless spending has created the biggest debt bubble in the history of the planet . Something must be done or else we will continue to steamroll toward economic oblivion. So is Donald Trump the man for the hour? 
If you would like to read his full economic plan, you can find it on his official campaign website . His plan starts off by pointing out that this has been the weakest 'economic recovery” since the Great Depression… 
Last week's GDP report showed that the economy grew a mere 1.2% in the second quarter and 1.2% over the last year. It's the weakest recovery since the Great Depression – the predictable consequence of massive taxation, regulation, one-side trade deals and onerous energy restrictions. 
And Trump is exactly right about how weak this economic recovery has been. 
So how would he fix things? 
The following are 10 things that every American should know about Donald Trump's plan to save the U.S. economy… 
#1 Donald Trump would lower taxes on the middle class 
The tax savings under Trump's plan would actually be quite substantial for middle class families. The following numbers come from a recent Charisma article … 
• A married couple earning $50,000 per year with two children and $8,000 in child care expenses will save 35% from their current tax bill. 
• A married couple earning $75,000 per year with two children and $10,000 in child care expenses will receive a 30% reduction in their tax bill. 
• Married couple earning $5 million per year with two children and $12,000 in child care expenses will get only a 3% reduction in their tax bill. 
#2 Donald Trump would lower taxes on businesses 
Under his plan, no business in America would be taxed more than 15 percent. Alternatively, Hillary Clinton's plan would tax some small businesses at a rate of close to 50 percent. So Trump's plan would undoubtedly be good for businesses, and it would encourage many that have left the country to return. 
But where would the lost tax revenue be made up? 
#3 Childcare expenses would be exempt from taxation 
For working families with children this would be a great blessing. Without a doubt this is an effort to win over more working women, and this is a demographic that Trump has been struggling with. 
It is definitely an idea that I support, but once again where will the money come from to pay for this? 
#4 U.S. manufacturers will be allowed to immediately fully expense new plants and equipment 
This would undoubtedly lead to a boom in capital investment, but it would also reduce tax revenue. As an emergency measure this would be very good for encouraging manufacturers to stay in America , but it would also likely increase the budget deficit. 
#5 A temporary freeze on new regulations 
Red tape is one of my big pet peeves, and so I greatly applaud Trump for this proposal. I think that Bob Eschliman put it very well when he wrote the following about Trump's planned freeze on new regulations… 
In 2015 alone, federal agencies issued over 3,300 final rules and regulations, up from 2,400 the prior year. Studies show that small manufacturers face more than three times the burden of the average U.S. business, and the hidden tax from ineffective regulations amounts to 'nearly $15,000 per U.S. household” annually. Excessive regulation is costing our country as much as $2 trillion dollars per year, and Trump will end it. 
#6 All existing regulations would be reviewed and unnecessary regulations would be eliminated 
In particular, Trump's plan would focus on getting rid of regulations that inhibit hiring. The following are some of the specific areas that he identifies on his official campaign website … The Environmental Protection Agency's Clean Power Plan, which forces investment in renewable energy at the expense of coal and natural gas, raising electricity rates; The EPA's Waters of the United States rule, which gives the EPA the ability to regulate the smallest streams on private land, limiting land use; and The Department of Interior's moratorium on coal mining permits, which put tens of thousands of coal miners out of work. 
#7 Donald Trump would fundamentally alter our trade relationships with the rest of the globe 
Donald Trump is the first major party nominee in decades to recognize that our trade deficit is absolutely killing our economy. I write about this all the time , and it is a hot button issue for me. So I definitely applaud Trump for proposing the following … Appoint trade negotiators whose goal will be to win for America: narrowing our trade deficit, increasing domestic production, and getting a fair deal for our workers. Renegotiate NAFTA. Bring trade relief cases to the world trade organization. Label China a currency manipulator. Apply tariffs and duties to countries that cheat. Direct the Commerce Department to use all legal tools to respond to trade violations. 
#8 Donald Trump's plan would be a tremendous boost for the U.S. energy industry 
Barack Obama promised to kill the coal industry, and that is one of the few promises that he has actually kept. Obama also killed the Keystone Pipeline, and right now the energy industry as a whole is enduring their worst stretch since the last recession. To turn things around, Trump would do the following … Rescind all the job-destroying Obama executive actions including the Climate Action Plan and the Waters of the U.S. rule. Save the coal industry and other industries threatened by Hillary Clinton's extremist agenda. Ask Trans Canada to renew its permit application for the Keystone Pipeline. Make land in the Outer Continental Shelf available to produce oil and natural gas. Cancel the Paris Climate Agreement (limit global warming to 2 degrees Celsius) and stop all payments of U.S. tax dollars to U.N. global warming programs. 
#9 Trump would repeal Obamacare 
Trump claims that Obamacare would cost our economy two million jobs over the next ten years. And without a doubt, it has already cost the U.S. economy a lot of jobs . 
Not only that, but Obamacare has also sent health insurance premiums soaring, and this is putting a tremendous amount of financial pressure on many families. 
Trump says that he would 'replace” Obamacare, but that is a rather vague statement. 
What exactly would he replace it with? 
#10 Trump's plan says nothing about the Federal Reserve 
This is a great concern, because the Federal Reserve has far more power over the economy than anyone else does. It is at the very heart of our debt-based system, and unless something is done about the Fed our debt bubble will continue to get even larger. 
Since the Federal Reserve was created in 1913, the value of the U.S. dollar has fallen by more than 96 percent and our national debt has gotten more than 5000 times larger. For Trump to not even mention the Federal Reserve in his economic plan is a tremendous oversight. 
We are in the midst of a long-term economic decline, and things have not gotten better during the Obama years. If you can believe it, a study that was just released by Harvard even acknowledges this … 
America's economic performance peaked in the late 1990s, and erosion in crucial economic indicators such as the rate of economic growth, productivity growth, job growth, and investment began well before the Great Recession. 
Workforce participation, the proportion of Americans in the productive workforce, peaked in 1997. With fewer working-age men and women in the workforce, per-capita income for the U.S. is reduced. 
Median real household income has declined since 1999, with incomes stagnating across virtually all income levels. Despite a welcome jump in 2015, median household income remains below the peak attained in 1999, 17 years ago. Moreover, stagnating income and limited job prospects have disproportionately affected lower-income and lower-skilled Americans, leading inequality to rise. 
That same study found that the percentage of Americans participating in the labor force peaked back in 1997 and has been steadily declining since that time… 
If we continue to do the same things, we will continue to get the same results. 
Donald Trump is promising change, and many of his proposals sound good, but there are also some areas to be concerned about. 
Ultimately, just tinkering with the tax code and reducing regulations is not going to be enough to turn the U.S. economy around. We need a fundamental overhaul of our economic and financial systems, and Trump's plan stops well short of that. But without a doubt what he is proposing is vastly superior to Hillary Clinton's plan, and so he should definitely be applauded for at least moving in the right direction. More Jobs Shipped Out Of The Country: Ford Moves All Small Car Production To Mexico » trump will have an 'accident” 
but,but,but but ,but obammy mammy said 'Donald trump will never (ever) become president”,his words ver batem.bawok also said 'Donald trump will never replace me in the WH”,ominous ,disturbing words from el president,what exactly did baaaarak mean obamas red line 2.0 
Obama did say trump will 'never” become president,not on his watch,for him that was a” red line',but let's face it we all know barry's track record when it comes to red lines lol JC Teecher 
It will only happen the way the Obominable One says it will happen, 'IF”, the Creator on the Throne, says it will. barry oldwater 
Hopefully his changes will spur economic growth which will bring in more revenue as more jobs are created, not saying it will, just speculating that this is his plan. SnodtBlossom 
he won't be elected anonymous 
Nobody is elected, they are selected. Elections are just a way to keep dumb-downed masses in check. So keep voting Lazarovic 
You're stupid, that's why you're anonymous. Coward too. anonymous 
You must be responding out of shameful ignorance. It's not your fault you are dumb-downed. It is ironic that you are calling me out for posting anonymously, when you are doing the same. Resorting to name calling though, really? LIZ THE SHIZ 
just like in Ancient Rome election season is bread and circus , keep the masses entertained so they won't notice they're powerless and gullible BS1986 
She'll use that in the debate. BS1986 
he wants to be coronated , all hail Trumpus Maximus ThePeanut995 
You are in for a rude awakening GSOB 
We all are, if either one is elected. I've done my research. No choice is without risk. Trump is who I'd like to see. It's time to think outside the box. 
If he gets in, perhaps in a 2nd term, the Fed Reserve get's axed. 
I can't stop thinking big with Mr. Trump. I can't stop thinking small with the leftist. GSOB 
With more than 50% leftist population….it does look like the final nail. Alan Cecil 
Bwah ha ha ha…another twist on the 'trickle-down” theory. It works great…for the top 1%. hillery comin for your guns 
then there's hillery's economic 'plan”, massive across the board tax increases,massive increases in the size of gov't,staggering draw droppin deficits,massive increases in entitlements (handouts),after all she did say she was continuing beewok obambi failed policies Mondobeyondo 
I have never felt as depressed – about my own future, about the future of my friends, my family and my country- as I do at this very moment. William Lutz 
Mondo I'm feeling the same way. Everyday the life is being sucked out of our wonderful nation with each passing day. I've noticed it ever since the 2008 crisis, but even more so after Obama got reelected. The only thing we have to do now is hope for the best of our personal lives in the next few years. This downfall is inevitable. anonymous 
You're not the only one. Jerry C 
Most of us felt that way almost 8 years ago. rat28 
Another stupid tickle down economy by the GOP.. We should be taxing the rich . Obama regulation and energy policies protect us from global warming Obama health care help the poor and sick .. repealing Obamacare will hurt all the economy gains we seen the last 8 years.. Bad deal from Donald Trump. libs credit card economics 
yeah just let the 35 year old 'kids” livin in their parents basement worry bout the 12T of red ink,and that's just in 8 years GSOB 
Which is impossible to pay off. South Texas 
The stupid in your comment just burns. I've not met one person who is retired who has benefited from the wonders of Obummacare. Their cost went way up for less choice and service. Maybe you could go get a medical degree and offer our services for free and help out with the problem. 
As for GW, another money sucking joke pushed by scum who live in opulate homes and waste more energy than any working class family. Speaking of which, how big is your home? SnodtBlossom 
Sleep with Trump in 2016! BS1986 
You do have your moments. LIZ THE SHIZ 
oh Snotty, you just want to rub your fingers through his thick blond weave, don't you SnodtBlossom 
What I'm saying is.. If you vote for Trump and you're single and admit to voting for him,.. a lot of women won't want you. GSOB 
Let me be blunt – God called women into spiritual leadership roles, as an exception to His design, in order to shame the men into bringing the nation back to God, and into exercising their God given responsibility to lead in the church, the home and in the nation. 
In no way does the Bible EVER paint women in leadership roles as a positive thing, but it is something God uses to shame the men into action. SnodtBlossom 
Be SHAMED.. be very SHAMED G SOB LIZ THE SHIZ 
and you wonder why your single LIZ THE SHIZ 
but they'll be the ugly women, not the mindless bleach blond Fox News types Satirist 1976 
Michael this is one of the best articles you have ever written. You presented Trump's solutions to issues that plague everyday Americans. Well done. This is not satire. 
Trump should replace Ocare with the free market and nothing else. William Lutz 
Replace Obamacare with individual Health Savings Accounts based on investments. Public hospitals with vouchers is also a great idea. South Texas 
No, the government needs to get out of looting me with a ‘savings account' and make it free market all the way. GSOB 
You don't understand how it works. They don't tax those dollars you put into a HSA. Orange Jean 
Except that in most of them… you select a certain $$ amount each year… and if you don't use it, you lose it. Who do you think ends up with the money then? GSOB 
Don't expect a reward for being careless. No system can sustain carelessness South Texas 
Exactly my point. Why do we have to put up with some over compensated elected person to ‘let' me do something with my money? 
I've never had a use for an HSA but known people who do. But hey, at least the scum implicitly acknowledge they are cheating us by ‘giving' us the privilege to use our money pre-tax. 
If some of us were not working almost 5 months of the year to support government and we had a real private health insurance and health care sector, this would be a non issue. SnodtBlossom 
Hillary will win Peanut 
NO SHE WON'T … HE IS NOW NECK AND NECK WITH HER AND WILL EXCEED HER… MORE STUFF ABOUT HER WILL BE COMING OUT! SnodtBlossom 
How much prior political experience does Trump have? NADA!!! ZIP!!!! ZILCH!!! ZERO!!! He talks the talk, but never walked the walk. But hey.. it's only THE PRESIDENCY! Maybe next we'll grab people off the street w/no medical training to do surgery! 
Neither did Ulysses Grant or Dwight Eisenhower have a prior politcal position, though both had a strong military background. Dwight being ” The Supreme Commander of Allied Forces in World War II” and Grant 'Commanding General of the United States Army” How much military background does Trump have? NADA!!! ZIP!!!! ZILCH!!! ZERO!!! 
'no major U.S. company has filed for Chapter 11 more than Trump's casino empire in the last 30 years.” He has filed four business bankruptcies. Maybe he thinks it's just as easy to file bankruptcy w/the entire government and walk away. Raymond Chow 
Political experience means nothing especially when someones political experience means the detriment of the nation. Cobbett 
”How much prior political experience does Trump have” 
Oh yes…there's Iraq, Libya, Syria(she was also instrumental in convincing Bill to bomb Serbia….all resounding success stories…politics just equal BS. turee60 
How much military experience does Hillary and Obama have zilch none! jonodough 
you mean like the idiot obama? Mondobeyondo 
If she doesn't have a coughing epileptic seizure before the election. LIZ THE SHIZ 
yup, the fix is in just watch the electoral college , your vote don't mean squat!!! GSOB 
Not yet it don't Raymond Chow 
Why do people always mention electoral college when they don't understand what electoral college is? 
When looking at the map of blue or red those are just projections where Democrats or Republican voted favorably in the past it doesn't mean electoral college. Electoral college delegates are pick by the winning candidate in the state. All states in the national election are winner take all. So if the candidate wins in majority of the district in the state he wins all the state electoral college. LIZ THE SHIZ 
just like super delegates, seems fishy budman 
nebraska is not winner take all. each congressional districts electoral vote depends on the vote within that district. GSOB 
And the minimum wage will go up. And unemployment will rise, and government will spend even more. Orange Jean 
… yeah, and little pink pigs will fly away from Smithfield Foods and not get turned into hams! ISA41:10 
Yep! krinks 
Hey Genius. A Free Market solution led people to be denied coverage for nearly every malady under the guise of a pre existing condition. A Whistle Blower for/from the Health Insurance Industry admitted as much. The more she came up with creative reasons to deny payment/coverage the higher she was promoted. GSOB 
The free market is the best thing going! Because it has some level of risk, non hackers despise and envy this good system. What makes it good is that it benefits the majority of the people, not all. No system can. What happens if the majority are non hackers? Non hackers default to handout mode by finding fault with reality and cry, they depend on a leftist government to provide a silver spoon for everyone. The market then is no longer free. krinks 
Weren't you paying attention? They take your premiums and then when you need to use it deny payment. GSOB 
Appeal it then. krinks 
Appeal? To who? The same person who gets a bigger bonus for telling you no? Are you an idiot? GSOB 
You sound like a confident young man. Just ignore me. Stick with your leftist ideas. Your choice. Jace Tate 
the once estudious michael snider is now drowned by drivel. LIZ THE SHIZ 
well he opened it up to a Trollathon Raymond Chow 
When people runs out of argument or loses they start calling names which is exactly what you are. Yes, you sue or appeal your case. krinks 
I explained that a big bonus follows when you tell people NO in the private industry. If you don't understand this YES you are an IDIOT. Jerry C 
Then payers should be free to leave and go to a provider who says yes in a fair market. LIZ THE SHIZ 
meanwhile you die waiting for the appeal Raymond Chow 
Then sue them or perhaps you didn't sign up for the coverage. It's like you got liability for your car insurance but you wanna be cover for medical when you get into an accident. joe 
That's how 'insurance” works. Simply banking in reverse and how the inventors, IE banksters intended. Raymond Chow 
Yes, a free market system where you can acquire health insurance across state boundaries. I.e., wish to buy health insurance in Iowa where it's lower even though I live in California. Cobbett 
Why are people so obsessed with their health? Why paying endless 10000s on the chance I ”might” get ill…rather spend it on women and booze. Lillian DeVore 
I think it's more of an obsession with the pre-existing conditions people's health. Cobbett 
I had my appendix whipped out when I was 14(some time ago)…even though I'm a heavy boozer(although not now)…I Feel Fine. Why worry…what will be will be. GeneP54 
He should, but he said that he wants universal healthcare. turee60 
I agree our medical the way it was was still the best in the world. People from Canada were coming here for medical cause it was so much better. The government doesn't need to get into our medical. Years ago like in 1986 I was out of work and had no medical and went to a free clinic in my area and got waited on quickly and it didn't cost me anything. William Lutz 
I agree. On one hand, some of Trump's policies sound alright, but a lot of his proposals are dubious and a few are unrealistic. First of all, building a YUGE wall on the border is going to be very expensive and not very effective. Furthermore: 
1) He never really mentions how he is going to deal with Planned Parenthood. 2) He obviously has no full intention of abolishing some bureaucratic agencies such as the Fed Reserve, the FDA, the USDA, Department of Energy, etc. 3) Reckless spending and debt is going to continue, and tax revenue will never keep up with the expenses. 4) I am not sure how he is going to replace Obamacare. 5) His idea on how to combat ISIS is not practical. It would mean extorting the Middle East out of their oil and having a costly militarist operation in various countries. It's a recipe for World War 3. 6) Even though he is anti establismhment at heart, he is running on a major party platform, which is rigged and corrupt. He should've refused to participate within the Republican Party and join an alternative political party. Jace Tate 
Isis took the oil didn't they William Lutz 
Yeah they probably took it, but my point is that you don't easily defeat ISIS by confiscating the oil and having a double version of the Iraq War. By the way, I forgot to mention that DJ Trump never spoke openly about civil liberties or mass surveillance either. Hence, I suspect that he will strengthen the so called 'war on terror”, which God forbid he would do. No more George Dubya Bush please. Christopher Privett 
Obama expanded Bush's programs of surveillance, and just paid Mexico 75 Million dollars. For a WALL built across their southern border. John Francis 
You are right, some things don't add up, but I'll take him over Hillary any day of the week. I'm still struggling with whether to vote in the presidential at all, having a very hard time with Trump's torture advocacy and his call for the execution of Edward Snowden. Jessy Scholl 
Seriously, Donald Trump can't talk about abolishing federal agencies because he would be killed on the spot. Jace Tate 
how are lower taxes going to help zero growth? How is income in the middle class going to aid the systems recovery? Once you go off the cliff of a set system in a fixed economy, you don't think there is any fixing it. I think higher taxes and lower barriers to growth are the answer. However the way the apple is peeled can only be determined post collapse, after the decision makers have decided the direction the country takes. That is why even if you take out the true deplorables ruining everything, the best you can do is elect someone who identifies with the American way of life and our decisions. themacabre 
How are higher taxes for failed government programs going to help?…we need to cut federal spending not give it more money. That's like giving a lazy bum watching tv and drinking beer another six pack. ISA41:10 
” I think higher taxes and lower barriers to growth are the answer. ” 
How stupid can you be?!?!? Explain to me how taking more money from the private sector (businesses and people) improves growth and the economy? 
Waiting .. JC Teecher 
You are proof of how well mind control by the elite liberals is working. It is this mentality that is meant to destroy the God induced US Constitution. 
When a nation has allowed four scotus to take the whole nation down a rat hole of sin, then the nation either digs back out or it gets drowned in darkness. 
There is a slim…very slim chance that America can dig out of the rat hole for a few years, but ultimately sin will drown this nation into the abyss. 
Don't believe it? It is in the book; the only book that matters. sister soldier 
Amen and amen again. LIZ THE SHIZ 
we will wind up with a one world government just like in Star Trek Next Generation , the united federation of planets GSOB 
Leftist 1. A member of an ideological camp that defines socialism as a form of totalitarian secular feudalism; an advocate for the management of non-Leftist people as farm animals. 
'When the Leftist tried to convince me that North Korea had the only true and just form of socialism on earth, I gave up on trying to talk rationally with him and just walked away.” Jace Tate 
if you would all stop patting each other on the back you'd find the diversity among yourselves deplorable in the face of true knowledge. Jace Tate 
you changed your comment you liberal demagogues. William Lutz 
But I give Donald credit where it's due. At least he is better than Hillary and not as conniving and deceiving as she is. However, I refuse to pick the least of two bad apples. GSOB 
.. vizeet 
Removing Obamacare and reducing Defense budget will be huge saving for US. And will be good for rest of the world…. William Lutz 
Trump however, will not reduce military spending and his idea of replacing ACA is only a secret plan. SnodtBlossom 
Do you think he will help you when you are homeless? GSOB 
It is not the POTUS job to do that. LIZ THE SHIZ 
if he has any rooms empty in his crappy hotels he can rent them to the homeless and get refunded through section 8 housing Raymond Chow 
You can't even afford to step into his hotel lobby. I don't think they allow vagrants there. sister soldier 
Didn't the current sitting president already reduce the defense budget? My bad…. he reduced our defenses. turee60 
You can't reduce the defense budget you need to raise the defense to protect our country from terrorist! Ye Deplorable Uncucker 
I would hope that after he is elected he will go after the Fed. Shut them down. Paleface 
and let the treasury print the US$. that way avoiding paying interest to a private bunch of parasites. LIZ THE SHIZ 
ask JFK what happens when you try to go after the fed, you can't can you? Priszilla

ARTICLE

Archives Michael On Television Everybody Is Telling Me That Trump Is Going To Win – So Why Do I Have Such An Ominous Feeling? By Michael Snyder, on November 6th, 2016 
I hope that I am wrong. On Tuesday night we will find out who our next president will be, and I have a very ominous feeling about what is going to happen. But all around me there are people telling me that Trump is going to win. They tell me to disregard the polls because they cannot be trusted, and that very well may be true . They tell me that new voters and independent voters will overwhelmingly vote for Trump, and they tell me that it is obvious that Trump has more enthusiasm for his campaign because of the size of his rallies. I have even heard some people say that God told them that Donald Trump is going to win the election. Well, we will find out on Tuesday night who was right and who was wrong. Personally, I don't know what is going to happen, but I am quite skeptical of Trump's chances and I can't shake this ominous feeling about what Tuesday night will bring. 
Even if Trump could legitimately get the votes that he needs, would the elite just stand by and allow him to win the election? There was evidence of widespread fraud in the last election , and there have already been reports of vote switching in this election . Bev Harris of blackboxvoting.org has been documenting how our elections have been stolen for many years, and at this point I have very little faith in the integrity of our system. 
But I still voted. 
Early voting is available where I live, and on Friday I voted for Donald Trump. 
I just wish that I could believe that my vote is going to matter. On Sunday we got another glaring example of how rigged the system is. In a letter to Congress, FBI Director James Comey announced that his agency is ending the investigation into Hillary Clinton's emails . By some miracle, the FBI was able to examine approximately 650,000 emails in just eight days. But there are only 691,200 seconds in eight days. So the FBI somehow reviewed these emails at the rate of about one every second, and now they have conveniently come to the conclusion that Hillary Clinton is totally innocent just two days before the election. 
When this story broke, it really did hit me on an emotional level, and I already detailed my thoughts in an article for The Most Important News entitled ' I Just Lost All Faith In Our Deeply Corrupt Legal System And In The Rule Of Law In The United States '. I don't know how any American is going to be able to have faith in our system of justice after this. We truly do live in a lawless nation, and if the American people elect Hillary Clinton they are willingly choosing lawlessness. 
But let's pretend for a moment that our elections are completely and totally fair and that Donald Trump has an honest chance. Even though the polls have tightened up over the past week, it is still very difficult to see a path to victory for Trump. 
Virtually everyone agrees that the electoral map gives the Democrats a built-in advantage. In order to win the election, Donald Trump is going to have to win all of the 'battleground states” plus steal a mid-size state from Hillary's column. 
For Hillary, there are many paths to victory for her. 
If Hillary Clinton wins Florida, she wins the election. 
If Hillary Clinton wins Ohio, she wins the election. 
If Hillary Clinton wins North Carolina or Arizona, she almost certainly wins the election. 
In order for Donald Trump to win, he has got to win Florida, Georgia, North Carolina, Ohio, Iowa, Arizona, Nevada and either Pennsylvania or Michigan. 
Of course that is possible, but it is not probable even if the fight was fair. 
And apparently I am not the only one that has an ominous feeling about what is coming. NBC News is reporting on a tremendous surge in emergency food sales as preppers get ready for the outcome of this election… 
In case of an election night Doomsday, preppers are running up sales of emergency survival food. 
While sales for 'long term food” typically see an increase around natural disasters and elections, 'this is more intense than what we saw in 2012,” said Keith Bansemer, VP of marketing for My Patriot Supply, a manufacturer and seller of survival food. During the previous election his company saw sales double. This time it's triple. 
'We have everyone we can on the phones,” he said. 'We are overwhelmed.” 
And a Yahoo article is warning that militia groups 'are preparing for the possibility of a stolen election”… 
As the most divisive presidential election in recent memory nears its conclusion, some armed militia groups are preparing for the possibility of a stolen election on Nov. 8 and civil unrest in the days following a victory by Democrat Hillary Clinton. 
They say they won't fire the first shot, but they're not planning to leave their guns at home, either. 
Tens of millions of Americans are very deeply emotionally invested in this campaign, and undoubtedly some of my readers will get upset with me for writing this article. 
But I am not writing this article to get people down. In fact, I am strongly urging everyone to vote. 
If you don't vote now, you may never get a chance to vote in a pivotal election such as this one ever again. 
And everyone needs to be watching for signs of election fraud when they go to vote. People are freaked out about the potential for a stolen election because of what has happened in the past, and we want to do our very best to make sure that it doesn't happen this time. 
If Donald Trump wins on Tuesday, I will be very, very happy to have been proven wrong. 
And if Hillary Clinton wins, I will take absolutely no joy in being right. 
I truly do believe that this election represents America's 'last chance”. The most evil politician in the entire country is on the verge of becoming our next president, and the American people have a decision to make. 
If the American people willingly choose Hillary Clinton, I believe that will be the final nail in our coffin. 
So please vote on Tuesday, because the fate of our nation hangs in the balance. November 6th, 2016 | Tags: 2016 Election , Anxiety , Clinton , Depression , Donald Trump , Election , Election 2016 , Feeling , Feeling Pain , Hillary Clinton , Pain , Painful , Painful Feeling , Trump | Category: Commentary If Donald Trump Wins, He Will Be 70 Years, 7 Months And 7 Days Old On His First Full Day In Office » ALWAYSTOMORROW 
COUNTDOWN. Today, November 6, 2016. In 2 days I predict Mrs. Clinton will be elected our next president. Bob332 
God gave this country TWO chances over the past 8 trs to get this country back on course & people BLEW it. Now it will be 3 strikes and your out IF this evil, corrupt POS is elected. As Lenin once said ” America is like a healthy body and it's resistance is three fold , it's PATRIOTISM, it' s MORALITY and it's Spiritual life.If we can undermine these three areas America WILL COLLAPSE from within” Ask yourself one question. Have these area's finally been undermined? The answer is YES and we WILL suffer the ramifications! ALWAYSTOMORROW 
Mike, what happened to your 'A Hillary Clinton Indictment Is Coming” article? 
Those rotten Russian hackers I'll bet.

ARTICLE

Early Voting Results In Key Battleground States Appear To Favor Donald Trump   7th, 2016 
If you want Donald Trump   then you have got to be encouraged by what you are seeing so far. Early voting has already been going on in a number of the most important battleground states, and up to this point the numbers seem to support the theory   doing significantly better in key swing states than Mitt Romney did in 2012. As you will see below, the latest numbers released by Florida, North Carolina, Colorado and Arizona all have good news for the Trump campaign. Without a doubt, I still have an   happen tomorrow night, but so far at least there are some encouraging signs. 
Florida 
Early voting has become extremely popular in Florida, and at this point close to half of all voters in the state have already cast their ballots . 
Donald Trump cannot win the election without Florida's 29 electoral votes, and so to say that this is a 'must win” for the Trump campaign would be a massive understatement. 
Fortunately, the Trump campaign appears to be doing much better in Florida than the Romney campaign did in 2012. The following comes from Politico … 
Florida Democrats increased their lead over Republicans in casting pre-Election Day ballots to nearly 33,000 as of Sunday morning, but the sheer number of new voters and independents makes it tougher than ever for experts to say whether Hillary Clinton has a clear advantage over Donald Trump in the nation's biggest battleground state. 
Of the record 6.1 million in-person early votes and absentee ballots cast, Democrats have an advantage over Republicans of only 0.5 percentage points, with each party casting roughly 39 percent of the ballots. Though it's a lead for Democrats, they're not going to match their 3.7-percentage-point lead in early votes by Election Day they enjoyed in 2012. And Republicans tend to outvote Democrats on Election Day in Florida. 
On Monday, updated numbers for Florida were released, and we found out that the Democrats had increased their lead to about 87,000 votes. But Trump is still doing much better than Romney was at this stage. 
And the Trump campaign also has to be happy about the fact that first-time voters account for 25 percent of all the votes cast so far. Throughout this election cycle Trump has shown that he can bring out people that have never voted before, and so officials in the Trump campaign have to be smiling about this. 
However, one sign of trouble for the Trump campaign is the fact that there has been a 100 percent increase in early voting by Hispanics in Florida compared to 2012, and this appears to be fueled by dislike for Trump. The following comes from the Miami Herald … 
Through Saturday, 565,000 Hispanics had completed early in-person voting in Florida, a 100 percent increase over 2012, according to an analysis by Dan Smith, a University of Florida political science professor who tracks voting data. 
Including absentee ballots, 911,000 Hispanics have voted — more than a third of whom did not vote in 2012. 'We're witnessing explosive early voting turnout of Hispanics — both those newly registered to vote as well as those who sat on the sidelines in 2012,” Smith said. 
As discussed above, Republicans tend to outvote Democrats on Election Day in Florida, so the key for the Trump campaign will be to have the same kind of Election Day turnout that the Romney campaign had in 2012. 
If Trump wins Florida, he will have a legitimate shot at winning the election, but if he loses the state it will be virtually impossible for him to make up those 29 electoral votes elsewhere on the map. 
North Carolina 
Another state that the Trump campaign desperately needs is North Carolina. Mitt Romney won this state back in 2012, and according to the Drudge Report the Trump campaign is doing even better than the Romney campaign did during early voting… 
Another dramatic turn of events is being reported out of North Carolina this afternoon: Donald Trump has jumped past all expectations in early voting! 
In 2012, Romney hit Election Day down 447,000 votes, based on early ballots. He went on to win the state by 97,000 votes. 
Now, the DRUDGE REPORT can reveal, Trump opens Election Day down 305,000! 
North Carolina is another of the key battleground states that is going to help decide the election. While not as important as Florida, the truth is that Donald Trump pretty much has to have it to have a legitimate shot. 
Colorado 
All along, most of the pundits have pretty much assumed that Hillary Clinton was going to win Colorado. 
Unfortunately for her, the Denver Post is reporting that the number of Republicans that have voted so far exceeds the number of Democrats that have voted… 
Republicans took the lead in early voting in Colorado   Friday and held the advantage through the weekend despite robust Democratic get-out-the-vote efforts. 
The latest early voting numbers released Monday morning show registered Republicans cast 652,380 ballots compared to 645,020 registered Democrats — a 7,360 vote GOP advantage. The breakdown looks like this: 35.2 percent Republican, 34.8 percent Democrat and 28.5 percent unaffiliated. 
If Donald Trump could find a way to actually win Colorado, that would definitely lessen the pressure of having to win Nevada where he is not doing nearly as well so far. 
Arizona 
The state of Arizona used to be considered 'deep red” territory, but during this election cycle it has been considered a battleground state. 
Fortunately for Trump the poll numbers in Arizona have shifted in his direction in recent days, and the early numbers coming out of the state look very good for him … 
The Republican lead in absentee ballots returned is 95,000. Bill Dunn, the party's director of early and absentee voting, said Republicans lead with 36.5 percent of absentee ballots requested but have an even greater advantage in absentee ballots returned, at 40 percent of the total. 
In the waning days of the campaign Donald Trump has been criss-crossing the country, and he continues to draw absolutely enormous crowds. Conservative voters are far more enthusiastic about Trump than they were about Romney, but will it be enough? The scene here in Sterling Heights, Michigan just before Trump's next rally pic.twitter.com/1OxuTNeXuN 
— Jill Colvin (@colvinj) November 7, 2016 
Some Republican strategists are convinced that it will not be enough. In fact, one of them told CNN that he believes   going to win by 'an electoral landslide”… 
Hillary Clinton will win in an electoral landslide on Tuesday, but the political baggage she has accumulated over the past year-and-a-half will dissuade congressional Republicans from working with her administration, says longtime Republican political strategist John Weaver. 
'I believe she's going to win in an electoral landslide and be the most unpopular president in electoral history, which is quite the paradox,” Weaver told David Axelrod on 'The Axe Files” podcast, produced by the University of Chicago Institute of Politics and CNN. 
And ultimately it could be the establishment Republicans and the 'never-Trumpers” that make the difference and deliver the election to Hillary Clinton. If you can believe it, some establishment Republicans are actually publicly announcing that they have voted for Hillary Clinton and are encouraging others to do the same. 
If they can get just five percent of Republicans to follow them, they could completely alter the outcome of the election. So let us hope that does not happen. 
On a positive note, on Monday we learned that Hillary Clinton has canceled her celebratory fireworks for Tuesday night. No reason was given for why the fireworks were canceled, but many are taking this as a sign that the Clinton campaign may not be as optimistic as they were previously. 
In any event, we don't have long to wait now until we find out who wins and who loses. 
If you want Donald Trump to win, please go vote, because America may never be faced with this kind of a choice again. 
I am absolutely convinced that this is a pivotal moment in American history, and on Tuesday night we find out what happens. 
May God have mercy on the late, great United States of America. November 7th, 2016 | Tags: 2016 Election , Arizona , Colorado , Debts , Donald Trump , Election , Florida , North Carolina , Pain , Trump | Category: Commentary

ARTICLE

Archives Michael On Television No Matter What Happens, We Won't Know Who The Next President Will Be Until December 19th   8th, 2016 
Most Americans assume that their votes decide who the next president will be, but that is actually not the case. It is   that will elect the next president, and they don't meet until December 19th. And the truth is that all of the members of   never meet in one place. Rather, electors gather together in all 50 state capitals on the second Wednesday in December, and it is at that time that the next president and vice president are officially elected. Of course members of   have voted according to the will of the people about 99 percent of the time throughout our history, but with how crazy this election has turned out to be you never know what might happen. For example, later on in this article you will see that one elector in Washington state has already publicly stated that he will not cast his vote for Hillary Clinton. If other 'faithless electors” emerge, that could potentially change the entire   
If you are not familiar with the basics of how   works, here is a pretty good summary from Wikipedia … 
Even though the aggregate national popular vote is calculated by state officials, media organizations, and the Federal Election Commission , the people only indirectly elect the president, as the national popular vote is not the basis for electing the president or vice president. The President and Vice President of the United States are elected by  , which consists of 538 presidential electors from the fifty states and Washington, D.C. . Presidential electors are selected on a state-by-state basis, as determined by the laws of each state. Since the election of 1824 , [35] most states have appointed their electors on a winner-take-all basis, based on the statewide popular vote on Election Day . Maine and Nebraska are the only two current exceptions, as both states use the congressional district method. Although ballots list the names of the presidential and vice presidential candidates (who run on a ticket ), voters actually choose electors when they vote for president and vice president. These presidential electors in turn cast electoral votes for those two offices. Electors usually pledge to vote for their party's nominee, but some ' faithless electors ” have voted for other candidates. 
A candidate must receive an absolute majority of electoral votes (currently 270) to win the presidency or the vice presidency. If no candidate receives a majority in the election for president or vice president, that election is determined via a contingency procedure established by the Twelfth Amendment . In such a situation, the House chooses one of the top three presidential electoral vote-winners as the president, while the Senate chooses one of the top two vice presidential electoral vote-winners as vice president. 
In an attempt to make sure that their electors vote according to the will of the people, 29 states have passed laws that impose penalties on 'faithless electors”. In many cases the punishment consists of a fine, but that may not be enough to keep some electors in line this time around. According to ABC News , one elector that was supposed to be committed to Hillary Clinton has already announced that he is refusing to vote for her despite the fact that he will get hit by a $1,000 fine… 
One elector has already said he won't vote for Clinton, despite a fine. Robert Satiacum, a member of Washington's Puyallup Tribe, says he believes Clinton is a 'criminal” who doesn't care enough about American Indians and 'she's done nothing but flip back and forth.” 
Satiacum faces a $1,000 fine in Washington if he doesn't vote for Clinton, but he said he doesn't care. 
'She will not get my vote, period,” he told The Associated Press. 
And there are 21 states that do not impose penalties on 'faithless electors” at all. 
So while it is true that over 99 percent of all Electors throughout our history have voted the way that they were supposed to, that may not happen in 2016. 
There is also the possibility that the winning candidate could die or become incapacitated between Election Day and December 19th. If that happens, the electors that are supposed to be committed to the winning candidate would be free to vote for someone else.   archives.gov … 
If a candidate dies or becomes incapacitated between the general election and the meeting of electors, under federal law, the electors pledged to the deceased candidate may vote for the candidate of their choice at the meeting of electors. Individual states may pass laws on the subject, but no federal law proscribes how electors must vote when a candidate dies or becomes incapacitated. In 1872, when Horace Greeley passed away between election day and the meeting of electors, the electors who were slated to vote for Greeley voted for various candidates, including Greeley. The votes cast for Greeley were not counted due to a House resolution passed regarding the matter. See the full Electoral College vote counts for President and Vice President in the 1872 election. 
As to a candidate who dies or becomes incapacitated between the meeting of electors and the counting of electoral votes in Congress, the Constitution is silent on whether this candidate meets the definition of 'President elect” or 'Vice President elect.” If the candidate with a majority of the electoral votes is considered 'President elect,” even before the counting of electoral votes in Congress, Section 3 of the 20th Amendment applies. Section 3 of the 20th Amendment states that the Vice President elect will become President if the President elect dies or becomes incapacitated. 
If a winning Presidential candidate dies or becomes incapacitated between the counting of electoral votes in Congress and the inauguration, the Vice President elect will become President, according to Section 3 of the 20th Amendment . 
Our Constitution really should be amended to deal with a situation where a winning candidate dies between Election Day and   vote, but up until now that has not happened. 
So the cold, hard reality of the matter is that we will enter a period of great uncertainty between November 8th and December 19th. Even though the American people will have spoken, we will not have a 'President-elect” yet, and if something happens to the winning candidate that could throw us into an unprecedented constitutional crisis. 
And of course if the election results are very tight and a few 'faithless electors” throw the election in the opposite direction on December 19th, that could create an enormous constitutional crisis as well. 
Following the vote of   on December 19th, a joint session of Congress takes place on January 6th of the following year to formally declare the winner … 
The Twelfth Amendment mandates that the Congress assemble in joint session to count the electoral votes and declare the winners of the election. [53] The session is ordinarily required to take place on January 6 in the calendar year immediately following the meetings of the presidential electors. [54] Since the Twentieth Amendment , the newly elected House declares the winner of the election; all elections before 1936 were determined by the outgoing House. 
Two weeks later, the winning candidate will be inaugurated on January 20th, and at that point the next president will begin to serve. 
It would be a whole lot simpler and more rational to just allow the American people to directly elect the president, and it would probably take a major crisis in order to get the kind of constitutional amendment that is needed to do that. 
But for now the system is what it is, and that means that the election is not over until it is over. 
So November 8th is definitely not the end of the story, and the craziest chapters of this election season may still be yet to come.

ARTICLE

Rail Traffic Depression: 292 Union Pacific Engines Are Sitting In The Arizona Desert Doing Nothing   May 4th, 2016 
We continue to get more evidence that the U.S. economy has entered a major downturn. Just last week, I wrote about how U.S. GDP growth numbers have been declining for three quarters in a row , and previously I wrote about how corporate defaults have surged to their highest level since the last financial crisis . Well, now we are getting some very depressing numbers from the rail industry. As you will see below, U.S. rail traffic was down more than 11 percent from a year ago in April. That is an absolutely catastrophic number, and the U.S. rail industry is feeling an enormous amount of pain right now. This also tells us that 'the real economy” is really slowing down, because less stuff is being shipped by rail all over the nation. 
One of the economic commentators that I have really come to respect is Wolf Richter of WolfStreet.com . He has a really sharp eye for   in the economy and in the financial world, and I find myself quoting him more and more as time goes by. If you have not checked out his site yet, I very much encourage you to do so. 
On Wednesday, he posted a very alarming article about what is happening to our rail industry. The kinds of numbers that we have been seeing recently are the kinds of numbers that we would expect if an economic depression was starting. The following is an excerpt from that article … 
Total US rail traffic in April plunged 11.8% from a year ago, the Association of American Railroads reported today. Carloads of bulk commodities such as coal, oil, grains, and chemicals plummeted 16.1% to 944,339 units. 
The coal industry is in a horrible condition and cannot compete with US natural gas at current prices. Coal-fired power plants are being retired. Demand for steam coal is plunging. Major US coal miners – even the largest one – are now bankrupt. So in April, carloads of coal plummeted 40% from the already beaten-down levels a year ago. 
Because rail traffic is down so dramatically, many operators have large numbers of engines that are just sitting around collecting dust. In his article, Wolf Richter shared photographs from Google Earth that show some of the 292 Union Pacific engines that are sitting in the middle of the Arizona desert doing absolutely nothing. The following is one of those photographs… 
As Wolf Richter pointed out, it costs a lot of money for these engines to just sit there doing nothing… 
These engines are expensive pieces of equipment. When they just sit there, not pulling trains, they become 'overcapacity,” and they get very expensive. Then there are engineers and other personnel who suddenly become unproductive. Some of them have already been laid off or are getting laid off. 
All over the world, similar numbers are coming in. For example, the Baltic Dry Index fell 30 more points on Wednesday after falling 21 on Tuesday. Global trade is really, really slowing down during the early portion of 2016. What this means on a practical level is that a lot less stuff is being bought, sold and shipped around the planet. 
It is becoming increasingly difficult for authorities to deny that a new global recession has begun, and at this moment we are only in the very early chapters of this new crisis. 
Another thing that I watch very closely is the velocity of money. When an economy is healthy, people feel pretty good about things and money tends to circulate fairly rapidly. For example, I may buy something from you, then you may buy something from someone else, etc. 
But when times get tough, people tend to hold on to their money more tightly, and that is why the velocity of money goes down when recessions hit. In the chart below, the shaded areas represent recessions, and you can see that the velocity of money has declined during every single recession in the post-World War II era… 
During the last recession, the velocity of money declined precipitously, and that makes perfect sense. But then a funny thing happened. There was a slight bump up once the recession was over, but then it turned down again and it has kept going down ever since. 
In fact, the velocity of money has now dropped to an all-time low. The velocity of M2 just recently dipped below 1.5 for the first time ever. 
This is not a sign of an 'economic recovery”. What this tells us is that our economy is very, very sick. 
And we can see evidence of this sickness all around us. For instance, the Los Angeles Times is reporting that homelessness in Los Angeles increased by 11 percent last year, and this marked the fourth year in a row that homelessness in the city has increased… 
Homelessness rose 11% in the city of Los Angeles and 5.7% in the county last year despite an intensive federal push that slashed the county ranks of homeless veterans by nearly a third, according to a report released Wednesday . 
The increase marks the fourth consecutive year of rising homelessness in L.A., as local officials struggle to identify funding for billion-dollar plans they approved to solve the nation's most intractable homeless problem. 
Let us also not forget that about half the country is basically flat broke at this point. 
Just recently, the Federal Reserve found that 47 percent of all Americans could not pay an unexpected $400 emergency room bill without selling something or borrowing the money from somewhere. 
With numbers such as these being reported, how in the world can anyone possibly claim that the U.S. economy is in good shape? 
It boggles the mind, and yet there are people out there that would actually have you believe that everything is just fine. 
The current occupant of the White House is one of them. 
With each passing month, the real economy is getting even worse. We may not have slipped into a full-blown economic depression just yet, but it is coming. 
For now, let us be thankful for whatever remains of our debt-fueled prosperity, because we don't deserve the massively inflated standard of living that we have been enjoying. 
We have been consuming far more than we produce for decades, but it won't last for much longer. And when those days are gone for good, we will mourn them bitterly. A New Digital Cash System Was Just Unveiled At A Secret Meeting For Bankers In New York » alan 
Somebody will go out there and strip the copper out of them. The railroad then can write them off on insurance, problem solved. Jim Speaker 
I bet A lot of those engines get graffitied soon. Randy 
The spot price of copper is too low right now to make it worthwhile. Have you ever seen how difficult it is to take wire out of a motor or generator? It's not like peeling a grape. The health of the economy of any nation can be gauged by the price of its copper. Scarcity of copper due to it being used for motors, generators and conductors in conduits makes the price go high, lack of expansion means the price will be low. Outside of industrial use and as a medium of exchange, there's not much use for copper. Except in the brass used for bullet casings. On our last scrap metal run down to the recycling place, we got $20.71 for 550 pounds of scrap iron. Pitiful. greyprepper 
Don't go giving me ideas now! I'm reformed by golly. Fiona 
Nobody tells us, but we're in a deep recession. And with either Trump or Clinton as next president, there is no hope for a change. (I really wonder if Sanders could do a better job). Bring the popcorn and the camping seats, the economic collapse is about to begin. K2 
Sad that you find this entertaining. Scott Comin 
the shadow government controls it all!!! they give us entertainment every four years so we can hope for the change that never happens!!! Steeve Girard 
We are in this mess because of Abrahamic beliefs. Steeve Girard 
That is true, rotating politicians will not solve the problem, nor will they be willing to enforce an un-democratic change to the social order. The system will have to be abolish to repair society and adapt it to the new reality of a low energy world. It is unlikely to happen until we are totally immobilized. DareToCreateYourBestLife 
I see many people dying in this world before harmony is restored in a 'low energy world”. Nature of humankind… ALWAYSTOMORROW 
Your article looks very similar to this one. 
investmentwatchblog dot com /freight-rail-traffic-plunges-haunting-pictures-of-transportation-recession/ 
Interesting SunnyFlaSnotress 
off topic: I know one of our 'buddies” was planning a vacation, but Rorschach has been interestingly absent. hmm..   I wish a few others would have gone on vacation with them too. Robert 
There is no telling when the locomotive photo was taken. That is a mainline track. Unused engines are stored in large train yards where they are kept maintained until used or sold off. I doubt they are stored in AZ as aircraft. Google photos can be years out of date. 
I am not doubting the numbers for freight traffic decline but the photo is not evidence. Jim Speaker 
I know where those locomotives are stored at. They are stored on the old Southern Pacific out of service Pheonix line east of Wellington,AZ. I took A picture of A few trains their back in 1996. Amtrak used to use that line. When the SP/UP merger came in 1996 it was abandond. Stephen 
There is 50 to 70 maybe more BNSF train engines that have been sitting near downtown Oklahoma City for the last two months or more. While I agree that it is sad about the economic state of the country I have no sympathy for that criminal fraudster Mr. billionaire himself Warren Buffet that got a bailout from the tax payers back in 2008. Yup he Berkshire Hathaway owns BNSF and Union Pacific too I believe. He makes money as those goods move down the railway. Why do you think he fights that trans atlantic pipeline because competition is a sin. Steeve Girard 
That means the QE money keep falling into vaults, and never comes out. Especially the Treasury vault. Once in there it can only do one thing, pay the Treasury Bonds that are coming back from the BRICS countries, which makes it disappear. The black holes they tried to fill (with QE programs) and never was able to blow it away from existence are still there, and are still doing damages to the economy. . And with the energy crisis increasing, new black hole vaults have started to appear around the world, because they are trying to decouple the US dollar from the energy sector. Richard 
'Global trade is really, really slowing down” 
Really really? I haven't seen this double repetition for months (a couple of years, maybe). Please don't let it creep back again. Barry Goldwater 
Am I wrong or shouldn't the content be the focus in the comment section ? Having said that I can say I read this article and as usual applaud Michael for getting news out that goes unmentioned by the lame stream media. Personally I've been on the net for years and found the 'Grammar Police ” a bit obnoxious to say the least. Michael is doing a superb job and my hat's off to him. Jomine Jose 
They went the way of the MarcoBird. rentslave 
On the other hand,Powerball sales almost doubled since the last drawing.It seems that many TV stations show the drawing before the 11 PM news once it passes a certain point,proving that many affluent people still exist.It's still taking an inordinate amount of time to reach that level as the regular street players are just about tapped out. K2 
Coal is slowing down because of natural gas. tom 
Let's not forget that the EPA under the president's direction is going after the coal industry too. I remember Hillary Clinton saying earlier this year that she would basically kill the US coal industry. SmallerGovNow2 
and then she just recently said, 'that's not what I meant”. what a lying POS she is… tom 
Now I know that you have a highly developed sense of humor. Have you begun searching for a puppy? SunnyFlaSnotress 
I can think of something better to worship than one's self or a government. SunnyFlaSnotress 
Does this ring a bell, Snotty? 
A god complex is an unshakable belief characterized by consistently inflated feelings of personal ability, privilege, or infallibility. A person with a god complex may refuse to admit the possibility of their error or failure, even in the face of irrefutable evidence, complex, or intractable problems or difficult or impossible tasks, or may regard their personal opinions as unquestionably correct. The individual may disregard the rules of society and require special consideration or privileges. 
And just whom is this paragraph describing? 
Here's a hint: Hillary is NOT God! 
…She is GODESS!….(compliments of rarefied snotress) arresun 
There is no Hillary 😀 Richard O. Mann 
Obama said pretty much the same thing. He has been after coal for some time. It's responsible for climate change and has to go. Steeve Girard 
All fossil fuels are slowing down due to quality and EROEI. We have now reached the commercially non-viable level 8:1… In 2030, we will reach the industrial non-viable level 5:1… that is when you will realize that industrial society just died. Priszilla 
No money nothing to buy. Current 'economy” lives from ammo and derivatives. billtheguy 
As the movie 'The Big Short” says 'the music hasn't stopped, its just slowing down.” This time around, it will slow down to almost stopping. Get prepared spiritually and economically. Steeve Girard 
The Limits to Growth scenario (Business as Usual) scenario is still on course. It all points to an energy crisis in 2030, that is when everything will go hectic. dauden 
How do you 'get prepared spiritually”? When times are good ignore your soul but when times are about to get ugly, get spiritual? Explain please. SunnyFlaSnotress 
'U.S. rail traffic was down more than 11 percent from a year ago in April.” Oil dropped in Nov 2014. A few months gave people time to believe the drop wasn't a blip and trucking went into higher gear with new lower gas prices, passing the savings onto the clients. Hence, trucking likely gained more popularity for shipping some items. 'This also tells us that 'the real economy” is really slowing down” It's inordinately skewed to make that statement without showing a traffic comparison chart of trucking vs railing during that timeframe. p.s. waves and kisses to my adoring fans 😀 Ricardo 
Stop blowing your snot everywhere you gross person SunnyFlaSnotress 
Ricardo the Beaner starts the day on a good note Bill 
Thanks for sharing your intelligence, now leave it at that and ignore the insults. SunnyFlaSnotress 
BillTheController took several moments to think of the right compliment for me. Bill 
At the end of the day, it's all just a game. Willard Ferch 
The surge was already there. Diesel is still relatively cheap. If there were buyers, there would be tons of shipping. Sales are needed to create the shipping. The Lord loves you and all Christians love you. They may disapprove of your life-style and your ideology, but they still love you. Fiddlin SunnyFlaSnotress 
The surge was building momentum Richard O. Mann 
That should be 'may no god bless you”. Just keeping you constant there Sunny. SunnyFlaSnotress 
No, no no.. it's 'G0ddess Bless You” Richard O. Mann 
Another cut & paste for you to display. Nothing from that pea brain of yours SunnyFlaSnotress 
The majority was in my words or otherwise quoted unlike BarkingBill NCA who just copies others' work w/o acknowledgement Mark 
Remember everyone we need push the flag button on Sunny the Honey. Bill and I are doing so please join the party. SunnyFlaSnotress All_has_An _END_. 
attention attention you must be fat and ugly and lonely and confused , and that is a good thing K2 
I have seen her in real life and she is slim and beautiful. cuchulain 
But with big ol' stained fangs. Ouwy wowy ow ow !! arresun 
Trains use diesel as well cuchulain 
Yo Snotty !!!! Very good. I like that someone did some fact checking. Now, be a good girl and find out the trucking volume stats the last 2 years. Go ahead. We'll be here when ya get back :–). 
Seriously… good job. Not sure it changes the big picture, though. Zaphod Braden 
Eerily close – Who is John Galt? 😉 watchmannonthewall 
Maybe if Trump is elected TPTB will close up shop and just disappear and leave the good old US of A to fend for itself since voters didn't want to go along with their program. History repeats. Oh, sorry! That first was the book! sistersoldier 
I think the bomb shell that Trump dropped after winning the GOP nomination left a bad taste in the mouths of his supporters. He reported that he is not self funding the general election but rather will put together a finance committee with ties to George Soros to help raise the money to defeat Hillary. I'm not sure but I think that some are suffering a hangover this morning as it is now apparent you cannot be a DC insider with out enlisting DC aid. Only the future will tell the whole story. But you are correct about the book. 😀 watchmannonthewall 
Don't know if you ever heard of Larry Burkett, was a mentor of Dave Ramsey. He wrote one novel, 'The Illuminati” about 1990 before his death. Seems a lot of what was in the book are actually being played out in events of today in the US. 
It will be very interesting, and seems most likely, if Trump were to chose a running mate with strong ties to inside the Beltway and spcifically (though not actually known) with the elite. In the book, the president the people wanted but the elite didn't, was forced to chose a female VP the elite wanted and then they orchestrated events such that the Pres had to step down and, wow, they still got what they wanted! Interesting times!! sistersoldier 
Wow! That is compelling! No I am not familiar with Larry Burkett but I most certainly will search to see if one of my local libraries has the novel you mentioned. If I am able to find it I will work it in with my fishing trip this weekend – if the fish are not biting I will be gearing up for the next leg of this race. We must enjoy the simple things while they last. Thanks for the heads up! watchmannonthewall 
If I remember correctly Larry said, in the Forward, the only reason he wrote the book was because so many Christians were asking him to write a novel where he would lay out the events he thought would be most likely to occur to bring the anti-christ to power. When I read the book I sensed the content may have been prompted by the Holy Spirit, and Larry may have been more acccurate on events than he could have hoped for or dreamed. Funny thing is, I came across the book as a throwaway, cleaning out lockers, at an assembly plant I worked at 15 years ago. I need to get it out again and reread it. The book started with a major earthquake in Japan. sistersoldier 
I must find it! You appear to be a fellow truth seeker and the similarities to what is going on today appear to be striking to say the least. There is just too much going on in the world today and so much has been hidden from the masses that the truth is often buried in our past or by those who were not afraid to print what the Holy Spirit was leading them to do for a time such as this! Good information and good post! Bill 
It is great to read good economic discourse and understand the true picture. Now let's get to some solutions. Chris 
Work hard. Stay out of debt. Save . greyprepper 
And don't forget to PREP! 😉 All_has_An _END_. 
Great advise. I have done the last 2 for years. 
The first one, not so much. Guest 
For some, staying out of debt and saving is hard work (as in self-discipline). If you fit in either one of those two categories, then you can say the first one applies to you, too. grumpyhillbilly 
Between the decades of lousy education and mass drug use, there is no simple fix. Steming the inflow of poverty might be a good start. End the war on men, especially white ones, would be another. And killing the Fed. Chris 
Forget the trains!! What about the super volcano in the Yellowstone? The Zika virus? Jade Helm? The Illuminati? The housing bubble? The Fed? Low interest rates? Oil bubble? AAAAGGG Evan Elliott 
My thoughts exactly. Such a confluence of events all at once…. Richard O. Mann 
Information overload. Oh yeah, that is problem too. Yes, it is an exciting time to be alive. Something about the tech market bubble deflating on one of the morning report programs. May have been Fox. Think I'll take a nap. Gay Veteran 
not to mention outrage overload CASTIEL 
one problem at a time friend K 
In my area it was defiantly the war on coal, that killed the trains. Coal trains was about all that ran on the line. In my case it was CSX that was involved. Quite a few people were laid off. Because it ended up closing a repair shop for the railroad. People do not understand why Trump has the support, he has. Simple, people are sick and tired of D.C. making decisions, that cost them their jobs. It is really just that simple. When D.C. boasts they shut down the coal industry. You will have to excuse coal men, and railroad personnel for not cheering. SmallerGovNow2 
great post k, thanks… Steeve Girard 
Even if the coal men did decide, it would not last long, because the coal they would produce would not be in acceptable standards for the buyers, for very long. K 
Would have to disagree, because I lived it. I live in the smoky mountains in Tn. Every winter, I could tell you how cold it was in Virginia, by how much smoke was in my area. This was from the coal fired electrical plants. Then around 2010 it all changed. The latest filters were installed on the stacks, and you know what. They worked. I seldom saw smoke during the winter. When it was cold enough. The ice went from opaque to being perfectly clear. But they had already decided to kill coal. So no amount of improvement mattered. The simple fact is. Once D.C. makes a decision, no amount of facts will make a difference. Their arrogance knows no bounds. sistersoldier 
Yes indeed ‘K' I agree. States such as Indiana, Kentucky, Virginia(s) are all under the same mandate by the 'EPA” (supposedly) to reduce carbon emissions 32% by the year 2030. Converting the coal plants to natural gas which is reported to be cheaper and cleaner energy is underway where I live and near completion. There are trains collecting rust in my town as well. There is also a spike in my area of solar powered energy. Solar panels and equipment sales are soaring. Currently under construction are solar powered businesses, hotels, homes, new police station and state of the art hospital. I am not surprised to see the trains parked as they say 'the only thing that is constant is change.” jsmith 
Coal is an asset that this country has relied on for ages. And as you pointed out, much cleaner, and through the process of hydrogenation a cleaner gasoline than fracking can be made. I just can't understand if the Germans were relying on hydrogenation during WW2, why haven't we done it? Steeve Girard 
It does not matter where the mercury ends, in the environment or the filters as you say. It's the quality of coal that is the problem: it's EROEI, Coal is getting more and more costly to produce and contains more impurities with passing time. It is only a matter of time before, it's grade is not acceptable. Mark 
Good observation and agree. mtntrek3 
Coal will always have a part in the energy sector, but I'm not seeing it returning to levels in the days of yesteryear. I've suffered job losses because of the downturn in coal as well. The thing is all of the shale gas production has brought natural gas cost down considerably in the country, and of course gas burns cleaner. It has an unfair advantage in that respect over coal easily. We need some suitable substitutes for the coal industry jobs lost in the country for sure. If corporate greed would stand aside to allow our jobs to come back to the country……. it would be a big help. We manufacture little of what we use/consume in the country. Globalism is another factor in all of this. God help. Mike_Travis 
Coal would be much less expensive were it not for the insane regulations that no one else in the world follows. Besides, it is NOT a function of the government to choose winners and losers in the market, nor is it within their power to CREATE losers which they frequently do. 
Globalism is the driving force behind all this mess which is why we are in this mess as governments everywhere WANT a collapse so they can force their criminal NWO on us all, then rule over us as subjects, NOT citizens. mtntrek3 
Yes…. globalism being pushed by the powers that be in this world the main problem. We don't need all the reg's on coal , but some are needed to keep pollution down. Nat. gas very cheap now and burns cleaner that coal that's been scrubbed…….. so that's why coal is hurting so much now. Coal may make somewhat of a comeback in the future depending on what happens to gas production and geopolitical events here/worldwide. XSANDIEGOCA 
'How did you go bankrupt?” 
Two ways. Gradually, then suddenly.” – Hemingway 
We have been through the Gradual part. We may be on the cusp of the Sudden Part. Guest 
Excellent post. Many 'suddenlies” yet to happen. sistersoldier 
'It is easier, more delightful, and more profitable to build with other peoples' money than our own.” 
So now we are beginning to see what happens when the powers that be run out of OTHER peoples' money. The economy derails and stalls. David 
There is an old saying about putting lipstick on a Pig and it's still a pig. I think Obama & our economists that are so optimistic about our economy are running out of lipstick. Deny what you can & downplay what you can't seems to be DC Policy these days. as much as I love my country & miss the days of prosperity I would rather be told the Ugly truth about what is happening with our economy than to be lied to on a daily basis. Randy 
  that truth since 1996, the year I found out just how the world wide fiat paper currency/electronic bookkeeping entry financial system scam is actually set up and runs! And who wanted to listen to me and take real steps to get out of the way of that runaway train that is going to fly off the rails when it hits the curve? NOBODY!! Everyone I talked to said that I was a nut job, didn't know what I was talking about, et cetera, except for one guy. He did some preps, but then let life get in the way and undid most of it. Now he and his family are left standing nearly naked out in the cold night air. 1996 was also the year I wrote my first treatise on the subject, called What is Money? and it was ignored by most whom I shared it with. Steeve Girard 
You can't make blind people read or deaf people hear. Randy 
Yes, I have seen that over and over again. But I still do my best to give them sight and make them hear. Mark Sivad 
Where I live in South Texas, I see many fairly new tank cars and bottom-dropping bulk carriers similarly stockpiled in places they never have been before (causing some local cities to complain). Must have been a tremendous over-building in all aspects of rail in recent years. LIZ THE SHIZ 
my future son in law just got back from Barcelona which is one of the busiest ports in the world and the commercial side was completely shut down , something's going on??? jox 
They keep changing the way GDP is calculated, so perhaps we will never see another recession, no matter what the true economic output is. Joltin Joe 
All the government numbers are HIGHLY manipulated at best, and flat out lies most of the time. DareToCreateYourBestLife 
All statistics coming from DC are manipulated now. John 
Living in Arizona I have seen these train engines, what a sight. Scott Pease 
But, you ain't seen nothing yet. Bu,bu,baby,you ain't seen nothing yet. TellTheTruth-2 
I made the same observation when I saw over 100 engines sitting idle in the Roseville, California Union Pacific freight yard. BIGOTIST 
Rail workers? another 'special” group of overpaid, over benefitted extortionists- Hopefully the thieves will all lose their job?~ JustBill 
If the train derailment risk calculation uses these metrics: number of active locomotives, and miles logged by locomotives with no change to maintenance of both locomotives and rail equipment then we may see fewer train derailments. I've found a bit of sunshine in the storm. All_has_An _END_. 
Make no mistake about it ,after the election it is all down hill. I also think the elites will do anything to stop Trump. We could see a major revolt if Hitlary wins JustBill 
The largest overcapacity of any productive item on the planet is the human. JustBill 
If the American household is the center of the American economy, then the products and services it purchases, the wages earned by and the taxes/rent from collected from would drive the economy. 
If the economy and financial systems were not artificial then I think Production and Consumption would be shackled together. 
We've been provided data that displays the retail slowdown, slowdown of both CONUS and OCONUS shipping, decreasing velocity of money, and many traditional concrete indicators of activity and economic health and all are trending down. 
Collapse or not nothing financial or economically appear to be healthy. 
Is this the new normal? Are we treading Water? Ex Tempus 
….these idle trains should be transporting all of the hot selling Government Motors cars, throughout North America! toktomi 
I would offer that you probably should verify your source information before generating conclusions based on that information. 
As best as I can deduce from investigating the images of the engines, these pictures are two or three years old. I am not offering that as fact but merely as the best information that I can find in short order. 
~toktomi~ jamesgwolfe 
Come on you guys. They have put out there for some R&R and to soak up some rays. mister_roboto 
The same would be true if a caucasian member of the other major party were sitting in the Oval Office right now. Obama is as bought and paid for as nearly any other politician, so he says exactly what he is payed and commanded to say. The Kool-Aid drinkers of both of the major parties who are in the economic top 20%, as well as those who identify with them, have been increasingly adopted what I would call a 'prison guard” sort of mentality towards the rest of society! House of Cards 
The most alarming stat here is the crashing velocity of money, how fast money changes hands. If money isn't changing hands often, then the economy is slowing, period. These zero interest rates are creating more distortions. And the fact that the velocity of money is crashing along with zero rates is quite alarming. A major divergence. This cannot continue indefinitely. Orange Jean 
I wouldn't put too much stock in a photo from Goggle Earth showing a bunch of trains in the desert… unless there was other data proving they are idle. 
Years ago I took Amtrack cross country (from New Orleans to Chicago and then from Chicago to Orange County, CA). Going through the desert they had to stop and creep … no more than 30 mph they said because it was too hot and if it gets too hot the train could derail. We were 11 hrs late getting into CA from the last leg of my journey where I stopped in SLC for a week. WTP1776 
Obama promised that he would destroy the coal industry. sharonsj 
Well, if the stupid politicians had not taken bribes from the auto and gas industry, we might still have a functioning rail system instead so that ordinary people could still travel by train. 
I live in a rural area with no public transportation. All the small towns still have a rail line (and railroad stations) that are hardly used. If I could take a trail to the big city for shopping and entertainment, I would do it a minute. 
Meanwhile, as the rich get richer and the rest of us are impoverished, there is no extra money for us to buy anything other than the necessities. angie hoekstra 
Helpful writing . For my two cents , if someone has been looking for a YMCA Trading Post & Warm Fuzzies , my assistant encountered a sample form here https://goo.gl/tM1Tbq DIONNA CRIMMINS 
Good article, Thanks!

ARTICLE

Do You Believe In Miracles? By Michael Snyder, on November 9th, 2016 
We have never seen anything like this in the history of American politics. Donald Trump's shocking victory on election night is nothing short of a modern day miracle. Several weeks ago I told my readers that it would take the biggest political miracle ever in order for Trump to win, and I had been strongly urging them to vote , but even early on election night I was skeptical that Trump could actually pull it off. Initially the results coming out of Florida, North Carolina and Ohio looked rather ominous, and a lot of Trump supporters were freaking out. But those initial numbers strongly reflected early voting results, and those results typically favor Democrats. Once the Election Day numbers started rolling in, it was clear that there was a massive unanticipated wave of momentum for Trump. 
Once I saw that Virginia was going to be much more tightly contested than anticipated and that Trump had jumped out to a lead in Michigan, I realized that Trump had a really good shot at winning the whole thing. Over Skype I told a stunned audience that the numbers were looking really good for Trump, but it was still so early in the evening that I don't know if a lot of people believed me. And I certainly didn't blame them, because I could hardly believe it myself. 
Once Trump took the lead for good in Pennsylvania, I knew that it was all over. My wife and I looked at each other in disbelief, and we are still trying to come to grips with a future that we didn't think was possible. 
Watching Donald Trump speak to the American people after he had been declared the winner was a surreal experience. At this moment, it still doesn't seem real to me that he could become the next president of the United States a little more than two months from now. But at this point it looks like that is precisely what is going to happen. 
After it was all over, I kind of stumbled around my home lost in my thoughts. I was happy, confused, hopeful, stunned and pensive all at the same time. Like so many others, what I thought I knew about politics turned out to be wrong. But in other ways, the election of Donald Trump has confirmed so much of what I know to be right about America. 
Ultimately, it was the American people that decided this election, because the elite were doing their best to absolutely bury him. 
Never before has the mainstream media been so openly biased against a major party presidential candidate. For months on end they dumped sewage on Trump, but it didn't work. 
Never before has a major party presidential candidate faced a civil war in his own party on the eve of the election. A whole host of big names in the Republican Party publicly announced that they would not vote for Trump, but it didn't work. 
Never before have we seen a bigger October surprise than the lewd tape from 11 year ago that came out and shocked the world. That would have instantly killed the campaign of any normal politician, but it didn't kill Trump's campaign. 
From the very beginning it seemed like Trump was at war with almost everyone, and somehow he came out on top in the end. 
He beat the Bushes and the Clintons. 
He beat the Republicans and the Democrats. 
He beat Hollywood and the mainstream media. 
He beat the pollsters and the pundits. 
He beat the never-Trumpers and the billionaire donors. 
He beat Miley Cyrus, Katy Perry, Lady Gaga, Jay Z, Beyonce, George Clooney, Matt Damon and Lebron James. 
He beat the forces of globalism, elitism and political correctness. 
He beat CNN, Fox News, MSNBC and Barack Obama. 
He beat them all. 
Of course Donald Trump is not perfect and he is not going to be a perfect president. 
But this is about as perfect a moment as you are going to get in American politics. 
Donald Trump took on the entire American political universe and he won. 
We have never seen anything like it before, and I doubt we will ever see anything like it again. 
And I want to apologize for being so skeptical to those that kept trying to tell me that Trump was going to win. As a former attorney, I was trained to be skeptical and to look at the cold, hard numbers. And the cold, hard numbers kept telling me that a Trump victory was nearly impossible. 
I kept strongly urging people to vote, particularly because the prospect of a Hillary Clinton presidency was absolutely horrifying for me personally, but I was not optimistic. 
In hindsight, perhaps we all should have recognized that the signs were there. For example, it seems a very strange 'coincidence” that Donald Trump will be 70 years, 7 months and 7 days old on his first full day as president of the United States. This is a man that appears to have had a date with destiny, and we shall see what happens in the months to come. 
Yes, there will be great challenges ahead, but those discussions are for another day. 
Today I am just happy. 
I am happy that the American people have elected a man that I will be proud to call president. 
And I am happy that we are not going to have to endure four years under the most wicked, vile and corrupt politician that the United States has ever seen. 
Against all odds, Donald Trump won. 
At this point I am not exactly sure what comes next for America, but things are definitely looking a lot brighter today than they did yesterday. BATTLE LOG 
You missed one! 
He beat the radical, far left trolls that frequent this website and harass conservatives and religious folk alike! 
Bwahahahaaaa!!!! 
She's having a nervous breakdown. Mad Monkey 
As predicted the 'Trump' has blown long and loud, I am shocked at the stocks market upswing and drop in gold price….. Apparently the guys at wall street were booing Clinton during her concession speech,… It is all a bit wired, so much lies from mainstream media. Mondobeyondo 
Nearly every mainstream media poll had Clinton beating Trump. They were just salivating over a Clinton victory. The champagne was even on ice. 
In the immortal words of Yogi Berra, 'It ain't over till it's over”. DB200 
Mondo, same thing for the Brexit. Either people don't tell what they think when they are polled or the polls are manipulated/fixed by the MSM. 
Coming year there will be elections in several countries in Europe and it is possible that extreme right (= Eurospeak for real Republicans) will win more votes than the polls suggest. If for instance Marine le Pen wins the French presidency, that may end the euro and even the EU. 
Fact is that ordinary people are fed up with the political elites. df NJ 
New Jersey rules this country! 
New Jersey is a lot like Galilee, everyone thinks it's a shiite hole. Jim 
Many alt media sites predicted a Trump win and you could not help but see it if you were paying attention . ie crowds and signs for Trump etc. df NJ 
I think the miracle is God intervened and stopped the voter fraud. alan 
I think there was fraud it just wasn't enough. Brian 
I thought Brexit was a Miracle but what transpired last night easily TRUMPS that! ;-D Amazing Grace 
Trump VS. The American Aristocracy 
David VS. Goliath. Satirist 1976 
America definitely made the wrong move. It saddens me that Hillary was unjustly vilified. Hillary is devoted to her country. Also she is a champion of woman's rights, the environment, and tolerance. 
When it comes to understanding the importance of protecting the environment Trump is at the apex of ignorance. He wants to undo the Clean Air act and dismantle the Paris accord. Global warming is a serious issue that must be dealt with urgently. 
The unemployment rate is at 4.9% Since the height of the recession the unemployment rate has dropped by more than half. 
America has enjoyed over 6 straight years of private sector job growth. 
Yearly GDP has finished positive for 6 straight years. 
PMI indexes have been consistently over 50. A reading over 50 indicates expansion. 
Obamacare is a gift from God. It will end up saving thousands of lives. 
Millions of Americans have become more cognizant of the importance of respecting and not marginalizing minorities. 
Weekly unemployment claims have been under 300K for over 80 straight weeks. The longest such streak in over 40 years. 
Americans everywhere should thank Obama for his faithful service to America. kfilly 
You can quote Reich propaganda all you want. Hitlery would have brought you World War 3 shooting down Russina jets with her 'no fly zone” in a country we should not even be fighting over (Syria). chris 
'Hilary is devoted to her country' !!!! And which country is that? i ask because it certainly ain't the USA. AWM 
Michael……maybe now you can start blogging about more inspirational stories and ideals, and try to bring hope to people rather than the gloom and doom that pours from your sad self. Maybe you need to be on an antidepressant, it's worth looking into at least. You claim to be a man of God, but I understand a true believer in God has faith and hope in all things, not doubt and worry. Pray for healing and give your worries to your savior. kathym2 
I think people finally woke up. K 
Yes, far more than the numbers indicate.You see I believe the landslide was so great it overcame the fraud and the manipulation. I believe that God in his mercy, gave us one last chance. A chance to turn from the evil this Country has become.If we waste this chance. I would not expect, to be thrown another lifeline. kfilly 
I still see something far more sinister behind this. I want to see if Trump sticks to the Constitution or becomes a tyrant by usurping it. As far as the sinister part, I potentially see conservative/freedom movements getting set up for the coming global economic collapse. The freedom Brexit movement and now the election of Donald Trump ensure two of the biggest players in the Western World can wreak a lot of havoc on the global economic system. I fear the elite will collapse the economy in 3, 2, 1. These people have back up plans for their plans. They will not give up simply because their favorite puppet lost. I see a potential future where freedom lovers get blamed for the destruction of the economy that was intentionally destroyed by globalists (communists) which is similar to what Nazi Germany did to the Jews. greanfinisher . 
I wouldn't describe the Trump upset as a miracle, but rather a travesty. Well, you people bought him so now you will have to pay. chris 
Just as in the UK Brexit vote the result will bring out the sour grapes and the sore losers. old geezer 
If we was able to survive 8 years of a Muslim Terrorist in the White House, I think we can manage to survive 4 to 8 years with an American Patriot. DB200 
A millionaire and a TV personality will be the next US president. Sounds like 'Berlusconi” to me. So at least it will be entertaining the coming years as Mr. Trump is a more colourful person than Mr. Obama. 
Nevertheless, a major achievement given the obstacles he had to overcome. BrentAH 
Michael, here's what you failed to take into account — people all over the world who were on their knees begging God to grant America a reprieve. AKMark 
Spot on Michael and Maranda! My wife and I felt the same watching and listening to the last minute skeptics on Fox, Juan Williams and a few others. We believed from near the beginning of Donald Trumps campaign that He was God's chosen. I don't think anyone who believed in Donald Trump didn't feel at times because of the overwhelming criticism by, as you listed, so many Americans in all venues of people, even Christians! We all prayed more for Donald Trump and his family more than any other candidate for president, and for good reasons, as you stated. Right On! Now, the work begins though. As in everything good, it never comes easy. Our Lord is now requiring of us to pray not only for Donald Trump and his safety, safety of his family, but for all America to put their trust in God once again, not for just a few weeks or a month as in the past. This will be a long time of diligent prayer, humility and trusting the Lord. The enemy is dug in already in America and will not give up easily. We need to focus on Jesus, pray for revival and especially for our own protection. The hardest thing I see right now is for us to ” Love our enemies and pray for them.” But that is what our Lord Jesus Christ is asking us to do. We must trust and obey Christ in this command. If we don't do it now in the divided USA, we will not succeed. Our heavenly Father has given us all we need to succeed in loving our enemies who are against the Lord's will. He has given us His Spirit, the Holy Spirit to overcome. We have the commissioned assignment, the Authority of Christ…now we just need to get with it immediately. The Victory is in Jesus. The Lord bless America and His people, in Jesus name. JC Teecher 
I am with you on the thumbs up for Michael and Meranda. They are true soldiers on the battlefield for Christ. another true soldier on the political battlefield is our new (soon to be) Vice president of the US of A, Mike Pence. 
He is the chosen one sent to right the wrongs of the evil doers that have controlled the White House, and rented it out for personal gain since 1988. 
When a man and his family walks up on the stage, and first thing said is to thank God and for His mercy and grace, then we have a true leader. Trump is not an evil man, but prefers to keep his spiritual self separate from his business self. The potus position for him is 'all” business, and with a strong amount of compassion for all peoples, from all walks of life, and all skin colors. 
He is not a selfish man or a hater of women like the left wants to portray him. he will do all he can to right the ship that has been listing for almost 30 years. he just may be the deadly wound spoken of in Revelation. Since one of the Seven heads is the USA, as a superpower, it could be that it becomes the one head that becomes a wound or set back to the NWO system. Voila' and Eureka. Why hasn't any of the so-called evangelical leaders thought of this or received the unction from the Spirit, as to this possibility? 
Because they haven't asked, is the only reasoning I can come up with. Anyways, the times are bringing about prophetic enlightenments and revelations, that has never been before, and we are entering the last of days..aks asin the last of years, decade and some. Amen! Satirist 1976 
Even though heroic Hillary lost, love will always Trump hate. alan 
20 trillion in debt isn't going away anytime soon. We'll see if the Titanic makes it to port. JB 
I'm not sure what comes next either, but we should praise the Lord for the opportunity. A lot can happen over the next couple of months and I'm sure the forces of darkness are anything but done. We should also continue to pray for God's continued (undeserved) blessing. It's the 'not knowing what comes next” that keeps us on our knees before Him. Trumpet 
I told you so from the begining, he is DA MAN. Paul Reynolds 
'Meet the New Boss, same as the Old Boss”. How easily people are fooled. Cheeto Jesus will save us!! LOL Go back to church and pray some more. biglipnagger 
Pride is the word of the day today for me, too. Priszilla 
Now imagine the losers are calling FRAUD. Temujin 
Goldman Sachs stocks are up 5.89%. My biggest question is: Isn't he just as much a part of the establishment and the whole thing just a show…? JC Teecher 
I can't imagine anything negative about a Trump win over the crap we have had for the past 30 years or so as potus-n-dungus-among-us. What I do know is this………Melania will be the most exotic and most royality-like First Lady, that we have had in decades. 
Jackie-O was a gracious and very lady like woman, and put up with Jack's adulterous affairs and such, but none have been as stunning and intelligent as Melania Trump. 
She will bring an essence of the spirit of the woman into the White House, that it hasn't seen since Eleanor Roosevelt. She was the most proactive woman advocate for Human Rights that ever held the title as First Lady. 
Ladybird Johnson was a very close second in my book, and I have the 'claim to fame” of having been privileged to sit in the same seat she sat in, in her private/personal limo. it was just a lucky moment in time, after her death, and a silk rose lay in the seat as a reminder of her work as in her Beautification Campaign. 
sad to say their husbands turned out to be stepping stones for the Banksters One World order agenda, or better said…pawns. David R.(Canada) 
Why am I not able to log-in using Disqus?

ARTICLE

After This October Surprise, Donald Trump Only Has One Option Left: Expose The Clinton Crimes Michael On Television Democrats Are Now Calling For A 'Revolution In The Streets', And I Believe That They Are Quite Serious By Michael Snyder, on November 13th, 2016 
The surprise victory by Donald Trump on November 8th has spawned a series of violent protests and riots all over the nation as stunned leftists continue to throw the largest post-election temper tantrum in U.S. history. Protesters in large cities all across America have been disrupting public transportation, looting stores, hurling objects at the police and burning Trump in effigy. There have even been shootings at anti-Trump rallies in Seattle and in Portland . Hundreds of protesters have been arrested so far, and organizers are promising that this is only just the beginning. Meanwhile, large numbers of enraged leftists are physically threatening Trump on Twitter , and some are even calling for a violent revolution. Sadly, I believe that they are quite serious about this. 
Even some big celebrity names are starting to use the word 'revolution” in messages to their followers. On Twitter, Katy Perry has ominously warned that ' the revolution is coming ', and comedian Sarah Silverman has boldly declared that ' Trump gets a chance to hear us (or else we R them) If he fails REVOLUTION IN THE STREETS '. 
Of course other leftists are seeking less violent ways to oppose Trump. There is a major push to use the electoral college to block a Trump presidency, if that fails there are many hoping to immediately impeach Trump once he takes office, and other activists such as former Labor Secretary Robert Reich are calling for a new third party if their planned post-election takeover of the Democratic Party is not successful. 
But for many on the radical left the time for patience is over. The 'Not My President” movement is taking off like a rocket, and one survey found that only 58 percent of all Clinton supporters consider Trump's victory to be legitimate. A protest near Trump Tower in New York City on Saturday drew approximately 25,000 people, and USA Today reported that the anti-Trump protest in Portland, Oregon on Saturday night rapidly ' devolved into a riot '. 
It is becoming clear that these protests are not going away any time soon, and some are even beginning to refer to this movement as 'the Purple Revolution” … 
No sooner had Trump been declared the 45 th president of the United States, Soros-funded political operations launched their activities to disrupt Trump during Obama's lame-duck period and thereafter. The swiftness of the Purple Revolution is reminiscent of the speed at which protesters hit the streets of Kiev, the Ukrainian capital, in two Orange Revolutions sponsored by Soros, one in 2004 and the other, ten years later, in 2014. 
As the Clintons were embracing purple in New York, street demonstrations, some violent, all coordinated by the Soros-funded Moveon.org and Black Lives Matter, broke out in New York, Los Angeles, Chicago, Oakland, Nashville, Cleveland, Washington, Austin, Seattle, Philadelphia, Richmond, St. Paul, Kansas City, Omaha, San Francisco, and some 200 other cities across the United States. 
So could we actually see a violent revolution on the streets of America? 
Is the radical left really so horrified by the prospect of a Trump presidency that they would actually be willing to engage in a prolonged campaign of chaos, violence and physical intimidation? 
Well, the Oath Keepers are so concerned about what this movement could become that they have initiated an intelligence gathering operation that they are calling 'Operation HYPO” … 
Clearly as Oath Keepers, we cannot simply sit around and watch while the enemies of liberty work to use violence to initiate a communist revolution in our country. As a result of the intelligence being provided by our Operation Sabot operatives, we have initiated Operation HYPO. We have allowed our personnel to burrow deep inside these protest organizations to collect information regarding tactics, motivations, schedules and logistics. 
We had operatives at the planning meetings for the protests that occurred last evening in Baltimore, MD and Philadelphia, PA . Our operatives have also penetrated numerous other planning organizations in cities across the country. For OPSEC reasons, the precise list of cities we are operating in will not be publicly disclosed. 
And one thing that we already know is that the radical left is hoping to organize the largest political protest in United States history in Washington D.C. on Inauguration Day. I will be writing about this later today on The Most Important News . 
The election of Donald Trump has been the single most galvanizing event for the radical left that we have seen in decades. One of the early leaders of the 'Not My President” movement is filmmaker Michael Moore, and the following are three of his key action points which he feels must be implemented immediately … 
1. Must quickly and decisively form an opposition movement, the likes of which hasn't been seen since the 1960s. I will do my part to help lead this as I'm sure many others (Bernie, Elizabeth Warren, MoveOn, the hip-hop community, DFA, etc.) will, too. The core of this opposition force will be fueled by young people who, as with Occupy Wall Street and Black Lives Matter, don't tolerate b.s. and are relentless in their resistance to authority. They have no interest in compromising with racists and misogynists. 2. Prepare to impeach Trump. Just as the Republicans were already planning to do with President Hillary from Day One, we must organize the apparatus that will bring charges against him when he violates his oath and breaks the law — and then we must remove him from office. 3. Must commit right now to a vigorous fight (including civil disobedience, if necessary)which will block any and all Donald Trump Supreme Court nominees who do not meet our approval. We demand the Democrats in the Senate aggressively filibuster any nominees who support Citizens United or who oppose the rights of women, immigrants and the poor. This is non-negotiable. 
But of course other liberals are still in the 'shock and disbelief” stage. As I have stated before, Americans were more emotionally invested in this election than they had been in any election in decades, and the aftermath has not been pretty. 
This has been particularly true on college campuses all over the nation. According to the New York Post , college administrators have been going to extraordinary lengths to soothe the deep emotional pain that many of their students are experiencing…  The University of Michigan offered its traumatized students coloring books and Play-Doh to calm them. (Are its students in college or kindergarten?)  The University of Kansas reminded its stressed-out kids that therapy dogs, a regular campus feature, were available.  Cornell University, an Ivy League school, held a campus-wide 'cry-in,” with officials handing out tissues and hot chocolate.  Tufts University offered its devastated students arts and crafts sessions. (OK, not kindergarten — more like summer camp.)  At campuses from elite Yale to Connecticut to Iowa and beyond, professors canceled classes and/or exams — either because students asked or because instructors were too distraught to teach. 
And it is also being reported that suicide hotlines are ringing off the hook all over the nation. 
We have never seen anything like this ever before, and I have a feeling that this 'Not My President” movement is going to absolutely dwarf the 'Occupy Wall Street” and 'Black Lives Matter” movements. And considering the very high levels of anger, frustration and pain that these radical leftists are feeling, it is easy to see how this movement could become very violent. 
Many patriots, conservatives and Christians were hoping that Donald Trump could bring America together and lead us into a new era of peace and prosperity, but the radical left already hates Trump more than any president that has ever come before him. 
It isn't going to take much to push the radical left over the edge, and if that happens we could see endless chaos, violence and civil unrest for the next four years.

ARTICLE

The Election Of Donald Trump Is Already Having An Enormous Impact On The Economy   14th, 2016 
  sent shockwaves through the U.S. economy and the U.S. financial system. Since November 8th, the Dow has hit a brand new all-time record high , the U.S. dollar has strengthened greatly, and bank stocks are way up. But not all of the economic news is good news. Unlike stocks, bonds have reacted very negatively to Trump's election victory. The past week has been an absolute bloodbath for bond traders, and as you will see below this is going to have dramatic implications for all U.S. consumers moving forward. 
Over just a two day period, more than a trillion dollars was wiped out as bond yields spiked all over the globe. As CNN has noted , this type of 'violent reaction” in the bond market has only happened three other times within the past ten years… 
The rate on 10-year Treasury notes has surged to 2.3%, from 1.77% before the election. Last week's spike in Treasury rates was so big, that it had only happened three times before in the last decade. 
BlackRock's Russ Koesterich called it a 'violent reaction.” 
The move stands to have broad repercussions for all Americans. Not only will the U.S. government have to pay more to borrow money, but mortgage rates and car loan costs should also rise. That's because Treasuries are used as the benchmark for many other forms of credit. 
As interest rates rise, virtually everyone in our society is going to feel the pain. 
Those that need an auto loan in order to purchase a vehicle are going to find that loan payments are significantly higher than they were before. 
Credit card rates will also go up, and those just getting out of school will discover that their student loan payments are even more suffocating. 
But the biggest impact will be felt in the housing market. The average rate on a 30-year fixed mortgage just hit the psychologically-important 4 percent barrier, and that could mean big trouble for the housing market in 2017 … 
The average contract rate on the popular 30-year fixed mortgage hit 4 percent, according to Mortgage News Daily, a level most didn't expect to see until the middle of next year. Rates have now moved nearly a half a percentage point higher since Donald Trump was elected president. 
'The situation on the ground is panicked. Damage control,” said Matthew Graham, chief operating officer of Mortgage News Daily. 'People were trying to lock loans quickly last week and are now facing a tough choice to lock today or hope for a bounce. Many hoped for a bounce last week heading into the long weekend and we obviously didn't get it.” 
Rising interest rates was one of the key factors that precipitated the financial crisis of 2008, and many fear that it could happen again. 
And without a doubt, this rise in rates is going to affect the affordability of homes that are already on the market … 
'If you're going to buy a house and your mortgage payment went up by $200 or $300, you may buy a smaller house. There's impact on interest rate sensitive sectors, like autos and housing, and also corporate bonds themselves, where financial engineering has helped juice up the equity market,” said George Goncalves, head of rate strategy at Nomura. 
In addition, rising rates will make it more difficult for those with adjustable rate mortgages to keep their homes. Foreclosure activity was already up 27 percent during the month of October, and many are projecting that we could see another giant spike in foreclosures during the months ahead that is similar to what we saw during the last financial crisis. 
Many Trump supporters don't really care what the rest of the world thinks of our new president, but this is an area where what the rest of the world thinks really, really matters. 
The truth is that the rest of the planet is not all too fond of Trump, and if that makes them a lot less eager to lend us money that is a major problem. 
The only way that we can maintain our massively inflated debt-fueled standard of living is to continue to borrow gigantic mountains of money from the rest of the world at ultra-low interest rates. 
If the rest of the world starts demanding higher rates of return now that Trump is president, we are going to experience economic pain on a scale that most Americans don't believe is possible. 
One of our big lenders has been China, and right now they are deeply   a Trump presidency might mean. Trump has talked very tough about trade with China, and the Chinese are gearing up for a major trade war. The following comes from CNBC … 
During his election campaign this year, Trump spoke of a 45 percent import tariff on all Chinese goods while failing to outline how it would work. Should any such policy come into effect, China will take a 'tit-for-tat approach”, according to an opinion piece in the Global Times , a newspaper backed by the Communist party. 
'A batch of Boeing orders will be replaced by Airbus. U.S. auto and iPhone sales in China will suffer a setback, and U.S. soybean and maize imports will be halted. China can also limit the number of Chinese students studying in the U.S.,” the Global Times article read. 
Most Trump supporters assume that since Trump has been a very successful businessman that he will be able to strengthen the U.S. economy. 
But it isn't that simple. 
The only reason we are able to live the way that we live today is because we have been able to borrow trillions upon trillions of dollars at irrationally low interest rates. 
The moment the rest of the world decides that they are not going to loan us money at irrationally low interest rates any longer the game is over, and it won't really matter who is in the White House at that point. 
So watch interest rates very carefully. If they keep going up, it is inevitable that a major economic slowdown will follow no matter what economic policies the new Trump administration implements. November 14th, 2016 | Tags: Bank Stocks , Bond Crash , Bond Traders , Bonds , Donald Trump , Economic News , Feel The Pain , Financial , Foreclosure , Foreclosure Activity , Foreclosure Activity Rising , Foreclosure Help , Foreclosures , Foreclosures Rising , Good News , Home Foreclosures , Pain , Stocks , The Dollar , The Dow , The Pain , The Stock Market , The U.S. Dollar , The U.S. Economy , The U.S. Financial System , Trump , U.S. Consumers | Category: Housing Crash , The Economy   » mleblanc138 
Crash and burn house prices, crash and burn. Houses go sky high while wages remain stagnant, not sustainable. Time for a correction, an excessive correction. Genada 
To lose weight you have to take some pain. Eat less, work out. Same goes with making our economy work for Americans. We are going to need to take some pain to be able to improve the economy and make it work for every American and not just the top. 
The rates had to go up, they couldn't really go down anymore and it's going to have some negative impacts but those impacts are due to living beyond our means and making bad choices. Now we will need to pay for that a bit. 
Lack of lending from others will require us to produce at all and that's a good thing. Producing at home will lead to more jobs and make us less depend on others less. 
Then the final major truth about the world economy is and you have detailed many times is that the world's debt is far in excess of what can be payed. It's time for write downs and admit this. Then after the pain of that to put things in place to prevent this from happening again. retired22 
Ultimately we have them all by the gonads. With the EU sinking into bankruptcy America will be the last major consumer market left standing The American consumer economy is over 70% of the total economy! The exporting nations have no where else to sell their consumer products & raw materials,they will need to keep the American economy afloat! As for the debt,it will never be paid,it will be rolled over indefinitely. Also,…there will be financial chaos around the world when America drops the hammer on the outside world. Most of the big money from outside will be drawn to America for security,…South Florida is already a haven for wealthy Venezuelans who had money parked here for hard times in their homeland.California is in a similar situation with offshore Chinese wealth! Most of the world is part of a global financial system based on American dollars as the world's reserve currency.A large part of the world are,in effect, provinces in an American financial empire,.America is their banker,they can't extricate themselves from the Dollar & America. Paul Anders 
Bottom line, is one day soon this house of cards is coming down…Trump or no Trump. But if he can drain the swamp and get the political cesspool back on track, I think it's worth the pain. Pain is coming sooner or later anyways… retired22 
The main thing is to get rid of the Central Bankers & get a leash on the F.I.R.E economy,which is mostly huge overhead & is sucking the life out of the real productive economy! If it takes pain in the correction we will need to handle it if we want to turn the economic corner! CASTIEL 
Screw the chinks….. screw those stupid and ignorant liberals…… screw the elites…….I hope they all burn….. Scott

ARTICLE

11 Very Depressing Economic Realities That Donald Trump Will Inherit From Barack Obama   15th, 2016 
It would be a grave mistake to understate the amount of damage that has been done to the U.S. economy over the past eight years. In this article, I am going to share some economic numbers with you that are extremely sobering. Anyone that takes a cold, hard, honest look at the numbers should be able to see that our economy is in terrible shape. Unfortunately, the way that we see things is often clouded by our political views. Up until the election, Democrats were far more likely then Republicans to believe that the economy was improving, but now that is in the process of completely reversing. According to Gallup , only 16 percent of Republicans believed that the economy was getting better before the election, but that number has suddenly jumped to 49 percent after Trump's election victory. And the percentage of Democrats that believe that the economy is getting better fell from 61 percent to 46 percent after the election. Here are some additional details from Gallup … 
After Trump won last week's election, Republicans and Republican-leaning independents now have a much more optimistic view of the U.S. economy's outlook than they did   Just 16% of Republicans said the economy was getting better in the week before the election, while 81% said it was getting worse. Since the election, 49% say it is getting better and 44% worse. 
Conversely, Democrats and Democratic-leaning independents' confidence in the economy plummeted after the election. Before the election, 61% of Democrats said the economy was getting better and 35% worse. Now, Democrats are evenly divided, with 46% saying it is getting better and 47% saying it is getting worse. 
The truth, of course, is that the result of the election did not somehow magically alter the outlook for the U.S. economy. 
We still have a giant mess on our hands, and the following are 11 very depressing economic realities that Donald Trump will inherit from Barack Obama… 
#1 Nearly 7 out of every 10 Americans have less than $1,000 in savings . That means that about two-thirds of the country is essentially living paycheck to paycheck at this moment. 
#2 Reuters is reporting that U.S. mall investors are poised to lose 'billions” of dollars as the ' retail apocalypse ” in this nation deepens. 
#3 Credit card delinquencies have hit the highest level that we have seen since 2012 . 
#4 Approximately 35 percent of all Americans have a debt that is at least 180 days past due. 
#5 The rate of homeownership has fallen for eight years in a row and is now hovering near a 50 year low . 
#6 The total number of government employees now outnumbers the total number of manufacturing employees in this country by almost 10 million . 
#7 The number of homeless people in New York City (where Donald Trump is from) has hit a brand new record high . 
#8 About 20 percent of all young adults are currently living with their parents . 
#9 Total household debt in the United States has now reached a grand total of 12.3 trillion dollars . 
#10 The total amount of corporate debt in the U.S. has nearly doubled since the end of 2007. 
#11 When Barack Obama entered the White House, the U.S. government was 10.6 trillion dollars in debt. Today, the U.S. national debt is currently sitting at a staggering total of $19,842,173,949,869.58 . 
Despite nearly doubling the national debt during his eight years in the White House, Barack Obama is going to be the only president in United States history to never have a single year when U.S. GDP grew by at least three percent. 
So will Donald Trump waltz in and suddenly turn everything around? 
Just like when George W. Bush was elected, there is a lot of optimism about the future right now among Republicans. 
And in 2017, Republicans are going to have control of the Senate and the House in addition to being in control of the White House. 
But does that mean that they will actually get anything done? 
For a moment, let's review what didn't happen the last time the Republicans were in this position. The following is an extended excerpt from an article by author Devvy Kidd … —– The Republicans had control of both houses of Congress part of the time during Bush, Jr.'s two terms. Did they lock down our borders? NO. Did they pass legislation to stop ALL funding for illegals which would self-deport millions of liars, cheats and thieves? NO. (READ, please: How to Self-Deport Millions of Illegals ) Did they stop trillions in unconstitutional spending? NO. Did they get rid of any of Clinton's unconstitutional Executive Orders? One or two but otherwise let Comrade Bill Clinton crap in our faces. Did they get rid of one unconstitutional cabinet like HHS, Department of Education and EPA? NO. Did they stop the unconstitutional foreign aid? NO. Did they stop unconstitutional spending for Planned Parenthood? NO. Congress just continues to use borrowed money to spend more debt. Did they stop unconstitutional spending for the gigantic hoax called global warming or climate change? NO. Trump: The Left Just Lost The War On Climate Change Did Bush, Jr., get us out of all the destructive trade treaties killing American jobs? NO. Did they crack down on visas bringing in tens of thousands of foreign workers when American workers who want to work are left in the unemployment line? NO. Did they stop more and more federal regulations strangling America's businesses? NO. Did they impeach one single activist judge destroying our freedom and liberty? NO. A Republican controlled Congress with a Republican in the White House and they did virtually NOTHING to restore America to a constitutional republic and constitutional spending. —– 
So will things be any different under a Trump administration? 
We shall see. 
There will be tremendous pressure to maintain the status quo in many instances, because the process of fixing things would undoubtedly make conditions worse in the short-term. 
A great example of this is the national debt. As I discussed yesterday , the only reason why we are able to enjoy such a massively inflated standard of living in this country     federal government started spending only the money that it brought in through taxes, our ridiculous debt-  would begin collapsing immediately. 
We consume far more wealth than we produce, and the only way that we are able to do this is by borrowing insane amounts of money. 
Either Donald Trump will continue to borrow money recklessly, or we will go into a major league economic downturn. 
It really is that simple. 
But when our politicians borrow money, they are literally destroying the future of this country. So the choice is pain in the short-term or greater pain in the long-term. 
There is a way out, and that would involve shutting down the Federal Reserve and going to a completely debt-free form of money, but that is a topic for another article. 
And unfortunately that is not something that is even on Donald Trump's radar at this point. 
No matter who won the election, the next president was going to be faced with some very harsh economic realities. 
There are many out there that have faith that Donald Trump can pull off an unprecedented economic miracle, but there are others that are deeply skeptical. 
Let us hope for the best, but let us also keep preparing for the worst.

ARTICLE

Why Donald Trump Must Shut Down The Federal Reserve And Start Issuing Debt-Free Money By   16th, 2016 
If Donald Trump truly wants to fix the economy, he must shut down the Federal Reserve. If he just tries to patch up our current system, he will fail, because it has been fundamentally flawed from the very beginning. A little over a century ago, very powerful forces on Wall Street convinced Congress to completely restructure our financial system. An immensely powerful central bank known as the Federal Reserve was created, and the goal was to transform the U.S. dollar into a debt-based currency that would continuously be inflated and to create an endless debt spiral from which   could never possibly escape. Sadly, they were successful on both counts. Since the creation of the Federal Reserve, the value of the U.S. dollar has declined by approximately 98 percent and our national debt has gotten more than 5000 times larger . 
Americans tend to give most of the credit or most of the blame for the performance of the U.S. economy to our presidents, but the truth is that an unelected, unaccountable group of central bankers has far more power over our economy than anyone else does. The Federal Reserve has become known as ' the fourth branch of government ', but unlike the other branches of government we are told that the Fed's decisions are 'above politics” because they are 'too important”. Fed officials fiercely guard their 'independence”, and they fiercely resist any 'interference” from Congress, the President, or the American people. 
Donald Trump can try to lower taxes and reduce regulations, but what he will be able to do to influence the economy pales in comparison to the immensely powerful tools that the Fed wields. The Fed controls interest rates, the Fed controls the money supply, and the Fed regulates the banks. 
To give you an idea of how enormously powerful the Fed is, I want you to pull out a dollar bill. 
As you look at that dollar bill, I want you to notice that it says 'Federal Reserve Note” right at the top. 
In the financial world, a 'note” is an instrument of debt, and the truth is that our system was designed to create as much debt as possible. 
So why are we using debt-based 'Federal Reserve Notes” in the first place? Shouldn't Congress have control over our currency? 
According to Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitution , it is Congress that has the authority to 'coin Money, regulate the Value thereof, and of foreign Coin, and fix the Standard of Weights and Measures”. 
So how did the Fed get involved? 
Well, it is a very long and convoluted story, and if you are interested in the history behind it I would commend to you an excellent book by C. Edward Griffin entitled ' The Creature from Jekyll Island: A Second Look at the Federal Reserve '. Basically, big money interests on Wall Street got their hooks into the White House and Congress, and they rushed through legislation right before Christmas in 1913 that created this insidious central banking system that was designed to slowly but surely take wealth from the American people and put it into their hands. 
Sadly, most Americans don't even realize that we have a debt-based currency, nor do they understand where our money comes from. In a previous article , I discussed how money is normally created by the Federal Reserve under our current system… 
When the U.S. government decides that it wants to spend another billion dollars that it does not have, it does not print up a billion dollars. 
Rather, the U.S. government creates a bunch of U.S. Treasury bonds (debt) and takes them over to the Federal Reserve. 
The Federal Reserve creates a billion dollars out of thin air and exchanges them for the U.S. Treasury bonds. 
The Federal Reserve takes the U.S. Treasury bonds that it receives in exchange for the 'Federal Reserve Notes” that it gave to the government and it auctions off those bonds to the highest bidder . But of course this process always creates more debt than it does money… 
The U.S. Treasury bonds that the Federal Reserve receives in exchange for the money it has created out of nothing are auctioned off through the Federal Reserve system. 
But wait. 
There is a problem. 
Because the U.S. government must pay interest on the Treasury bonds, the amount of debt that has been created by this transaction is greater than the amount of money that has been created. 
So where will the U.S. government get the money to pay that debt? 
Well, the theory is that we can get money to circulate through the economy really, really fast and tax it at a high enough rate that the government will be able to collect enough taxes to pay the debt. 
But that never actually happens, does it? 
And the creators of the Federal Reserve understood this as well. They understood that the U.S. government would not have enough money to both run the government and service the national debt. They knew that the U.S. government would have to keep borrowing even more money in an attempt to keep up with the game. 
So our debt just keeps going up and up and up. While Barack Obama has been in the White House our national debt has risen by more than 9 trillion dollars, and at this moment it is sitting just under the 20 trillion dollar mark . 
But we shouldn't be surprised by this, because this is precisely what the Federal Reserve system was designed to do to us. 
Many conservatives still hold to the mistaken illusion that we could somehow pay all of this debt back someday, but as I have shown in a previous article, this is mathematically impossible to do . 
If the government went out today and grabbed every single dollar in existence we could not pay back the national debt, and of course we have   of household debt,   of corporate debt and   of state and local government debt that we need to pay back as well. 
Under the current system our only hope is to keep the wheel spinning by continuing to devalue the dollar and by continuing to go into even greater amounts of debt. 
And of course it isn't just the United States that is in this predicament. At this point, almost every single nation on the entire planet has a central bank. 
Even though there are extremely sharp disagreements among nations on virtually everything else, somehow central banking has achieved nearly universal adoption. 
As you read this article, well over 99.9% of the population of the globe lives in a country that has a central bank. 
Do you think that is just a coincidence? 
Of course there are still a few very small countries such as the Federated States of Micronesia that do not have a central bank, but the only big nation not to have one is North Korea. 
And you would literally have to be insane to want to live in North Korea. 
But now we have an opportunity to get free from this insidious system. The truth is that we don't have to have a central bank. In fact, the greatest period of economic growth in U.S. history was when there was no central bank . 
We don't need central planners to set our interest rates and to manipulate our money supply. They will never admit this, but the reality of the matter is that their interference in the economy often creates tremendous economic busts. 
Since the Federal Reserve was created in 1913, there have been 18 distinct recessions or depressions : 1918, 1920, 1923, 1926, 1929, 1937, 1945, 1949, 1953, 1958, 1960, 1969, 1973, 1980, 1981, 1990, 2001, 2008. 
Considering their track record, isn't it time for a change? 
And we don't have to have a debt-based currency. In fact, not too long ago we had a president that decided to start issuing debt-free 'United States Notes”. 
Back in 1963, President John F. Kennedy issued Executive Order 11110 which authorized the U.S. Treasury to issue debt-free 'United States Notes” which were directly created by the U.S. government. 
He was assassinated shortly thereafter. 
Most Americans don't realize this, but many of the debt-free United States Notes that were issued under President Kennedy are still in circulation today , and President Trump could do something similar. 
But will he? 
It has been said that the borrower is the servant of the lender, and the Federal Reserve system has turned all of us into debt slaves. 
Debt is a form of social control, and the global elite use all of this debt to dominate the planet. The total amount of debt in the world just hit   of 152 trillion dollars , and the longer we allow the central banks to control the system the bigger this debt bubble will become. 
  here in the United States that starts with shutting   issuing debt-free currency. It would take someone very bold to make a move like this, and so let us hope that the man that we just elected is up to the task.

ARTICLE

Why We Are Still In 'The Danger Zone' Until January 20th, 2017   17th, 2016 
Donald Trump is not the president yet, and Barack Obama could still do an extraordinary amount of damage during his last two months in the White House. Prior to the election, I described the period of time ending on January 20th as 'the danger zone”, and my outlook has not changed just because Donald Trump was victorious on election night. As you will see, the next two months are an absolutely critical time, and if we can get through January 20th without something major happening perhaps we can breathe a little bit easier (at least for a while). On the other hand, the events of the next two months could easily plunge this country into a period of unprecedented chaos. A lot of people are feeling really good about things right now because of Trump's victory, but now is definitely not a time to relax and let down our guard. 
And the truth is that Donald Trump has not even won the presidency yet. As I detailed shortly before election night , the next president will not be determined until December 19th when the Electoral College meets. 
On Monday, December 19th the members of the Electoral College will gather in all 50 state capitals to cast their votes for president. It is then, and only then, that the next president of the United States will be elected. 
Throughout our history, electors have followed the will of the people more than 99 perfect of the time, but there have been 'faithless electors” before, and if Democrats can get enough of them to switch sides in December it is still possible (though not probable) that Hillary Clinton could win the election. 
One petition that is asking electors to switch their votes has already been signed by more than 4 million people. The petition claims that Donald Trump is 'unfit to serve” as president, and that since Hillary Clinton won the popular vote by a wide margin she should be elected president instead. The following comes from a USA Today article entitled ' Could the Electoral College elect Hillary Clinton instead of Donald Trump? '… 
A Change.org petition, now signed by more than 4.3 million people, encourages members of the Electoral College to cast their votes for Hillary Clinton when the college meets on Dec. 19. The petition argues that Donald Trump is 'unfit to serve” and that 'Secretary Clinton WON THE POPULAR VOTE and should be President.” 
'If they all vote the way their states voted, Donald Trump will win,” the petition states. 'However, they can vote for Hillary Clinton if they choose. Even in states where that is not allowed, their vote would still be counted, they would simply pay a small fine – which we can be sure Clinton supporters will be glad to pay! We are calling on the Electors to ignore their states' votes and cast their ballots for Secretary Clinton.” 
Personally, I don't believe that this is going to happen. They may be able to flip a few electors, but the gap in electoral votes is almost certainly too wide for the Democrats to overcome. 
However, that is not the only concern we are facing. Ever since his victory on November 8th, there have been a multitude of violent threats against Donald Trump and his family. And without a doubt, there are a lot of very powerful people that would be very interested in finding a way to keep Donald Trump from getting to Inauguration Day. So let us pray for his safety and for the safety of his family. 
If Donald Trump were to be incapacitated after he wins the Electoral College vote on December 19th, Mike Pence would take his place. 
But if something were to happen to him before December 19th, his electors would be free to vote for another candidate – including Hillary Clinton. 
If everything goes smoothly and Donald Trump successfully makes it to Inauguration Day, he could be facing one of the biggest political protests in United States history. 
In an article for The Most Important News , I showed that the far left is calling for thousands upon thousands of protesters to descend upon Washington D.C. on January 20th in order to disrupt the Inauguration festivities as much as possible. 
This giant protest is being organized by the usual suspects, and they have already put up Facebook pages , websites , and the hashtag '#DisruptJ20″ is being widely used all over social media. 
Traditionally Inauguration Day is a day of joy and celebration, but the far left seems intent on transforming it into a massive riot. 
Let us hope that they are not successful. 
Another reason why we will be in 'the danger zone” over the next two months is because of what Barack Obama may choose to do at the United Nations. 
Now that it looks like Donald Trump is going to be our next president, the international pressure on Barack Obama to do something at the United Nations regarding the Israeli-Palestinian conflict before the end of his term has become even more intense. 
And this is something that Trump and his advisers are actively concerned about. In fact, I came across an article earlier today that discussed the fact that the Trump team is warning Obama 'against making moves on the Israeli-Palestinian conflict in his last months in office” … 
Saying that pushing agendas 'contrary to the president-elect's position” would not be in the 'spirit of the transition”, Trump national security advisor for Donald Trump last week warned the Obama administration against making moves on the Israeli-Palestinian conflict in his last months in office. 
'On big, transformative issues where President Obama and President-elect Trump are not in alignment, I don't think it's in keeping with the spirit of the transition…to try to push through agenda items that are contrary to the president-elect's positions,” the advisor told Politico . 
Specifically, the concern is that Obama may decide to support a UN Security Council resolution that would officially recognize a Palestinian state, set the parameters for a 'two state solution”, and establish East Jerusalem as the capital for the new Palestinian state. 
Just a few weeks ago, an article in the Wall Street Journal entitled ' Obama's Israel Surprise? ” reported that this is one of the options that the Obama administration is strongly considering right now. A UN Security Council resolution would be legally binding on both Israel and the Palestinians, and it would be something that President Trump would not be able to undo. 
The rest of the UN Security Council is eager to support such a resolution, and so the decision about whether this resolution is going to happen or not sits in the hands of Barack Obama, and at this moment we do not know what he is going to do. The following comes from an article by Leo Hohmann … 
The Wall Street Journal reported one week before Tuesday's election that Obama had requested his aides provide him with a list of options to deal with the decades-old Israeli-Palestinian conflict. 
Israeli diplomats, according to the WSJ story, are preparing for the possibility that a lame-duck President Obama 'may try to force a diplomatic resolution for Israel and the Palestinians at the United Nations.” 
The president is presumably now reviewing those options, which number about half a dozen. 
He may be preparing to recognize a Palestinian state at the U.N. before he leaves office , WSJ reported. 
If Barack Obama decides to divide the land of Israel at the United Nations, it will be the worst decision of his entire presidency. I have warned repeatedly that all hell will break loose in America if it happens, and it will also mean that many of the events that I warn about in my latest book are much closer than many had been anticipating. 
But if we can get to January 20th and the land of Israel has not been divided yet, we may be able to rest easy for at least a little while, because Trump has already said that he would not support a UN Security Council resolution that forces a solution on the Israelis and Palestinians. 
When politicians are going to do something that they know people won't like, they tend to try to sneak it through around the holidays when a lot of people aren't paying attention. For example, yesterday I discussed how the legislation that created the Federal Reserve was rushed through Congress right before Christmas in 1913 . 
So keep an eye on the period around Thanksgiving and the period around Christmas. If Barack Obama is going to stab Israel in the back, it may happen during one of those times. 
My hope is that we can get through January 20th without anything going seriously wrong. If that happens, I know that I will be very thankful. 
And as I detailed in a previous article , Donald Trump will be 70 years, 7 months and 7 days old on his first full day in office on January 21st, and that will happen in year 5777 on the Hebrew calendar. 
Could that be a sign of better things ahead as many believe? 
Or will the next two months set off a chain of events that will be absolutely disastrous for this nation? 
I believe that this is an absolutely critical moment in our history, and let us hope that our leaders make the right decisions. 
'Danger Zone” Brings back memories of Kenny Loggins and Top Gun. anonymous 
Listen to her howlin' roar Metal under tension Beggin' you to touch and go Highway to the Danger Zone Ride into the Danger Zone Headin' into twilight Spreadin' out her wings tonight She got you jumpin' off the deck And shovin' into overdrive Highway to the Danger Zone I'll take you Right into the Danger Zone William Lutz 
I will not celebrate the holidays this year! Screw Christmas and New Years already. anonymous 
Good on you. Why support corporate mandated holidays anyway? Thanksgiving should be the most important celebration. We should also celebrate the day of the dead. A solemn reminder of what the future holds for us all. Besides, their parties are awesome! Ricardo 
We should also celebrate the day of the dead. ………. that is spiritism. 
King Saul tried to bring up the dead (Samuel) via the witch of Endor………. don't mess with spiritism 
Let the dead bury the dead ..Matthew 8:22 …… meaning if you have no spiritual life you are dead so let the dead bury the dead. 
Halloween. October 31st. What date did Martin Luther nail the 95 thesis to the church (catholic) door ? …… October 31st. Halloween is the catholic church playing with spiritism and fostering it on the world via the disguise of 'its just harmless fun”…….. don't mess with spiritism. anonymous 
I meant more of a remembrance of loved ones who have passed away. You are painting with a broad religious brush. What is God? Isn't God a Spirit? What do you know of death? Have you died? You are clearly biased. df NJ 
God is unknowable force that motivates the electrons to move and have charge. Without God, time would cease to exist. Paul Benson 
Wrong again df NJ (Dumb Friend from New Jersey?) God has gone to great extremes to make himself knowable. When Jesus died on the Cross the veil of the Temple was torn by god from top to bottom as a sign the way into his presence had been given. Put your faith in Jesus, follow his teaching, and that path will lead you to the Father and eternal life. YOU CAN KNOW GOD! Mondobeyondo 
Merry Hallothanksmaskwanzaanewyear! nick 
I am a political atheist, just to set the record straight. Although I visit this site fairly often, it is showing signs of paranoia and provoking fear. When George W. as elected, there were many protesters, they were just hidden away in 'free speech” zones. Of course there are many unhappy people, as there were in 2000, and every election. Trumps votes were less than 19% of the 325 million people in the country. Will Trump bring jobs. No, not unless they are gov't employees, or funded by taxes. There is only one way jobs are created, and that is when there is demand for products and services. A lot of people with their low paying jobs can hardly afford the basic necessities, let alone keep playing the consumerism game. I cannot see Obama doing anything that requires legislation, as he is lame duck status now. Perhaps this site needs to focus on the swamp getting filled with more careerists, especially lobbyists I have been an expat for over 6 years, it is a lovely peaceful warm day here. Think I will go for a bicycle ride, then a dip in 86 degree seawater. I do have faith that not much will change and the sun will continue to rise, even when it is obscured by clouds. Peace and Love…it is the only way df NJ 
Obama's big political move will be to appoint an ultra liberal judge to the bench during the recess. I just can't imagine that he doesn't leave office without punishing the Republicans for not taking Garland. And given all the threats to taking away all of Obama's legacy this is the only thing left he has to make his mark on history. Rick 
I don't think he can do that with a phone and pen. Sorry. HeyAHuman 
Could you imagine the pandemonium that would ensue if the Electoral College were to vote Hillary in? Then we'd be in a REAL danger zone… Mondobeyondo 
Yes, it would be. It would be like the Krakatoa volcano erupting again. df NJ 
That is not going to happen because the electors hate Hillary as much as you do. It would be like cutting off one of your own fingers with a kitchen knife. I think we are okay. anonymous 
It always amazes me that people will look for signs in anything. Remember the world was going to end in the year 2000? Then again in 2012 with the end of the Mayan Calendar. 
'Uncertainty is the only certainty there is, and knowing how to live with insecurity is the only security.” 
-John Allen Paulos df NJ 
It's 11/18 and still no second coming of Jesus. Every single person reading this and posting on this board is going to be long dead and gone before Jesus returns. James Staten 
You just fulfilled prophecy, and you don't even know it. https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=2+Peter+3%3A2-4&version=KJV Jerry C 
No longer need to look for signs as they are happening whether or not you're looking. By the way, 2000 & 2012 were LSM saying it was ending. I guess for you the fact Trump will be 70 years 7 months 7 days old on his first full day of office is coincidence? You see coincidence; believers see signs. ISA41:10 
Liberals have long since gone beyond Activism, and descended to mobs all acting like spoiled children, stamping their feet and screaming, 'I want it NOW!” It's the politics of juvenile delinquency. 
To be a liberal means you must lie, deceive, deflect and, as a last resort, attack a conservative. 
Liberalism is godlessness. df NJ 
You only criticize and hate on other people's character what you do not like about your own character. 
Otherwise, if you are able to meet people as being sacred then all you have remaining is unconditional love and acceptance of other people's flaws. 
Where does civility come from if not from having respect for opposing opinions? ISA41:10 
The election is OVER!!!! These demonstrations mean nothing. These are bunch of winy liberals breaking laws. Did Conservative do these childish things in 08 or 12. 
N ! 
I wonder what Obama's 'Pardon List” looks like! JC Teecher 
Jesse 'james” Jackson, a pawn for the left, is pushing hard to have hitlery pardoned for all her crimes, before she is even charged. As a crook himself, he has received a free pass because of his so called 'religious” connections. Bull caca! Occult religions maybe. Mondobeyondo 
Yes, there is still a possibility that Hillary Clinton could still get in the Oval Office. But a Trump presidency is pretty much a done deal (knock on wood). The Secret Service had better guard him and his family VERY closely. From what I've seen and heard, President Obama is trying to make Trump's transition to the presidency very peaceful and orderly (even though they hate each other). Let's hope that Trump's presidency will be a successful one, and that it heals the many divisions and other issues that plague our country. Back in 1985, I bought a brand new book called 'The Art of the Deal” at my college bookstore. It was written by some guy named Donald Trump. Yes, I actually did read it. df NJ 
Not a chance. Hillary is dead and gone. Mondobeyondo 
Barack Obama is actually liberal enough to sign a resolution that would divide the land of Israel. Donald Trump would have to be pressured by outside forces to make such a decision. Would he do it? Don't know. Although from what I've heard, President Putin of Russia likes Trump a lot… df NJ 
We dropped 23,000 bombs on five predominately Muslim countries in 2015. Maybe it's time to give the Yinon plan a rest and stop bombing ragheads for Israel. 
America first! We have way too many problems and debt in this country to continue our foreign policies of American adventurism. Where's Pat Buchanan when you need him? I think it's time we return to a more traditional conservative approach to foreign policy. The long war does absolutely nothing to make me feel safer on the streets of Newark or Jersey City. I say eff 'em. America first! TheLulzWarrior 
Who f***ing cares? Israel is not an US state so far, they would simply refuse to go along such a plan. Paul Patriot 
Freedom loving Americans (should) know what needs to happen if hitlery is said to be el presidente on December 19th. 
The left can whine, shout, protest and riot……its time freedom loving Americans get the right mind set about standing up to tyranny……and apathy, passivity, fear and political correctness will prove ineffective. 
The liberty tree is getting mighty thirsty…..just saying! df NJ 
There are many forms of freedom. You criticize the left but you just don't understand it. Here's how the left thinks: 
'An old English judge once said: 'Necessitous men are not free men.' Liberty requires opportunity to make a living – a living decent according to the standard of the time, a living which gives man not only enough to live by, but something to live for. 
'For too many of us the political equality we once had won was meaningless in the face of economic inequality. A small group had concentrated into their own hands an almost complete control over other people's property, other people's money, other people's labor – other people's lives. For too many of us life was no longer free; liberty no longer real; men could no longer follow the pursuit of happiness. 
Against economic tyranny such as this, the American citizen could appeal only to the organized power of government. ” 
You many not agree with this approach but ALL the evidence shows wealth inequality is at all time highs. Most of you right wingers claim we have too much socialism and communism in this country. The sad fact is we cannot be further way from communism and still have a currency with any shred of value. 
But do not fear. Every year the top 1% become richer and richer. Every year the middle class is driven deeper and deeper into poverty wages. Marx said laissez faire capitialism is always followed by communism because unfettered greed would result in a government's currency collapse. Once the currency collapses people in bread lines will DEMAND more government not less. 
See you in the breadlines comrades! хорошего дня JC Teecher 
It is fairly evident that B Hussein Odrama is spewing his NWO rhetoric and propaganda overseas, as he attempts to assume the role of the world's authoritarian. He was handpicked by the biggest Nazi since Hitler, behind the scenes, as in GHW Bush. Odrama was chosen by the underworld as a successor to GHWB, and billery. 
Why? To fulfill their occultic destiny of the Beast System of Gov, Religion, Education, and Economics. The four hidden Dynasties. also viewed as Die-Nasty, if one is part of it. 
Anything is possible in the next two months, and with the huge amounts of $$ invested into continuing an evil empire, the underworld/shadow gov, will use any and all means to make their plans come to fruition. 
All we as Christians can do is prepare for the worst, and pray for the 'will” of God, to become manifest for His purpose, pleasure, and fulfillment of the end of days, of this age. 
The time of the fulfillment of a 100 year generation since the planting of the Fig Tree/ House of Judah, in Israel, is drawing nigh. 
Christ said the generation that sees it (nation of Israel) replanted in the Covenant land, will also see His return. Glory glory Hallelujah, we might just get out of this world………alive. Not fly away in a pre-trib rapture (trap), but change in the twinkling of an eye, here, in this earth, to be a part of the 'Kingdom come, on Earth as it is in Heaven”. df NJ 
We just need to stop dropping bombs on ragheads and God will shower us with blessings. Guns or butter, choose. You get one or the other. Black 
Wow. I hope there is such a place as hell so scum like you can burn there for eternity Jerry C

ARTICLE

Michael On Television Election Not Over? Money Is Being Raised To Challenge The Election Results In Wisconsin, Michigan And Pennsylvania   23rd, 2016 
Just when you thought it was safe to celebrate Trump's victory, the left is hatching a plan to try to steal the election right from under his nose. A group composed of 'prominent computer scientists” and 'election lawyers” is urgently asking the Clinton campaign to challenge the election results in Wisconsin, Michigan and Pennsylvania. They claim that there is 'persuasive evidence” that the election results in those states were 'manipulated or hacked”, and they are pushing Clinton to file formal challenges to those results while there is still time to do so. As I write this article, the final result in Michigan could still go either way, and if Hillary Clinton does end up winning Michigan all she would have to do would be to flip the results in Wisconsin and Pennsylvania to become the next president of the United States. 
Many on the left are absolutely incensed that Donald Trump is going to be the next president even though it looks like Hillary Clinton is going to win the popular vote by a very wide margin. In fact, as I write this article Hillary Clinton's lead in the popular vote has expanded to more than 1.8 million votes . 
After all of the votes have been counted, it is entirely possible that Hillary Clinton may finish more than 2 million votes ahead of Donald Trump. 
In a desperate bid to try to salvage the election, an attempt is being made to push for recounts in the key swing states that Clinton lost. This is being talked about all over the mainstream media today, but it was first reported by New York Magazine … 
Hillary Clinton is being urged by a group of prominent computer scientists and election lawyers to call for a recount in three swing states won by Donald Trump , New York has learned. The group, which includes voting-rights attorney John Bonifaz and J. Alex Halderman, the director of the University of Michigan Center for Computer Security and Society, believes they've found persuasive evidence that results in Wisconsin, Michigan, and Pennsylvania may have been manipulated or hacked . The group is so far not speaking on the record about their findings and is focused on lobbying the Clinton team in private. 
Last Thursday, the activists held a conference call with Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta and campaign general counsel Marc Elias to make their case, according to a source briefed on the call. The academics presented findings showing that in Wisconsin, Clinton received 7 percent fewer votes in counties that relied on electronic-voting machines compared with counties that used optical scanners and paper ballots. Based on this statistical analysis, Clinton may have been denied as many as 30,000 votes; she lost Wisconsin by 27,000. 
The race in Michigan is even closer, and the truth is that Clinton may be able to close the gap of about 11,000 votes there without a recount. 
In Pennsylvania, the gap is currently about 68,000 votes, and so that would present much more of a challenge for the Clinton campaign. 
At this point it is questionable whether Hillary Clinton is willing to formally request recounts in those states before the deadlines arrive, but she doesn't have to be the one to do it. 
In fact, according to MSN another presidential candidate is already raising the money needed to submit her own requests for recounts in those key battleground states… 
Jill Stein, the Green party's presidential candidate, is prepared to request recounts of the election result in several key battleground states, her campaign said on Wednesday. 
Stein launched an online fundraising page seeking donations toward a $2m fund she said was needed to request reviews of the results in Michigan, Pennsylvania and Wisconsin. 
Stein said she was acting due to 'compelling evidence of voting anomalies” and that data analysis had indicated 'significant discrepancies in vote totals”. 
But if Stein wants to do something, she needs to act very quickly. 
The deadline to officially file for a recount in Wisconsin is Friday, in Pennsylvania it is Monday, and in Michigan it is next Wednesday. 
Meanwhile, six former Bernie Sanders supporters are engaged in a last ditch effort to use the Electoral College to deny Trump the presidency on December 19th. Just like the attempt to recount the votes in key battleground states, this plan is not likely to work either, but right now it is receiving a lot of attention from the mainstream media. The following comes from a Daily Caller article entitled ' Sanders Electors Vow To Vote Against Clinton In Wild Attempt To Keep Trump From White House '… 
The group asserts that in order to succeed in their goal, they would have to convince 37 Republican electors to vote against Trump, a number the groups understands is unlikely. The ultimate goal, the group says, is to reduce the overall faith the average american voter has in the electoral college system. 
Until the actual votes are tallied, it will be very difficult for either Democrats or Republicans to ascertain just how effective the movement is, because there is no organized whip effort to gauge how many electors intend to vote they way they are instructed. 
There is no remedy for a faithless elector. 
It is extremely unlikely that 37 Republican electors would betray Trump at this point. 
What is far more likely is that these former Bernie Sanders supporters will bring enough attention to 'faithless electors” that it will cause an even bigger push to abolish the Electoral College. 
But because it would require changing the Constitution in order to abolish the Electoral College, it is something that is not likely to happen any time soon. 
Ultimately, all of these last minute moves by the left seem destined to fail, and there doesn't seem to be anything that they can do at this point to keep Donald Trump out of the White House. 
And the truth is that so many of the things that I warn are coming to America in my new book are far more likely to happen if Trump is in the White House rather than if a Democrat is residing there. 
We have reached a critical moment in U.S. history, and right now optimism about the future of this country among conservatives is off the charts . 
But is that optimism justified? 
We shall see, but without a doubt this optimism is not shared by Democrats, and many on the left are preparing to fight against Trump every step of the way. November 23rd, 2016 | Tags: 2016 , 2017 , Debt , Debts , Donald Trump , Extreme Pain , Intense Pain , Lawyers , Michigan , Pain , Painful , Pennsylvania , Trump , Wisconsin | Category: Commentary Half Of The Population Of The World Is Dirt Poor – And The Global Elite Want To Keep It That Way » Cinderella Man 
Fear mongering…it's not gonna happen jeez there's no way in hell they steal this from us..they think protests from leftist crybabies is bad just wait and see 60 million pissed off Deplorables not gonna happen James Staten

