ARTICLE

BREAKING: The FBI Just Took Down Obama! Look What They Found In Hillary's Emails… BREAKING: The FBI Just Took Down Obama! Look What They Found In Hillary's Emails… Posted By admin on November 3, 2016 
In March, Barack Obama told CBS News he heard about Hillary Clinton's email server in news reports. I'm sure you remember that. 
Barack Obama is going to regret this moment. 
*** NEWSFLASH: Obama lied. 
The FBI revealed in September that Barack Obama used a pseudonym to communicate with Hillary Clinton. 
*** And then there was this today. 
Catherine Herridge on FOX News reported that the Obama White House was notified 6 different times when Hillary changed her email address. 
Let me repeat that: OBAMA WAS ALERTED 6 DIFFERENT TIMES WHEN HILLARY CHANGED HER EMAIL. 
Here's the proof. 
*** This needs to go viral. 
This means that Barack Obama was in on the server situation the entire time. He was updated on it 6 times. 
Source : http://usadailynews24.com/breaking-fbi-just-took-obama-look-found-hillarys-emails/ 

ARTICLE

FBI Warns Of Possible Terrorist Attacks In New York, Texas and Virginia FBI Warns Of Possible Terrorist Attacks In New York, Texas and Virginia Posted By admin on November 5, 2016 Subscribe 
FBI is warning 3 US States to take caution in order to prevent potential terrorist attacks. The Federal Bureau of Investigation is warning that terrorist organizations like Al-Qaeda could be planning pre-Election Day attacks in New York, Texas and Virginia. Officials have notified local and federal terrorism task forces about the threat, reported the New York Post . There are no information about specific sites that could be targeted in the three states, as the threat report is still being assessed. 
1 1 like CBS News came out with a report that the most probable day for the attacks could be Monday. 'The counter-terrorism and homeland security communities remain vigilant and well-postured to defend against attacks here in the United States,” said FBI officials. 'The FBI, working with our federal, state and local counterparts, shares and assesses intelligence on a daily basis and will continue to work closely with law enforcement and intelligence community partners to identify and disrupt any potential threat to public safety,” FBI stated. Possible cyber attacks have also been reported on NBC News saying that the US Government believes that hackers from Russia or other countries may unleash cyber attacks causing chaos right before the elections. 


ARTICLE

News Outlets Already Report Hillary Losing By Landslide News Outlets Already Report Hillary Losing By Landslide Posted By admin on November 8, 2016 Subscribe In an unlikely and surprisingly early turn of events, news outlets across the country have reported that enough early votes have already come in to determine a winner in this election, making it the earliest call in American history for future President of the United States of America Donald Trump. Thanks to the incredibly fast processing power of computers in this day and age, early votes were counted in record time giving the soon-to-be-President an entire extra day to get ready for his imminent Presidency. The irony of an election called so early, and what Trump would have said had it been called in Hillary's favor about it being 'rigged” is not lost on many Americans. Local pig farmer and regional pie eating champion Kenneth Bacon said of the results, 'Now how about that. I was gonna go vote for Hillary tomorrow, but I suppose if it's a lost cause I'll just farm some extra pigs. I know when I'm beat and I see no reason to pretend it ain't how it is!” Many analysts are perplexed by the incredibly early voter turnout in favor of Trump, citing that poll numbers just don't seem to match up. 'I guess Trump supporters are just a close-lipped bunch that keep their opinions to themselves,” said Nate Silver, an American economist and well-respected predictor of both baseball and American elections. 'We just couldn't have seen this coming. 
To be honest with you, I've lost a lot of money and am going to have quite a bit of egg on my face when I get into the office tomorrow.” 
Even if every person that hasn't voted yet in the country rushed out and voted right this minute, Hillary could still not possibly win, meaning those of us that haven't voted can just sit back and relax. Especially Trump supporters. 
When reached for comment about the victory, Trump had few words, saying only, 'Now that I've won I'm not going to just sit back and rest on my laurels. I'm going to get out there and start doing my damnedest to make America great again, just like I promised.” 

