ARTICLE

Posted on October 27, 2016 by WashingtonsBlog 
By Robert Parry, the investigative reporter who many of the Iran-Contra stories for The Associated Press and Newsweek in the 1980s. Originally published at Parry's Consortium News (republished with permission). 
The United States is so committed to the notion that its electoral process is the world's 'gold standard” that there has been a bipartisan determination to maintain the fiction even when evidence is overwhelming that a U.S. presidential election has been manipulated or stolen. The 'wise men” of the system simply insist otherwise. 
We have seen this behavior when there are serious questions of vote tampering (as in Election 1960) or when a challenger apparently exploits a foreign crisis to create an advantage over the incumbent (as in Elections 1968 and 1980) or when the citizens' judgment is overturned by judges (as in Election 2000). Presidents Richard Nixon, George H.W. Bush and Ronald Reagan photographed together in the Oval Office in 1991. (Cropped from a White House photo that also included Presidents Gerald Ford and Jimmy Carter.) 
Strangely, in such cases, it is not only the party that benefited which refuses to accept the evidence of wrongdoing, but the losing party and the establishment news media as well. Protecting the perceived integrity of the U.S. democratic process is paramount. Americans must continue to believe in the integrity of the system even when that integrity has been violated. 
The harsh truth is that pursuit of power often trumps the principle of an informed electorate choosing the nation's leaders, but that truth simply cannot be recognized. 
Of course, historically, American democracy was far from perfect, excluding millions of people, including African-American slaves and women. The compromises needed to enact the Constitution in 1787 also led to distasteful distortions, such as counting slaves as three-fifths of a person for the purpose of representation (although obviously slaves couldn't vote). 
That unsavory deal enabled Thomas Jefferson to defeat John Adams in the pivotal national election of 1800. In effect, the votes of Southern slave owners like Jefferson counted substantially more than the votes of Northern non-slave owners. 
Even after the Civil War when the Constitution was amended to give black men voting rights, the reality for black voting, especially in the South, was quite different from the new constitutional mandate. Whites in former Confederate states concocted subterfuges to keep blacks away from the polls to ensure continued white supremacy for almost a century. 
Women did not gain suffrage until 1920 with the passage of another constitutional amendment, and it took federal legislation in 1965 to clear away legal obstacles that Southern states had created to deny the franchise to blacks. 
Indeed, the alleged voter fraud in Election 1960, concentrated largely in Texas, a former Confederate state and home to John Kennedy's vice presidential running mate, Lyndon Johnson, could be viewed as an outgrowth of the South's heritage of rigging elections in favor of Democrats, the post-Civil War party of white Southerners. 
However, by pushing through civil rights for blacks in the 1960s, Kennedy and Johnson earned the enmity of many white Southerners who switched their allegiance to the Republican Party via Richard Nixon's Southern strategy of coded racial messaging. Nixon also harbored resentments over what he viewed as his unjust defeat in the election of 1960. 
Nixon's 'Treason' 
So, by 1968, the Democrats' once solid South was splintering, but Nixon, who was again the Republican presidential nominee, didn't want to leave his chances of winning what looked to be another close election to chance. Nixon feared that — with the Vietnam War raging and the Democratic Party deeply divided — President Johnson could give the Democratic nominee, Vice President Hubert Humphrey, a decisive boost by reaching a last-minute peace deal with North Vietnam. President Richard Nixon with his then-National Security Advisor Henry Kissinger in 1972. 
The documentary and testimonial evidence is now clear that to avert a peace deal, Nixon's campaign went behind Johnson's back to persuade South Vietnamese President Nguyen van Thieu to torpedo Johnson's Paris peace talks by refusing to attend. Nixon's emissaries assured Thieu that a President Nixon would continue the war and guarantee a better outcome for South Vietnam. 
Though Johnson had strong evidence of what he privately called Nixon's 'treason” — from FBI wiretaps in the days before the 1968 election — he and his top advisers chose to stay silent. In a Nov. 4, 1968 conference call , Secretary of State Dean Rusk, National Security Advisor Walt Rostow and Defense Secretary Clark Clifford – three pillars of the Establishment – expressed that consensus, with Clifford explaining the thinking: 
'Some elements of the story are so shocking in their nature that I'm wondering whether it would be good for the country to disclose the story and then possibly have a certain individual [Nixon] elected,” Clifford said. 'It could cast his whole administration under such doubt that I think it would be inimical to our country's interests.” 
Clifford's words expressed the recurring thinking whenever evidence emerged casting the integrity of America's electoral system in doubt, especially at the presidential level. The American people were not to know what kind of dirty deeds could affect that process. 
To this day, the major U.S. news media will not directly address the issue of Nixon's treachery in 1968, despite the wealth of evidence proving this historical reality now available from declassified records at the Johnson presidential library in Austin, Texas. In a puckish recognition of this ignored history, the library's archivists call the file on Nixon's sabotage of the Vietnam peace talks their 'X-file.” [For details, see Consortiumnews.com's ' LBJ's 'X-File' on Nixon's 'Treason. '”] 
The evidence also strongly suggests that Nixon's paranoia about a missing White House file detailing his 'treason” – top secret documents that Johnson had entrusted to Rostow at the end of LBJ's presidency – led to Nixon's creation of the 'plumbers,” a team of burglars whose first assignment was to locate those purloined papers. The existence of the 'plumbers” became public in June 1972 when they were caught breaking into the Democratic National Committee's headquarters at the Watergate in Washington. National Security Adviser Walt Rostow shows President Lyndon Johnson a model of a battle near Khe Sanh in Vietnam. (U.S. Archive Photo) 
Although the Watergate scandal remains the archetypal case of election-year dirty tricks, the major U.S. news media never acknowledge the link between Watergate and Nixon's far more egregious dirty trick four years earlier, sinking Johnson's Vietnam peace talks while 500,000 American soldiers were in the war zone. In part because of Nixon's sabotage — and his promise to Thieu of a more favorable outcome — the war continued for four more bloody years before being settled along the lines that were available to Johnson in 1968. [See Consortiumnews.com's ' The Heinous Crime Behind Watergate .”] 
In effect, Watergate gets walled off as some anomaly that is explained by Nixon's strange personality. However, even though Nixon resigned in disgrace in 1974, he and his National Security Advisor Henry Kissinger, who also had a hand in the Paris peace talk caper, reappear as secondary players in the next well-documented case of obstructing a sitting president's foreign policy to get an edge in the 1980 campaign. 
Reagan's 'October Surprise' Caper 
In that case, President Jimmy Carter was seeking reelection and trying to negotiate release of 52 American hostages then held in revolutionary Iran. Ronald Reagan's campaign feared that Carter might pull off an 'October Surprise” by bringing home the hostages just before the election. So, this historical mystery has been: Did Reagan's team take action to block Carter's October Surprise? President Ronald Reagan, delivering his Inaugural Address on Jan. 20, 1981, as the 52 U.S. hostages in Iran are simultaneously released. 
The testimonial and documentary evidence that Reagan's team did engage in a secret operation to prevent Carter's October Surprise is now almost as overwhelming as the proof of the 1968 affair regarding Nixon's Paris peace talk maneuver. 
That evidence indicates that Reagan's campaign director William Casey organized a clandestine effort to prevent the hostages' release before Election Day, after apparently consulting with Nixon and Kissinger and aided by former CIA Director George H.W. Bush, who was Reagan's vice presidential running mate. 
By early November 1980, the public's obsession with Iran's humiliation of the United States and Carter's inability to free the hostages helped turn a narrow race into a Reagan landslide. When the hostages were finally let go immediately after Reagan's inauguration on Jan. 20, 1981, his supporters cited the timing to claim that the Iranians had finally relented out of fear of Reagan. 
Bolstered by his image as a tough guy, Reagan enacted much of his right-wing agenda, including passing massive tax cuts benefiting the wealthy, weakening unions and creating the circumstances for the rapid erosion of the Great American Middle Class. 
Behind the scenes, the Reagan administration signed off on secret arms shipments to Iran, mostly through Israel, what a variety of witnesses described as the payoff for Iran's cooperation in getting Reagan elected and then giving him the extra benefit of timing the hostage release to immediately follow his inauguration. Then-Vice President George H.W. Bush with CIA Director William Casey at the White House on Feb. 11, 1981. (Photo credit: Reagan Library) 
In summer 1981, when Assistant Secretary of State for the Middle East Nicholas Veliotes learned about the arms shipments to Iran, he checked on their origins and said, later in a PBS interview: 
'It was clear to me after my conversations with people on high that indeed we had agreed that the Israelis could transship to Iran some American-origin military equipment. … [This operation] seems to have started in earnest in the period probably prior to the election of 1980, as the Israelis had identified who would become the new players in the national security area in the Reagan administration. And I understand some contacts were made at that time.” 
Those early covert arms shipments to Iran evolved into a later secret set of arms deals that surfaced in fall 1986 as the Iran-Contra Affair, with some of the profits getting recycled back to Reagan's beloved Nicaraguan Contra rebels fighting to overthrow Nicaragua's leftist government. 
While many facts of the Iran-Contra scandal were revealed by congressional and special-prosecutor investigations in the late 1980s and early 1990s, the origins of the Reagan-Iran relationship was always kept hazy. The Republicans were determined to stop any revelations about the 1980 contacts, but the Democrats were almost as reluctant to go there. 
A half-hearted congressional inquiry was launched in 1991 and depended heavily on then-President George H.W. Bush to collect the evidence and arrange interviews for the investigation. In other words, Bush, who was then seeking reelection and who was a chief suspect in the secret dealings with Iran, was entrusted with proving his own guilt. 
Tired of the Story 
By the early 1990s, the mainstream U.S. news media was also tired of the complex Iran-Contra scandal and wanted to move on. As a correspondent at Newsweek, I had battled senior editors over their disinterest in getting to the bottom of the scandal before I left the magazine in 1990. I then received an assignment from PBS Frontline to look into the 1980 'October Surprise” question, which led to a documentary on the subject in April 1991. PBS Frontline's: The Election Held Hostage, co-written by Robert Parry and Robert Ross. 
However, by fall 1991, just as Congress was agreeing to open an investigation, my ex-bosses at Newsweek, along with The New Republic, then an elite neoconservative publication interested in protecting Israel's exposure on those early arms deals, went on the attack. They published matching cover stories deeming the 1980 'October Surprise” case a hoax, but their articles were both based on a misreading of documents recording Casey's attendance at a conference in London in July 1980, which he seemed to have used as a cover for a side trip to Madrid to meet with senior Iranians regarding the hostages. 
Although the bogus Newsweek/New Republic 'London alibi” would eventually be debunked, it created a hostile climate for the investigation. With Bush angrily denying everything and the congressional Republicans determined to protect the President's flanks, the Democrats mostly just went through the motions of an investigation. 
Meanwhile, Bush's State Department and White House counsel's office saw their jobs as discrediting the investigation, deep-sixing incriminating documents, and helping a key witness dodge a congressional subpoena. 
Years later, I discovered a document at the Bush presidential library in College Station, Texas, confirming that Casey had taken a mysterious trip to Madrid in 1980. The U.S. Embassy's confirmation of Casey's trip was passed along by State Department legal adviser Edwin D. Williamson to Associate White House Counsel Chester Paul Beach Jr. in early November 1991, just as the congressional inquiry was taking shape. 
Williamson said that among the State Department 'material potentially relevant to the October Surprise allegations [was] a cable from the Madrid embassy indicating that Bill Casey was in town, for purposes unknown,” Beach noted in a ' memorandum for record ” dated Nov. 4, 1991. 
Two days later, on Nov. 6, Beach's boss, White House counsel C. Boyden Gray, convened an inter-agency strategy session and explained the need to contain the congressional investigation into the October Surprise case. The explicit goal was to ensure the scandal would not hurt President Bush's reelection hopes in 1992. C. Boyden Gray, White House counsel under President George H.W. Bush. 
At the meeting, Gray laid out how to thwart the October Surprise inquiry, which was seen as a dangerous expansion of the Iran-Contra investigation. The prospect that the two sets of allegations would merge into a single narrative represented a grave threat to George H.W. Bush's reelection campaign. As assistant White House counsel Ronald vonLembke, put it , the White House goal in 1991 was to 'kill/spike this story.” 
Gray explained the stakes at the White House strategy session. 'Whatever form they ultimately take, the House and Senate 'October Surprise' investigations, like Iran-Contra, will involve interagency concerns and be of special interest to the President ,” Gray declared, according to minutes . [Emphasis in original.] 
Among 'touchstones” cited by Gray were 'No Surprises to the White House, and Maintain Ability to Respond to Leaks in Real Time. This is Partisan.” White House 'talking points” on the October Surprise investigation urged restricting the inquiry to 1979-80 and imposing strict time limits for issuing any findings. 
Timid Democrats 
But Bush's White House really had little to fear because whatever evidence that the congressional investigation received – and a great deal arrived in December 1992 and January 1993 – there was no stomach for actually proving that the 1980 Reagan campaign had conspired with Iranian radicals to extend the captivity of 52 Americans in order to ensure Reagan's election victory. Former Rep. Lee Hamilton, D-Indiana. 
That would have undermined the faith of the American people in their democratic process – and that, as Clark Clifford said in the 1968 context, would not be 'good for the country.” 
In 2014 when I sent a copy of Beach's memo regarding Casey's trip to Madrid to former Rep. Lee Hamilton, D-Indiana, who had chaired the October Surprise inquiry in 1991-93, he told me that it had shaken his confidence in the task force's dismissive conclusions about the October Surprise issue. 
'The [Bush-41] White House did not notify us that he [Casey] did make the trip” to Madrid, Hamilton told me. 'Should they have passed that on to us? They should have because they knew we were interested in that.” 
Asked if knowledge that Casey had traveled to Madrid might have changed the task force's dismissive October Surprise conclusion, Hamilton said yes, because the question of the Madrid trip was key to the task force's investigation. 
'If the White House knew that Casey was there, they certainly should have shared it with us,” Hamilton said, adding that 'you have to rely on people” in authority to comply with information requests. But that trust was at the heart of the inquiry's failure. With the money and power of the American presidency at stake, the idea that George H.W. Bush and his team would help an investigation that might implicate him in an act close to treason was naïve in the extreme. 
Arguably, Hamilton's timid investigation was worse than no investigation at all because it gave Bush's team the opportunity to search out incriminating documents and make them disappear. Then, Hamilton's investigative conclusion reinforced the 'group think” dismissing this serious manipulation of democracy as a 'conspiracy theory” when it was anything but. In the years since, Hamilton hasn't done anything to change the public impression that the Reagan campaign was innocent. 
Still, among the few people who have followed this case, the October Surprise cover-up would slowly crumble with admissions by officials involved in the investigation that its exculpatory conclusions were rushed , that crucial evidence had been hidden or ignored , and that some alibis for key Republicans didn't make any sense . 
But the dismissive 'group think” remains undisturbed as far as the major U.S. media and mainstream historians are concerned. [For details, see Robert Parry's America's Stolen Narrative or Trick or Treason: The 1980 October Surprise Mystery or Consortiumnews.com's ' Second Thoughts on October Surprise. ”] 
Past as Prologue 
Lee Hamilton's decision to 'clear” Reagan and Bush of the 1980 October Surprise suspicions in 1992 was not simply a case of miswriting history. The findings had clear implications for the future as well, since the public impression about George H.W. Bush's rectitude was an important factor in the support given to his oldest son, George W. Bush, in 2000. President George W. Bush is introduced by his brother Florida Gov. Jeb Bush before delivering remarks at Sun City Center, Florida, on May 9, 2006. (White House photo by Eric Draper) 
Indeed, if the full truth had been told about the father's role in the October Surprise and Iran-Contra cases, it's hard to imagine that his son would have received the Republican nomination, let alone made a serious run for the White House. And, if that history were known, there might have been a stronger determination on the part of Democrats to resist another Bush 'stolen election” in 2000. 
Regarding Election 2000, the evidence is now clear that Vice President Al Gore not only won the national popular vote but received more votes that were legal under Florida law than did George W. Bush. But Bush relied first on the help of officials working for his brother, Gov. Jeb Bush, and then on five Republican justices on the U.S. Supreme Court to thwart a full recount and to award him Florida's electoral votes and thus the presidency. 
The reality of Gore's rightful victory should have finally become clear in November 2001 when a group of news organizations finished their own examination of Florida's disputed ballots and released their tabulations showing that Gore would have won if all ballots considered legal under Florida law were counted. 
However, between the disputed election and the release of those numbers, the 9/11 attacks had occurred, so The New York Times, The Washington Post, CNN and other leading outlets did not want the American people to know that the wrong person was in the White House. Surely, telling the American people that fact amid the 9/11 crisis would not be 'good for the country.” 
So, senior editors at all the top new organizations decided to mislead the public by framing their stories in a deceptive way to obscure the most newsworthy discovery – that the so-called 'over-votes” in which voters both checked and wrote in their choices' names broke heavily for Gore and would have put him over the top regardless of which kinds of chads were considered for the 'under-votes” that hadn't registered on antiquated voting machines. 'Over-votes” would be counted under Florida law which bases its standards on 'clear intent of the voter.” 
However, instead of leading with Gore's rightful victory, the news organizations concocted hypotheticals around partial recounts that still would have given Florida narrowly to Bush. They either left out or buried the obvious lede that a historic injustice had occurred. Former Vice President Al Gore. (Photo credit: algore.com) 
On Nov. 12, 2001, the day that the news organizations ran those stories, I examined the actual data and quickly detected the evidence of Gore's victory. In a story that day, I suggested that senior news executives were exercising a misguided sense of patriotism. They had hid the reality for 'the good of the country,” much as Johnson's team had done in 1968 regarding Nixon's sabotage of the Paris peace talks and Hamilton's inquiry had done regarding the 1980 'October Surprise” case. 
Within a couple of hours of my posting the article at Consortiumnews.com, I received an irate phone call from The New York Times media writer Felicity Barringer, who accused me of impugning the journalistic integrity of then-Times executive editor Howell Raines. I got the impression that Barringer had been on the look-out for some deviant story that didn't accept the Bush-won conventional wisdom. 
However, this violation of objective and professional journalism – bending the slant of a story to achieve a preferred outcome rather than simply giving the readers the most interesting angle – was not simply about some historical event that had occurred a year earlier. It was about the future. 
By misleading Americans into thinking that Bush was the rightful winner of Election 2000 – even if the media's motivation was to maintain national unity following the 9/11 attacks – the major news outlets gave Bush greater latitude to respond to the crisis, including the diversionary invasion of Iraq under false pretenses. The Bush-won headlines of November 2001 also enhanced the chances of his reelection in 2004. [For the details of how a full Florida recount would have given Gore the White House, see Consortiumnews.com's ' Gore's Victory ,” ' So Bush Did Steal the White House ,” and ' Bush v. Gore's Dark American Decade. ”] 
A Phalanx of Misguided Consensus 
Looking back on these examples of candidates manipulating democracy, there appears to be one common element: after the 'stolen” elections, the media and political establishments quickly line up, shoulder to shoulder, to assure the American people that nothing improper has happened. Graceful 'losers” are patted on the back for not complaining that the voters' will had been ignored or twisted. U.S. Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia. 
Al Gore is praised for graciously accepting the extraordinary ruling by Republican partisans on the Supreme Court, who stopped the counting of ballots in Florida on the grounds, as Justice Antonin Scalia said, that a count that showed Gore winning (when the Court's majority was already planning to award the White House to Bush) would undermine Bush's 'legitimacy.” 
Similarly, Rep. Hamilton is regarded as a modern 'wise man,” in part, because he conducted investigations that never pushed very hard for the truth but rather reached conclusions that were acceptable to the powers-that-be, that didn't ruffle too many feathers. 
But the cumulative effect of all these half-truths, cover-ups and lies – uttered for 'the good of the country” – is to corrode the faith of many well-informed Americans about the legitimacy of the entire process. It is the classic parable of the boy who cried wolf too many times, or in this case, assured the townspeople that there never was a wolf and that they should ignore the fact that the livestock had mysteriously disappeared leaving behind only a trail of blood into the forest. 
So, when Donald Trump shows up in 2016 insisting that the electoral system is rigged against him, many Americans choose to believe his demagogy. But Trump isn't pressing for the full truth about the elections of 1968 or 1980 or 2000. He actually praises Republicans implicated in those cases and vows to appoint Supreme Court justices in the mold of the late Antonin Scalia. Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump. 
Trump's complaints about 'rigged” elections are more in line with the white Southerners during Jim Crow, suggesting that black and brown people are cheating at the polls and need to have white poll monitors to make sure they don't succeed at 'stealing” the election from white people. 
There is a racist undertone to Trump's version of a 'rigged” democracy but he is not entirely wrong about the flaws in the process. He's just not honest about what those flaws are. 
The hard truth is that the U.S. political process is not democracy's 'gold standard”; it is and has been a severely flawed system that is not made better by a failure to honestly address the unpleasant realities and to impose accountability on politicians who cheat the voters.

ARTICLE

Posted on October 27, 2016 by DavidSwanson 
A new poll from an unlikely source suggests that the U.S. public and the U.S. media have very little in common when it comes to matters of war and peace. 
This poll was commissioned by that notorious leftwing hotbed of peaceniks, the Charles Koch Institute, along with the Center for the National Interest (previously the Nixon Center, and before that the humorously named Nixon Center for Peace and Freedom). The poll was conducted by Survey Sampling International. 
They polled 1,000 registered voters from across the U.S. and across the political spectrum but slanted slightly toward older age groups. They asked: 
'Over the last 15 years, do you think U.S. foreign policy has made Americans more or less safe?” 
What, dear reader, do you say? 
If you say less safe, you not only agree with dozens of top U.S. officials the week after they retire, but you agree with 52.5% of the people polled. Those who said 'more safe” add up to 14%, while 25.2% said 'about the same” and 8.3% just didn't know. 
Well, at least all these humanitarian wars to spread democracy and eliminate weapons and destroy terror have benefited the rest of the world, right? 
Not according to the statistics that show terrorism on the rise during the war on terrorism, and not according to 50.5% of poll respondents who said U.S. foreign policy has made the world less safe. Meanwhile 12.6% said 'more safe” while 24.1% said it was about the same and 12.8% didn't know. 
Asked about four wars in particular, registered U.S. voters said each of them had made the U.S. less secure, by a margin of 49.6% to 20.9% on Iraq, 42.2% to 18.9% on Libya, 42.2% to 24.3% on Afghanistan, and 40.8% to 32.1% on bombing ISIS in Syria. 
These answers should not immediately be taken to prove that the U.S. public is universally wise and well informed, and (not coincidentally) at odds with U.S. media. Not only is that margin pretty slim on ISIS, but 43.3% of those polled said ISIS was the greatest threat the United States faces. Meanwhile 14.1% named Russia, 8.5% North Korea, 8.1% the national debt, 7.9% domestic terrorists, and bringing up the rear with the correct answer of global warming as the greatest threat were a grand total of 4.6% of those polled. 
A survey of U.S. news reports would certainly suggest a point of agreement here between the public and the media. But here is where it gets interesting. Although the public believes the hype about danger emanating from these foreign forces, it does not favor the solution it is endlessly offered by the media and the U.S. government. When asked if, compared to last 15 years, the next president should use the U.S. military abroad less, 51.1% agreed, while 24.2% said it should be used more. And 80.0% said that any president should be required to get congressional authorization before committing the U.S. to military action, while 10.2% rejected that radical idea that's been in the U.S. Constitution since day 1. 
The U.S. public may look quite depressingly ignorant in a quick survey of Youtube videos, but check this out: Asked if the U.S. government should deploy U.S. troops on the ground in Syria 51.1% said no, compared to 23.5% who said yes. Only 10% said yes on Yemen, while 22.8% said no — however, 40.7% said the U.S. government should keep 'supporting” Saudi Arabia in that war. 
Good majorities also oppose Japan acquiring nuclear weapons, Germany acquiring nuclear weapons, or the U.S. defending Taiwan against a Chinese attack. (Who invents these scenarios?) 
This moderately encouraging survey of public sentiment stands in stark contrast to U.S. media coverage of wars in general and Syria in particular . The New York Times' Nicholas Kristof is ready for a bigger war as are columnists in the Washington Post and USA Today , as well as, of course Chuck Todd and other televised talking head. Meanwhile Hillary Clinton's comment to Goldman Sachs that a 'no fly zone” would require 'killing a lot of Syrians” has received dramatically less press than her brave calls for creating a humanitarian no fly zone, and the steady depiction of that proposal as 'doing something”— in contrast to the only other option: 'doing nothing.” 
The public, however, rejects the only 'something” that's on offer and just might leap at the opportunity to try something else, if anyone ever proposed anything else . This entry was posted in General . Bookmark the permalink . ← Let's Be Clear – A Vote For Warmonger Hillary Clinton Is A Vote For World War 3 iseeitfx 
David, I'm all with you as far as being anti-war. The 'global warming' crap though is not even close to being an existential issue. Government itself is radically more dangerous than whatever little bit of warming/climate change might be due to human activities. diogenes 
Two obvious conclusions can be drawn here: 
*democracy is a good idea. Most people, even when poorly informed, or misinformed, still tend to make good choices for the demos. 
*democracy isn't working in America. Instead, we have the rule of a murderous plundering oligarchy of the one-in-a-thousand, and the 'mainstream media” is their hired liar mouthpiece. Which even so, although it has put American democracy in a coma, has not yet killed the American demos. But give them time. They're working on it. 
I disagree, however, that 'global warming' (or 'climate change') is the biggest threat faced by America. The biggest threat faced by America is Wall Street and its oligarchs, who themselves, with their technogreed ecocidal juggernaut, drive anthropogenic climate change, if any. Donate

ARTICLE

By Michael Snyder, End of the American Dream . 
If you want to see war without end, vote for Hillary Clinton. It is tremendously ironic that Hillary Clinton and the mainstream media have attempted to portray Donald Trump as 'dangerous” and 'temperamental”, because it is Clinton that actually has a long history of being emotionally unstable. She has a temper that is absolutely legendary, and she has been cussing out the men and women in her security detail for decades . Hillary Clinton played a key role in starting the civil war in Syria, thanks to her Libya is a post-apocalyptic wasteland today, and now she is picking a fight with the Russians before she has even won the election. Of all the candidates there were running for president this election cycle, there was nobody that was even close to as dangerous as Hillary Clinton, and if she wins the election I am fully convinced that World War 3 will begin before her time in the White House is over. 
Someone that shares this opinion with me is Donald Trump. According to Reuters , Trump recently stated that we are 'going to end up in World War Three over Syria if we listen to Hillary Clinton”… 
On Syria's civil war, Trump said Clinton could drag the United States into a world war with a more aggressive posture toward resolving the conflict. 
Clinton has called for the establishment of a no-fly zone and 'safe zones” on the ground to protect non-combatants. Some analysts fear that protecting those zones could bring the United States into direct conflict with Russian fighter jets. 
'What we should do is focus on ISIS. We should not be focusing on Syria,” said Trump as he dined on fried eggs and sausage at his Trump National Doral golf resort. 'You're going to end up in World War Three over Syria if we listen to Hillary Clinton.” 
In order to have a no-fly zone in Syria, you would have to enforce it. 
And in order to enforce it, you would have to be willing to shoot at the Russians. 
According to National Intelligence Director James Clapper , that could have dire consequences… 
Russia could shoot down a U.S. aircraft if a no-fly zone were imposed over Syria, National Intelligence Director James Clapper said Tuesday. 
'I wouldn't put it past them to shoot down an American aircraft if they felt that was threatening to their forces on the ground,” Clapper said, speaking with CBS' Charlie Rose at the Council on Foreign Relations in New York about several national security issues. 
Of course Clapper is not alone in that assessment. The Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, General Joseph Francis Dunford, says that imposing a no-fly zone over all of Syria 'would require us to go to war” … 
'Right now, Senator, for us to control all of the airspace in Syria it would require us to go to war, against Syria and Russia,… That's a pretty fundamental decision that certainly I'm not going to make.” ( Senate Armed Services Committee, September 22, 2016, emphasis added) 
But Hillary Clinton is unwavering in her position that this is what she wants. 
You see, the truth is that Hillary Clinton wants to win the war that she started in Syria. Back in 2011, she spearheaded an effort along with Saudi Arabia and Turkey to try to use the Arab Spring uprisings in the Middle East as an opportunity to try to overthrow President Assad in Syria. If it wasn't for her meddling, millions of refugees would not be pouring into Europe and elsewhere, and there would be no 'humanitarian crisis” in Syria at all. 
Thanks to Russian intervention, the war in Syria is not too far from being over, but the Obama administration is desperate to keep it going. They understand that if Assad is victorious that all of their efforts for the last five years have been wasted, and that is why they are so determined to keep Aleppo from falling. Without Aleppo, many of the jihadist rebels that the Obama administration has been supporting won't have anywhere to hide. 
So the Obama administration has actually been considering direct strikes against the Syrian military, and the Russians have already said that they will not allow this to happen . If Obama is insane enough to order airstrikes against Syrian forces and the Russians start shooting back, that could set off a chain of events that could rapidly spiral completely out of control. 
One recent survey found that current American leadership has a 1 percent approval rating in Russia right now, and the Russians dislike Hillary Clinton even more than they dislike Barack Obama. The Russians know that if Hillary Clinton is elected that it is quite likely that they will have to fight a war with us, and that is why they desperately want Donald Trump to win in November. You can see this outlook reflected in comments that Russian President Vladimir Putin recently made about the two candidates … 
'Mrs. Clinton has chosen to take up a very aggressive stance against our country, against Russia. Mr. Trump, on the other hand, calls for cooperation – at least when it comes to the international fight against terrorism,” Putin said. 
'Naturally we welcome those who would like to cooperate with us. And we consider it wrong, that we always have to be in conflict with one another, creating existential threats for each other and for the whole world,” Putin noted. 
Anyone that watched the three presidential debates could see that Hillary Clinton is absolutely seething with animosity for Russia. The thought of her finger on the nuclear trigger is almost too terrible to contemplate, but it may soon become a reality. 
And even now, the Obama administration and our NATO allies are shifting forces into position for a confrontation with Moscow. This week it is being reported that NATO troops will soon be sent to Poland, Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania … Nine hundred US troops are to be sent to eastern Europe next year as America's troubled relationship with Russia enters new, uncertain territory. A US-led battle group of NATO allied soldiers will be sent to Poland as part of the multi-nation operation. British forces will lead one of the four battle groups in Estonia, Canada will spearhead the presence in Latvia and Germany will be present in Lithuania. 
In addition, Infowars is reporting that U.S. Marines will soon be stationed in Norway near the border with Russia… 
After accepting a Pentagon proposal, Norway will host US Marines at a base near the Russian border as Russia deploys nuclear-capable ships to Kaliningrad. 
A rotating force of approximately 330 Marines will be stationed at an airfield in the city of Vaernes, just outside Trondheim, beginning in January. Norway and Russia share an 122-mile border in the Arctic. 
'The US initiative to augment their training and exercises in Norway by locating a Marine Corps Rotational Force in Norway is highly welcome and will have positive implications for our already strong bilateral relationship,” said Norwegian Defense Minister Ine Eriksen Søreide. 
Most Americans aren't aware of any of this, nor do they really care about our relationship with Russia. 
But in Russia things are completely different. The possibility of war with the United States is the biggest news story over there these days , and feverish preparations are being made for a potential nuclear confrontation … 
Russian authorities have stepped up nuclear-war survival measures amid a showdown with Washington, dusting off Soviet-era civil-defense plans and upgrading bomb shelters in the biggest cities. 
At the Kremlin's Ministry of Emergency Situations, the Cold War is back. 
The country recently held its biggest civil defense drills since the collapse of the U.S.S.R., with what officials said were 40 million people rehearsing a response to chemical and nuclear threats. 
I know that I have been writing about this over and over , but the truth is that we are on a path to war with Russia, and the election of Hillary Clinton would greatly accelerate the march toward war.

ARTICLE

Posted on October 27, 2016 by Charles Hugh Smith 
Correspondent Bart D. (Australia) captured the entire global economy in three words: The Landfill Economy . Stuff is manufactured, energy is consumed shipping it somewhere, consumers buy it and shortly thereafter it ends up as garbage in the landfill. 
This is of course the definition of 'economic growth”: waste, inefficiency, environmental destruction–none of these matter. Only two things matter: maximize 'growth” by any means necessary, and maximize profits by any means necessary. 
The Landfill Economy now encompasses the entire planet. The swirling gyre of plastic trash the size of Texas between Hawaii and California: it's just one modest example of the planetary trash dump that 'growth” and profit generate as byproducts/blowback. 
The planet's oceans are one giant trash dump. Everything from plastic water bottles to abandoned fishing nets to radiation to containers that fell off ships is floating around even the most distant corners of the seas. Seabirds nesting in remote islands die of starvation as their guts fill with plastic bits of 'permanent growth.” 
Globalization has turned the planet's land masses and rivers into trash dumps. Want to make a quick profit along a tropical sea coast? Dig some big holes near the coast, dump in baby prawns, food and chemicals to suppress algae blooms and diseases and then harvest the prawns to ship to the insatiable markets of the developed world. 
Once the prawn farms are poisoned wastelands, move on and despoil another coastline elsewhere. 
Globalization has greased the slippery slope from factory to landfill by enabling the global distribution of defective parts. Whether they are pirated, designed to fail or just the result of slipshod quality control, the flood of defective parts guarantee that the entire assembly they are installed in–stoves, vacuum cleaners, transmissions, electronics, you name it–will soon fail and be shipped directly to the landfill, as repairing stuff is far costlier than buying a new replacement. 
QE/ZIRP Is Crushing the Global Supply Chain, Product Quality and Profits (October 17, 2016) 
The Keynesian Cargo Cults that rule global economics love The Landfill Economy because it means more 'growth”. Never mind the poisoned seas, rivers and land, or the immense waste of energy, commodities and labor that result from the global manufacture and distribution of shoddy products: if it adds to 'growth,” it's all good in the warped view of the Keynesian Cargo Cults. 
We got your 'growth” right here. 
People are also tossed on the trash heap with careless abandon. The health of workers is a cost that reduces profits, so it's ignored unless it can be turned into a profit center via state funding for managing preventable diseases, i.e. sickcare. 
A worker sickened by industrial waste or lifestyle illnesses who becomes a profit center is a wonderful source of 'growth” and profits. 
A worker who can't generate a corporation or state a profit is dumped on the trash heap as a matter of routine. A worker who can't generate somebody a profit or 'growth” by taking on more debt to spend spend spend is worthless. 
If a robot or software can do the same work, then it is self-destructive for an enterprise to pay a human worker: if profits fall, Wall Street will crucify the enterprise and competitors will eat it alive. 
This 'maximizing growth and profits is the highest good” mode of production is insane. It doesn't have to rule the world. As I outline in my book A Radically Beneficial World: Automation, Technology & Creating Jobs for All , other more efficient, sustainable and humane modes of production are within reach if we escape from the global grip of the destructive 'growth by any means” cult.

ARTICLE

Posted on October 27, 2016 by Carl Herman 
'It is no use trying to escape their (Empire's) arrogance by submission or good behavior. Robbers of the world, having by universal plunder exhausted the land, their drive is greed. If the enemy be rich, they are rapacious; if poor, they lust for domination. Neither rule of the East nor West can satisfy them. Alone among men, they crave with equal eagerness poverty and riches. To plunder, slaughter, seize with false pretenses, they give the lying name 'empire.' And where nothing remains but a desert, they call that 'peace.' ” – Tacitus, The Agricola and the Germania (analyses here , here ). Tacitus wrote ~ 100 AD, a century into empire. Emperors proclaimed to the public that their government still upheld the highest ideals of their Republic, claiming expanding empire was only and always in 'self-defense.” 
'One Love! Let's get together and feel all right. Hear the children cryin' Hear the children cryin' (One Heart! )” ~ Bob Marley, One Love 
language warning: Socrates and I speak in the same direct language that caused his execution for 'corrupting the young.” 
Socrates: Carl! 
Carl: Soc! (bro hug) 
S: How may I be of service? (genuine smile) 
C: I just want to talk with an honest person, bro. We last talked 6 months ago . I don't know if I have anything new to say, but I want to talk with someone who can hear. 
S: I'll try. What about? 
C: We're finishing a so-called 'election” season that's 'jumped the shark” (and here ) with the Left-wing candidate a proven criminal, and Right-wing candidate a depraved Roman Emperor wanna-be . These are Left and Right arms of one illegal rogue state US empire , of course. 
S: Of course. 
C: So I keep feeling that we have to be near an endgame, Soc. We have to be, given the open floodgates of evidence about s much criminal activity by the .01% centered in war , looting , and lying . 
I mean, really, how much longer can this go on?! 
S: (smiling) Are you asking me, or just pausing for dramatic effect? 
C: I'm asking if you have any answers. 
S: (shrugs) I went through a 27-year civil war after almost 50 years of Athenian 'leaders” concentrating an empire under their dominion. As we discussed in some detail , Athen's 'love of freedom” and spin that foreign barbarians 'hate us for our freedoms” was total inversion of the facts because 'freedom” was only meant for us, and not anyone else. Everyone else had to pay tribute or face military invasion. 
This hypocrisy in my time produced civil war. Those of us voicing the facts were insufficient to prevent it, or stop it once started. (Pauses to look intensely into my eyes) 
So you tell me: how much longer could your struggle go on? 
C: Fuck. 
I really don't want a civil war. 
S: Fuck, indeed. If it comes, maybe you'll be lucky. Maybe it won't last 27 years. 
C: Fuck. 
S: But I do have a brighter perspective. I mean, how many of the non-sheeple would care to talk with me if all I ever did is leave them discouraged? (chuckles) Who would converse with Socrates if those who did were asked, 'Hey, how did your conversation with Socrates go?' and the responses were all disheartened, 'Fuck!' (laughs) 
C: Alright, go. What's the higher light? 
S: You already know it. You tell me. 
C: Ok, you're right. Maybe my being on Earth is all about growth, truth, and service, and I have to exercise real-world Faith to the One Life. It's my job as a guest on this planet to harmonize in service to the Goddess ' plan for Earth. Those of us who are relative beacons of light are isolated by design, obviously, by the facts of our relative leadership and lack of response from the public. 
(smile) At least I haven't been voted by my peers for execution, as you were, Soc, for standing for truth. 
S: Not yet, anyway. If you had taken other pathways, you would have been assassinated by your oligarchs, such as Martin King , President Kennedy , and others . 
C: (sigh) I guess I don't really have anything new to discuss. I just want to win this game. End the empire. Have truth and love. 
It's been a long war, bro. 
S: Indeed it has. Longer than you know. 
C: So much bullshit . 
S: Only bullshit. Any truth has been co-opted, controlled, and used to mask the empire. The only reason I'm allowed onto your history pages is pretense that humanity lives on a planet operated from ideals of virtue. 
It's the same with religious ideals of love. 
C: I'm ready to win. 
S: So was I. 
C: (sigh) Alright. So another day in the empire. Ok. Fine. Real-world exercise of Faith. The Goddess has more evolution to oversee with love and wisdom before we see a breakthrough. I can embrace that. 
It's really stupid to argue with reality. 
Really stupid. 
S: (smiling) Apparently, yes. 
We have to work with what we have, assuredly. There is no other option. 
C: We discussed in our previous conversations linked for readers below that the US today compares to your empire in Athens, and the case that perhaps, just maybe, the US is on the verge of breakthrough for Truth and Love. 
S: Perhaps my history can allow perspective on your world of the present, and encourage Americans today to best use their voice and virtue for a brighter path than the civil war we endured. 
Certainly for all interested, this consideration is worthy of investing time and attention. History is literally all we know, and what drives our understanding of the present. History is what informs our direction for building the future. 
America's history is at war between an awakening We the People and a deeply evil .01% committed to undisclosed vicious empire. 
Your history could devolve into civil war. (chuckles) As would-be Emperor Trump might say: 'Sad.” 
C: (shaking my head, slight smile). Ok, I gotta' go to work. Another day in the empire. My vote still stands to planetary management for full fucking truth in a breakthrough. I like a potential trend with revealing e-mails, but want a breakthrough that causes arrests of our .01% leaders in elegant endgame. 
S: Yes, and I'd like to fly, breath underwater swimming like a dolphin, and have daily dinner parties with wine, music and women! 
C: (mock agreement) Me, too! 
Ok, our wants aren't our best guides, necessarily. 
I do have to go to work. Back to 'earning a living.” 
S: Make the most of it. It's your given area of self-expression. 
C: I promise. I'll lead by example of my best good-faith expression and experience of virtue. 
Another day. 
S: Perhaps just another day. Perhaps you can't imagine what's coming. 
C: Human limitations. I'll work with what I see. 
S: That's all I concluded was possible. That's all I got for wisdom. I didn't teach anything other than look for yourself what's right there in front of you to see. Listen to your small voice within for your best call of virtue. 
Step-by-step, my brother. In all empathy, live your Faith that you're loved and guided more than you're able to imagine. 
(bro hug) 
We'll do our best. 
'Interview” series:

ARTICLE

By David Haggith, the Great Recession Blog . 
As we near Halloween, the US stock market looks like it's whistling past the graveyard near the end of a year that I predicted would be the dawn of 'the Epocalypse.” (By that, I meant an economic apocalypse, the likes of which we've never seen.) 
So far, however, that prediction has not manifested. In fact, the market's fibrillating heartbeat in this graph exhibits a preternatural and eery calm. But it is too calm — too calm to be natural. The stock market plunged on my predicted schedule at the start of the year in what turned into the worst January in the US stock market's history. Then, suddenly, it was resurrected, great death defied; but, after a rapid recovery it lost consciousness and now behaves more like the walking dead. 
I have never seen a more rigged looking stock market. The Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA) has been flatlining in the narrowest range possible for almost four months. Coincidence, or has the Fed clandestinely set a threshold below which it will not let the market fall, just like it does openly for inflation — in order to make sure that nothing happens economically that would push voters toward Donald Trump? Is the Federal Reserve rigging the stock market in order to drag itself through this monstrous election cycle alive? 
While the Fed is barred by law from buying stocks, it has been creating money for its banking proxies to buy stocks ever since the Great Recession hit. It's common knowledge and also confessed this year by Fed officials , that the Fed has been pumping up the stock market; but I'm asking are they taking new extraordinary measures behind the scenes? The market now looks like it has been pushed as high as it will go and is being held against that ceiling by some mysterious levitating force. 
Donald Trump recently made it clear that he'd love to put a stake in the heart of the Federal Reserve by firing Janet Yellen … if he could. The prospect of such an acrimonious relationship with a president, telegraphed so clearly by a candidate with a strong chance of winning, surely puts the Fed in a fearful state of self-preservation. All creatures in a state of self-preservation — especially the hideous ones — will do nearly anything to survive. 
I can't say that I know the Fed is doing anything new or different than what it has done for the past seven years; but I can say with certainty that this stock market doesn't look like anything we've seen in the past seven years … or even that I've seen anytime in my career. 
John Rubino of DollarCollapse.com calls it 'The Boredom Before the Storm” and observes … 
With all the surprising and disturbing things going on – Brexit, China's soaring debt, US/Russia/China saber rattling, the unique US presidential race, the cyber attack that shut down big parts of the US Internet – you'd think that an unsettled world would be reflected in skittish financial markets. Instead we're getting the opposite, with stock price movements becoming more and more placid as the year goes on. 
Indeed. Like Rubino, I find it strange that, with so much disturbing news around the world, the stock market looks like a sea that is a smooth as glass (compared to how the market's ups and downs have looked at any other time). You'd think there was never a season more calming to the nerves of investors than the last four months, even as Wall Street daily screams out its fears about a possible Trump victory. 
In case you don't think the above graph looks highly suspect, consider that the Dow has now closed below its fifty-day moving average every day without falling below its two-hundred-day moving average for thirty-two sessions. That may not sound like any technical big deal, but what that means is that the Dow has traded within the range of those two averages for the longest time in twenty-seven years ! In fact, the current stretch is three days longer ( and running ) than what the Dow managed back in 1989. (That's just as far back as I had time to research to try to find a period that came close.) Is the White House also in on the fix … if a fix it is? 
At a time when Barrack Obama has been boasting that his administration brought the national deficit down (and when I suspect the Obama Admin. would like to tamp it down as much as possible to make Democrats look good for the election), Federal government spending just leaped 67% in August over the month before and 23% over the year before. Another way of saying that is that this spending surge created a deficit for August that was 40% higher than last August's deficit. 
Why would the Obama administration risk losing its bragging rights over lowering the deficit so close to the election unless something more important than those bragging rights was at stake? (The president can, after all, do things by executive order to slow spending.) It could, of course, simply be that the King Pin and his henchmen recognized no one was buying their story, so they gave up maintaining the charade. Or … it could be that the economy began sinking so badly that massive efforts were needed to shore things up behind the scenes. Or … ? 
While I don't know the reasoning for the spending explosion at a time when the Obama wants to firmly establish his legacy as our savior from the Great Recession, I will note that there is nothing like a massive burst of last-minute government spending on top of whatever the Feral Reserve might be doing to superficially float the economy a little longer. If your boat starts leaking badly and you're only a hundred yards from shore, the best solution is to power quickly toward shore, not spend time trying to make lasting repairs. No October surprise this October … so far … boo! 
October has a reputation for being a nasty month for the stock market. It's the month in which you had usually better buckle your seatbelt because October has seen more stock market crashes than any other month. Sixty-percent of the largest one-day drops in the US stock market have happened in October. 
This Halloweenish month has broken more volatility records than any other month. That makes it especially odd that the VIX, which tracks market volatility, hasn't been this steady in any month since the months that preceded the Great Recession. (Everyone thought everything was fine then, too.) 
As short volatility market positions continue to build – largely as a consequence of central banks suppressing volatility to prevent recessions – maverick money manager Jesse Felder is warning the end result of the volatility trade could be a very painful lesson for investors with significant stock market repercussions. Having started out at Bear Stearns before co-founding his own multi-billion-dollar hedge fund, Jesse Felder is now more at home educating the masses on the truth in financial markets through his blog The Felder Report …. Felder expresses his concern that the lack of volatility will inevitably create more volatility, the likes of which have never been seen before. 'I'm not calling for a stock market crash … but if you want to look at what's the probability of that type of an event, it's probably got to be as high as it's ever been.” ( Business Insider ) 
Felder also says in a television interview that another sign of 'way too much complacency” in the stock market is that… 
…we're seeing financial stress; everybody's dismissing it…. It's big-time denial. 
Investor complacency or even irrational exuberance are the hallmarks of the final days before a stock-market bust because markets crash when people are most blind. (If they weren't blind, they'd see the problem coming and avert catastrophe.) Everyone was complacent in 2007 about all warnings, just as no one now seems to care that the market has plowed its mushy head into a ceiling that is slowly squishing down upon it. 
This October looks more sloppy than choppy, and that's … in spite of just entering another reporting period of fairly weak earnings, in spite of the European Central Bank talking about backing away from quantitative easing, in spite of the US national debt hitting twenty-trillion dollars, in spite of the Federal Reserve edging toward a possible interest-rate hike now that inflation and employment have met the Fed's stated targets, in spite of the Bank of Japan holding back on its QE, in spite of China looking like another round of collapse is imminent, in spite of the largest and oldest banks in Europe teetering on collapse, in spite of the great European unwind called 'Brexit,” in spite of a proxy war between the US and Russia flaring up in the Middle East, and in spite of that scary, red-haired Chucky doll named Trump. 
Hmm. Is history's calmest stock market in the midst of all that a sign of peak complacency or irrationality? Or is it a sign that the market is being firmly fixed in place by the Fed and the government? Either way, looks like a crash is imminent. You decide. I'll just note that the market looks as calm as the eye in the middle of the hurricane that is, itself, surrounded by hurricanes. 
While the ride has been mysteriously quiet for the last four months, note that the trend over those months is ever so gradually downward. So, if the fix is in, it is a fix that is barely holding, despite all the Fed and the government can throw at it. 
Are investors just treading water, as some commentators explain, waiting until the election decides who is president. If so, that's something they have not done with this level of calm in any previous election cycles. Or are the Fed and the Gov lifting with all their combined might in hidden ways to try to hold up a lowering ceiling so that no one will suspect the Obama-praised Obama recovery is already dead? 
I don't actually know. I just want to make the stinking peculiarity of this zombie economy abundantly clear.

ARTICLE

Posted on October 26, 2016 by DavidSwanson 
Officially, of course, the national bird of the United States is that half-a-peace-sign that Philadelphia sports fans like to hold up at opposing teams. But unofficially, the film National Bird has it right: the national bird is a killer drone. 
Finally, finally, finally, somebody allowed me to see this movie. And finally somebody made this movie. There have been several drone movies worth seeing , most of them fictional drama , and one very much worth avoiding ( Eye in the Sky ). But National Bird is raw truth, not entirely unlike what you might fantasize media news reports would be in a magical world in which media outlets gave a damn about human life. 
The first half of National Bird is the stories of three participants in the U.S. military's drone murder program, as told by them. And then, just as you're starting to think you'll have to write that old familiar review that praises how well the stories of the victims among the aggressors were told but asks in exasperation whether any of the victims of the actual missiles have any stories, National Bird expands to include just what is so often missing, and even to combine the two narratives in a powerful way. 
Heather Linebaugh wanted to protect people, benefit the world, travel, see the world, and use super cool technology. Apparently our society did not explain to her in time what it means to join the military. Now she suffers guilt, anxiety, moral injury, PTSD, sleep disorder, despair, and a sense of responsibility to speak out on behalf of friends, other veterans, who have killed themselves or become too alcoholic to speak for themselves. Linebaugh helped murder people with missiles from drones, and watched them die, and identified body parts or watched loved ones gather up body parts. 
Even while still in the Air Force, Linebaugh was on a suicide watch list and had a psychologist recommend moving her to a different sort of job, but the Air Force refused. She has episodes. She sees things. She hears things. But she's forbidden to discuss her work with friends or even with a therapist who doesn't have the proper 'security clearance.” 
We let Daniel down even more than Heather. He says he actually opposed militarism but was homeless and desperate, so he joined the military. We could have given him a house for much less than we paid him to help murder people at Fort Meade. 
Lisa Ling worked on a database filled by drone surveillance that compiled information on 121,000 'targets” in two years. Multiply that by a dozen years. With 90% of victims not among the targets, add up how many people would die in the targeting of the whole list. That'd be over 7 million. But it's not numbers that have poisoned the souls of these three veterans; it's children and mothers and brothers and uncles lying in pieces on the ground. 
Ling travels to Afghanistan to see the place at ground level and to meet with drone victims. She meets a little boy who lost his leg and his 4-year-old brother and his sister and his father. On February 2, 2010, drone 'pilots” at Creech Air Base murdered 23 innocent members of one family. 
The filmmakers have voices read the written transcript of what the drone operators said to each other before, during, and after sending in the missiles that did the damage. This is worse than Collateral Murder . The people whose job it is to identify children and others who should not be murdered have identified children among the group of people being targeted. The 'pilots” at Creech are eager to reject this information and to get onto killing as many people as they can. Their lust for blood drives the decision process. Only after they've killed 23 people do they recognize children among the survivors, and the lack of guns. 
We see the bodies brought home to bury. Those injured describe their suffering, physical as well as mental. We see people being fitted with artificial legs. We hear Afghans describe their perception of drones. They imagine, just as many Americans may imagine, and just as viewers of Eye in the Sky would imagine, that drone operators have a clear, high resolution view of everything. In fact, they have a view of fuzzy little blobs on a computer screen that looks like it was created in the 1980s. 
Linebaugh says there is no way to distinguish the little 'civilian” blobs from little 'militant” blobs. When Daniel hears President Obama claim that there is always near certainty that no civilians will be killed, Daniel explains that such knowledge is simply not possible. Linebaugh says she was often on the side of the conversation telling the 'pilots” at Creech not to murder innocents, but that they always pushed for permission to kill. 
Jesselyn Radack, attorney for whistleblowers, says in the film that the FBI told two whistleblowers that a terrorist group had put them on a kill list. She said that the FBI has also contacted Linebaugh's family and warned her that 'terrorists” have been searching for her name online, suggesting that she fix this problem by shutting up. (She had written an op-ed in the Guardian ). 
The FBI also raids Daniel's house, arriving with 30 to 50 agents, badges, guns, cameras, and search warrants. They take away his papers, electronics, and phone. They tell him he is under investigation for a possible indictment under the Espionage Act. This is the World War I-era law for targeting foreign enemies that President Obama has made a routine of using to target domestic whistleblowers. While Obama has prosecuted more people under this law than did all previous presidents combined, we probably have no way of knowing how many people have been explicitly threatened with the possibility. 
While we should be apologizing to, comforting, and aiding these young people rather than denying them the right to speak to anybody and threatening them with decades in prison, Lisa Ling did manage to find some kindness. Victims of drone strikes in Afghanistan told her that they forgave her. As the film ends, she's planning another trip to Afghanistan. This entry was posted in General . Bookmark the permalink . Is the Fed Fix in for the election? → paul 
If aggression is perhaps the most ignoble act, self defense may be one of the most noble. Non-violence may be both a more enlightened and even more pragmatic way of self-defense – though that may depend on the circumstances – but we must not put self defense in the same category as aggression, Lincoln 
In addition: July 23, 2016 Study Says Drones Generate More Terrorism 
Using lethal drones to kill 'bad guys” on the other side of the planet is offensive to many people on moral grounds, but a new study finds it is also ineffective in reducing terrorism, observes ex-CIA analyst Paul R. Pillar.

ARTICLE

Activist Post 
A month after the last ceasefire in Syria fell apart as a result of the failure of the United States and its terrorist proxies to adhere to just one of their obligations under the agreement, the United States government is still claiming that the reason there is no ceasefire ongoing in Syria is entirely the fault of President Bashar al-Assad and, of course, the scary Russians. 
In fact, on October 20, infamous narcissist, State Department Spokesman John Kirby openly stated that the 'only thing” standing in the way of a 'permanent ceasefire” in Syria is the 'regime” of Bashar al-Assad. 
'The only thing that stands between where we are now and a permanent and enduring ceasefire in Syria is Bashar al-Assad and his supporters,” he said. 
In other words, 'If Assad would just step down and let us have our way with his country, we wouldn't have to keep killing civilians, funding proxy terrorists, and bombing Syrian infrastructure.” Doesn't Assad understand that the U.S. owns his country and that he is supposed to follow the dictates of Washington regardless of what the Syrian people desire? The nerve of Assad, trying to defeat terrorists and maintain the sovereignty of his nation! 
Kirby did, at least, acknowledge the presence of al-Nusra, but only tepidly. 'We recognize Al-Nusra as a spoiler, we have concerns about co-mingling, I've talked about this ad nauseam,” he said. 
Of course, al-Nusra is more than just a mere 'spoiler,” it is open terrorist organization that the United States armed, funded, and trained to act as a proxy force that is no ideologically (or even physically) different than ISIS, Ahrar al-Sham, or the 'moderates” of the Free Syrian Army. It is also an organization that the United States was supposed to separate from the groups of these shadowy 'moderates” we have heard so much about over the course of the last five years but who are apparently phantoms lurking about in the rafters of the Syrian theatre. 
The very fact that the United States blamed Russia (along with Assad) for the collapse of the ceasefire and argued that the U.S. was not supposed to separate the 'moderates” from the 'extremists” until after seven days is thus an admission that, without the requirements of the ceasefire in place, the U.S. would never have separated them at all. But this was the crux of the U.S. position; essentially that it knew who the 'moderate” cannibals were and that they were different from the extremist cannibals. If that is the case, then wouldn't separating the two be the goal all along? Why did the United States need to be required by a ceasefire agreement (as a concession no less) to separate the two different elements of the 'opposition” if it was truly in support of defeating the 'extremists?” 
As Joseph Thomas writes for New Eastern Outlook , 
It also appears to be no coincidence that this scenario now openly unfolding in Syria fulfils warnings published by Western journalists as early as 2007 ( Seymour Hersh, The Redirection ) in which it was revealed that the US was already at that time providing material support to extremist organisations 'sympathetic to Al Qaeda” toward the end goal of overthrowing the governments of both Iran and Syria. 
While the US now claims Russia has sabotaged US efforts to bring an end to hostilities in Syria, Washington is also illogically attempting to argue that the failure of its feigned 'peace talks” has also somehow prevented the US from targeting terrorists organisations in Syria, the alleged pretext of America's presence in Syria to begin with. 
Despite strained relations with Russia, the US is still cooperating with Moscow regarding the use of Syrian airspace to avoid unintentional confrontations. While the cessation of hostilities may have collapsed, is there really any excuse as to why separating designated terrorist organisations from militant groups the US and its allies are providing billions in weapons and equipment to is still not an absolute and urgent priority? 
The answer is, no — there is no excuse. Or perhaps it is more accurate to say, it is simply an excuse for the US to continue funnelling men and materiel into Syria Washington knows with absolute certainty will end up in the ranks of Al Qaeda, whom the US admittedly intended to use as early as 2007 to overthrow the Syrian government with. 
As a result, the State Department's ridiculous leveling of the blame for the failure of the ceasefire on Assad can be chalked up to yet another statement based in absolute falsehood and intentional deception. Indeed, this is the type of statement the U.S. State Department is becoming renowned for the world over, from blaming Russia for bombing a convoy even if it didn't bomb the convoy , claiming Russian aggression in Ukraine, asserting that Assad is 'killing his own people,” 'barrel bombing civilians,” and attacking hospitals, what little shred of credibility the State Department may have left outside of American borders is rapidly disappearing. 
Brandon Turbeville – article archive here – is the author of seven books, Codex Alimentarius — The End of Health Freedom , 7 Real Conspiracies , Five Sense Solutions and Dispatches From a Dissident, volume 1 and volume 2 , The Road to Damascus: The Anglo-American Assault on Syria, and The Difference it Makes: 36 Reasons Why Hillary Clinton Should Never Be President . Turbeville has published over 850 articles on a wide variety of subjects including health, economics, government corruption, and civil liberties. Brandon Turbeville's radio show Truth on The Tracks can be found every Monday night 9 pm EST at UCYTV . His website is BrandonTurbeville.com He is available for radio and TV interviews. Please contact activistpost (at) gmail.com . 
This article may be freely shared in part or in full with author attribution and source link . This entry was posted in propaganda . Bookmark the permalink . The U.S. National Bird Is Now a Drone → MyWikiDisQus 
Kirby the human Furby communicates in Furbish to confuse and deflect the reporters' questions in the press secretary briefing room. He stated that, 'the 'only thing” standing in the way of a 'permanent ceasefire” in Syria is the 'regime” of Bashar al-Assad.' 
Yes, the well worn political science propaganda phrase, 'the only thing standing in the way of a permanent ceasefire is …” has been used across the centuries to twist the truth in favor of the aggressor. Imagine England's King George III proclaiming this to the American colonists or the Nazi's dictating it to the French Maquis, or in more modern times, the Israelis persuading the Hamas resistance in Zionist occupied Palestine. 
'Surrender to U.S. hegemony and relinquish all sovereign rights to Syrian land and its natural resources so our corporations can exploit it,” is what the stark message really means. 
At the end of the session, Kirby left the journalists dumbfounded with his favorite Furbish goodbye, 'u-nye-way-loh-nee-way” which translates to, 'You go sleep now”. The whole world is in a slumber, insouciant to the ground swell of evil slime that flows out of the Potomac's foggy bottom to spread tyranny everywhere. madrino 
Mr. Swanson's research of America's history of coups, wars and similar acts identifies to me, not to expect change to come from the power structure that has been in place since the country's inception. Syria, Libya, Iraq, Afghanistan and countless others are under the boot of the war of terror. Those of us that want peace must wage peace since all other organizations that claim to be such have proven otherwise. Since the creation UN, the wealth gap between rich and poor nations has gotten much greater, and the movement of wealth within rich nations is concentrated at the top .01% as so aptly described by Carl Herman. Charles Hugh Smith has promoted ideas and solutions to change the current system of privlage of the few, to opportunities for all willing to put in the effort to succeed socially and economically. twinfishfour . 
The US has left Iraq and Libya in chaos, and it intends to leave Syria in chaos, with portions of the spoils promised to Israel and other portions promised to the Kurds. The chaos inflicted on Syria by US policy with help from the Saudis and others will not resolve immediately, but it will resolve a lot sooner if the US ceases to attempt regime change in Syria. Which is more 'convert to failed state” than regime change if you look at the pattern established in Afghanistan, Iraq, and Libya. Even Ukraine, in spite of the conversion of property and power to the Fortune 500 and crony capitalists from the west, is worse off than it was before US attempts (through proxies) at regime change. So, now, when it comes to foreign policy, if Uncle Sam's lips are moving, they are telling lies. Irony of ironies. skygroup 
Apply online in just minutes, with no impact to your credit score. You can instantly review the loan offers that you qualify for, and you'll never need to visit a branch to complete your application.Flexible financial tool. Contact Donate

ARTICLE

Artwork by Anthony Freda, AnthonyFreda.com 

Trump claims that Clinton's policy on Syria would lead to World War 3. 
Let's fact check … 
The Washington Post points out that a vote for Clinton is a vote for escalating military confrontation in Syria and elsewhere: 
In the rarefied world of the Washington foreign policy establishment, President Obama's departure from the White House — and the possible return of a more conventional and hawkish Hillary Clinton — is being met with quiet relief. 
The Republicans and Democrats who make up the foreign policy elite are laying the groundwork for a more assertive American foreign policy, via a flurry of reports shaped by officials who are likely to play senior roles in a potential Clinton White House . 
*** 
The studies, which reflect Clinton's stated views, break most forcefully with Obama on Syria …. call[ing] for stepped-up military action to deter President Bashar al-Assad's regime and Russian forces in ­Syria. 
*** 
Most of the studies propose limited American airstrikes with cruise missiles to punish Assad …. 
*** 
Last year, Obama dismissed calls for a no-fly zone in northwestern Syria — a position advocated by Clinton — as ' half-baked .” 
*** 
Even pinprick cruise-missile strikes designed to hobble the ­Syrian air force or punish Assad would risk a direct confrontation with Russian forces, which are scattered throughout the key ­Syrian military bases that would be targeted. 
'You can't pretend you can go to war against Assad and not go to war against the Russians,” said a senior administration official who is involved in Middle East policy and was granted anonymity to discuss internal White House deliberations. 
The most liberal presidential candidate still running – Green Party candidate Jill Stein – says: "It should clear to everyone that a vote for Hillary Clinton is a vote for war." — @ajamubaraka Watch live: https://t.co/0B6NJLNY5j 
— Dr. Jill Stein (@DrJillStein) October 13, 2016 Under Hillary Clinton, we could very quickly slide into nuclear war with her declared policy in Syria. I call for a #PeaceOffensive . 
She explains : 
Hillary Clinton wants to start an air war with Russia. Let's be clear: That's what a no-fly zone means. It is tantamount to a declaration of war against Russia. 
*** 
Clearly the Democrats are incredibly embarrassed about the nature of these [email] revelations, and they've created a smokescreen here to try and distract from that. But that smokescreen is pushing us to the brink of warfare with Russia now, where you have the U.S. head of defense, Ashton Carter, talking about nuclear war. We just did a dry run dropping fake nuclear bombs over Nevada. This is really dangerous stuff; this is not pretend. So we need to take a deep breath here, we need to step back and stop beating the war drums. In this context, Hillary Clinton is talking about starting an air war with Russia. Which could slide—you know, we're on the verge of nuclear war right now. 
*** 
The most likely nuclear threat right now is with Russia. There's no doubt about that. When you have Mikhail Gorbachev, who was the prime minister of the Soviet Union during the Cold War, saying that the threat of nuclear war is hotter now than it has ever been in all of history, you've got to take that pretty seriously. And when you have Hillary Clinton then beating the war drums against Russia, and essentially saying that if she's elected that we will declare war on Russia—because that's what a no-fly zone over Syria amounts to. Shooting down Russian warplanes. 
*** 
Hillary Clinton is a disastrous nuclear threat right now in a context where we're already off-the-charts in the risk of nuclear war. She has stated in this context that she's essentially opening up a battlefront with Russia. So to my mind, this emerges as the clearest and most present danger. 
Prominent liberal economist Jeffrey Sachs writes in the Huffington Post, in an essay bannered ' Hillary Is the Candidate of the War Machine ': 
It is often believed that the Republicans are the neocons and the Democrats act as restraints on the warmongering. This is not correct. Both parties are divided between neocon hawks and cautious realists who don't want the US in unending war. Hillary is a staunch neocon whose record of favoring American war adventures explains much of our current security danger. 
Just as the last Clinton presidency set the stage for financial collapse, it also set the stage for unending war. On October 31, 1998 President Clinton signed the Iraq Liberation Act that made it official US policy to support 'regime change” in Iraq. 
It should be the policy of the United States to support efforts to remove the regime headed by Saddam Hussein from power in Iraq and to promote the emergence of a democratic government to replace that regime. 
Thus were laid the foundations for the Iraq War in 2003. 
Of course, by 2003, Hillary was a Senator and a staunch supporter of the Iraq War, which has cost the US trillions of dollars, thousands of lives, and done more to create ISIS and Middle East instability than any other single decision of modern foreign policy. In defending her vote, Hillary parroted the phony propaganda of the CIA: 
'In the four years since the inspectors left, intelligence reports show that Saddam Hussein has worked to rebuild his chemical and biological weapons stock, his missile delivery capability, and his nuclear program. He has also given aid, comfort, and sanctuary to terrorists, including Al Qaeda members… ' 
After the Iraq Liberation Act came the 1999 Kosovo War, in which Bill Clinton called in NATO to bomb Belgrade, in the heart of Europe, and unleashing another decade of unrest in the Balkans. Hillary, traveling in Africa, called Bill: 'I urged him to bomb,” she told reporter Lucinda Frank. 
Hillary's record as Secretary of State is among the most militaristic, and disastrous, of modern US history . Some experience. Hilary was a staunch defender of the military-industrial-intelligence complex at every turn, helping to spread the Iraq mayhem over a swath of violence that now stretches from Mali to Afghanistan. Two disasters loom largest: Libya and Syria. 
Hillary has been much attacked for the deaths of US diplomats in Benghazi, but her tireless promotion of the overthrow Muammar Qaddafi by NATO bombing is the far graver disaster. Hillary strongly promoted NATO-led regime change in Libya, not only in violation of international law but counter to the most basic good judgment. After the NATO bombing, Libya descended into civil war while the paramilitaries and unsecured arms stashes in Libya quickly spread west across the African Sahel and east to Syria. The Libyan disaster has spawned war in Mali, fed weapons to Boko Haram in Nigeria, and fueled ISIS in Syria and Iraq. In the meantime, Hillary found it hilarious to declare of Qaddafi: 'We came, we saw, he died.” 
Perhaps the crowning disaster of this long list of disasters has been Hillary's relentless promotion of CIA-led regime change in Syria. Once again Hillary bought into the CIA propaganda that regime change to remove Bashir al-Assad would be quick, costless, and surely successful. In August 2011, Hillary led the US into disaster with her declaration Assad must 'get out of the way,” backed by secret CIA operations. 
Five years later, no place on the planet is more ravaged by unending war, and no place poses a great threat to US security. More than 10 million Syrians are displaced, and the refugees are drowning in the Mediterranean or undermining the political stability of Greece, Turkey, and the European Union. Into the chaos created by the secret CIA-Saudi operations to overthrow Assad, ISIS has filled the vacuum, and has used Syria as the base for worldwide terrorist attacks. 
The list of her incompetence and warmongering goes on. Hillary's support at every turn for NATO expansion, including even into Ukraine and Georgia against all common sense, was a trip wire that violated the post-Cold War settlement in Europe in 1991 and that led to Russia's violent counter-reactions in both Georgia and Ukraine. As Senator in 2008, Hilary co-sponsored 2008-SR439 , to include Ukraine and Georgia in NATO. As Secretary of State, she then presided over the restart of the Cold War with Russia. 
It is hard to know the roots of this record of disaster. Is it chronically bad judgment? Is it her preternatural faith in the lying machine of the CIA? Is it a repeated attempt to show that as a Democrat she would be more hawkish than the Republicans? Is it to satisfy her hardline campaign financiers? Who knows? Maybe it's all of the above. But whatever the reasons, hers is a record of disaster. Perhaps more than any other person, Hillary can lay claim to having stoked the violence that stretches from West Africa to Central Asia and that threatens US security . 
Jakob Augstein notes in Der Spiegel: 
Trump would probably be the better choice in the question of war and peace than Clinton. 
Clinton has expressly expressed the wish to establish a flight ban on Syria, or parts of it. *** In truth, it would be an act of war. The risks are unpredictable. Above all, the risk of a military conflict with Russia. 
*** 
The highest soldier of the United States of America, General Joseph Dunford, President of the United States General Staff of the United States Forces, is certain. To control the entire airspace over Syria would mean war with Syria and Russia. Dunford's predecessor in office estimated a few years ago that an effective flight ban over Syria would involve the use of 70,000 soldiers and a monthly cost of $ 1 billion. 
But the bottom line is Clinton's proven historical track record … she's at least partly responsible for war after catastrophic war and coup after disastrous coup in Libya, Syria, Kosovo, Haiti, Honduras and other countries around the world. 
And it's interesting, indeed, that the Neocons who got us into the Iraq war have endorsed Clinton instead of Trump . 
Trump might speak in a crude, knee-jerk manner … but Clinton is probably more likely to actually get us into war .

ARTICLE

Posted on October 26, 2016 by Eric Zuesse. Eric Zuesse For the very first time, on October 25th, a high federal official, the 'SIGTARP” or Special Inspector General for the TARP program that bailed out the largest financial institutions and their top investors after the 2008 economic crash, is now making a specific proposal to hold the top-level crooks accountable for the incentive-systems they had put into place motivating their employees to pump-and-dump 'investments' during the growth-phase of the 'free market' Ponzi game that existed since 2000 when the end of the FDR-era Glass-Steagall Act and the start of totally unregulated financial marketeering went wild after 2005 and came crashing down in 2008. Despite the deregulation that Bill Clinton and George W. Bush (and both political parties in Congress) instituted, there still remained on the books some laws that high financial executives were breaking, but the SIGTARP has now come to an impasse in trying to obtain the evidence that will enable investigations to proceed against the top executives, and so she is coming out to urge cooperation of the rest of the government in order to enable it to happen. The SIGTARP, Christy Goldsmith Romero, urges : A PROPOSAL TO BRING ACCOUNTABILITY TO THE 'INSULATED CEO” I propose that Congress remove the insulation around Wall Street CEOs and other high-level officials by requiring the CEO, CFO and certain other senior executives to sign an annual certification that they have conducted due diligence within their organization and can certify that that there is no criminal conduct or civil fraud in their organization. According to a Reuters report from Patrick Rucker, titled 'Wall St. Rescue Fund Watchdog Says U.S. Bank Heads Too Insulated” , 'Wall Street executives are too shielded from prosecution and should answer for misdeeds committed by underlings, the watchdog for a multibillion-dollar [federal-government] bailout [of the mega-banks] said on Wednesday.” This article, dated Wednesday October 25th, continued: 'Senior banking officials should attest each year that their companies are free of criminal fraud and civil abuse, said Christy Goldsmith Romero, special inspector general of the Troubled Asset Relief Program. 'Every executive should be able to conduct due diligence,' she told Reuters in an interview. 'If they are too big to do that, then they are too big, period.'” That policy, if honestly placed into practice, would likely result in lengthy prison terms for many of the people who are the big-dollar political donors; and so it can't possibly happen. But the very fact that someone in a federal-government capacity has finally said publicly that it needs to happen is shocking enough. The article continues: 'U.S. taxpayers have invested more than $400 billion since the crisis, mostly in large Wall Street banks. Goldsmith Romero leads a staff of roughly 140 investigators examining possible abuse of the TARP program.” Romero on Wednesday sent to Congress her agency's 550-page investigative report (not linked-to by Reuters but here ) on that subject, and Rucker continued: 'Goldsmith Romero said the report also described cases where executives are complicit in fraud but the highest-ranking officials are walled off. 'The knowledge stops,' she said. 'It resides at lower levels and stops there. And in many cases, I think that's by intentional design.'” The reporter, Mr. Rucker, makes clear how grave this situation really is: 'Goldsmith Romero has never before suggested a reform of the financial system. She said that she felt compelled to speak up this time after facing so many cases where senior executives seemed out of reach from prosecutions.” So: although the aristocrats' immunity will not be removed, a federal official has now had the courage to state that it must be removed. Elizabeth Warren, a U.S. Senator who held off from making any endorsement during the Presidential primaries, is now campaigning for Hillary Clinton to become President — the same candidate that Wall Street executives are overwhelmingly funding to win the Presidency — but Warren is already verbally supportive of what Romero is urging. On September 15th, David Dayen at The Intercept bannered, 'Elizabeth Warren Asks Newly Chatty FBI Director to Explain Why DOJ Didn't Prosecute Banksters” , and he reported that on that day: 'Warren released two highly provocative letters demanding some explanations. One is to DOJ Inspector General Michael Horowitz, requesting a review of how federal law enforcement managed to whiff on all 11 substantive criminal referrals submitted by the Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission (FCIC), a panel set up to examine the causes of the 2008 meltdown. The other is to FBI Director James Comey, asking him to release all FBI investigations and deliberations related to those referrals.” Warren's campaigning for Clinton, who has always been against accountability at the top in the U.S., is drastically inconsistent with this public display of supporting such accountability, and is therefore untrustworthy. I (who until now had always voted only for Democrats) earlier reported the fundamental dishonesty of the Democratic Party's elite about precisely this matter: — Privately, Obama had told Wall Street executives that he would protect them. On 27 March 2009, Obama assembled the top executives of the bailed-out financial firms in a secret meeting at the White House and he assured them that he would cover their backs; he promised 'My administration is the only thing between you and the pitchforks” . It's not on the White House website; it was leaked out, which is one of the reasons Obama hates leakers (including such heroes as Chelsea Manning, Edward Snowden, and Julian Assange). What the DOJ's IG indicated was, in effect, that Obama had kept his secret promise to them. Here is the context in which Obama said that (from page 234 of Ron Suskind's 2011 book, Confidence Men ): The CEOs went into their traditional stance. 'It's almost impossible to set caps [to their bonuses]; it's never worked, and you lose your best people,” said one. 'We're competing for talent on an international market,” said another. Obama cut them off. 'Be careful how you make those statements, gentlemen. The public isn't buying that,” he said. 'My administration is the only thing between you and the pitchforks.” It was an attention grabber, no doubt, especially that carefully chosen last word. But then Obama's flat tone turned to one of support, even sympathy. 'You guys have an acute public relations problem that's turning into a political problem,” he said. 'And I want to help. But you need to show that you get that this is a crisis and that everyone has to make some sacrifices.” According to one of the participants, he then said, 'I'm not out there to go after you. I'm protecting you. But if I'm going to shield you from public and congressional anger, you have to give me something to work with on these issues of compensation.” No suggestions were forthcoming from the bankers on what they might offer, and the president didn't seem to be championing any specific proposals. He had none: neither Geithner nor Summers believed compensation controls had any merit. After a moment, the tension in the room seemed to lift: the bankers realized he was talking about voluntary limits on compensation until the storm of public anger passed. It would be for show. He had been lying to the public, all along. Not only would he not prosecute the banksters, but he would treat them as if all they had was 'an acute public relations problem that's turning into a political problem.” And he thought that the people who wanted them prosecuted were like the KKK who had chased Blacks with pitchforks before lynching. According to the DOJ , their Financial Fraud Enforcement Task Force (FFETF) was 'established by President Barack Obama in November 2009 to wage an aggressive, coordinated and proactive effort to investigate and prosecute financial crimes.” But, according to the Department's IG , it was all a fraud: a fraud that according to the DOJ itself had been going on since at least November 2009. — If this matter that Romero is raising will be coming up during a Hillary Clinton Administration, the lying about it will simply continue, that's all. Barack Obama is no less vicious a liar than Hillary Clinton is, but she's not nearly as skillful a deceiver as he is, but that's the only real difference between them. She'll get the job done for the political megadonors, just the same, like she always has. However, if Donald Trump is to be President, then no one can intelligently say what his policy on accountability would be — other than that he'll work with Congress to get an independent prosecutor to investigate the criminal allegations against Hillary Clinton, including the ones that the untrustworthy FBI alleges that it has already investigated in an impartial manner. Regarding the specific issue that Romero is implicitly also urging, the reinstatement of the FDR-era Glass-Steagall Act, which Bill Clinton and the Republicans terminated in 2000 and which had limited bank-size, Trump is on record as demanding that it be done . (That's one of the reasons why he has been receiving far less from Wall Street than Hillary Clinton has been. Wall Street loathes Trump. Almost everything in this 'election' is nearly the opposite of what is commonly presumed.) For the first time in recent memory, there really is an important difference between the two major-Party Presidential candidates. The last time it happened was 2000, when the far-right candidate, George W. Bush 'won'. This time around, it seems likely to be repeated (and maybe this time by a landslide): the far-right candidate Hillary Clinton will probably win — same result, just different nominal parties this time around. In an important sense, this year's George W. Bush is Hillary Clinton. (He demanded regime-change in Iraq; she demands regime-change in Russia.) This year's Al Gore is Donald Trump. Except that this time the big issue isn't global warming, but instead nuclear war against Russia. Of course, GW Bush was bad on both issues (denying climate-change, and demanding 'regime-change in Iraq” where the Moscow-friendly dictator Saddam Hussein ruled). But so too is Hillary (who followed up her ardent advocacy for regime-change in Iraq, by regime-change in Moscow-friendly Libya, and regime-change in Moscow-friendly Ukraine, and regime-change in Moscow-allied Syria; and who is now pushing for regime-change in Russia itself, and thus unchallenged U.S.-aristocracy control over every other nation's aristocracy). All of this election-year, the supposedly big issue was bigotry, but the thing that's actually destroying this country and the entire world is class — rich versus poor; the super-rich crushing everyone else — and the 'news' media are controlled not by the many poor but by the very few super-rich. And this is why Romero's call for justice is, sadly, just a cry into the wind. Regarding politics, one has no reason to trust what one hears from the politicians, reads in the newspapers and magazines, or hears or sees on radio and TV. The elite scams are overwhelming from all of the Establishment sides. But finally, an obscure federal official, Ms. Romero, the SIGTARP, has spoken her conscience, despite knowing that she'll only be punished for it once she's out of office. Unlike the Democratic Party politicians, she's not grandstanding. She's instead truly heroic, speaking truth to power, and really meaning it — and ready to face the consequences for having done it. It's remarkable. It's Quixotic, in a really heroic way: pathbreaking, even if that path leads only to a brick wall. At least it will expose to the public the extent to which the system itself is their enemy. Not Mexicans. Not Blacks. Not Whites. Not Muslims. Not Christians. Not Jews. Not Russians. Not men. Not women. Not even (though bigots are dangerous fools) bigots against any such group. The system, right here in the U.S., needs to be changed. Nothing can authentically be blamed on any 'not us” target — either for invasion, or otherwise. Romero wants to cancel the immunity of aristocrats — the people who control this country .

ARTICLE

Submitted by Mike Krieger via Liberty Blitzkrieg blog, 
WAR is a racket. It always has been. 
It is possibly the oldest, easily the most profitable, surely the most vicious. It is the only one international in scope. It is the only one in which the profits are reckoned in dollars and the losses in lives. 
A racket is best described, I believe, as something that is not what it seems to the majority of the people. Only a small 'inside” group knows what it is about. It is conducted for the benefit of the very few, at the expense of the very many. Out of war a few people make huge fortunes. 
– From Major General Smedley Butler's War is a Rackett 
Former Congressman Dennis Kucinich has just penned an extremely powerful warning about the warmongers in Washington D.C. Who funds them, what their motives are, and why it is imperative for the American people to stop them. 
The piece was published at The Nation and is titled: Why Is the Foreign Policy Establishment Spoiling for More War? Look at Their Donors . 
Read it and share it with everyone you know. 
W ashington, DC, may be the only place in the world where people openly flaunt their pseudo-intellectuality by banding together, declaring themselves 'think tanks,” and raising money from external interests, including foreign governments, to compile reports that advance policies inimical to the real-life concerns of the American people. 
As a former member of the House of Representatives, I remember 16 years of congressional hearings where pedigreed experts came to advocate wars in testimony based on circular, rococo thinking devoid of depth, reality, and truth. I remember other hearings where the Pentagon was unable to reconcile over $1 trillion in accounts, lost track of $12 billion in cash sent to Iraq, and rigged a missile-defense test so that an interceptor could easily home in on a target. War is first and foremost a profitable racket. 
How else to explain that in the past 15 years this city's so called bipartisan foreign policy elite has promoted wars in Iraq and Libya, and interventions in Syria and Yemen, which have opened Pandora's box to a trusting world, to the tune of trillions of dollars, a windfall for military contractors. DC's think 'tanks” should rightly be included in the taxonomy of armored war vehicles and not as gathering places for refugees from academia. 
According to the front page of this past Friday's Washington Post, the bipartisan foreign-policy elite recommends the next president show less restraint than President Obama. Acting at the urging of 'liberal” hawks brandishing humanitarian intervention, read war, the Obama administration attacked Libya along with allied powers working through NATO. 
Indeed, I warned about this in last week's piece: U.S. Foreign Policy 'Elite' Eagerly Await an Expansion of Overseas Wars Under Hillary Clinton . 
The think tankers fell in line with the Iraq invasion. Not being in the tank, I did my own analysis of the call for war in October of 2002, based on readily accessible information, and easily concluded that there was no justification for war. I distributed it widely in Congress and led 125 Democrats in voting against the Iraq war resolution. There was no money to be made from a conclusion that war was uncalled for, so, against millions protesting in the United States and worldwide, our government launched into an abyss, with a lot of armchair generals waving combat pennants. The marching band and chowder society of DC think tanks learned nothing from the Iraq and Libya experience. 
The only winners were arms dealers, oil companies, and jihadists. Immediately after the fall of Libya, the black flag of Al Qaeda was raised over a municipal building in Benghazi, Gadhafi's murder was soon to follow, with Secretary Clinton quipping with a laugh, 'We came, we saw, he died.” President Obama apparently learned from this misadventure, but not the Washington policy establishment, which is spoiling for more war. 
The self-identified liberal Center for American Progress (CAP) is now calling for Syria to be bombed, and estimates America's current military adventures will be tidied up by 2025, a tardy twist on 'mission accomplished.” CAP, according to a report in The Nation, has received funding from war contractors Lockheed Martin and Boeing, who make the bombers that CAP wants to rain hellfire on Syria. 
The Brookings Institute has taken tens of millions from foreign governments , notably Qatar, a key player in the military campaign to oust Assad. Retired four-star Marine general John Allen is now a Brookings senior fellow . Charles Lister is a senior fellow at the Middle East Institute , which has received funding from Saudi Arabia , the major financial force providing billions in arms to upend Assad and install a Sunni caliphate stretching across Iraq and Syria. Foreign-government money is driving our foreign policy. 
As the drumbeat for an expanded war gets louder, Allen and Lister jointly signed an op-ed in the Sunday Washington Post, calling for an attack on Syria. The Brookings Institute, in a report to Congress , admitted it received $250,000 from the US Central Command, Centcom, where General Allen shared leadership duties with General David Petraeus. Pentagon money to think tanks that endorse war? This is academic integrity, DC-style. 
And why is Central Command, as well as the Food and Drug Administration, the US Department of transportation, and the US Department of Health and Human Services giving money to Brookings? 
Former secretary of state Madeleine Albright, who famously told Colin Powell , 'What's the point of having this superb military you're always talking about if we can't use it,” predictably says of this current moment , 'We do think there needs to be more American action.” A former Bush administration top adviser is also calling for the United States to launch a cruise missile attack on Syria. 
The American people are fed up with war, but a concerted effort is being made through fearmongering, propaganda, and lies to prepare our country for a dangerous confrontation, with Russia in Syria. 
The demonization of Russia is a calculated plan to resurrect a raison d'être for stone-cold warriors trying to escape from the dustbin of history by evoking the specter of Russian world domination. 
It's infectious. Earlier this year the BBC broadcast a fictional show that contemplated WWIII, beginning with a Russian invasion of Latvia (where 26 percent of the population is ethnic Russian and 34 percent of Latvians speak Russian at home). 
The imaginary WWIII scenario conjures Russia's targeting London for a nuclear strike. No wonder that by the summer of 2016 a poll showed two-thirds of UK citizens approved the new British PM's launching a nuclear strike in retaliation. So much for learning the lessons detailed in the Chilcot report. 
As this year's presidential election comes to a conclusion, the Washington ideologues are regurgitating the same bipartisan consensus that has kept America at war since 9/11 and made the world a decidedly more dangerous place. 
The DC think tanks provide cover for the political establishment, a political safety net, with a fictive analytical framework providing a moral rationale for intervention, capitol casuistry. I'm fed up with the DC policy elite who cash in on war while presenting themselves as experts, at the cost of other people's lives, our national fortune, and the sacred honor of our country. 
Any report advocating war that comes from any alleged think tank ought to be accompanied by a list of the think tank's sponsors and donors and a statement of the lobbying connections of the report's authors. 
It is our patriotic duty to expose why the DC foreign-policy establishment and its sponsors have not learned from their failures and instead are repeating them, with the acquiescence of the political class and sleepwalkers with press passes. 
It is also time for a new peace movement in America, one that includes progressives and libertarians alike, both in and out of Congress, to organize on campuses, in cities, and towns across America, to serve as an effective counterbalance to the Demuplican war party, its think tanks, and its media cheerleaders. The work begins now, not after the Inauguration. We must not accept war as inevitable, and those leaders who would lead us in that direction, whether in Congress or the White House, must face visible opposition. 
Thank you Mr. Kucinich, I couldn't agree more.

ARTICLE

Natural Blaze 
Brandon Turbeville made a fascinating journey to the Middle East and lives to tell you about it. He is a geopolitical expert and author of 7 books including The Road to Damascus . 
In this rich conversation, he shares his experience which threatens to turn the media portrayal of the Middle East on its head. 
He spent two weeks in Lebanon and is open about the food and agriculture of the Middle East as well as the culture and 'life force” of the people there. While in Lebanon, Brandon spoke to Syrian refugees who have a perspective that contrasts the mainstream media. 
What happened when Brandon tried to re-acclimate to American cuisine? Are U.S. corporations like Monsanto wrapped up in war and crisis in Syria? Does the Middle East raid and arrest raw milk farmers? You don't want to miss this conversation! 
Get a nifty FREE eBook – Like at Facebook, Twitter , Pinterest and Instagram . This entry was posted in General . Bookmark the permalink .

ARTICLE

Posted on October 27, 2016 by Eric Zuesse. Eric Zuesse Of course, one of Hillary Clinton's proudest claims is that as the U.S. Secretary of State she championed reproductive choice throughout the world. She championed it in words, but her actions were sometimes in the opposite direction, and there is perhaps no nation where her actions as the U.S. Secretary of State had a bigger impact than Honduras, which case will therefore be examined, and her impact on this documented, here: The reason that the morning-after pill, which enables raped women to avoid becoming pregnant from a rape, was made illegal by the government that now exists in Honduras, is that Secretary of State Hillary Clinton persuaded President Barack Obama not to terminate U.S. financial aid to the coup-regime that came into power there on 28 June 2009. Without that aid, the democratically elected President would quickly have been restored. Though the U.S. Ambassador in Honduras told Secretary of State Clinton that there was no way in which that coup was legal and that consequently it undoubtedly was a 'coup” and that existing U.S. law therefore required U.S. funding of the Honduran government to cease immediately, she ignored the law, and she ignored everything except her friend Lanny Davis the lobbyist whom the coup-plotters had hired to represent them to Democrats (a different lobbyist was hired to represent them to the congressional Republicans). President Obama took his Secretary of State's advice and refused to enforce the law, and Hillary Clinton publicly praised what the regime was doing. The regime was condemned throughout Latin America, because the coup, which consisted of the local aristocracy or 'oligarchs', overthrew the democratically elected President of Honduras, who had wanted a land-reform law to be introduced. Immediately after the coup that overthrew him, the newly installed regime allowed the aristocrats' paid thugs to murder anyone who tried to lead the opposition; and therefore the regime that had been imposed by Honduras's aristocracy and kept in power by America's aristocracy, has remained stable since. However, after the coup, Honduras has had the world's highest murder-rate. Thus, it's a stable but now extraordinarily violent country. (Detailed documentation of every allegation in this paragraph can be found in the 'Honduras” section of this article I earlier wrote about 'Hillary Clinton's Six Foreign-Policy Catastrophes” ; and that section on Honduras, in turn, links to 68 sources, which provide the sometimes gruesome details regarding Hillary Clinton's impact upon the lives of the Honduran people since the coup. However, that article didn't mention this matter concerning contraception, rape, and abortion; and, so, the present article will be an extension from that earlier one, dealing specifically with Hillary Clinton's impact upon family-planning and reproductive choice in Honduras.) One feature of the new, U.S.-backed, regime, was the imposition of draconian fundamentalist laws against contraception and intensifying the abortion-ban. On 13 February 2012, the Center for Reproductive Rights headlined 'Honduras Supreme Court Upholds Absolute Ban on Emergency Contraception, Opens Door to Criminalize Women and Medical Professionals” and reported: The Honduras Supreme Court has upheld the country's absolute ban on emergency contraception, which would criminalize the sale, distribution, and use of the 'morning-after pill” — imposing punishment for offenders equal to that of obtaining or performing an abortion, which in Honduras is completely restricted. 'By banning and criminalizing emergency contraception, Honduras is telling the world it would rather imprison the women of its country than provide them with safe and effective birth control,” said Luisa Cabal, director of international legal programs at the Center for Reproductive Rights. 'Today's decision from the Honduras Supreme Court blatantly disregards women's fundamental reproductive rights and completely ignores the respected medical opinion of experts around the globe. It will cause significant harm in the lives countless women and doctors across the country. … Consequently, the hell in Honduras has been accentuated by punishment of women who have been raped, and punishment of doctors and pharmacists who try to help them. The President whom Hillary Clinton, Barack Obama, and the ten main aristocratic families of Honduras , overthrew and prohibited from running for President ever again, Manuel Zelaya, had, in April 2009, vetoed a law that the Honduran legislature (controlled by those ten families plus another 15 or so ) had just passed to ban the morning-after pill. So, that law didn't enter into force until the U.S.-imposed regime restored it. However, the restoration of the ban wasn't final until this decision was handed down by the Honduran Supreme Court. As Amnesty International said at that time : On 1 February, the Supreme Court in Honduras upheld a decree imposing an absolute ban on emergency contraception. This decree was vetoed in May 2009 by the former President on grounds that it conflicted with the Constitution. The Supreme Court has now concluded that the decree is constitutional and that Congress can begin to develop laws enforcing a ban of the emergency contraceptive pill on the basis of its alleged 'abortive” nature. The World Health Organization, Pan-American Health Organization, and several other expert bodies have clearly stated that the emergency contraceptive pill is not abortive; it is a form of contraception that works by ensuring the egg is inaccessible and impeding fertilization. The criminalization of the emergency contraceptive pill will have appalling consequences. For example, rape victims will be unable to prevent pregnancy … And so it has been in Honduras. During the period since the 28 June 2009 Honduran U.S.-backed coup, the hell in Honduras has been so bad that Honduras has become one of the top sources of illegal immigration into the United States. The world-record-high murder-rates and crushing poverty, with no opportunity for the public to 'move up in the world' other than through becoming one of the paid enforcers for the aristocrats, which often also entails leading the now-booming drug-gangs there, has essentially forced out of Honduras millions of residents, and many of them have escaped through Mexico into the United States, in order to be able to have a decent life, rather than murder and be murdered. Hillary Clinton's opponent in the U.S. Presidential campaign, Donald Trump, never talks about the hell that Clinton and Obama have been imposing around the world (except regarding non-Christian-majority countries such as Libya), and he seems to view illegal immigrants as if U.S. foreign policies have nothing to do with creating the problems that those people are facing, but there is no indication that he would continue those policies, which have been causing them to be illegal immigrants here. To the contrary, his anti-interventionist foreign-policy proposals would be inconsistent with coups and invasions regarding any foreign country whose government is not posing an imminent threat to U.S. national security. Trump's foreign-policy proposals are not in any way favorable toward those of Hillary Clinton (who is simply an extreme version of Obama's worst policy-orientations). (And America's own Federation of American Scientists has stated that Obama is lying in order to 'justify' his policy now to ignore existing in-force nuclear treaties with Russia as being supposedly not violations of them. So, though he may not be as much of a neoconservative as she is, he basically is one, too. His aggression against Russia is subtle , but forceful .) Consequently, at least regarding foreign policy, a President Trump would be authentic change, irrespective of whether a particular voter would approve of that change as opposed to continuing America's existing foreign policy but in a more extreme way. Among other things, a vote for Hillary Clinton is a vote to retain the status-quo in Honduras and around the world, but to go much farther in the same direction. A vote for Donald Trump is a vote to change that status-quo — to change (and in some important respects reverse ) that direction . The biggest impact of this election will be on foreign (including both economic and military) policy. Even domestically within the United States, the difference between the two candidates on foreign policies will have a much bigger impact, including possibly even nuclear war , than will the other policy-areas, which the general public erroneously think will have a bigger impact upon their lives and their future than will foreign policies. (And here are quoted recent reports in the Washington Post , Spiegel , Huffington Post , and other serious media, discussing her preparing her coming Administration's plans and personnel for a war with Russia; and Obama is right now setting everything up for her to be able to start the war as soon as possible.) Regardless of whether the American public know it, the main impact of this Presidential election will be on foreign policy, including on the immense impacts that foreign policy will have domestically. So: this is not the time when the U.S. will be progressing but instead regressing, and intelligent voters will be aiming to minimize the harms, rather than to achieve progress. Progress, at this stage so late in the game, is still being hoped-for only by some fools who happen to be also progressives. Any intelligent progressive, at this late stage, is focused entirely upon minimizing the harm. And the maximum harm could happen with surprising rapidity. (Back in 1961, the estimation of experts was that — as one of the few who spoke publicly stated — 'A nuclear war between the United States and Russia would be all over in 24 or 48 hours because both sides would let go with their full atomic arsenals.” The estimates today are far more precise but unpublished, and they're all well under an hour — some as low as 20 minutes.) There wouldn't be any surrender, nor any armistice. There would only be the end of civilization , and unspeakable misery (including details that are ignored by the major media, such as this ) until practically everyone is dead (from starvation if nothing else). Those are the stakes in this election. Even to be debating domestic issues at a time like this, simply doesn't make any sense. But the situation in Honduras points up the ridiculousness, in a fundamentally different context, which is why I am writing about it now.

ARTICLE

Eric Zuesse First, the context in which the issue of war against Russia has been raised: Syria's government is allied with Russia's government, and 'The West' is trying to overthrow Syria's government and is bringing into Syria, and arming, tens of thousands of jihadists there, as the footsoldiers to do it. Syria and Russia are bombing the people that we are bringing in. The Presidential candidate of the U.S. Democratic Party, Hillary Clinton, is a longstanding and ardent proponent of the U.S. establishing a 'no-fly zone” over at least the parts of Syria where non-ISIS jihadists — the jihadists that are financed and armed by the U.S. and its allies (mainly by the Sunni fundamentalist royal families who own Saudi Arabia and Qatar) — have conquered territory from Syria's (legitimate and internationally recognized) government. It's conquest of Syria, that the U.S. is backing. The U.S., in both law and fact, is already participating in an invasion of Syria. Syria's government is run by the ideologically committed anti-Sharia-law and non-sectarian Ba'ath Party, under President Bashar al-Assad, who happens to be nominally an Alawite Shiite (and fundamentalist Sunnis hate Shiites, and all of the jihadists are fundamentalist Sunnis, just as the royal Saudi and Qatari families are ), and Assad has always crushed jihadists in Syria — until Barack Obama became the U.S. President. As soon as Obama came into power, he and Hillary Clinton were working behind the scenes for the overthrow of Bashar al-Assad. Clinton has committed herself clearly to completing what President Obama has started. And she intends to do it by means of instituting in Syria a no-fly zone like she did in Libya ( a big win for her ). But there is a big difference: Russian planes weren't defending Muammar Gaddafi's Libyan government. Russian planes are defending Bashar al-Assad's Syrian government. For the U.S. government to institute a no-fly zone in Syria would mean that the U.S. would shoot down Syrian government planes that are bombing the U.S.-backed jihadists who are fighting to overthrow and replace Assad's government. Of course many civilians are getting bombed by both the U.S. and Syrian sides, and some of the victims of the Syrian government's side are publicized on U.S.-allied television in order to stir hatred against Assad and help (the non-ISIS, U.S.-backed) jihadists (such as Al Qaeda in Syria), but this is the way of war — and the propaganda for war — and no 'no-fly zone” will improve that situation, but could possibly make it far worse. Russia's participation in the Syrian war is not an invasion, but America's is. The Syrian government had requested assistance from the Russian government to help kill all of the jihadist groups (not only ISIS but Al Qaeda in Syria and all the others, all of which are backed by the U.S. and by the royals who own Saudi Arabia and Qatar). The jihadists are trying to overthrow and replace Syria's secular government. On 30 September 2015, Russia started its bombing campaign there, which continues. Consequently, the U.S.-established no-fly zone in Syria would also be shooting down Russian bombers. At that point, where the U.S. and Russia are at war against each other in Syria due to America's no-fly zone (in a country where we're invaders , not invited in by the nation's government, such as the Russian planes are), either one side or the other would surrender, or else nuclear war would result. How likely would Syria and Russia be to surrender Syria? How likely would the U.S. be to surrender to Russia and Syria? (After all: Hillary Clinton is passionately anti-Russian and anti-Syrian.) In other words, and in short: nuclear war is the likely outcome if Hillary Clinton becomes elected President of the United States . It would be practically unavoidable, if she is elected. The domestic U.S. politics that are associated with this shocking but clear fact are complex, but are likewise clear: The American public simply don't know or understand these facts; and the reason they don't is that these facts are hidden from them, as will be exemplified in the following ways: On October 26th, the U.S.-allied propaganda-agency Reuters headlined 'Britain, U.S. sending planes, troops to deter Russia in the east” and pretended (without even acknowledging the actual facts of the matter) that this NATO action is a response to 'deter' Russia because Russia had accepted in 2014 the overwhelming desire of the residents of Crimea to become Russian citizens after the coup that U.S. President Barack Obama's Administration had perpetrated in Ukraine during February 2014 , overthrowing the democratically elected Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych, for whom 75% of Crimeans had voted . Even Western-sponsored polls that were taken of Crimeans both before and after the resulting Crimean 16 March 2014 referendum on whether Crimea should be restored to being again a province of Russia (which Crimea was until the Soviet dictator Khrushchev had arbitrarily transferred Crimea to Ukraine in 1954) showed that over 90% of Crimeans wanted to do this and that even a higher percentage of them were mad as hell against what America was doing and extremely supportive of Russia's position on this matter, but the U.S. government's position is that it was instead 'conquest of land' by Russia, and the U.S. and its allies are pouring troops and weapons onto and near Russia's borders in order to defend against ' Russian aggression' . The power of sheer propaganda! It's crucial in politics. The way the Reuters 'news' report phrased this matter was 'NATO's aim is to make good on a July promise by NATO leaders to deter Russia in Europe's ex-Soviet states, after Moscow orchestrated the annexation of the Crimea peninsula in 2014.” That's not as much of a lie as the U.S. President's use of the word 'conquest' to describe Russia's role there is, but it's close. Reuters's report opened with 'Britain said on Wednesday it will send fighter jets to Romania next year and the United States promised troops, tanks and artillery to Poland in NATO's biggest military build-up on Russia's borders since the Cold War.” But in order to play down the danger here, they refused to headline their 'news report' with that, it's real, actual, news, which was: 'NATO's biggest military build-up on Russia's borders since the Cold War.” That headline would have attracted far more readers, but in the 'news' business in a dictatorship , that's not the main objective when reporting news that the government wants to bury instead of to go viral. It's part of 'news'-management, which includes burying what is important. Then, Reuters quoted the U.S. Secretary of 'Defense', who said: 'It's a major sign of the U.S. commitment to strengthening deterrence here.” After the Soviet Union dissolved in 1991, and in the same year terminated its Warsaw Pact military alliance that had been set up by the Soviet Union to mirror America's NATO alliance, NATO expanded right up to Russia's borders and is therefore highly aggressive and threatening toward the people of Russia , who don't like missiles minutes away, any more than Americans would like if Russia took over Mexico and placed troops and missiles on our border. But, according to the U.S.-and-allied propaganda-line, this strangulation of Russia by NATO is 'deterrence' against Russia. Then, when Russia responds to such U.S.-aggression by positioning troops and weapons to their side of their border, that's called 'aggressive'. And NATO is 'responding' to 'Russia's aggressive moves'. It's like blaming a raped woman for trying to defend against her rapist. Hillary Clinton's actions (never her rhetoric) show that she wants more of that type of thing, especially regarding the Russian people, whom the U.S. government wants to conquer by eliminating their international allies, one by one — and then by eliminating their own leader Vladimir Putin himself, after the original 'regime change in Iraq' (whose Saddam Hussein was the first Russia-friendly leader to be eliminated; then Muammar Gaddafi, then Bashar al-Assad, then Viktor Yanukovych ). The pattern is clear. And now NATO is going in for the kill. But this reality is not how America's 'impartial' press reports what is actually a buildup toward a possible NATO invasion of Russia. Of course, America's Republican Party (or conservative) press have long been controlled by neoconservatives (they were all supportive of 'regime-change in Iraq', and the American public never punished them for that — mega-criminal deceit goes unpunished), and so they don't even pretend to be anything more than nationalistic mouthpieces for the U.S. government's conquests. However, the Democratic Party's (or liberal) press do need to cater to some progressive anti-nationalistic audiences. Yet still neoconservatism dominates at such newspapers as The New York Times and the Washington Post , as well as in magazines such as The Atlantic , The New Republic , and Foreign Policy , all of which are, if anything, neoconservative Democratic Party organs. All of them endorse Hillary Clinton. But there is a small progressive wing to American 'journalism'; and, so, here is how one of the progressive sites, Common Dreams, handles this crucial matter, which might soon end the world as we know it: they headlined on October 26th, 'NATO Preps 'Biggest Military Build-Up on Russia's Borders Since Cold War',” and opened (quoting from Reuters and other Western sources): Playing 'a dangerous game,” NATO pushes allies to send more troops and military equipment to Eastern Europe. NATO is pushing all allies to deploy more troops and military equipment to Russia's borders, further ratcheting up tensions as the West prepares for 'its biggest military build-up on Russia's borders since the Cold War,” as Reuters observed. 'France, Denmark, Italy and other allies are expected to join the four battle groups led by the United States, Germany, Britain, and Canada to go to Poland, Lithuania, Estonia, and Latvia, with forces ranging from armored infantry to drones,” Reuters reported. 'Yet with the U.S. openly talking [about] a war with Russia, the continued deployments seem far from a purely defensive measure,” argued Antiwar.com's Jason Ditz [who said]: ”Diplomats also suggested it was only partly about sending a message to Russia, and that the real point of the latest push is to get a bunch of nations involved as a 'message' to U.S. presidential nominee Donald Trump, who has complained the U.S. is spending too much defending Europe and that Europe isn't doing enough on its own. That underscores the cynical nature of the deployments, and indeed the sort of thing adding to the sense of NATO being obsolete, that they feel they can afford to organize major deployments just for the sake of scoring political points in member nations' elections.” These moves are shortsighted, to say the least, wrote Gilbert Doctorow of the American Committee for East-West Accord [by saying]: 'America's steady campaign of expanding NATO, […] its vilification of Russia, and its information war based on lies” are part of 'a dangerous game” that is pulling all sides inevitably closer to war, Doctorow argued. Nothing was provided there that highlighted the stark contrast between the strongly anti-invasion Republican Presidential candidate Trump, versus the strongly pro-invasion Democratic candidate Clinton. In other words, no essential context was provided — no context of a policy-decision that America's voters will have to make, choosing the one or the other to be the next President. Instead, 'progressive' news-sites treat their readers and audiences as mere fools who think that voting for a third-party candidate in a U.S. Presidential contest is not a wasted vote, like refusing to vote at all is. The overwhelming majority of the 100+ reader-comments to that Common Dreams report, who expressed a Presidential choice said 'Vote Green” or 'Jill Stein,” referring to a third-party candidate who stands no chance of winning even one of the 50 U.S. states. In other words: the readers at this progressive site are so unconcerned about the future of the world, that they don't even care whether the next U.S. President would be Hillary Clinton who would cause nuclear war, or Donald Tump who has consistently argued against her neoconservatism and emphasized the necessity of ending the U.S. government's rabid hostility toward Russia and ending expansion of NATO up to Russia's borders. In other words: despite progressive rhetoric, they're actually oblivious to the world's future — oblivious to the most important thing of all. And, so, that is the domestic politics of the war that the U.S. elite are determined to wage against Russia. The fix is in for nuclear war. To the owners of the media, the people who hire and fire — and promote and demote — the 'news' people, and thus who shape what the public know and understand and what the public don't, it's better that the outcome of the U.S. election be determined by whether or not Donald Trump is a rapist, than by whether or not Hillary Clinton will bring about nuclear war with Russia. So, it's the way things are. In the U.S.-allied nations such as Britain, the 'news' media are similar. For example, Britain's liberal Guardian headlined on October 27th, 'Nato and Russia playing dangerous game with military build-up: Russia wants to detract from problems at home and position itself as a superpower, and Nato troop movements can only help.” It said that, 'amid western suspicions the Russian fleet will be used to flatten civilians in Aleppo, Nato's apparent goal here is to deter future acts of aggression on European territory by Vladimir Putin's revanchist Russia.” That might as well have been written by the Obama Administration, as by some 'news' person. 'The West' is clearly behind the plan. Of course, the American public haven't yet spoken.

ARTICLE

For more information and media requests , please contact Mr. Thibaut Guillet (+41 22 917 9674 / ) or write to For media inquiries related to other UN independent experts: Xabier Celaya, UN Human Rights – Media Unit (+ 41 22 917 9383 / ) — U.N. Rights Expert Urges Nations Not to Sign 'Flawed' CETA Treaty GENEVA (28 October 2016) – The trade deal set to be signed by the European Union and Canada is a corporate-driven, fundamentally flawed treaty which should not be signed or ratified without a referendum in each country concerned, a United Nations human rights expert says. Alfred de Zayas, the UN Independent Expert on the promotion of a democratic and equitable international order, deplored the pressures brought on the Belgian regional parliament of Wallonia, which initially said it would not approve the treaty but later said its concerns had been met. 'A culture of bullying and intimidation becomes apparent when it comes to trade agreements that currently get priority over human rights,” the expert said. In his reports to the Human Rights Council and General Assembly Mr. de Zayas has previously warned that CETA is incompatible with the rule of law, democracy and human rights, and substantiated how and why before the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe. He believes that both CETA and TTIP – the Trans-Atlantic Trade and Investment Partnership currently being negotiated by the EU and the US – give undue power to corporations at the expense of national governments and human rights, and deplores that the mere existence of investor-state dispute settlement generates a regulatory chill. 'The danger of CETA and TTIP being signed and one day entering into force is so serious that every stakeholder, especially parliamentarians from EU Member States, should now be given the opportunity to articulate the pros and cons. The corporate-driven agenda gravely endangers labour, health and other social legislation, and there is no justification to fast-track it” Mr. de Zayas said. 'Civil society should demand referendums on the approval of CETA or any other such mega-treaty that has been negotiated behind closed doors,” he noted. The expert said the EU should have heeded expert warnings and strong civil society opposition to CETA. His specific concerns include provisions which he says could hamper States' regulatory powers and could allow investment companies to sue over legislation affecting profits, even in cases where the laws were designed to protect workers' rights, public health or the environment. States should not sign the agreement unless their powers to regulate and legislate in the public interest are fully safeguarded and the so-called 'investment protection” chapter is removed. 'This chapter creates privileges for investors at the expense of the public,” said Mr. de Zayas, noting that the new text may slightly amend this chapter but adding that the Investment Court System (ICS) is similarly incompatible with the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, which requires legal cases to be heard by transparent, accountable, independent public tribunals. 'The associations of German and Spanish judges have already decried this kind of investor-State dispute settlement, which is a one-way street, and also discriminates against domestic enterprises, Moreover, ICS is not necessary when all participating States are parties to the ICCPR and already have public courts that are independent, transparent and accountable,” he said. 'CETA – along with most trade and investment agreements – is fundamentally flawed unless specific provision stipulates that the regulatory power of States is paramount and must not be impacted by a regulatory chill. It must also be clear that in case of conflict between commercial treaties and human rights treaties, it is the latter that must prevail.” The expert said there was now a strengthened case for a legally binding instrument on corporate social responsibility, obliging transnational corporations not to interfere in the internal affairs of States, and imposing sanctions when they pollute the environment or shift their profits into tax havens. The Human Rights Council has established an inter-governmental working group on transnational corporations, which is holding its second session this week. Mr. de Zayas, who has participated in this working group, urges the prompt adoption of a treaty that makes the Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights legally binding and enforceable. He also said it was time to discuss the secrecy surrounding the drawing up of the CETA treaty, and the anomaly that much of the information about it became available only through whistleblowers, in violation of State obligations to ensure open access to information. 'The constitutionality of the CETA and TTIP agreements should be tested before the European Court of Justice in Luxembourg, and the human rights aspects before the European Court of Human Rights, which could be called upon to issue interim measures of protection,” said Mr. de Zayas. 'National courts should also test the compatibility of the agreements with national constitutions,” the Independent Expert stated. 'There is a legitimate fear that CETA will dilute environmental standards, food security, and health and labour protection,” he said. 'A treaty that strengthens the position of investors, transnational corporations and monopolies at the expense of the public interest conflicts with the duty of States to protect all people under their jurisdiction from internal and external threats.” Mr. de Zayas said the EU should have paid greater attention to a warning from a committee of Members of Parliament from the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe. The Committee on Social Affairs, Health and Sustainable Development said earlier this month that CETA imposed unacceptable restrictions on the legislative powers of national parliaments, and called for the signing to be postponed. NOTE TO EDITORS: The UN Independent Expert devoted his 2015 report to the UN Human Rights Council to the adverse human rights, health and environmental impacts of so-called free trade agreements such as CETA, TPP, TTIP and TISA. Check the report (A/HRC/30/44): http://www.ohchr.org/EN/Issues/IntOrder/Pages/Reports.aspx Mr. de Zayas focused his 2015 report to the UN General Assembly on the incompatibility of Investor-state-dispute-settlement arbitrations with fundamental principles of transparency and accountability. Check the report (A/70/285): http://www.un.org/en/ga/search/view_doc.asp?symbol=A/70/285 ENDS Mr. Alfred de Zayas (United States of America) was appointed as the first Independent Expert on the promotion of a democratic and equitable international order by the Human Rights Council, effective May 2012. He is currently professor of international law at the Geneva School of Diplomacy. Learn more, log on to: http://www.ohchr.org/EN/Issues/IntOrder/Pages/IEInternationalorderIndex.aspx The Independent Experts are part of what is known as the Special Procedures of the Human Rights Council. Special Procedures, the largest body of independent experts in the UN Human Rights system, is the general name of the Council's independent fact-finding and monitoring mechanisms that address either specific country situations or thematic issues in all parts of the world. Special Procedures' experts work on a voluntary basis; they are not UN staff and do not receive a salary for their work. They are independent from any government or organization and serve in their individual capacity. For your news websites and social media: Multimedia content & key messages relating to our news releases are available on UN Human Rights social media channels, listed below. Please tag us using the proper handles:

ARTICLE

Posted on October 27, 2016 by DavidSwanson 
Michael Moore has made some terrific movies in the past, and Where to Invade Next may be the best of them, but I expected Trumpland to be (1) about Trump, (2) funny, (3) honest, (4) at least relatively free of jokes glorifying mass murder. I was wrong on all counts and would like my $4.99 back, Michael. 
Moore's new movie is a film of him doing a stand-up comedy show about how wonderfully awesome Hillary Clinton is — except that he mentions Trump a bit at the beginning and he's dead serious about Clinton being wonderfully awesome. 
This film is a text book illustration of why rational arguments for lesser evilist voting do not work. Lesser evilists become self-delusionists. They identify with their lesser evil candidate and delude themselves into adoring the person. Moore is not pushing the 'Elect her and then hold her accountable” stuff. He says we have a responsibility to 'support her” and 'get behind her,” and that if after two years — yes, TWO YEARS — she hasn't lived up to a platform he's fantasized for her, well then, never fear, because he, Michael Moore, will run a joke presidential campaign against her for the next two years (this from a guy who backed restricting the length of election campaigns in one of his better works). 
Moore maintains that virtually all criticism of Hillary Clinton is nonsense. What do we think, he asks, that she asks how many millions of dollars you've put into the Clinton Foundation and then she agrees to bomb Yemen for you? Bwahahaha! Pretty funny. Except that Saudi Arabia put over $10 million into the Clinton Foundation, and while she was Secretary of State Boeing put in another $900,000, upon which Hillary Clinton reportedly made it her mission to get the planes sold to Saudi Arabia, despite legal restrictions — the planes now dropping U.S.-made bombs on Yemen with U.S. guidance, U.S. refueling mid-air, U.S. protection at the United Nations, and U.S. cover in the form of pop-culture distraction and deception from entertainers like Michael Moore. 
Standing before a giant Air Force missile and enormous photos of Hillary Clinton, Michael Moore claims that substantive criticism of Clinton can consist of only two things, which he dismisses in a flash: her vote for a war on Iraq and her coziness with Wall Street. He says nothing more about what that 'coziness” consists of, and he claims that she's more or less apologized and learned her lesson on Iraq. 
What? It wasn't one vote. It was numerous votes to start the war, fund it, and escalate it. It was the lies to get it going and keep it going. It's all the other wars before and since. She says President Obama was wrong not to launch missile strikes on Syria in 2013. She pushed hard for the overthrow of Qadaffi in 2011. She supported the coup government in Honduras in 2009. She has backed escalation and prolongation of war in Afghanistan. She skillfully promoted the White House justification for the war on Iraq. She does not hesitate to back the use of drones for targeted killing. She has consistently backed the military initiatives of Israel. She was not ashamed to laugh at the killing of Qadaffi. She has not hesitated to warn that she could obliterate Iran. She is eager to antagonize Russia. She helped facilitate a military coup in Ukraine. She has the financial support of the arms makers and many of their foreign customers. She waived restrictions at the State Department on selling weapons to Saudi Arabia, Algeria, Kuwait, United Arab Emirates, Oman, and Qatar, all states wise enough to donate to the Clinton Foundation. She supported President Bill Clinton's wars and the power of the president to make war without Congress. She has advocated for arming fighters in Syria and for a 'No Fly” zone. She supported a surge in Iraq even before President Bush did. 
That's just her war problem. What about her banking problem, prison problem, fracking problem, corporate trade problem, corporate healthcare problem, climate change problem, labor problem, Social Security problem, etc.? 
Moore parts company from substantive critique in order to lament unproven rightwing claims that Hillary Clinton has murdered various people. 'I hope she did,” screams Moore. 'That's who I want as Commander in Chief!” Hee hee hee. 
Then Moore shamelessly pushes the myth that Hillary tried to create single-payer, or at least 'universal” healthcare (whatever that is) in the 1990s. In fact, as I heard Paul Wellstone tell it, single-payer easily won the support of Clinton's focus group, but she buried it for her corporate pals and produced the phonebook-size monstrosity that was dead on arrival but reborn in another form years later as Obamacare. She killed single-payer then, has not supported it since, and does not propose it now. (Well, she does admit in private that it's the only thing that works, as her husband essentially blurts out in public.) But Moore claims that because we didn't create 'universal” healthcare in the 1990s we all have the blood of millions on our hands, millions whom Hillary would have saved had we let her. 
Moore openly fantasizes: what would it be like if Hillary Clinton is secretly progressive? Remember that Moore and many others did the exact same thing with Obama eight years ago. To prove Clinton's progressiveness Moore plays an audio clip of her giving a speech at age 22 in which she does not hint at any position on any issue whatsoever. 
Mostly, however, Moore informs us that Hillary Clinton is female. He anticipates 'that glorious moment when the other gender has a chance to run this world and kick some righteous ass.” Now tell me please, dear world, if your ass is kicked by killers working for a female president will you feel better about it? How do you like Moore's inclusive comments throughout his performance: 'We're all Americans, right?” 
Moore's fantasy is that Clinton will dash off a giant pile of executive orders, just writing Congress out of the government — executive orders doing things like releasing all nonviolent drug offenders from prison immediately (something the real Hillary Clinton would oppose in every way she could). 
But when he runs for president, Moore says, he'll give everybody free drugs. 
I'll tell you the Clinton ad I'd like to see. She's standing over a stove holding an egg. 'This is your brain,” she says solemnly, cracking it into the pan with a sizzle. 'This is your brain on partisanship.” This entry was posted in General . Bookmark the permalink .

ARTICLE

Posted on October 28, 2016 by Charles Hugh Smith 
Central banks are obsessed with boosting inflation, but the 'why inflation is good” arguments make no sense for households being ravaged by inflation. The basic argument is that inflation makes it easier for debtors to service their debts. 
But this is only true if income rises along with costs. If income stays flat while costs rise, households lose ground–debt remains a burden as the purchasing power of income plummets. 
Central banks and the mainstream media make two fatal errors when discussing inflation. 
1. They assume an inflation rate that lumps all costs/prices into one number is meaningful. But the 'headline” consumer price index (CPI) is meaningless for two reasons: 
A. The 'headline” CPI is easily manipulated by underweighting sectors with double-digit cost increases such as higher education, rent and healthcare, and by gaming hedonics and other adjustments. 
B. Households and enterprises that are exposed to sectors with double-digit cost increases experience inflation at rates that are far higher than those households and enterprises that have little to no exposure to soaring rents, healthcare premiums and college tuition. 
2. They lump all inflation-adjusted household income into one 'headline number” of median household income. This is a meaningless number because it combines the top 5% of households that are experiencing strong income gains in the 'recovery” with the 95% of households experiencing stagnant or declining purchasing power. 
In other words, there is not one inflation rate or median household income, there are completely different classes of inflation and income. Americans in the top 5% with little exposure to the soaring big-ticket expenses of rent, healthcare and higher education are doing great, as their income/purchasing power is rising while their household budget is protected from 25% increases in rent, healthcare premiums, etc. 
Households with stagnant incomes that are fully exposed to the ravages of soaring big-ticket expenses are experiencing catastrophic losses of purchasing power (i.e. inflation) on the order of 8% to 12% declines annually. 
Take a look at these charts: 
A better measure of how households are doing is to compare GDP (gross domestic product) and wages: if GDP is rising but household incomes aren't keeping pace with GDP, then households are doing worse–which is exactly what's happened in the 'recovery”: 
The share of GDP devoted to wages is another basic measure of household well-being: the wage/salary share of the economy has been declining for 45 years: 
Meanwhile, the top 5% is riding high: notice how the spending of the top 5% has pulled away from the stagnant spending of the bottom 95% during the 'recovery”: 
Any household paying soaring healthcare premiums and co-pays is being crushed: 
Ditto for households experiencing double-digit rent increases: 
Rising inflation crushes the purchasing power of the bottom 95% whose incomes are not rising along with double-digit cost increases in big-ticket expenses. Central banks seeking to boost inflation are waging financial war on the bottom 95% of households.

ARTICLE

Posted on October 29, 2016 by Kevin Ryan 
Scientist and scholar Frank Legge passed away on October 20 th 2016. Frank was a leader of the international 9/11 Truth Movement. He had been a co-editor of the Journal of 9/11 Studies and a founding member of both Scholars for 9/11 Truth & Justice and Scientists for 9/11 Truth. His contributions to research into 9/11 will be remembered as among the most important in history. 
Frank had a long and fulfilling life before and beyond the events of 9/11. He was a husband, father, and grandfather as well as a farmer, pilot, research scientist, and entrepreneur. 
After obtaining a Diploma of Agriculture (Longerenong, Victoria, Australia), Frank spent his early years as an agricultural employee, then a contractor, in the state of Queensland. He then obtained a 'conditional purchase” block of virgin bush in Western Australia, which he cleared and developed as a sheep and grain farm. On completion of this, Frank moved to Perth and enrolled at the University of Western Australia. During this period he obtained a pilot's license and acquired a share in a plane, which was useful in enabling him to easily visit and continue operating the farm. 
On graduating with a Ph.D. in chemistry, in 1983, Dr. Legge worked as a research officer for the Department of Agriculture for a number of years. This included research into the manufacture and use of biodiesel. He was also involved with the Australian Merino Society in the development of their sheep-breeding index. With a colleague, he then formed a company, Solar Track Pty Ltd, and embarked on a project manufacturing solar tracking devices, based on a patented concept they developed in conjunction with the Department of Agriculture. Lastly he moved to consulting. 
Frank's understanding of the events of 9/11 was set out in his website, now maintained by David Chandler. http://www.scienceof911.com.au/ 
This site includes links to many papers on the subject, including those Dr. Legge wrote and co-authored. He believed that the evidence for explosives in controlled demolition of all three of the buildings at the World Trade Center was convincing and that the failure of the U.S. agency NIST to consider this possibility was prima facie evidence of corruption and obstruction of justice. 
Some of Dr. Legge's most important contributions to the 9/11 debate: He was a prolific contributor to the Journal of 9/11 Studies , starting with the first publication in June 2006. His careful, logical approach was the basis for a dozen articles and half a dozen letters published by the Journal . In October 2007, he joined as co-editor and continued in that capacity until July 2012. Among his most important articles was an early examination of the fall of WTC Building 7 in which Dr. Legge examined video and graphed the acceleration of the building. This paper, published ten years ago, initiated a series of similar calculations that led to irrefutable arguments in favor of demolition. Dr. Legge's insights and expertise were often less visible than the work of his colleagues. That fact is exemplified by his listing as fourth author of eight on the seminal article Extremely High Temperatures During the World Trade Center Destruction . His co-authors would agree that his leadership on the article was invaluable. He was co-author for articles that brought the unanswered questions of 9/11 into mainstream scientific discussion. These included a search for common ground with official investigators called Fourteen Points of Agreement with Official Government Reports on the Destruction of the World Trade Center . Frank was also an important contributor to the breakthrough article entitled Active Thermitic Material Discovered in Dust from the 9/11 World Trade Center Catastrophe . Collaborating with Warren Stutt, Dr. Legge provided a study of the data file from the Flight Data Recorder (FDR) for the flight that was reported to have hit the Pentagon. The purpose of this work was to show that, contrary to widespread belief among activists, the data portrayed a flight that corresponded with the official reports of the course of the aircraft. Frank's position was that there were many reasons to doubt the truthfulness of the 9/11 reports but the data from the FDR was not one of them. His hope was that this information would help to unify the Truth Movement as it would reduce the tendency to assert claims, based on misinterpretation of the FDR file, that the plane did not hit the Pentagon. As co-author with David Chandler, Legge examined the case that the Pentagon was hit by a plane , and that it did not fly over, as asserted by some activists. Again Dr. Legge's hope was to unify the Truth Movement. This was followed by an Addendum that strengthened the case. 
Although a sound scientific approach was characteristic of his work, Legge's personality was also important in that he was often the most mature participant in any discussion. This is not to say he was merely the oldest but that he was levelheaded and composed in many heated, ego-driven, arguments. That is, Frank Legge was the grown-up at times when it was most needed. 
This fact was exhibited in many of his writings and communications. For example, in order to achieve incremental improvement in the debate about what hit the Pentagon, Legge advocated a 'precautionary principle,” urging everyone to assert only what was truly known. In order to address arguments raised in support of the 'flyover” case, Legge wrote a paper on the Search for Consensus to seek common ground. 
In the last decade of his life, Frank Legge had a tremendous influence on many people around the world. He led scientific inquiry into one of the most controversial subjects in history and he collaborated positively with many fellow citizens to reveal the truth. Those of us who worked with him during this time will remember his intelligence, dignity, and respect for others.

ARTICLE

By Jeffrey Snider, Alhambra Investment Partners 
There is a growing body of public work that suggests Federal Reserve officials are prepared now for a very different sort of normalization than what had been envisioned up until this year. That comes, as noted earlier , with the realization that the economy is not just in rough shape but likely to remain that way for the foreseeable future . 
The important caveat left off that bleak pronouncement is actually ceteris paribus . So long as the current policy and monetary system remains firmly in place, there is little hope the global economy will just spontaneously ignite. Since economists and central bankers have made it clear they aren't going anywhere despite being wrong about everything up to now, here we are. 
Even Janet Yellen has been forced to concede that even if the Fed does manage to get on with further rate hikes, the ultimate destination for them in nominal terms is much less than prior 'cycles.” Current thinking seems to be aiming for around 3% for the federal funds rate rather than 5% as had long been accepted. The way things are going, and as the Japanese showed , they will be lucky to get even half that far. 
But in what can be only another sign of just how twisted, upside down, and easily receptive to pretzel logic the mainstream is now, that is supposed to be a good thing especially for stocks. Writing today for BloombergView , Mohamed El-Erian, chief economic advisor for Allianz, makes this exact argument . 
Equity investors have also been reassured by the growing — and correct — recognition that this Fed hiking cycle will depart drastically from historical norms. Instead of following a relatively linear path of increases at regular intervals, it will have pronounced 'stop-go” characteristics. Also, and perhaps more importantly, the endpoint — or what economists call the 'neutral rate” — will be considerably lower than recent historical averages. 
How in the world is that a good thing that would 'reassure” equity investors ? Truly rational investors make decisions based on discounted information about the future, and what El-Erian suggests here (and he hasn't been alone) is that stock investors show more preference for 'accommodative” monetary policy than actual growth. A lower rate ceiling implies without much ambiguity continued awful economic conditions here and elsewhere around the world. But to the screwed up nature of mainstream thought, so long as monetary policy is lower overall continued stagnation is forgiven, perhaps even to be mildly celebrated? 
What does it mean by claiming 'accommodation” that gives 'investors” so much apparent comfort? It can't mean that in economic terms for obvious reasons; instead we are led to believe that low (meaning desperately insufficient) growth isn't all that bad so long as interest rates don't rise too far. Investors are supposed to be paying for growth , not the failure of interest rate 'stimulus” to seed it. If the Fed feels it can't raise rates all that much, with a true 'ceiling” yet to be determined, it is a much riskier , not less risky, environment. 
The idea of a lower R* or r-star is truly a defining defeat, though it is, like El-Erian's attempt here, being spun into what is nothing more than rationalization . As I wrote in September , the falling R-star can mean nothing else: 
There is more complexity when we talk about inflation, of course, but by and large it is commodity prices that have thwarted John William's (or Janet Yellen's) 'normalizing” narrative. Commodities have been falling more intensely since the middle of 2014 but really dating back to the middle of 2011. Both of those inflections recall and are related to obvious eurodollar or global wholesale money events. Thus, even subscribing to Wicksell's theory, the current rate must now be, as it has been, above the natural rate, unambiguously indicating 'tight” money. Whether it is via Friedman's interest rate fallacy or Wicksell's natural rate hypothesis, both arrive at the same conclusion due to seemingly intractable market prices. 
Central banks assume that means they have to 'stimulate” more when in fact it is just their math telling them they haven't stimulated at all – at least not where it counts and has been needed. Translating depression into econometrics is a long and costly affair, but it is at least starting to be done, slowly and in discrete pieces. R* may yet be of some great value, insofar as further calculating just how little monetary authorities know about money. 
Reception of and belief about QE have been very much cult-like and it was thus too thinly constructed to withstand being so thoroughly debunked. This is not even close to making the best of a bad situation; it is instead claiming positive attributes that just don't exist, being downright offensive to common sense. How anyone, let alone El-Erian, wrote that paragraph (contained within an article further rationalizing the latest of the 'rising dollar”) without awareness of its very basic flaw can at best be described as intentionally obtuse while still bordering upon nakedly deceiving. The world of the near future is going to be bad, worse than everything 'we” have been expecting, but take heart, the Fed's monetary policy will reflect just that . Translating it from the original mainstream thought-bubble language truly reveals its truly absurd premise… The Fed failed, and that changes everything; including and especially what is to be made of 'accommodation” and what it is that might have 'reassured” equity investors in the past and might do so (or not) going forward.

ARTICLE

Era of Wisdom October 27, 2016 
Brandon Turbeville took a trip to Lebanon, and almost made it to Syria last month, to report on what is really going on. 
He observed no chemtrails in Lebanon. He said food is generally cheaper there than in the United States, and it is some of the the most flavorful food he has ever eaten. 
Upon arriving back in the United States, he noticed a sickly, tired, generally unwell state of being in Americans, compared to the people who seemed full of life in Lebanon. He described feeling ill for days trying to re-acclimate to the 'American diet.” 
This is part two of the interview, part one can be found here . 
He observed no chemtrails in Lebanon. He said food is generally cheaper there than in the United States, and it is some of the the most flavorful food he has ever eaten. 
Upon arriving back in the United States, he noticed a sickly, tired, generally unwell state of being in Americans, compared to the people who seemed full of life in Lebanon. He described feeling ill for days trying to re-acclimate to the 'American diet.” 
Brandon Turbeville is a journalist with Activist Post , and he has his own website which you can find her e. He is also the vice editor and a contributor at Era of Wisdom , and you can find an excellent interview with Brandon and James Corbett of the Corbett Report at this link . 

This article ( 'Kindest People You've Ever Met”: American Journalist Describes Lebanon, Syrian Attitude After Trip ) is free and open source. You have permission to republish this article under a Creative Commons license with attribution to Era of Wisdom.org . This entry was posted in propaganda . Bookmark the permalink . ← 'The Fed Failed ….” And that Changes Everything David S 
If you can find it, I would highly recommend watching the PBS series Rick Steve's Europe – specifically his shows on Iran. What becomes clearly obvious is that when war is sought by the powers that be, and the powers that profit from death and destruction, the propaganda machine goes into full demonization mode. As can be seen in the show, the people of Iran are warm, wonderful people, just like Americans, who simply wish to live their lives in peace, and would likely be much happier if not for the horrible government they have to live under (just like Americans – and I am not distinguishing between democrat and republican in my condemnation – they are BOTH THE SAME). When war is sought, EVERY member of the target group becomes Hitler or worse. The same was done with the Japanese, the Germans, the Italians, and for decades the Soviets. But really, who is the most horrible of the horrible in any society? The government of course. But the government is RARELY the target of the bombs, the missiles, or the occupation and destruction. But hey, they're just Huns, Gooks, Chinks, Japs, Rag heads, sand niggers, camel jockies, etc……right??? So who cares how many of them get blown to pieces. Well of course that is how Halliburton, Lockeed, the banksters, the Military-Industrial-Congressional complex, etc. want you to think, and thankfully the boot-licking compliant mainstream media is more than happy to paint whatever horrible picture of the country as is needed to engender those feelings. Donate

ARTICLE

Posted on October 29, 2016 by WashingtonsBlog 
Washington's Blog asked the NSA executive who created the agency's mass surveillance program for digital information, who served as the senior technical director within the agency, who managed six thousand NSA employees, the 36-year NSA veteran widely regarded as a 'legend” within the agency and the NSA's best-ever analyst and code-breaker, who mapped out the Soviet command-and-control structure before anyone else knew how, and so predicted Soviet invasions before they happened ('in the 1970s, he decrypted the Soviet Union's command system, which provided the US and its allies with real-time surveillance of all Soviet troop movements and Russian atomic weapons”), Bill Binney – what he thought about the FBI's announcement that it was re-opening the investigation into Hillary Clinton's emails. 
He told us: 
They must have something significant for the FBI to reopen the investigation. Plus I think [FBI Director] Comey had to inform congress of his incomplete testimony to them or else he could be charged with perjury to congress and impeached. 
*** 
Any way you look at it, FBI has a black black eye over this. I have been saying for a long time that when you couple secret intelligence agencies with the police, you get a secret police. In German, that's a GESTAPO (meaning 'State Secret Police”). Plus, when you add to that what the DOJ has been doing relative to this, you have a Department of 'Just Us.” Not good for the citizens of this or any other country. 
Similarly, one of the two reporters who broke the Watergate story – Carl Bernstein – said : 
We don't know what this means yet except that it's a real bombshell . And it is unthinkable that the Director of the FBI would take this action lightly , that he would put this letter forth to the Congress of the United States saying there is more information out there about classified e-mails and call it to the attention of congress unless it was something requiring serious investigation .

ARTICLE

Posted on October 30, 2016 by WashingtonsBlog 
By Gaius Publius , a professional writer living on the West Coast of the United States and frequent contributor to DownWithTyranny, digby, Truthout, and Naked Capitalism. Follow him on Twitter @Gaius_Publius , Tumblr and Facebook . Originally published at at Down With Tyranny . GP article archive here . 
Proposed pipeline routes through the Middle East to gas markets in Europe. The purple line is the Western-supported Qatar-Turkey pipeline. All of the nations it passes through — Saudi Arabia, Jordan, Turkey (all highlighted in red) — have agreed to it … except Syria. The red line is the 'Islamic Pipeline” from Iran through Iraq into Syria. See text below for further explanation. (Source: MintPress News ; click to enlarge) 
Summary first: We have been at war in Syria over pipelines since 1949. This is just the next mad phase. 
I'm not sure most Americans have figured out what's happening in Syria, because so much of what we hear is confusing to us, and really, we know so little of the context for it. Is it an insurgency against a brutal ruler? Is it a group of insurgencies struggling for power in a nearly failed state? Is it a proxy war expressing the territorial and ideological interests of the U.S., Russia, Turkey and Iran? 
Or something else? 
According to Robert F. Kennedy Jr. it is something else — a war between competing national interests to build, or not build, a pipeline to the Mediterranean so natural gas can be exported to Europe. Inconveniently for Syria, that nation lies along an obvious pipeline route. 
Which makes it another war between interests for money — something not very hard to understand at all. 
Here's Kennedy's argument via EcoWatch. This is a long piece, well worth a full read, but I'll try to present just the relevant sections here. 
The Historical Context: Decades of CIA-Sponsored Coups and Counter-Coups in Syria 
Kennedy's introductory section contains an excellent examination of the history of U.S. involvement in Syria starting in the 1950s with the Cold War machinations of the Eisenhower-appointed Dulles brothers, John Foster Dulles, the Secretary of State, and Allen Dulles, the head of the CIA. Together, they effectively ruled U.S. foreign policy. 
Kennedy writes (my emphasis): 
Syria: Another Pipeline War 
… America's unsavory record of violent interventions in Syria—obscure to the American people yet well known to Syrians —sowed fertile ground for the violent Islamic Jihadism that now complicates any effective response by our government to address the challenge of ISIS. So long as the American public and policymakers are unaware of this past, further interventions are likely to only compound the crisis. Moreover, our enemies delight in our ignorance. 
… [W]e need to look at history from the Syrians' perspective and particularly the seeds of the current conflict. Long before our 2003 occupation of Iraq triggered the Sunni uprising that has now morphed into the Islamic State, the CIA had nurtured violent Jihadism as a Cold War weapon and freighted U.S./Syrian relationships with toxic baggage. 
During the 1950's, President Eisenhower and the Dulles brothers rebuffed Soviet treaty proposals to leave the Middle East a cold war neutral zone and let Arabs rule Arabia. Instead, they mounted a clandestine war against Arab Nationalism—which CIA Director Allan [sic] Dulles equated with communism—particularly when Arab self-rule threatened oil concessions. They pumped secret American military aid to tyrants in Saudi Arabia, Jordan, Iraq and Lebanon favoring puppets with conservative Jihadist ideologies which they regarded as a reliable antidote to Soviet Marxism. At a White House meeting between the CIA's Director of Plans, Frank Wisner, and Secretary of State, John Foster Dulles, in September of 1957, Eisenhower advised the agency, 'We should do everything possible to stress the 'holy war' aspect.” 
The CIA began its active meddling in Syria in 1949 —barely a year after the agency's creation. Syrian patriots had declared war on the Nazis, expelled their Vichy French colonial rulers and crafted a fragile secularist democracy based on the American model. But in March of 1949, Syria's democratically elected president, Shukri-al-Kuwaiti, hesitated to approve the Trans Arabian Pipeline, an American project intended to connect the oil fields of Saudi Arabia to the ports of Lebanon via Syria. In his book, Legacy of Ashes , CIA historian Tim Weiner recounts that in retaliation, the CIA engineered a coup , replacing al-Kuwaiti with the CIA's handpicked dictator , a convicted swindler named Husni al-Za'im. Al-Za'im barely had time to dissolve parliament and approve the American pipeline before his countrymen deposed him , 14 weeks into his regime. 
Kennedy then details the history of coups and counter-coups in and against Syria, and concludes this section with this: 
Thanks in large part to Allan Dulles and the CIA, whose foreign policy intrigues were often directly at odds with the stated policies of our nation, the idealistic path outlined in the Atlantic Charter was the road not taken. In 1957, my grandfather, Ambassador Joseph P. Kennedy, sat on a secret committee charged with investigating CIA's clandestine mischief in the Mid-East . The so called 'Bruce Lovett Report,” to which he was a signatory, described CIA coup plots in Jordan, Syria, Iran, Iraq and Egypt, all common knowledge on the Arab street, but virtually unknown to the American people who believed, at face value, their government's denials. 
The report blamed the CIA for the rampant anti-Americanism that was then mysteriously taking root 'in the many countries in the world today.” … A parade of Iranian and Syrian dictators, including Bashar al-Assad and his father , have invoked the history of the CIA's bloody coups as a pretext for their authoritarian rule, repressive tactics and their need for a strong Russian alliance. These stories are therefore well known to the people of Syria and Iran who naturally interpret talk of U.S. intervention in the context of that history. 
While the compliant American press parrots the narrative that our military support for the Syrian insurgency is purely humanitarian, many Syrians see the present crisis as just another proxy war over pipelines and geopolitics. Before rushing deeper into the conflagration, it would be wise for us to consider the abundant facts supporting that perspective. 
So much for our supposed interest in 'humanitarian” intervention in Syria. From a Syrian point of view, it has never been thus. It has been about pipelines since 1949, and they understand that, even if we don't. 
The Current Conflagration 
Kennedy then turns to the present, or the near-present. Refer to the map above as you read: 
A Pipeline War 
In [the Syrians'] view, our war against Bashar Assad did not begin with the peaceful civil protests of the Arab Spring in 2011. Instead it began in 2000 when Qatar proposed to construct a $10 billion, 1,500km pipeline through Saudi Arabia, Jordan, Syria and Turkey . 
Qatar shares with Iran, the South Pars/North Dome gas field, the world's richest natural gas repository. The international trade embargo, until recently, prohibited Iran from selling gas abroad and ensured that Qatar's gas could only reach European markets if it is liquefied and shipped by sea, a route that restricts volume and dramatically raises costs. 
The EU, which gets 30 percent of its gas from Russia, was equally hungry for the pipeline which would have given its members cheap energy and relief from Vladimir Putin's stifling economic and political leverage. Turkey, Russia's second largest gas customer, was particularly anxious to end its reliance on its ancient rival and to position itself as the lucrative transect hub for Asian fuels to EU markets. The Qatari pipeline would have benefited Saudi Arabia's conservative Sunni Monarchy by giving them a foothold in Shia dominated Syria. 
The Saudi's geopolitical goal is to contain the economic and political power of the Kingdom's principal rival, Iran , a Shiite state, and close ally of Bashar Assad. The Saudi monarchy viewed the U.S. sponsored Shia takeover in Iraq as a demotion to its regional power and was already engaged in a proxy war against Tehran in Yemen, highlighted by the Saudi genocide against the Iranian backed Houthi tribe. 
Which puts the Qatari pipeline squarely opposite to Russia's national interest — natural gas (methane) sales to Europe. 
Of course, the Russians, who sell 70 percent of their gas exports to Europe, viewed the Qatar/Turkey pipeline as an existential threat. In Putin's view, the Qatar pipeline is a NATO plot to change the status quo, deprive Russia of its only foothold in the Middle East, strangle the Russian economy and end Russian leverage in the European energy market. In 2009, Assad announced that he would refuse to sign the agreement to allow the pipeline to run through Syria 'to protect the interests of our Russian ally.” 
That was likely the last straw vis-à-vis the U.S. Which brings us to another pipeline, the so-called 'Islamic Pipeline” (see map above): 
'Assad further enraged the Gulf's Sunni monarchs by endorsing a Russian approved 'Islamic pipeline” running from Iran's side of the gas field through Syria and to the ports of Lebanon. The Islamic pipeline would make Shia Iran instead of Sunni Qatar, the principal supplier to the European energy market and dramatically increase Tehran's influence in the Mid-East and the world. Israel also was understandably determined to derail the Islamic pipeline which would enrich Iran and Syria and presumably strengthen their proxies, Hezbollah and Hamas. 
Another, competing pipeline which would run through Syrian territory, but this time carrying Iranian gas instead of Qatari gas. Thus the demonizing of Assad as evil in the mold of Saddam Hussein, instead of just a run-of-the-mill Middle East autocrat, as bad as some but better than others. Kennedy includes a good section on the history of the al-Assad family's rule of Syria, including this information from top reporters Sy Hersh and Robert Parry: 
According to Hersh, 'He certainly wasn't beheading people every Wednesday like the Saudis do in Mecca.” Another veteran journalist, Bob Parry, echoes that assessment. 'No one in the region has clean hands but in the realms of torture, mass killings, civil liberties and supporting terrorism, Assad is much better than the Saudis.” 
In September 2013, the Sunni states involved in the Qatar-Turkey pipeline were so determined to remove Syrian opposition to the pipeline that they offered, via John Kerry, to carry the whole cost of an U.S. invasion to topple al-Assad. 
Kerry reiterated the offer to Rep. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen (R-FL27): 'With respect to Arab countries offering to bear the costs of [an American invasion] to topple Assad, the answer is profoundly Yes, they have. The offer is on the table.” 
Obama's response: 
Despite pressure from Republicans, Barrack Obama balked at hiring out young Americans to die as mercenaries for a pipeline conglomerate . Obama wisely ignored Republican clamoring to put ground troops in Syria or to funnel more funding to 'moderate insurgents.” But by late 2011, Republican pressure and our Sunni allies had pushed the American government into the fray. 
The rest is a history of provocation and over-reaction — a great deal of both — and chaos and death in Syria. Kennedy provides much detail here, at one point adding: 
[Syria's] moderates are fleeing a war that is not their war . They simply want to escape being crushed between the anvil of Assad's Russian backed tyranny and the vicious Jihadi Sunni hammer that we had a hand in wielding in a global battle over competing pipelines . You can't blame the Syrian people for not widely embracing a blueprint for their nation minted in either Washington or Moscow. The super powers have left no options for an idealistic future that moderate Syrians might consider fighting for. And no one wants to die for a pipeline. 
I'll leave it there, but again, do read the entire piece if you want to truly understand what's going on in Syria, and what is about to go on. 
Bottom Line 
Bottom line, it's as Kennedy said: 'No one wants to die for a pipeline” … but many do and will. 
I'll offer three thoughts. One , if we weren't so determined to be deeply dependent on fossil fuels, this would be their war, not ours. Two , we are deeply dependent on fossil fuels because of the political machinations of the oil companies, their CEOs, and the banks and hedge funds who fund them, all of whom pay our government officials — via campaign contributions and the revolving door — to prolong that dependence. We're here because the holders of big oil money want us here. 
And three , keep all this in mind during the term of the next president. It will help you make sense of the phony warrior- cum -humanitarian arguments we're almost certain to be subjected to. 
We have been at war in Syria over pipelines since 1949. This is just the next mad phase.

ARTICLE

Posted on October 30, 2016 by WashingtonsBlog 
By Robert Parry, the investigative reporter who many of the Iran-Contra stories for The Associated Press and Newsweek in the 1980s. Originally published at Parry's Consortium News (republished with permission). 
A curious aspect of the Syrian conflict – a rebellion sponsored largely by the United States and its Gulf state allies – is the disappearance in much of the American mainstream news media of references to the prominent role played by Al Qaeda in seeking to overthrow the secular Syrian government of Bashar al-Assad. 
There's much said in the U.S. press about ISIS, the former 'Al Qaeda in Iraq” which splintered off several years ago, but Al Qaeda's central role in commanding Syria's 'moderate” rebels in Aleppo and elsewhere is the almost unspoken reality of the Syrian war. Even in the U.S. presidential debates, the arguing between Republican Donald Trump and Democrat Hillary Clinton has been almost exclusively about ISIS, not Al Qaeda. The World Trade Center's Twin Towers burning on 9/11. (Photo credit: National Park Service) 
Though Al Qaeda got the ball rolling on America's revenge wars in the Middle East 15 years ago by killing several thousand Americans and others in the 9/11 attacks, the terrorist group has faded into the background of U.S. attention, most likely because it messes up the preferred 'good guy/bad guy” narrative regarding the Syrian war. 
For instance, the conflict in Aleppo between Syrian government forces and rebels operating primarily under Al Qaeda's command is treated in the Western media as simply a case of the barbaric Assad and his evil Russian ally Vladimir Putin mercilessly bombing what is portrayed as the east Aleppo equivalent of Disney World, a place where innocent children and their families peacefully congregate until they are targeted for death by the Assad-Putin war-crime family. 
The photos sent out to the world by skillful rebel propagandists are almost always of wounded children being cared for by the 'White Helmet” rebel civil defense corps , which has come under growing criticism for serving as a public-relations arm of Al Qaeda and other insurgents. (There also are allegations that some of the most notable images have been staged , like a fake war scene from the 1997 dark comedy, 'Wag the Dog.”) 
Rare Glimpse of Truth 
Yet, occasionally, the reality of Al Qaeda's importance in the rebellion breaks through, even in the mainstream U.S. media, although usually downplayed and deep inside the news pages, such as the A9 article in Saturday's New York Times by Hwaida Saad and Anne Barnard describing a rebel offensive in Aleppo. It acknowledges: A fake war scene in the dark 1997 comedy 'Wag the Dog,” which showed a girl and her cat fleeing a bombardment in Albania. 
'The new offensive was a strong sign that rebel groups vetted by the United States were continuing their tactical alliances with groups linked to Al Qaeda, rather than distancing themselves as Russia has demanded and the Americans have urged. … The rebels argue that they cannot afford to shun any potential allies while they are under fire, including well-armed and motivated jihadists, without more robust aid from their international backers.” (You might note how the article subtly blames the rebel dependence on Al Qaeda on the lack of 'robust aid” from the Obama administration and other outside countries – even though such arms shipments violate international law.) 
What the article also makes clear in a hazy kind of way is that Al Qaeda's affiliate, the recently renamed Nusra Front, and its jihadist allies, such as Ahrar al-Sham, are waging the brunt of the fighting while the CIA-vetted 'moderates” are serving in mostly support roles. The Times reported: 
'The insurgents have a diverse range of objectives and backers, but they issued statements of unity on Friday. Those taking part in the offensive include the Levant Conquest Front, a militant group formerly known as the Nusra Front that grew out of Al Qaeda; another hard-line Islamist faction, Ahrar al-Sham; and other rebel factions fighting Mr. Assad that have been vetted by the United States and its allies.” 
The article cites Charles Lister, a senior fellow and Syria specialist at the Middle East Institute in Washington, and other analysts noting that 'the vast majority of the American-vetted rebel factions in Aleppo were fighting inside the city itself and conducting significant bombardments against Syrian government troops in support of the Qaeda-affiliated fighters carrying out the brunt of front-line fighting.” 
Lister noted that 11 of the 20 or so rebel groups conducting the Aleppo 'offensive have been vetted by the C.I.A. and have received arms from the agency, including anti-tank missiles. … 
'In addition to arms provided by the United States, much of the rebels' weaponry comes from regional states, like Turkey, Qatar and Saudi Arabia, Mr. Lister said, including truck-borne multiple-rocket launcher systems and Czech-made Grad rockets with extended ranges.” 
The U.S./Al Qaeda Alliance 
In other words, the U.S. government and its allies have smuggled sophisticated weapons into Syria to arm rebels who are operating in support of Al Qaeda's new military offensive against Syrian government forces in Aleppo. By any logical analysis, that makes the United States an ally of Al Qaeda. A heart-rending propaganda image designed to justify a major U.S. military operation inside Syria against the Syrian military. 
The Times article also includes a quote from Genevieve Casagrande, a Syria research analyst from the Institute for the Study of War, a neoconservative 'think tank” that has supported more aggressive U.S. military involvement in Syria and the Middle East. 
'The unfortunate truth, however, is that these U.S.-backed groups remain somewhat dependent upon the Al Qaeda linked groups for organization and firepower in these operations,” Casagrande said. 
The other unfortunate truth is that the U.S.-supplied rebels have served, either directly or indirectly, as conduits to funnel U.S. military equipment and ordnance to Al Qaeda. 
One might think that the editors of The New York Times – if they were operating with old-fashioned news judgment rather than with propagandistic blinders on – would have recast the article to highlight the tacit U.S. alliance with Al Qaeda and put that at the top of the front page. 
Still, the admissions are significant, confirming what we have reported at Consortiumnews.com for many months, including Gareth Porter's article last February saying : 'Information from a wide range of sources, including some of those the United States has been explicitly supporting, makes it clear that every armed anti-Assad organization unit in those provinces [of Idlib and Aleppo] is engaged in a military structure controlled by [Al Qaeda's] Nusra militants. All of these rebel groups fight alongside the Nusra Front and coordinate their military activities with it. … 
'At least since 2014 the Obama administration has armed a number of Syrian rebel groups even though it knew the groups were coordinating closely with the Nusra Front, which was simultaneously getting arms from Turkey and Qatar.” 
Double Standards 
The Times article on page A9 also deviated from the normal propaganda themes by allowing a statement by Syrian officials and the Russians regarding their suspension of airstrikes over the past week to permit the evacuation of civilians from east Aleppo and the rebels' refusal to let people leave, even to the point of firing on the humanitarian corridors: An Israeli strike caused a huge explosion in a residential area in Gaza during the Israeli assault on Gaza in 2008-2009. (Photo credit: Al Jazeera) 
'The [Syrian] government and its [Russian] allies accused the rebels of forcing Aleppo residents to stay, and of using them as human shields.” 
The 'human shields” argument is one that is common when the United States or its allies are pummeling some city controlled by 'enemy” forces whether Israel's bombardment of Gaza or the U.S. Marines' leveling of Fallujah in Iraq or the current campaign against ISIS in the Iraqi city of Mosul. In those cases, the horrific civilian bloodshed, including the killing of children by U.S. or allied forces, is blamed on Hamas or Sunni insurgents or ISIS but never on the people dropping the bombs. 
An entirely opposite narrative is applied when U.S. adversaries, such as Syria or Russia, are trying to drive terrorists and insurgents out of an urban area. Then, there is usually no reference to 'human shields” and all the carnage is blamed on 'war crimes” by the U.S. adversaries. That propaganda imperative helps explain why Al Qaeda and its jihadist comrades have been largely whited out of the conflict in Aleppo. 
Over the past few years, U.S. regional allies, such as Israel and Saudi Arabia, also have shifted their public attitudes toward Al Qaeda, seeing it as a blunt instrument to smash the so-called 'Shiite crescent” reaching from Iran through Syria to Lebanon. For instance, in September 2013, Israel's Ambassador to the United States Michael Oren, then a close adviser to Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, told the Jerusalem Post that Israel favored Syria's Sunni extremists over President Assad. 
'The greatest danger to Israel is by the strategic arc that extends from Tehran, to Damascus to Beirut. And we saw the Assad regime as the keystone in that arc,” Oren told the Jerusalem Post in an interview . 'We always wanted Bashar Assad to go, we always preferred the bad guys who weren't backed by Iran to the bad guys who were backed by Iran.” He said this was the case even if the 'bad guys” were with Al Qaeda. 
And, in June 2014, speaking as a former ambassador at an Aspen Institute conference, Oren expanded on his position, saying Israel would even prefer a victory by the brutal Islamic State over continuation of the Iranian-backed Assad in Syria. 'From Israel's perspective, if there's got to be an evil that's got to prevail, let the Sunni evil prevail,” Oren said. 
Warming to Al Qaeda 
As Israeli officials shifted toward viewing Al Qaeda and even ISIS as the lesser evils and built a behind-the-scenes alliance with Saudi Arabia and the Sunni states, American neoconservatives also began softening their tone regarding the perpetrators of the 9/11 attacks. Michael Oren, Israel's ambassador to the United States. 
Across the U.S. foreign policy establishment, pressure built for 'regime change” in Damascus even if that risked handing Syria to Sunni jihadists. That strategy hit a road bump in 2014 when ISIS began chopping off the heads of Western hostages in Syria and capturing swathes of territory in Iraq, including Mosul. 
That bloody development forced President Barack Obama to begin targeting ISIS militants in both Iraq and Syria, but the neocon-dominated Washington establishment still favored the Israeli-Saudi objective of 'regime change” in Syria regardless of how that might help Al Qaeda. 
Thus, Al Qaeda's Nusra Front and its jihadist ally, Ahrar al-Sham, faded into the background under the fiction that the anti-Assad forces were primarily noble 'moderates” trying to save the children from the bloodthirsty fiends, Assad and Putin. 
Grudgingly, The New York Times, deep inside Saturday's newspaper, acknowledged at least part of the troubling reality, that the U.S. government has, in effect, allied itself with Al Qaeda terrorists.

ARTICLE

hat tip: What Really Happened 
Alex Jones' 6-minute analysis on released e-mails: 
In context, please be clear this is not an endorsement of Trump for President. When Americans are told an election is defined by touching a computer screen without a countable receipt that can be verified, they are being told a criminal lie to allow election fraud . This is self-evident, but Princeton , Stanford , and the President of the American Statistical Association are among the leaders pointing to the obvious (and here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here ). Again, no professional would/can argue an election is legitimate when there is nothing for anyone to count. Private e-mails on private server + $2 billion Clinton Foundation – 10% for 'charity” = massive criminal fraud 
Since 2001 , the Clinton Foundation has raised ~$2 billion for 'charity,” but with tax records revealing only 10% of money went for programs, with apparently ~50% going directly to Bill and Hillary Clinton (and here , here ). 
A 35-second summary from Judge Jeanine Pirro; full 5-minute interview (disclaimer: this corporate media outlet will never tell the truth of US/Israel connections to create ISIS or lie-started US Wars of Aggression also requiring arrests ): 
Economic Hitman John Perkins ' 2-minutes of context on this type of neo-colonialism capitalism: 
Clinton committed obvious federal felonies from operating a private government through her personal e-mail while Secretary of State. She lies continuously about these facts , including that she received and sent classified and confidential information . The 'missing” and deleted e-mails are likely to show her trading State Department favors for Clinton Foundation donations; a primary motivation to have a private e-mail server in order to keep these communications secret. Top 5 criminal lies by Hillary Clinton in two minutes : 
A similar playbook is documented in the 1-page article, Rigged , in 2004 with President W. Bush. 
USA Watchdog's 14-minute interview on Clinton Foundation massive fraud with Charles Ortel, which may total $100 billion: 
In addition, the Clintons deducted over a million dollars from their 2015 federal taxes for 'charitable donations”: 96% of which went to the Clinton Foundation . 10% for charity, 90% for us scam same as 'retirement funds” 
Public employee retirement accounts have 'investment strategy” that pay Wall Street 'advisors” twice as much as the cash paid to retirees. This scam has a net rate of return often costing taxpayers money rather than generating income to pay for retirees. Full explanation and documentation here and here . 
My 22-minute interview on this topic: Big Picture: ongoing US rogue state empire 
This article series defines rogue state , along with history demonstrating this has been a dominant US status for over 170 years. Please refresh your understanding to be confident of these obvious facts for your citizen voice. 
In contrast, a president and officers including Secretary of State uphold the law rather than ignore and violate it, embracing limited government under a constitution. The illegal and unlimited government crimes centered in war, money, and constant lying refute the presence of an executive branch upholding fair law. Again this is documented here . Don't vote for evil; arrest evil 
Americans who vote for Hillary or Trump are voting with relative ignorance to continue the following, with 95%+ who would never agree if honestly briefed on the facts. Once informed, unless one wishes to bond with such evil and bullshit, one cannot vote for it. If one wishes to stand as an American under our ideals and Constitution, one must demand arrests for such outrageous crimes. 
The categories of crime include: Wars of Aggression (the worst crime a nation can commit). Likely treason for lying to US military, ordering unlawful attack and invasions of foreign lands, and causing thousands of US military deaths. Crimes Against Humanity for ongoing intentional policy of poverty that's killed over 400 million human beings just since 1995 (~75% children; more deaths than from all wars in Earth's recorded history). 
Ordinary Americans, US military, law enforcement, and all with Oaths to support and defend the US Constitution against all enemies, foreign and domestic, face an endgame choice: Demand arrests , with those with lawful authority to enact it. An arrest is the lawful action to stop apparent crimes , with the most serious crimes documented here having the most important need for arrests. Watch the US escalate its rogue state crimes under President Clinton or President Trump. 
In just 90 seconds , former US Marine Ken O'Keefe powerfully states how you may choose to voice 'very obvious solutions”: arrest the criminal leaders (video starts at 20:51, then finishes this episode of Cross Talk ): Corporate media surrender to the facts, or limited hangout? 
The American public have an opening: 18 minutes of corporate media disclosure on the e-mail crisis: 
** 
Note: I make all factual assertions as a National Board Certified Teacher of US Government, Economics, and History, with all economics factual claims receiving zero refutation since I began writing in 2008 among Advanced Placement Macroeconomics teachers on our discussion board , public audiences of these articles , and international conferences . I invite readers to empower their civic voices with the strongest comprehensive facts most important to building a brighter future. I challenge professionals, academics, and citizens to add their voices for the benefit of all Earth's inhabitants. 
** 
Carl Herman is a National Board Certified Teacher of US Government, Economics, and History; also credentialed in Mathematics. He worked with both US political parties over 18 years and two UN Summits with the citizen's lobby, RESULTS , for US domestic and foreign policy to end poverty. He can be reached at 
Note: Examiner.com has blocked public access to my articles on their site (and from other whistleblowers), so some links in my previous work are blocked. If you'd like to search for t hose articles other sites may have republished, use words from the article title within the blocked link. Or, go to http://archive.org/web/ , p aste the expired link into the box, click 'Browse history,” then click onto the screenshots of that page for each time it was screen-shot and uploaded to webarchive. I'll update as 'hobby time” allows; including my earliest work from 2009 to 2011 (blocked author pages: here , here ). 
**

ARTICLE

jammer on Help Send Washington's Blog to Standing Rock Contact Us We read all emails sent to us, but are too busy to respond to many. We greatly appreciate feedback and leads. to contact us. Learn more about us here . Syndication If you wish to reproduce any essays from this site: 
You may reproduce our essays as long as you give proper attribution (Washington's Blog) and provide a link to our site at the top of the post. National Security and Copyright Notices National Security Notice We are NOT calling for the overthrow of the government. In fact, we are calling for the reinstatement of our government. We are not calling for lawlessness. We are calling for an end to lawlessness and lack of accountability and a return to the rule of law. Rather than trying to subvert the constitution, we are calling for its enforcement . We are patriotic Americans born and raised in this country. We love the U.S. We don't seek to destroy or attack America ... we seek to restore her to strength, prosperity, liberty and respect. We don't support or like Al Qaeda, ISIS, the Taliban, or any similar or supporting groups. We think they are all disgusting. The nation's top legal scholars say that draconian security laws which violate the Constitution should not apply to Americans . Should you attempt to shut down this site or harass its authors, you are anti-liberty, anti-justice, anti-American ... and undermining America's national security. 
Copyright Notice This site provides political commentary, education and parody protected by the fair use and My Lai/Zapruder exceptions to copyright law. 
We are not copyright pirates. We do not seek to destroy all copyright law. Even the country's top copyright lawyers oppose draconian anti-piracy laws . FAIR USE NOTICE: This site contains copyrighted material the use of which has not always been specifically authorized by the copyright owner. We are making such material available in our efforts to advance understanding of political, economic, scientific, and educational issues. We believe this constitutes a 'fair use' of any such copyrighted material as provided for in section 107 of the US Copyright Law. In accordance with Title 17 U.S.C. Section 107, the material on this site is distributed without profit to those who have expressed a prior interest in receiving the included information for research and educational purposes. For more information go to: 
If you wish to use copyrighted material from this site for purposes of your own that go beyond 'fair use', you must obtain permission from the copyright owner. Business/Economic News

ARTICLE

Posted on October 30, 2016 by WashingtonsBlog 
Zero Hedge reports that Twitter, Facebook, Buzzfeed and Snapchat appear to be censoring the biggest bombshell of this election cycle … that the FBI re-opened its investigation of Clinton's emails 11 days before the election. 
I can add that I've been checking Reddit's front page – the top 25 stories – every day, and there hasn't been a single reference to the FBI, Clinton or emails since the FBI made its announcement. 
As we've documented for years , social media is manipulated by the powers-that-be to prevent news that challenges the status quo from going viral.

ARTICLE

Why I Won't Vote for Hillary Clinton | Evan Edinger” (but then he changes his mind on that) TO CLOSE: Evan Edlinger will vote for Hillary against Trump because he thinks that whereas Hillary's actual track-record of policies (not mere statements) in public office have been horrific, Trump's bad statements and lack of any track-record in public office at all, make Trump even worse. That's what he thinks. I think it makes Trump better — the better choice — as opposed to the proven evil and catastrophically harmful public official, Hillary Clinton. Edlinger is preferring an evil record as a public official, to no record as a public official. Edlinger fails to make two crucial distinctions: One is that he fails to distinguish between mere political statements, versus actual political policies carried out as a public official (which show Hillary to be a proven neocon and tool of Wall Street); and the other is his failing to distinguish between a bad record in a person's private or business affairs, versus a bad record as an actual public official. Only the bad record as a public official should be absolutely disqualifying — and that's Clinton, not Trump, who has a horrific record as a public official. Trump has no record at all as a public official. Edlinger at 1:30 in his video says that when he contemplates voting for Hillary,”There's always one thing that comes in the way, and that's trust.” He says he doesn't trust her — but what he doesn't actually 'trust” is her words; when he says he'll vote for her, he's simply ignoring her actions, he's ignoring the real person-as-a-public-official, the person who is shown and displayed beyond any reasonable doubt whatsoever. Proven selfishness in one's private life is bad, but proven selfishness and evil in one's public-office policies (such as 'We came, we saw, he died. Ha, ha!” ) is utterly disqualifying. I argued in my 'I'm a Bernie Sanders Voter: Here's Why I'll Vote Trump” , that Trump could possibly turn out to be a progressive President; but, even if he turns out to be a bad President, he won't, on balance, be as horrific as will a President Hillary Clinton. With Trump, there is reason to have some hope for the future of the world; with Clinton, there is reason to expect unprecedented horrors .

ARTICLE

Posted on October 30, 2016 by DavidSwanson 
Picture, if you will, video footage of vintage (early 2016) Donald Trump buffoonery with the CEO of CBS Leslie Moonves commenting on major media's choice to give Trump vastly more air time than other candidates: 'It may not be good for America, but it's damn good for CBS.” 
That's the introduction to a powerful critique of the U.S. media. A new film screens in New York and Los Angeles this week called All Governments Lie: Truth, Deception, and the Spirit of I.F. Stone . 
The website AllGovernmentsLie.com has screening dates , a list of lies , and a list of good journalists who expose lies . The lists on the website are not identical to the content of the film, but there's a good deal of overlap — enough to give you a sense of what this project is about. 
I'd have made various changes and additions to the film. In particular, I'm tired of all the focus on Iraq 2003. This film touches on war lies since then, but still gives that one particular set of war lies prominence. 
Still, this is a film that should be shown in cities, homes, and classrooms across the United States. It includes and is driven by Noam Chomsky's analysis of how the media system is 'rigged” without those doing the rigging believing they've done anything at all. It's a survey of skullduggery by corporate media. It's an introduction to numerous journalists far superior to the norm. And it's an introduction to I.F. Stone. It includes footage of a presentation of the annual Izzy Award which goes to journalists acting in Stone's tradition. 
One of the lies listed in the film and on the website is that of the Gulf of Tonkin (non-)Incident. Anyone paying attention knows of it now as a war lie. And it was a transparent war lie at the time in a particular sense. That is: had the North Vietnamese really shot back at a U.S. ship off their coast, that would not have been any sort of legal, much less moral, justification for escalating a war. I'd love it if people could grasp that logic and apply it to the Black Sea, the Red Sea, and every other part of the earth today. 
But the Gulf of Tonkin lies about Vietnamese aggression against the U.S. ships innocently patrolling and firing off the coast of Vietnam were not transparent to people with faith in the U.S. role of Global Policeman. Someone had to make the lies transparent. Someone had to document that in fact the Secretary of So-Called Defense and the President were lying. Sadly, nobody did that in the first 24 hours after the Congressional committee hearings, and that was all it took for Congress to hand the president a war. 
And it was decades before White House transcripts came out and before the National Security Agency confessed, and additional years before former Secretary Robert McNamara did. Yet, those revelations simply confirmed what people paying attention knew. And they knew it because of I.F. Stone who just weeks after the (non-)incident published a four-page edition of his weekly newsletter exclusively about Tonkin. 
Stone's analysis is useful in looking at the incident or lack thereof this past month in the Red Sea off Yemen. And in fact it is to Yemen that Stone immediately turned on page 1 in 1964. The United Nations, including its U.S. ambassador, had recently condemned British attacks on Yemen that Britain defended as retaliatory. President Dwight Eisenhower had also warned the French against retaliatory attacks on Tunisia. And President Lyndon Johnson, even at the time of Tonkin, Stone notes, was warning Greece and Turkey not to engage in retaliatory attacks on each other. 
Stone, who tended to look even at written laws that nobody else paid any heed to, pointed out that three of them banned these sorts of attacks: the League of Nations Covenant, the Kellogg-Briand Pact, and the U.N. Charter. The latter two are still theoretically in place for the U.S. government. 
The United States in Vietnam, Stone goes on to show, could not have been innocently attacked but itself admitted to having already sunk a number of Vietnamese boats. And indeed the U.S. ships, Stone reports, were in North Vietnamese waters and were there to assist South Vietnamese ships that were shelling two North Vietnamese islands. And in fact those ships had been supplied to South Vietnam by the U.S. military and the good old American tax payers. 
Stone did not have access to closed committee hearings, but he hardly needed it. He considered the assertions made in speeches by the only two senators who voted against the war. And then he looked for any rejoinders by the chairmen of the committees. He found their denials to be non-denials and nonsensical. It made no sense that the U.S. ships simply happened to be randomly hanging around in the vicinity of the South Vietnamese ships. Stone didn't believe it. 
Stone also filled in the background information. The United States had been supporting guerrilla attacks on North Vietnam for years prior to the non-incident. And Stone raised numerous suspicions, including the question of why the U.S. ships had supposedly made sure they were out in international waters for the (non-)incident to (not) occur, and the question of why in the world Vietnam would take on the United States military (something nobody could explain, though Eugene McCarthy proposed that perhaps they had been bored). 
Missing from the film and website of All Governments Lie is I.F. Stone's work on lies about the outbreak of the Korean War. We've learned more since he wrote it, but seen little more insightful, relevant, or timely for our understanding of Korea and the world today. This entry was posted in General . Bookmark the permalink .

ARTICLE

By Michael Snyder, the Economic Collapse Blog . 
In the world of politics, the cover-up is often worse than the original crime. It was his role in the Watergate cover-up that took down Richard Nixon, and now Hillary Clinton's cover-up of her email scandal could send her to prison for a very, very long time. When news broke that the FBI has renewed its investigation into Hillary Clinton's emails, it sent shockwaves throughout the political world . But this time around, we aren't just talking about an investigation into the mishandling of classified documents. I haven't heard anyone talking about this, but if the FBI discovers that Hillary Clinton altered, destroyed or concealed any emails that should have been turned over to the FBI during the original investigation, she could be charged with obstruction of justice. That would immediately end her political career, and if she was found guilty it could send her to prison for the rest of her life. 
I have not seen a single news report mention the phrase 'obstruction of justice” yet, but I am convinced that there is a very good chance that this is where this scandal is heading. The following is the relevant part of the federal statute that deals with obstruction of justice … 
Whoever knowingly alters, destroys, mutilates, conceals, covers up, falsified, or makes a false entry in any record, document, or tangible object with the intent to impede, obstruct, or influence the investigation or proper administration of any matter within the jurisdiction of any department or agency of the United States or any case filed under Title 11, or in relation to or contemplation of any such matter or case, shall be fined under this title, imprisoned not more than 20 years, or both. 
If Hillary Clinton is sent to prison for 20 years, that would essentially be for the rest of her life. 
I have a feeling that the FBI is going to find a great deal of evidence of obstruction of justice in Huma Abedin's emails. But unfortunately there is not likely to be a resolution to this matter before November 8th, because according to the Wall Street Journal there are approximately 650,000 emails to search through… 
As federal agents prepare to scour roughly 650,000 emails to see how many relate to a prior probe of Hillary Clinton 's email use, the surprise disclosure that investigators were pursuing the potential new evidence lays bare building tensions inside the bureau and the Justice Department over how to investigate the Democratic presidential nominee. 
Metadata found on the laptop used by former Rep. Anthony Weiner and his estranged wife Huma Abedin, a close Clinton aide, suggests there may be thousands of emails sent to or from the private server that Mrs. Clinton used while she was secretary of state, according to people familiar with the matter. It will take weeks, at a minimum, to determine whether those messages are work-related from the time Ms. Abedin served with Mrs. Clinton at the State Department; how many are duplicates of emails already reviewed by the Federal Bureau of Investigation; and whether they include either classified information or important new evidence in the Clinton email probe. 
Of those 650,000 emails, an inside source told Fox News that ' at least 10,000 ” would be of interest to the investigation. 
At this point, FBI officials have not even begun searching through the emails, because a search warrant has not been secured yet. The following comes from CNN … 
Government lawyers haven't yet approached Abedin's lawyers to seek an agreement to conduct the search. Sources earlier told CNN that those discussions had begun, but the law enforcement officials now say they have not. 
Either way, government lawyers plan to seek a search warrant from a judge to conduct the search of the computer, the law enforcement officials said. 
But the FBI is reportedly already searching a laptop that was co-owned by Anthony Weiner and Huma Abedin, and no warrant was necessary for that search because Weiner is cooperating with the FBI. 
Many have been wondering why FBI Director James Comey would choose to make such a bold move just over a week until election day. Surely he had to know that this would have a dramatic impact on the election, and it is unlikely that he would have done so unless someone had already found something really big. In addition, Comey was reportedly eager to find an opportunity to redeem himself in the eyes of his peers at the FBI. The following is an excerpt from a Daily Mail article that was written by Ed Klein, the author of a recently released New York Times bestseller about the Clintons entitled ' Guilty As Sin '… 
'The atmosphere at the FBI has been toxic ever since Jim announced last July that he wouldn't recommend an indictment against Hillary,' said the source, a close friend who has known Comey for nearly two decades, shares family outings with him, and accompanies him to Catholic mass every week. 
'Some people, including department heads, stopped talking to Jim, and even ignored his greetings when they passed him in the hall,' said the source. 'They felt that he betrayed them and brought disgrace on the bureau by letting Hillary off with a slap on the wrist.' 
According to the source, Comey fretted over the problem for months and discussed it at great length with his wife, Patrice. 
He told his wife that he was depressed by the stack of resignation letters piling up on his desk from disaffected agents. The letters reminded him every day that morale in the FBI had hit rock bottom. 
So what happens next? 
In the most likely scenario, the FBI will not have time to complete the investigation and decide whether or not to charge Hillary Clinton before the election. This means that we would go into November 8th with this scandal hanging over the Clinton campaign, and that would seem to be very good news for Donald Trump. 
However, it is possible that once the FBI starts searching through these emails that they could come to the conclusion very rapidly that charges against Clinton are warranted, and if that happens we could still see some sort of announcement before election day. 
In the unlikely event that does happen, we could actually see Hillary Clinton forced out of the race before November 8th. 
Once again, this appears to be very unlikely at this point, but it is still possible. 
If Clinton was forced to step aside, the Democrats would need to come up with a new nominee, and that process would take time. In an article later today on The Most Important News I will reveal who I believe that nominee would be. 
In such a scenario, the Democrats would desperately need time to get their act together, and so we could actually see Barack Obama attempt to delay or suspend the election . The legality of such a move is highly questionable, but Barack Obama has not allowed a little thing like the U.S. Constitution to stop him in the past. 
This week is going to be exceedingly interesting – that is for sure. 
The craziest election in modern American history just keeps getting crazier, and I have a feeling that even more twists and turns are ahead. 
It sure seems ironic that Anthony Weiner is playing such a central role this late in the story, and I can't wait to see what is in store for the season finale.

ARTICLE

From the first piece headlined James Comey is damaging our democracy : 
First, the FBI director, James B. Comey, put himself enthusiastically forward as the arbiter of not only whether to prosecute a criminal case — which is not the job of the FBI — but also best practices in the handling of email and other matters. Now, he has chosen personally to restrike the balance between transparency and fairness , departing from the department's traditions. 
From the second piece by notorious mud-slinger Dana Milbank: 
I've long believed in Comey's integrity. But if he doesn't step forward and explain his October Surprise, he may inadvertently wind up interfering in the political process — perhaps even reversing the outcome of a presidential election — in a way that would have made J. Edgar Hoover gape. 
And the third strike : 
FBI Director James B. Comey's stunning announcement that he has directed investigators to begin reviewing new evidence in the Clinton email investigation was yet another troubling violation of long-standing Justice Department rules or precedent, conduct that raises serious questions about his judgment and ability to serve as the nation's chief investigative official . 
Back to the July 7 editorial: 
'It appears damage is being done to the rule of law,” Mr. Ryan said. He's right, but the FBI director isn't doing the damage. The wreckers are those who cast baseless aspersions on U.S. law enforcement in the service of their partisan goals . 
I for one believe that Comey was wrong in July and is right today. He should have pressed for charges against Clinton early on. Using a 'secret” private email server for confidential state business is not legal and would have been out of bounds for anyone else. Now possible new evidence was found and must be investigated. It is not Comey's job to ask if the timing of a renewed investigation is convenient for the potential culprit. He also had to inform Congress because he had reasonably promised to do so. (He also needed to save his ass before anyone else in his department talked to the media.) 
The so called 'election” of a U.S. president is always a sorry show. But this season's version has at least some amusing moments. Seeing the hypocrites at Fred Hyatt's Funny Pages™ squirm is one of them. It makes me smirk.

ARTICLE

Posted on October 30, 2016 by Charles Hugh Smith 
Back in August, I asked Could the Deep State Be Sabotaging Hillary? I think we now have a definitive answer: 'These blast points on Hillary's campaign… too accurate for the Mainstream Media. Only the forces of the Imperial Deep State are so precise.” 
The Mainstream Media is presenting the FBI investigation as a 'lose-lose” situation for embattled FBI Director Comey. If Comey remained quiet until after the election, he would be accused of colluding with the Clinton campaign and its allies in the Department of Justice (sic). 
But in going public, he stands accused by Democrats of 'intervening in an election,” i.e. raising doubts about Hillary's judgement and veracity days before Americans go to the polls. 
Another narrative has Comey's hand forced by the threat of disgusted FBI agents leaking information that would show the FBI caved into political pressure from the Democratic Party and Clinton campaign to keep relevant material out of the public eye until after the election. 
I submit another much more powerful dynamic is in play: the upper ranks of the Deep State now view Hillary as an unacceptable liability. The word came down to Comey to act whether he wanted to or not, i.e. take one for the good of the nation/Deep State/Imperial Project. 
As a refresher: the Deep State is the unelected government (also called the invisible or shadow government) that is not as monolithic as generally assumed. 
The neo-conservative globalists who want Hillary to continue pushing their agenda are the more visible camp, but another less visible but highly motivated camp realizes Hillary and her neo-con agenda would severely damage the nation's security and its global influence. It is this camp that is arranging for Hillary to lose. 
The consensus view seems to be that the Establishment and the Deep State see Trump as a loose cannon who might upset the neo-con apple cart by refusing to toe the neo-con line. 
This view overlooks the reality that significant segments of the Deep State view the neo-con strategy as an irredeemable failure. To these elements of the Deep State, Hillary is a threat precisely because she embraces the failed neo-con strategy and those who cling to it. From this point of view, Hillary as president would be an unmitigated disaster for the Deep State and the nation/Imperial Project it governs. 
Whatever else emerges from the emails being leaked or officially released, one conclusion is inescapable: Hillary's judgement is hopelessly flawed. Combine her lack of judgement with her 24 years of accumulated baggage and her potential to push the neo-con agenda to the point of global disaster, and you get a potent need for the Deep State's most prescient elements to derail her campaign and clear a path to Trump's executive team. 
Once this path is clear, the management of Trump's executive team can begin in earnest, a management process aimed at disengaging the nation and its global Empire from neo-con overreach. 
If you think this scenario is 'impossible,” let's see how the election plays out before deciding what's 'impossible” and what's inevitable.

ARTICLE

Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid alleges that FBI Director Comey has violated the law by announcing the re-opened investigation into Clinton emails so close to the presidential election. 
Is he right? 
One of the top constitutional law experts in the United States (and a liberal), Professor Jonathan Turley, says no : 
[Reid's] allegation is in my view wildly misplaced. Reid is arguing that the actions of FBI Director James B. Comey violates the Hatch Act . I cannot see a plausible, let alone compelling, basis for such a charge against Comey. 
In his letter to Comey, Reid raised the the Hatch Act, which prohibits partisan politicking by government employees. 
5 U.S.C. § 7323(a)(1) prohibits a government employee from 'us[ing] his official authority or influence for the purpose of interfering with or affecting the result of an election.” 
Reid argued: 
'Your actions in recent months have demonstrated a disturbing double standard for the treatment of sensitive information, with what appears to be a clear intent to aid one political party over another. I am writing to inform you that my office has determined that these actions may violate the Hatch Act, which bars FBI officials from using their official authority to influence an election. Through your partisan actions, you may have broken the law.” 
The reference to 'months” is curious. Comey has kept Congress informed in compliance with oversight functions of the congressional committees but has been circumspect in the extent of such disclosures. It is troubling to see Democrats (who historically favor both transparency and checks on executive powers) argue against such disclosure and cooperation with oversight committees. More importantly, the Hatch Act is simply a dog that will not hunt. 
Richard W. Painter, a law professor at the University of Minnesota and the chief ethics lawyer in the George W. Bush White House from 2005 to 2007, has filed a Hatch Act complaint against Comey with the federal Office of Special Counsel and Office of Government Ethics. He argues that 'We cannot allow F.B.I. or Justice Department officials to unnecessarily publicize pending investigations concerning candidates of either party while an election is underway.” 
However, Comey was between the horns of a dilemma. He could be accused of acts of commission in making the disclosure or omission in withholding the disclosure in an election year. Quite frankly, I found Painter's justification for his filing remarkably speculative. He admits that he has no evidence to suggest that Comey wants to influence the election or favors either candidate . Intent is key under the Hatch investigations. You can disagree with the timing of Comey's disclosure, but that is not a matter for the Hatch Act or even an ethical charge in my view. 
Congress passed the Hatch Act in response to scandals during the 1938 congressional elections and intended the Act to bar federal employees from using '[their] official authority or influence for the purpose of interfering with or affecting the result of an election.” Comey is not doing that in communicating with Congress on a matter of oversight. 
Such violations under the Hatch Act, even if proven, are not criminal matters . The Office of Special Counsel -can investigate such matters and seek discipline — a matter than can ultimately go before the Merit Systems Protection Board. 
CNN confirms : 
violators aren't going to jail: the Hatch Act is not a criminal statute. Instead, it is an administrative constraint on government employees. The law is enforced by a special independent federal agency — the Office of Special Counsel — which is charged with investigating complaint allegations and, where found to be meritorious, either pursuing a settlement with the offending employee or prosecuting their case before the federal agency that oversees internal employment disputes — the Merit Systems Protection Board. And for presidential appointees like Comey, the Office of Special Counsel submits a report of its findings along with the employee's response to the President , who makes a decision on whether discipline is warranted . 
*** 
The Hatch Act provision most commonly invoked in discussions of Comey's letter is 5 U.S.C. § 7323(a)(1), which prohibits a government employee from 'us[ing] his official authority or influence for the purpose of interfering with or affecting the result of an election.” 
The key text is the emphasized phrase — which conditions a violation of the statute on whether the employee's purpose was to interfere with or affect the result of an election. Thus, the Hatch Act does not focus on the effect of the employee's conduct, but the intent. To that end, if Comey did not intend to interfere with or affect the upcoming election through his letter to Congress, then he did not violate the letter of the Hatch Act.

ARTICLE

Posted on October 31, 2016 by Michael Collins FBI Director James Comey. Wikimedia 
FBI Director James Comey's letter to Congress on new evidence in the Clinton email scandal represents interference in the presidential campaign commensurate with his failure to indict candidate Hillary Clinton for crimes greater than those committed by citizens that are now serving time. His actions are a paradigm for the dysfunctional and dangerous state of the political system in the United States. 
UPDATE : Two former Republican Attorneys General harshly criticized FBI Director James Comey for his letter to Congress on the Hillary Clinton email affair. Michael Collins 5:42 EDT Mukasey blasts Comey and attorney general over Clinton email case Louis Nelson 10/31/16 07:16 AM EDT 
Director Comey's letter to Congress of October 28 about 'emails that appear to be pertinent in the [Clinton] investigation” was a deliberate, premeditated action that will harm Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton's chances in the presidential election. His letter may have an even greater impact on Democratic Party down-ballot candidates in Senate and House races and, as a result, influence the post election balance of power in Congress. 
There is no question that Comey knew that his actions would have significant political impact just days before the election. The fact that he defied established procedures of the Justice Department and instructions from superiors shows the intentional nature of his acts. 
Comey's abuse of power and illegal interference in the election is another major marker on the road to the total evisceration of constitutional rights and protection begun in earnest with the Patriot Act of 2001 . His actions should be judged as a blatantly illegal act by one of the nation's most powerful law enforcement officials. It doesn't matter if you support Clinton, Trump, Johnson, or Stein. Allowing the FBI to get away with this outrageous attempt to influence elections kills any hope of finally achieving the goal of an open political process and fair elections. 
Comey's Profound Insincerity 
The Department of Justice has established policies for handling legal matters that may impact an election. Former Attorney's General Janet Reno and Eric Holder outlined policies stating that the Justice Department should avoid prosecutions or other actions close to elections that might influence those elections. Attorney General Loretta Lynch made this point to Comey. Despite reports that FBI 'agents had not been able to review any of the material, because the bureau had not yet gotten a search warrant to read them,” Comey somehow deduced that the emails might be significant. He took the unusual step of informing Congress about the emails he had yet to examine. 
Former Assistant United States Attorney , Nick Ackerman, argued: 
'Director Comey acted totally inappropriately. He had no business writing to Congress about supposed new emails that neither he nor anyone in the FBI has ever reviewed.” 
Does Director Comey think we are idiots? Clearly, he went out of his way to influence the election in a conspicuous fashion. There can be no doubt about this assertion. 
After some significant blowback from former Justice officials, Comey felt compelled to write an explanatory memo to FBI employees. He said: 
'I also think it would be misleading to the American people were we not to supplement the record [of the original email investigation]. At the same time, however, given that we don't know the significance of this newly discovered collection of emails, I don't want to create a misleading impression. In trying to strike that balance, in a brief letter and in the middle of an election season, there is significant risk of being misunderstood, but I wanted you to hear directly from me about it.” James Comey memo to FBI employees, Washington Post, Oct 28, 2016 , 
This passage from his letter is an admission that Comey knew his actions would influence the election. Before 'know[ing] the significance of this newly discovered collection of emails,” he released an update to Congress that could easily be interpreted as an indication that there was a significant development in the Clinton case. Why else would he write the letter? 
Comey told FBI employees, 'I don't want to create a misleading impression.” If Comey wanted to avoid a 'misleading impression,” he might have told the truth if he insisted on writing a memo to Congress. Based on what we know now, he should have said: 
There are some emails on the computer belonging to a close Clinton aid. No one at FBI has seen the emails. We don't' even have a warrant to download them. These emails might or might not be important enough to warrant reopening the investigation. 
The fact that Comey failed to tell the truth about the status of the emails proves his ill intent toward the Clinton campaign. 
Comey's Violation of Law 
The 1939 Hatch Act bars Federal employees from a broad range of political activities. 
Richard Painter, a former lawyer in the Bush White House Counsel's office, filed a formal complaint against FBI Director Comey for violating that act. He argued: 'I believe that the Hatch Act and ethics rules are violated if it is obvious that the official's actions [Comey's] could influence the election, there is not another good reason for taking those actions, and the official is acting under pressure from persons who obviously want to influence the election.” 
Comey's actions will clearly influence the elections. There was no 'good reason” to release the memo on evidence not yet reviewed or analyzed. And, Comey admits that he acted 'under pressure” from critics in Congress, Republicans, who obviously 'want to influence the election.” 
In addition, Painter cited another law on the use of public office for private gain. Painter refers to the following section of the United States Code: 
2635.702 Use of public office for private gain. 
'An employee shall not use his public office for his own private gain, for the endorsement of any product, service or enterprise …” 
Comey's actions have the direct effect of endorsing the Trump campaign 'enterprise.” Trump has insisted again and again that the email case be reopened. Comey reopened it on the flimsiest of grounds. The net effect of his actions props up the Trump campaign just when it looked like the enterprise was finished. 
Comey's Reports to … ? 
Comey's actions serve the Trump campaign and its donors. It wasn't an easy form of service by the FBI Director. Comey had to ignore established policies, common sense, his superior, the Attorney General, and the Hatch Act in order to send his very high impact letter. 
Will it be worth it? 
If Comey acted on his own without any outside inducements or threats, we should all pause and say a short prayer for him. In that scenario, he is an utter fool playing in a league way above his skill set and doing great and memorable damage to the political process. 
But, Comey is no fool. I wrote favorably about his willingness to stand up to the Bush White House in 2007, Comey's Evidence of a Crime . Then, he seemed to have a quality not often seen in government or corporate environments – a willingness to 'stand up to the boss.” That may have been true at the time. Today, however, Comey seems unable to decide who his boss is. He clearly caved in to the administration and the Clinton interests when he failed to indict Hillary Clinton for even a misdemeanor for her many violations of national security policies. Now, he's caving into the interests of the Republicans and the repellant Trump campaign. 
The key question is who got to Comey and how? 
We know that both Clinton and Trump are unfit for the presidency or any other elected or appointed office in the United States. However, we need to know who has the type of power and force to make the FBI Director behave like a fool.

ARTICLE

Posted on October 31, 2016 by DavidSwanson 
Imagine if a local business in your town invented a brand new tool that was intended to have an almost magical effect thousands of miles away. However, where the tool was kept and used locally became an area unsafe for children. Children who got near this tool tended to have increased blood pressure and increased stress hormones, lower reading skills, poorer memories, impaired auditory and speech perception, and impaired academic performance. 
Most of us would find this situation at least a little concerning, unless the new invention was designed to murder lots of people. Then it'd be just fine. 
Now, imagine if this same new tool ruined neighborhoods because people couldn't safely live near it. Imagine if the government had to compensate people but kick them out of living near the location of this tool. Again, I think, we might find that troubling if mass murder were not the mission. 
Imagine also that this tool fairly frequently explodes, emitting highly toxic chemicals, particles, and fibers unsafe to breathe into the air for miles around. Normally, that'd be a problem. But if this tool is needed for killing lots of people, we'll work with its flaws, won't we? 
Now, what if this new gadget was expected to cost at least $1,400,000,000,000 over 50 years? And what if that money had to be taken away from numerous other expenses more beneficial for the economy and the world? What if the $1.4 trillion was drained out of the economy causing a loss of jobs and a radical diminuition of resources for education, healthcare, housing, environmental protection, or humanitarian aid? Wouldn't that be a worry in some cases, I mean in those cases where the ability to kill tons of human beings wasn't at stake? 
What if this product, even when working perfectly, was a leading destroyer of the earth's natural environment? 
What if this high-tech toy wasn't even designed to do what was expected of it and wasn't even able to do what it was designed for? 
Amazingly, even those shortcomings do not matter as long as the intention is massive murder and destruction. Then, all is forgiven. 
The tool I'm describing is called the F-35. At RootsAction.org you can find a new petition launched by locally-minded people acting globally in places where the F-35 is intended to be based. Also at that link you'll find explanations of how the tool I've been decribing is the F-35. 
The petition is directed to the United States Congress and the governments of Australia, Italy, the Netherlands, Norway, Turkey, the United Kingdom, Israel, Japan and South Korea from the world and from the people of Burlington, Vermont, and Fairbanks, Alaska, where the F-35 is to be based. This effort is being initiated by Vermont Stop the F35 Coalition, Save Our Skies Vermont, Western Maine Matters, Alaska Peace Center, University of Alaska Fairbanks Peace Club, North Star Chapter 146 Veterans For Peace, World Beyond War, RootsAction.org, Code Pink, and Ben Cohen. 
The petition reads: 
The F-35 is a weapon of offensive war, serving no defensive purpose. It is planned to cost the U.S. $1.4 trillion over 50 years. Because starvation on earth could be ended for $30 billion and the lack of clean drinking water for $11 billion per year, it is first and foremost through the wasting of resources that this airplane will kill. Military spending, contrary to popular misconception, also hurts the U.S. economy ( see here ) and other economies. The F-35 causes negative health impacts and cognitive impairment in children living near its bases. It renders housing near airports unsuitable for residential use. It has a high crash rate and horrible consequences to those living in the area of its crashes. Its emissions are a major environmental polluter. 
Wars are endangering the United States and other participating nations rather than protecting them. Nonviolent tools of law, diplomacy, aid, crisis prevention, and verifiable nuclear disarmament should be substituted for continuing counterproductive wars. Therefore, we, the undersigned, call for the immediate cancellation of the F-35 program as a whole, and the immediate cancellation of plans to base any such dangerous and noisy jets near populated areas. We oppose replacing the F-35 with any other weapon or basing the F-35 in any other locations. We further demand redirection of the money for the F-35 back into taxpayers' pockets, and into environmental and human needs in the U.S., other F-35 customer nations, and around the world, including to fight climate change, pay off student debt, rebuild crumbling infrastructure, and improve education, healthcare, and housing.

ARTICLE

Posted on October 31, 2016 by Carl Herman 
Guest author Daniel 'No Passport” Bruno reports from Rio de Janeiro and Buenos Aires.* Like Donald J. Trump, Daniel has a birth certificate issued in Manhattan. Daniel is an author, inventor, specialist in 9/11 facts and an editor at www.hpub.org and www.huffingtonpostforum.com, which publish over 1000 censored news articles monthly. Follow https://twitter.com/HuffPoClub for insightful news updates 24/7. 
*Constitutional and Civil Rights attorneys are urged to contact Daniel. Final del formulario 
I pointed out in April, 2016 , that election probabilities favor the Republican candidate not because of his rhetoric, politics or personality, but because his party is not the incumbent this time around. We have a revolving door 'bi-partisan” reality TV show where Democrats and Republicans pretend to be foes. Statistically speaking, it makes no difference what Trump allegedly said about this or that, or how corrupt the blood-soaked Clinton crime family may be. It's the Republican turn through the turnstile this time, in both White House and House of Representatives . 
All the advertising, faux debates, polls, and punditry are for entertainment purposes only. The incumbent Democrat party has at least six keys going against it. For example, the Republicans currently hold the House and the Senate, the incumbent president is not running, there is a third party candidate, and Hillary Clinton is not nearly as charismatic as Obama was. Geopolitically, my conjecture is that Russia is temporarily avoiding further bombardment of Allepo to deprive the NeoCons of an opportunity to add a key in the Democrats favor. No October surprise to make the incumbent party a war hero. Smart man, that Vladimir Vladimirovich. 
American election outcomes don't turn on real issues, party loyalty, or any of the things the mass media distract the public with because not only is the United States not a democracy, it also has a ruling elite whose loyalty is split with a foreign country. 
Regardless of who wins, the NeoCons will continue to own our State Department, and with it our foreign policy, our Army, our Air Force, our Marines and our Navy. The 'Federal” Reserve (a privately owned cartel with computer screen reserves) will continue to be run by a very tightly-knit group of special people who openly practice affirmative-action for their group. They are above any law and do not answer to the President or Congress. Wikileaks 
The Wikileaks Podesta cache reveals how utterly clueless some of the most powerful Americans really are . 
Hillary Clinton's use of an unencrypted, private server in her bathroom, connected to her Blackberry after the NSA forbade her to do so, reveals an astonishing lack of sophistication and remarkable hubris for someone who has held top secret clearance for decades. Clearly, she is clueless about how email and wireless communication work, and values her personal convenience over 'national security,” that fetish the NeoCons use to commit crimes worldwide. To deflect attention, Clinton revives Russophobia and Biden threatens Russia with cyber attacks. 
But Clinton is not alone in her cluelessness. The man who allegedly presides over America's 17 intelligence agencies, the same agencies spying on 300 million Americans 24/7 in the name of national security, sent and received emails to that server in the bathroom. He knew what he was doing because the emails were addressed to a Clinton.com domain, not a state.gov domain. When asked about this, Mr. Obama said he found out about the private server along with the general public when it was reported in the newspapers, which is obviously not true. That wily Barack Hussein probably knew Hillary was hanging herself, and let her do it anyway. Serves her right after she unleashed the 'birther” controversy in 2008. Mussolini Reborn: My Message to Strongman President Trump 
Congratulations. 
America will not be great again when Spanish speakers are held in contempt, and no one is available to keep up your hotels. 
America will not be great again when yet another black person has his life ruined by those who swore a solemn oath to protect it. 
America will not be great again when more death and destruction are unleashed upon yet another Muslim nation that never raised a hand against the United States. 
America will be great again when the European-American, NeoCon intellectual authors of the 9/11 attacks are tried in a court of law, found guilty, and receive the sentence of their jury of real Americans. 
God bless America. ← Constitutional Law Expert: Comey Did NOT Violate Law By Announcing Email Investigation joe 
'America will not be great again when Spanish speakers are held in contempt, and no one is available to keep up your hotels.” 
Distorted truth.Mr Trump spoke about the illegal criminals… Not until long ago there was a handful of American patriots being imprisoned on bogus charges ,though tried by their peers and set free they are still in custody. … Totally agreed with all the other points… 
Trump 2016! jhnjul 
This is no typical swing. It has broken from its normally controlled path of swing. Coming back around for a flank shot. Donate

ARTICLE

https://soundcloud.com/davidcnswanson/talk-nation-radio-james-marc-leas-on-canceling-the-f-35 
James Marc Leas is a founding member of the Stop the F-35 Coalition in Burlington Vermont. He has published some two dozen articles on the F-35 and F-35 basing. To highlight the F-35 issue statewide, he ran for the office of Vermont Adjutant General, the leader of the Vermont National Guard, in 2013, which is elected by the legislature. 
Before becoming a patent attorney James was an engineer at IBM, and he holds over 40 patents for his inventions. While an IBM employee he led a vigorous campaign among employees to end IBM sales to South Africa. He also served as a staff physicist for the Union of Concerned Scientists in its Washington, DC office for a year in the aftermath of the accident at the Three Mile Island nuclear plant. He is a graduate of MIT and completed all but the dissertation toward a PhD in physics from the University of Massachusetts. He is a member of the Vermont Bar Association, the American Bar Association, and the National Lawyers Guild. 
Sign the petition to cancel the F-35:

ARTICLE

Two Systems of Justice In America: One for the Ultra-Wealthy … Another For Everyone Else 
Billionaire Peter Thiel said yesterday: 
If you're a single-digit millionaire … you have no effective access to our legal system. 
Thiel is saying even plain vanilla millionaires can't afford justice in America. 
Fordham Law School professor and criminal justice expert John Pfaff notes that – using 2007 numbers – many states' entire budgets for legal defense for people who can't afford a lawyer is in the single-digit millions: 1. As of 2007, four states' ENTIRE INDIGENT DEFENSE BUDGET were 'single-digit millionaires.” 
Maine: $9.6M

ARTICLE

Posted on November 1, 2016 by Carl Herman 
'Let us therefore animate and encourage each other, and show the whole world that a Freeman, contending for liberty on his own ground, is superior to any slavish mercenary on earth.” ~ George Washington, General Orders, Headquarters, New York (2 July 1776) 
language warning: we speak in the direct language of rebels who would have hanged for treason against God and King in the days of our Founders. 
Setting: Boston's Green Dragon Tavern dining room at the far corner booth, 5PM a few days before the 2016 so-called 'election,” having beer flights and lobster rolls with George Washington, Thomas Jefferson, and John Adams. They appear age 40-50; that is, mature yet vigorous. Their health maladies are corrected: 
George: wearing a grey business suit with the jacket off, white dress shirt with two unbuttoned front buttons, sleeves rolled up two times. His hair is business-short, just longer than military. His troubled teeth are now restored in perfect health. His 6'3” physique is powerfully muscular on a large-boned frame; an athletic man who works out. His demeanor exudes controlled confidence. He sits next to Tom, and on the outside of the booth. 
Tom: wearing jeans, a 1/4 zip forrest green sweater, and tennis shoes. Tom's hair is on the longish side, fading red as is George's. He's almost as tall as George, but of medium frame and easy athleticism and elegance of a cat, with healthy appearance of a man who runs for fitness. Tom is attentive, not assertive, at times lounging in the corner of the booth. Tom and George's accents are not Southern by today's standards; with only a hint of how those dialects would develop. 
John: At 5'6” and unathletically portly, he wears dark navy dress slacks, a blue dress shirt with only one unbuttoned button, and sleeves buttoned. His hair is between the lengths of George and Tom, and balding. John is talkative, creatively intelligent, energetic, and at ease in a role of facilitator of our discussion. John's accent is Bostonian. 
** 
A few minutes early, I walk toward the entrance spotting Jefferson examining a flower box next to the door. His elegant fingers gently lift the leaves to his gaze. I approach behind him, and hug his upper arms. 
Carl: (warm smile) Bro. 
Tom: (smooth and calm pivot to bro-hug) Carl. (looking back to the flowers) These annuals have about a month left until the first freeze kills them. Perhaps their seed will bloom into the brighter Spring we're all working for. (half-smile, and placing a hand on my shoulder as we walk into the tavern) 
Washington sees us enter, and stands. Adams is preoccupied with a waiter to position three plates of lobster rolls and two orders each of beer flights. 
George: Gentlemen. 
John: (turning with a broad smile) Ah! Thomas! Carl! Thank you for coming, thank you! (bro hugs) 
Carl: Thank you ; all of you. Sir. (extending a hand to Washington, whose powerful hand engulfs it) 
John: Please, friends, enjoy! (raising the first glass in the beer flight) To liberty. (all: 'To liberty”) 
So, please, everyone let's enjoy some conversation and sustenance! Let us speak as patriots and friends! (we all take note with appreciation of Adams' energy and intentionality as our facilitator) 
Tom: Carl, in combination with our previous conversation on July 4th , we thought it helpful to speak with interested readers before the so-called US 'election” for a so-called 'president” as the leader of so-called 'public information” under limited government of a constitutional republic. 
Carl: Good call. Who's up first? (raising my glass with my left hand to hide my right pointing to Adams sitting on my left) 
John: (face already reddening, jumping at the opening) 'So-called election,” exactly! Don't ever call that a fucking 'election” when there's nothing for the people to count! Those electronic voting machines are proven as election fraud tools of the elite! Carl, when you recount our conversation, put right fucking here the evidence! 
(the three of us observing, again, appreciate Adams' straight-forward and to-the-point passion) 
Carl: Will do, bro. 
John: Fucking elite 'our blood is superior” assholes! Fuck them and put them in fucking prison! 
Tom: (amused smile) Please, John. Don't hold back. 
John: I'm sorry, but what else can one say who isn't a .01% ass-kisser? Fooling the people every election with false promises is one thing, but then taking those elections away altogether is just fucked-up. 
George: Agreed. Prison is the only place for such criminals. 
Carl: Here, bros; this two minute video will help: 
Tom: (in careful study) These videos are truly more powerful than just the pen. 
John: Thank you, Carl. I know you'll present the evidence effectively. God Bless us all, I just don't know what else to do other than speak the truth! 
(the evidence John requested) : 
When Americans are told an election is defined by touching a computer screen without a countable receipt that can be verified, they are being told a criminal lie to allow election fraud . This is self-evident, but Princeton , Stanford , and the President of the American Statistical Association are among the leaders pointing to the obvious (and here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here ). Again, no professional would/can argue an election is legitimate when there is nothing for anyone to count. 
George: Thank you, John. Thomas? 
Tom: Yes, General. Americans embrace the ideals of the Declaration of Independence as who they are (lightly taps the table with his fist). This Brother and Sisterhood bound in Love resonates with all Americans not ensnared by the elite. 
This bond of love and equality demands truthful public information. 
What Americans receive instead is 'official” and corporate media lies of omission and commission to herd the people as work animals. 
It is the most vile and base disinformation that, Carl, your modern times most accurately assert as bullshit . Six corporations have been bought and owned for relentless lies to thinly veil a rogue state oligarchy. Without this constant 'covering” of crimes centered in money and war, Americans would end these crimes. 
As we discussed , I wrote a pamphlet of the people's rights contrasted with the tyrannical treatment we received from our own government. Tom Paine's Common Sense was discussed in every tavern of America. There are so many powerful journalists pointing to the facts today in 2016; an Emperor's New Clothes moment will come when people and God align for the bright light of truth to reveal all. 
John: (smiling) That's why we had him write the Declaration of Independence. We thought Franklin could also do it, but he'd throw in too many jokes. 
George: (a half-laugh, but not prone to much more, then gravitas) I shall conclude. 
Without military support, Americans are lost. From strategic necessity, I will say nothing of those evolving events. I can say this: outside of divine intervention, ordinary Americans must build a demand to arrest .01% criminal leaders for treason , Wars of Aggression , Crimes Against Humanity , destruction of the Bill of Rights , looting led by central banking , political assassinations that include President Kennedy and Martin King , and official lying with complicit media . 
These crimes are the opposite of the Declaration of Independence and US Constitution. 
The US has devolved into a viciously rogue state . 
There exists no argument against those facts except from the treasonous who only have bullshit in place of reason . As God watches over us, that truth will be made clear. (controlled passion in voice and eyes, with clenched fist tapped and held on our table) 
When demand grows strong, patriots within military and government will act, and obviously within the law. They will honor their Oaths to defend humanity from a criminal elite who annually kill millions, harm billions, and loot trillions. 
John: (raising his last glass) Here, here! 
Carl: (addressing Washington) Sir, you'll appreciate these two minutes from Martin King : 
George: Silence in the face of these tyrants' crimes is betrayal to God and nation, yes. 
Tom: Perhaps we should remind readers how the oligarchs 'pay” their minions, Carl. As I struggled to understand and express in my day , the fundamental economic crime is how our oligarchs create what is used as money: debt owed to them . 
Carl, among many in alternative media, you document $1,000,000 per US household in withheld benefits (and here ) of an honest monetary system, with the .01% parasite-class hoarding about $30 trillion in off-shore tax-havens . 
Americans, and humanity, are being used as propagandized work animals. 
John: They certainly fucking are! As you two (gesturing to Tom and me, spilling a little beer) help us understand, $30 trillion is thirty times what's needed to end global poverty and save a million children's lives every month! Americans must demand arrests of these demons who laugh as children die ! 
Tom: Yes. As you document , Carl, the total deaths from preventable poverty in just the last 20 years is more than from all wars and violence of any kind in all recorded human history . The .01% tyrant class, so-called 'leaders” of so-called 'former” colonial powers have promised the end of poverty with just 0.7% of GNI since 1969, but prefer ongoing looting. They use those subjects as work animals, hoping they'll feel 'lucky” to have a job for the empire rather than slow, painful death from poverty. 
Ending poverty decreases population growth rates in every historical case. The CIA reports that ending poverty is the best way to end terrorism. And the total investment over ten years for world peace and civilization is just about a trillion dollars: just 1/6th of what the US War Department reported 'losing” in 2016 if we were to pay for it all rather than all developed nations. 
George: There are no US 'Presidents,” only puppets to lie and cover the looting. 
Carl, please show your readers John Perkins ' 2-minutes of context as an illustration of what US Presidents execute: 
John: The US is not just a rogue state , but a looting, lying, psychopathic, assassinating, child-killing, war-mongering, empire-driven, drug-dealing, minion-spawning, election-stealing, environment-and-food-poisoning, criminal pyramid! 
People should 'vote” for Truth about that , not some asshole, murdering, Left or Right arm puppet of the most vicious .01% fucks in all fucking history!! 
What more do the Gods need to make clear that isn't already clear? Fuck!! 
George: (dead-pan) I have nothing to amend John's summary. 
Tom: (nodding to John) And he's the milder cousin compared to Sam. 
Carl: (raising the last of my glasses) Well, gentlemen: to the breakthrough for a brighter future. 
(all raise their glasses to that!) 
Tom: And Carl, you'll conclude your documentation of our meeting with the argument for .01% arrests for consideration of our American Brethren? 
Carl: Of course. The Crimes The US is a literal rogue state empire led by neocolonial looting liars. The history is uncontested and taught to anyone taking comprehensive courses. If anyone has any refutations of this professional academic factual claim for any of this easy-to-read and documented content , please provide it. US ongoing lie-started and Orwellian-illegal Wars of Aggression require all US military and government to refuse all war orders because there are no lawful orders for obviously unlawful wars. Officers are required to arrest those who issue obviously unlawful orders. And again, those of us working for this area of justice are aware of zero attempts to refute this with, 'War law states (a, b, c), so the wars are legal because (d, e, f).” All we receive is easy-to-reveal bullshit . When Americans are told an election is defined by touching a computer screen without a countable receipt that can be verified, they are being told a criminal lie to allow election fraud . This is self-evident, but Princeton , Stanford , and the President of the American Statistical Association are among the leaders pointing to the obvious (and here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here ). Again, no professional would/can argue an election is legitimate when there is nothing for anyone to count. And, duh, corporate media are criminally complicit through constant lies of omission and commission to 'cover” all these crimes. Historic tragic-comic empire is only possible through such straight-face lying, making our Emperor's New Clothes analogy perfectly chosen. The top three benefits each of monetary reform and public banking total ~$1,000,000 for the average American household, and would be received nearly instantly. Please read that twice. Now look to verify for yourself . Demanding arrests as the required and obvious public response rather than ‘voting' for more disaster: 
The categories of crime include: Wars of Aggression (the worst crime a nation can commit). Likely treason for lying to US military, ordering unlawful attack and invasions of foreign lands, and causing thousands of US military deaths. Crimes Against Humanity for ongoing intentional policy of poverty that's killed over 400 million human beings just since 1995 (~75% children; more deaths than from all wars in Earth's recorded history). 
US military, law enforcement, and all with Oaths to support and defend the US Constitution against all enemies, foreign and domestic, face an endgame choice: Demand arrests , with those with lawful authority to enact it. An arrest is the lawful action to stop apparent crimes , with the most serious crimes documented here meaning the most serious need for arrests. Watch the US escalate its rogue state crimes that annually kill millions, harm billions, and loot trillions. 
In just 90 seconds , former US Marine Ken O'Keefe powerfully states how you may choose to voice 'very obvious solutions”: arrest the criminal leaders (video starts at 20:51, then finishes this episode of Cross Talk ): Solutions worth literal tens of trillions to ‘We the People': 
Again: The top three benefits each of monetary reform and public banking total ~$1,000,000 for the average American household, and would be received nearly instantly. Please read that twice. Now look to verify for yourself . We can quantify the end of the lie-started and illegal Wars of Aggression quickly into the trillions, and that said, it's worth a lot more than what we quantify. Truth : a world in which education is expressed in its full potential to only and always begin with good-faith effort for objective, comprehensive, and verifiable data. 
'Interview” series:

ARTICLE

Posted on November 1, 2016 by Charles Hugh Smith 
The parallels between Hillary Clinton and Richard Nixon are not legal–they are political: specifically, how can a leader crippled by scandal and cover-ups govern? 
In even blunter terms: how can a crippled politico deliver the goods to the special interests who bet their cash and political capital on the politico's ability to deliver favors? 
Among the many ghosts of Watergate, one specter especially haunts Hillary: once the special interests and party stalwarts who defended you through every scandal and every cover-up–month after month and year after year, on the promise that you would deliver the goods upon ascending to the presidency–realize you are too damaged to deliver anything of value to anyone, why would they continue supporting you? 
Once a politico has to declare 'I am not a crook” based on legalese rather than a moral foundation, that politico's ability to lead has vanished. Hillary and her supporters rely entirely on legalese parsing of wrong-doing rather than on a self-explanatory, basic moral foundation of right and wrong. 
Declaring 'I am not a crook” because the wrongdoing escapes prosecution is the same as declaring 'I am above the law.” If the foundation of one's ability to lead is a reliance on legal parsing and allies in the Department of Justice squashing investigations while handing out immunity like candy on Halloween, the political capital required to lead no longer exists. 
Ultimately, the President leads by moral suasion. Even the political act of delivering the goods to the special interests that funded your campaign and your wealth must be backed by the moral authority of personal integrity and a morally grounded appeal to the common good. 
A politician who has effectively zero personal integrity is only as viable as his/her ability to deliver favors to the few (i.e. special interests) over the objections of the many. A reliance on cold-blooded horse-trading only works if the leader has enough political capital to arm-twist everyone into granting favors to allies and special interests. 
But this political capital rests on moral suasion and support earned not by issuing promises but by leading the nation through thorny thickets to solutions that work for the many, not just the few. 
Once the ability to lead has been lost, special interests can forget about getting favors. And once they realize their politico is a liability rather than an asset, self-preservation requires abandoning the liability as quickly as possible. 
It's nothing personal, it's just business. Anyone who thinks Hillary has the personal integrity to build sufficient political capital to lead is delusional. Anyone who believes Hillary has the moral foundation to deliver the goods to the myriad special interests that have funded her campaign and her personal wealth is equally delusional. 
Are Goldman Sachs et al. delusional? If there is any lesson to be learned from the ghosts of Watergate, it is that the big-money support of a leader who has lost the ability to deliver the goods crumbles very quickly as the endgame unfolds.

ARTICLE

Posted on November 1, 2016 by Eric Zuesse. Eric Zuesse On November 1st, The Intercept headlined 'HERE'S THE PROBLEM WITH THE STORY CONNECTING RUSSIA TO DONALD TRUMP'S EMAIL SERVER” , and the reporting team of Sam Biddle, Lee Fang, Micah Lee, and Morgan Marquis-Boire, revealed that: 'Slate's Franklin Foer published a story that's been circulating through the dark web and various newsrooms since summertime, an enormous, eyebrow-raising claim that Donald Trump uses a secret server to communicate with Russia. That claim resulted in an explosive night of Twitter confusion and misinformation. The gist of the Slate article is dramatic — incredible, even: Cybersecurity researchers found that the Trump Organization used a secret box configured to communicate exclusively with Alfa Bank, Russia's largest commercial bank. This is a story that any reporter in our election cycle would drool over, and drool Foer did.” The Intercept team concluded their detailed analysis of the evidence by saying: 'Could it be that Donald Trump used one of his shoddy empire's spam marketing machines, one with his last name built right into the domain name, to secretly collaborate with a Moscow bank? Sure. At this moment, there's literally no way to disprove that. But there's also literally no way to prove it, and such a grand claim carries a high burden of proof. Without more evidence it would be safer (and saner) to assume that this is exactly what it looks like: A company that Trump has used since 2007 to outsource his hotel spam is doing exactly that. Otherwise, we're all making the exact same speculation about the unknown that's caused untold millions of voters to believe Hillary's deleted emails might have contained Benghazi cover-up PDFs. Given equal evidence for both, go with the less wacky story.” However, they failed to dig deeper to explain what could have motivated this smear of Trump: was it just sloppiness on the part of Slate, and of Foer? Hardly — it was anything but unintentional: A core part of the Democratic Party's campaign for Hillary Clinton consists of her claim that Donald Trump is secretly a Russian agent. This is an updated version of the Republican Joseph R. McCarthy's campaign to 'root communists out of the federal government,” and of the John Birch Society's accusation even against the Republican President Dwight Eisenhower that, 'With regard to … Eisenhower, it is difficult to avoid raising the question of deliberate treason.” Neoconservatives — in both Parties — are the heirs of the Republican Party's hard-right, which now, even decades after the 1991 end of communism and the Soviet Union, hate Russia above all of their other passions. Neoconservatism has emerged as today's Republican Party's Establishment, and (like with the Democratic Party's original neocon, U.S. Senator Henry 'Scoop” Jackson, the 'Senator from Boeing”) they've always viewed Russia to be America's chief enemy, and they have favored the overthrow of any nation's leader who is friendly toward Russia, such as Saddam Hussein, Muammar Gaddafi, Viktor Yanukovych, and Bashar al-Assad. Hatred and demonization of Russia is the common core of neoconservatism — the post-Cold-War extension of Joseph R. McCarthy and the John Birch Society. Both Slate and especially Foer have long pedigrees as Democratic Party neoconservatives — champions of U.S. invasions, otherwise called PR agents ('journalists') promoting the products and services that a few giant and exclusive military corporations such as Raytheon, Lockheed Martin, Dyncorp, and the Carlyle Group, offer to the U.S. federal government. I'll deal here only with Foer, not with his latest employer (in a string, all of which are neocon Democratic 'news' media). Foer wrote in The New York Times , on 10 October 2004, against 'isolationist' Republicans, who regretted having supported George W. Bush's invasion of Iraq, and he headlined about them there, 'Once Again, America First” , equating non -neoconservative Republicans with, essentially, the pro-fascist isolationists of the 1930s. He concluded that they would come to regret their regret: 'Conservatives could soon find themselves retracing Buckley's steps, wrestling all over again with their isolationist instincts.” That's how far-right Franklin Foer is: he's to the right of those Republicans. On 7 June 2004, Foer, in a tediously long, badly written and argued, article in New York Magazine , 'The Source of the Trouble” , described the downfall of The New York Times's leading stenographer for George W. Bush's lies to invade Iraq, their reporter Judith Miller. He closed by concluding that 'the source of the trouble” was that Miller was simply too earnest and tried too hard — not that she was a stenographer to power: 'People like Miller, with her outsize journalistic temperament of ambition, obsession, and competitive fervor, relying on people like Ahmad Chalabi, with his smooth, affable exterior retailing false information for his own motives, for the benefit of people reading a newspaper, trying to get at the truth of what's what. ” (She was anything but 'trying to get at the truth of what's what.” She was the opposite: a mere stenographer to George W. Bush and to the Administration's chosen mouthpieces, such as the anti-Saddam exiled Iraqi Ahmad Chalaby.) On 20 December 2004, when the question of whether to bomb Iran was being debated by neoconservatives, Foer, who then was the Editor of the leading Democratic Party neoconservative magazine, The New Republic , headlined in his magazine, 'Identity Crisis: Neocon v. Neocon on Iran” , and he introduced a supposed non-neocon from the supposedly non-neocon Brookings Institution, Kenneth Pollack, to comment upon the conflict among ( the other Party's ) neocons: 'In part, the lack of neocon consensus [on whether to, as John McCain was to so poetically put it, 'Bomb, bomb, bomb Iran' ] can be attributed to the nature of the problem. Nobody — not the Council on Foreign Relations, not John Kerry's brain trust — has designed a plausible policy to walk Iran back from the nuclear brink. Or, as Kenneth M. Pollack concludes in his new book, The Persian Puzzle, this is a 'problem from Hell' with no good solution.” But, actually, both Pollack and Brookings are Democratic Party neocons themselves; and among the leading proponents of invading Iraq had been not only Pollack but Brookings's Michael O'Hanlon . Brookings had no prominent opponent of invading Iraq. (Brookings has a long history of neoconservatism , and routinely leads the Democratic Party's contingent of neocon thinking, even urging a Democratic administration to have its stooge-regimes violate international laws .) The real reason why neocons (being the heirs of the far-right extremists' Cold-War demonization of Russia, even after communism is gone) wanted to conquer both Iraq and Iran, was that both countries' leaders were friendly towards Russia, and were opposed by the Saud family who own Saudi Arabia, which family quietly worked not only with the U.S. government but with Israel's government, against both Iraq and Iran, as well as against Syria — those three nations (Iraq, Iran, and Syria) all being friendly toward Russia, which both the Saudi aristocracy, and not only the U.S. aristocracy, hate. It's not just the conservative 'news' media that are neoconservative now. The so-called 'liberal' media are so neoconservative that, for example, Salon can condemn Donald Trump for his having condemned Hillary and Obama's bombing of Libya. Salon condemned Trump's having said 'We would be so much better off if Qaddafi were in charge right now” — as if Trump weren't correct, and as if what happened after our overthrow and killing of Qaddafi weren't far worse for both Libyans and the world than what now exists in Libya is. (But, of course, for Lockheed Martin etc., it is far better). CBS News and Mother Jones condemned the Trilateralist Joseph Nye for having veered temporarily away from his normal neoconservatism. Then, Nye wrote in the neocon Huffington Post saying that David Corn of Mother Jones and Franklin Foer of The New Republic had misrepresented what he had said, and that he was actually a good neocon after all. Nye closed: 'In any case, I have never supported Gaddafi and am on record wishing him gone, and also on record supporting Obama's actions in recent weeks. We now know that Gaddafi's departure is the only change that will work in Libya.” Sure, it did. Oh, really? It's Trump who is crazy here? More recently, Foer headlined at Slate, 'Putin's Puppet: If the Russian president could design a candidate to undermine American interests — and advance his own — he'd look a lot like Donald Trump.” Foer proceeded to present the view of Trump that subsequently became parroted by the Hillary Clinton campaign (that Trump=traitor). Wikipedia has a 450-person ”List of Republicans opposing Donald Trump presidential campaign, 2016″ , and it's almost entirely comprised of well-known neoconservatives — the farthest-right of all Republicans, the people closest to Joseph R. McCarthy and the John Birch Society. Foer cited many neoconservative sources that are not commonly thought of as Republican, such as Buzzfeed; and he even had the gall to blame the Russian government for having made public its best evidence behind its charge (which was true ) that the overthrow of Ukraine's democratically elected President Viktor Yanukovych in February 2014 was no authentic 'democratic revolution' such as the U.S. government and its 'news' media said, but was instead a very bloody U.S. coup d'etat in Ukraine , which was organized from the U.S. Embassy there, starting by no later than 1 March 2013 , a year beforehand. Foer wrote: 'The Russians have made an art of publicizing the material they have filched to injure their adversaries. The locus classicus of this method was a recording of a blunt call between State Department official Toria [that's actually 'Victoria'] Nuland [a close friend of both Hillary Clinton and Dick Cheney] and the American ambassador to Kiev, Geoffrey Pyatt. The Russians allegedly planted the recording on YouTube and then tweeted a link to it — and from there it became international news. Though they never claimed credit for the leak, few doubted the White House's contention that Russia was the source.” To a neoconservative, even defensive measures (such as Russia's there exposing the lies that America uses to 'justify' economic sanctions and other hostile acts against Russia) — indeed, anything that Russia does against America's aggressions against Russia, and against Russia's allies (such as Saddam Hussein, Muammar Gaddafi, Bashar al-Assad, and Viktor Yanukovych) — anything that Russia does, is somehow evil and blameworthy. And, of course, America's aggressions are not. The U.S. government and its neocon propagandists are outraged that some people are trying to expose — instead of to spread — their lies. The American government isn't yet neocon enough, in the view of such liars.

ARTICLE

Posted on November 1, 2016 by WashingtonsBlog 75% of Americans Believe the Media Is Biased For Hillary 
A Suffolk University/USA Today poll released Friday found that 75.9% of Americans believe the mainstream media 'would like to see [Hillary Clinton] elected president.” 
The poll also found that only 10% of Americans believe that 'foreign interests such as Russian hackers” are 'the primary threat that might try to change the election results”. In contrast, 45.53% believe 'the news media” is the primary threat to the election: 
Indeed, the New York Times , Boston Globe , Los Angeles Times , CNN and other mainstream media admitted to us they were going to try to throw the election for Hillary. (And leaked emails show widespread collusion between the media and the Clinton campaign.)

ARTICLE

Posted on November 2, 2016 by DavidSwanson 
If you're a fan of the Netflix show Black Mirror , go watch the episode called 'Men Against Fire” before reading this. It's the one about war. 
In this 60-minute science fiction show, soldiers have been (somehow) programed so that when they look at certain people they see them as freaky monsters with pointed teeth and bizarre faces. These people look frightening and non-human. They are thought of as objects, not as people at all. In reality they are themselves terrified, unarmed, ordinary looking people. And they have a tool with which to protect themselves, a stick with a green light. It doesn't kill or injure. The stick deprograms a soldier so that when he looks at someone he sees them as they really are without the monstrous distortion. 
Of course a deprogramed soldier is of no use to the military. In 'Men Against Fire” the military offers a deprogramed soldier two choices. He can re-experience on an endless loop a recent reality in which he murdered helpless human beings, but this time experience it while seeing them as human beings instead of as 'roaches” (what the military calls the intended victims made to appear monstrous), or he can be reprogramed and get back to the untroubled work of extermination. 
While this story is more fiction than science, some reality breaks into the Netflix drama. During World War I, we're told accurately, a commander beat troops with a stick to get them to shoot at enemies. Troops we're also routinely drugged for the same purpose. During World War II, we're told, also on the basis of actual studies, only 15% to 20% of U.S. troops fired at opposing troops. In other words, 80% to 85% of the Greatest Heroes of the Greatest War Ever were actually a drain on the killing campaign, whereas the conscientious objector featured in the new Mel Gibson movie or, for that matter, the guy who stayed home and grew vegetables contributed more to the effort. 
Killing and facing killing are extremely difficult. They require the closest human reality to programing. They require conditioning. They require muscle memory. They require thoughtless reflex. The U.S. military had so mastered this programing by the time of the war on Vietnam that as many as 85% of troops actually fired at enemies — though some of them also fired at their own commanders. The real trouble came when they didn't remember these acts of murder as the extermination of 'roaches” but as the reality of what they were. And veterans remembered their acts of murder on an endless loop with no option to be re-programed out of it. And they killed themselves in greater numbers than the Vietnamese had killed them. 
The U.S. military has advanced not an inch in the matter of reconciling its killers to what they have done. Here's an account just published of what that means for veterans and those they know and love. You can easily find another such account every day online. The top killer of members of the U.S. military is suicide. The top killer of the people who live in 'liberated” nations during their liberations is members of the U.S. military. This is not coincidental. Veterans suffer from post-traumatic stress disorder (only a disorder from the perspective of those who'd like to suppress healthy inhibitions), moral injury (what a veteran friend calls 'a fancy word for guilt and regret”), and neurocognitive disorder/brain injury. Often the same individual suffers all three of these types of harm, and often they are hard to distinguish from each other or to fully diagnose prior to autopsy. But the one that eats your soul, the one solved only by science fiction, is moral injury. 
Of course science fiction only works when it overlaps with nonfiction. U.S. troops conditioned to kick in doors in Iraq or Syria and view every person inside as a non-human threat don't use the term 'roaches,” preferring 'hadjis” or 'camel jockeys” or 'terrorists” or 'combatants” or 'military aged males” or 'Muslims.” Removing the killers physically to a drone piloting booth can create psychic 'distance” aided by reference to victims as 'bugsplat” and other terms in the same vein as 'roaches.” But this approach to producing conscience-free killers has been a spectacular failure. Watch the real suffering of the real drone killers in the current movie National Bird . There's no fiction there, but the very same horror of the roach-killing soldier re-experiencing what he's done. 
Such failures and shortcomings for the military are never complete failures of course. Many kill, and kill ever more willingly. What becomes of them afterward is not the military's problem. It couldn't possibly care less. So, awareness of what becomes of those who kill won't stop the killing. What we need is the real life equivalent of a little stick with a green light on it, a magic tool for deprograming members of every military on earth, every potential recruit, every investor in weapons dealing, every profiteer, every willing tax payer, every apathetic observer, every heartless politician, every thoughtless propagandist. What can we use? 
I think the closest equivalents to the stick with the green light are passports and telephones. Give every American a passport automatically and free. Make the right to travel inviolable, including for felons. Make the duty to travel and to speak multiple languages part of every education. And give every family in every nation on the Pentagon's potential enemies list a phone with a camera and internet access. Ask them to tell us their stories, including the stories of their encounters with the rarest of species: the newly appearing Unarmed American. This entry was posted in General . Bookmark the permalink .

ARTICLE

Here's how against the Republican Establishment Trump is: → Gary Youree 
It is very clear to me that Sanders was replaced with Trump by the corporate media. I dont know what no one else can see this. We know who rigged this election, from primary to the predictable nomination, and then the turn on Trump, the pawn, in the general election. I just watched, and tried to share on social media the truth about what had happened, but everyone was lining up with the staus quo account of what was happening – Trump was an out of control idiot, well duh, but yes, be angry at Trump – but be truly angry about those who made him the only choice against Hillary. It is about the corruption and propaganda in the corporate media, the unwillingness to the public media, and the entertainment media to discuss the elephant in the room – and I sure dont mean the republican elephant – I am talking about the unmentionable oligarchy that is the root of everything that we, the people, find deplorable in our government. If you use only television to try and understand our world you will be lost in a matrix (urban dictionary) of misdirections, propaganda, and cheerleading for the direction they want us to think. I dont even know why they bother. Information like that which came from WiliLeaks is the last vestige, unless you are a fly on the wall, that will even get you close to being able to form an opinion from unbiased material. Other than that information it takes a talent to read between the lines, collect from what is omitted, a see just how far the public news media is willing to push the envelope. Beyond that you have to look at what is being censured by all forms of media; the A&E 9-11 Truth Movement, and from beyond the border, the works of Professor John McMurtry. I am beginning to see among those who have the intellect to see this massive misdirection, the obvious rigging of our 2016 election, the impending end out our species due to the dominate economic system; an unwillingness to do the work to deconstruct the truth. The best of us are giving up and would rather remain in denial of what is happening. When I have gone to the effort to try and explain on social media how all this created misdirection of anger towards Trump, who is an idiot, should actually be against the corporate media and the powers who control them. The destroyed our chance to elect a qualified actual anti status quo candidate by blacking out the coverage of Bernie Sanders while at the same time giving Trump, and unqualified idiot, unprecedented, unquestioned, airtime. This in effect replaced Sanders with Trump. To me it was so obvious. I knew and posted that the corporate media, after the nomination, would eviscerate Trump, using information they already had in the hole to counter what ever October surprise would be coming out against Hillary. Hillary needed to be pitted against an idiot pawn, like the predictable Trump, to ensure a win of another insider in the executive branch. I have watch as the Bill Mahers and the Michael Moores have become part of the subset of the 1%, who have crossed that line into the area of comfortability and security, which they are unwilling to sacrifice, this becoming part of those who are unwilling to truly push the envelope into any are resembling the truth of what is truly happening. Mahers and Moore have become part of the establishment propaganda machine. The same is happening of non profit news media, like DemocracyNow. While not so much helping the establishment push their agenda they have either been corrupted by the corporate powers, as with NPR and the Guardian, or they do not have the financial stability to risk telling us the full truth. Only as individuals in such online rags as the Washington Blog, and what pitifully little someone like me can contribute, do we see what a few of us are still willing to say what we think. There are many more I am afraid who are unorganized, in denial, or have just given up. The hopefulness of the Internet to keep the avenues of truth open, through the works of WikiLeaks and the social philosophers beyond the border, like Prof. John McMurtry, are we catching the last glimpse of the light of truth. The NSA is quickly surpassing this last exposure to the light. From the dark, the perception of light becomes brighter as the door dividing them begins to close. If the search for truth is difficult, the telling of truth, a crime, and the speaking of truth an insurrection, then we are correct in our assertion that a new truth is needed – or an old truth rediscovered. To find and reopen this door, to let back in the light, will be far more difficult once the darkness prevails. Lynn Walker 
Politics, as we knew it, is certainly dead, but politics has always been the realm of scumbags, so any pretention that what we knew was good is a fantasy of fools. Politics has always been the realm of the cheaters and the cheated and if you're not a politician or his biggest sponsor, you're cheated. Donate

ARTICLE

Posted on November 2, 2016 by WashingtonsBlog 
By Robert Parry, the investigative reporter who many of the Iran-Contra stories for The Associated Press and Newsweek in the 1980s. Originally published at Parry's Consortium News (republished with permission). 
If Ukraine becomes a flashpoint for World War III with Russia, the American people might rue the day that their government pressed for the 2014 overthrow of Ukraine's allegedly corrupt (though elected) president in favor of a coup regime led by Ukrainian lawmakers who now report amassing, on average, more than $1 million each, much of it as cash. 
The New York Times, which served as virtually a press agent for the coup in February 2014, took note of this apparent corruption among the U.S.-favored post-coup officials, albeit deep inside a story that itself was deep inside the newspaper (page A8). The lead angle was a bemused observation that Ukraine's officialdom lacked faith in the country's own banks (thus explaining why so much cash). Ukraine's anti-Russian President Petro Poroshenko speaking to the Atlantic Council in 2014. (Photo credit: Atlantic Council) 
Yet, Ukraine is a country beset by widespread poverty, made worse by the post-coup neoliberal 'reforms” slashing pensions, making old people work longer and reducing heating subsidies for common citizens. The average Ukrainian salary is only $214 a month. 
So, an inquiring mind might wonder how – in the face of all that hardship – the post-coup officials did so well for themselves, but Times' correspondent Andrew E. Kramer treads lightly on the possibility that these officials were at least as corrupt, if not more so, than the elected government that the U.S. helped overthrow. Elected President Viktor Yanukovych had been excoriated for a lavish lifestyle because he had a sauna in his residence. 
Kramer's article on Wednesday tried to explain the bundles of cash as a sign that 'many of the lawmakers and officials responsible for inspiring public trust in Ukraine's economic and banking institutions have little faith that their own wealth would be safe in the country's banks, according to recently mandated financial disclosures. … 
'Prime Minister Volodymyr Groysman, for example, declared over one million dollars in savings in cash — $870,000 and 460,000 euros — apparently shunning Ukraine's ever-wobbly banking system. The top official in charge of the country's banks, Valeriya Gontareva, who is responsible for stabilizing the national currency, the hryvnia, maintains most of her money in American dollars — $1.8 million. 
'A tally of the declarations filed by most of Parliament's 450 members compiled by one analyst, Andriy Gerus, found that the lawmakers collectively held $482 million in 'monetary assets,' of which $36 million was kept as cold, hard cash. … 
'Some politicians seem to have approached the declaration as a sort of amnesty, revealing everything they have earned from decades of crooked dealings, in an effort to come clean. … One minister reported a wine collection with bottles worth thousands of dollars each. Another official declared ownership of a church. Yet another claimed a ticket to outer space with Virgin Galactic. … 
'Another theory making the rounds in Kiev — where people generally acknowledge the inventive, venal genius of their politicians — suggests that the public servants are padding their declarations,” so they can hide future bribes within their reported cash holdings and thus offer plausible excuses for luxury cars and expensive jewelry. 
Accessing More Money 
Ironically, passage of the law requiring the disclosures of what appears to be widespread corruption among Kiev's officials unlocked millions of euros in new aid money from the European Union that then flowed to the same apparently corrupt officials. Ousted Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych. 
However, because the Ukraine 'regime change” in 2014 was partly orchestrated by U.S. and E.U. officials around the propaganda theme that elected President Yanukovych was corrupt – he had that sauna, after all – the continued corruption in the post-coup regime has been a rarely acknowledged, inconvenient truth. Indeed, some business people operating in Ukraine have complained that the corruption has grown worse since Yanukovych was overthrown. 
Yet, only occasionally has that reality been allowed to peek through in the mainstream U.S. media, which prefers to deny that any 'coup” occurred, to blame Russia for all of Ukraine's problems, and to praise the post-coup 'reforms” which targeted pensions, heating subsidies and other social programs for average citizens. 
One of the rare deviations from the happy talk appeared in The Wall Street Journal on Jan. 1, 2016, observing that 'most Ukrainians say the revolution's promise to replace rule by thieves with the rule of law has fallen short and the government acknowledges that there is still much to be done.” 
Actually, the numbers suggested something even worse. More and more Ukrainians rated corruption as a major problem facing the nation, including a majority of 53 percent in September 2015, up from 28 percent in September 2014, according to polls by International Foundation for Electoral Systems. 
So, as the hard lives of most Ukrainians got harder, the elites continued to skim off whatever cream was left, including access to billions of dollars in the West's foreign assistance that has kept the economy afloat. 
There was, for instance, the case of Finance Minister Natalie Jaresko, who was regarded by many pundits as the face of Ukraine's reform before departing last April after losing out in a power struggle. 
Yet, Jaresko was hardly a paragon of reform. Prior to getting instant Ukrainian citizenship and becoming Finance Minister in December 2014, she was a former U.S. diplomat who had been entrusted to run a $150 million U.S.-taxpayer-funded program to help jump-start an investment economy in Ukraine and Moldova. 
Jaresko's compensation was capped at $150,000 a year, a salary that many Americans – let alone Ukrainians – would envy, but it was not enough for her. So, she engaged in a variety of maneuvers to evade the cap and enrich herself by claiming millions of dollars in bonuses and fees. 
Ultimately, Jaresko was collecting more than $2 million a year after she shifted management of the Western NIS Enterprise Fund (WNISEF) to her own private company, Horizon Capital, and arranged to get lucrative bonuses when selling off investments, even as the overall WNISEF fund was losing money, according to official records. Ukraine's former Finance Minister Natalie Jaresko. 
For instance, Jaresko collected $1.77 million in bonuses in 2013, according to a WNISEF filing with the Internal Revenue Service. In her financial disclosure forms with the Ukrainian government, she reported earning $2.66 million in 2013 and $2.05 million in 2014, thus amassing a sizeable personal fortune while investing U.S. taxpayers' money supposedly to benefit the Ukrainian people. 
It didn't matter that WNISEF continued to hemorrhage money, shrinking from its original $150 million to $89.8 million in the 2013 tax year, according to the IRS filing. WNISEF reported that the bonuses to Jaresko and other corporate officers were based on 'successful” exits from some investments even if the overall fund was losing money. 
Though Jaresko's enrichment schemes were documented by IRS and other official filings, the mainstream U.S. media turned a blind eye to this history, all the better to pretend that Ukraine's 'reform” process was in good hands. [See Consortiumnews.com's ' How Ukraine's Finance Minister Got Rich .”] 
Biden's Appeal 
Worried about the continued corruption, Vice President Joe Biden, who took a personal interest in Ukraine, lectured Ukraine's parliament on the need to end cronyism. 
But Biden had his own Ukraine cronyism problem because three months after the U.S.-backed overthrow of the Yanukovych government Ukraine's largest private gas firm, Burisma Holdings, appointed his son, Hunter Biden, to its board of directors. Vice President Joe Biden. 
Burisma a shadowy Cyprus-based company also lined up well-connected lobbyists, some with ties to Secretary of State John Kerry, including Kerry's former Senate chief of staff David Leiter, according to lobbying disclosures. 
As Time magazine reported , 'Leiter's involvement in the firm rounds out a power-packed team of politically-connected Americans that also includes a second new board member, Devon Archer, a Democratic bundler and former adviser to John Kerry's 2004 presidential campaign. Both Archer and Hunter Biden have worked as business partners with Kerry's son-in-law, Christopher Heinz, the founding partner of Rosemont Capital, a private-equity company.” 
According to investigative journalism inside Ukraine, the ownership of Burisma has been traced to Privat Bank, controlled by the thuggish billionaire oligarch Ihor Kolomoysky, who was appointed by the U.S.-backed 'reform” regime to be governor of Dnipropetrovsk Oblast, a south-central province of Ukraine (though Kolomoisky was eventually ousted from that post in a power struggle over control of UkrTransNafta, Ukraine's state-owned oil pipeline operator). 
In a speech to Ukraine's parliament in December 2015 , Biden hailed the sacrifice of the 100 or so protesters who died during the Maidan putsch in February 2014, which ousted Yanukovych, referring to the dead by their laudatory name 'The Heavenly Hundred.” 
But Biden made no heavenly references to the estimated 10,000 people, mostly ethnic Russians, who have been slaughtered in the U.S.-encouraged 'Anti-Terror Operation” waged by the coup regime against eastern Ukrainians who resisted Yanukovych's violent ouster. Nor did Biden take note that some of the Heavenly Hundred were street fighters for neo-Nazi and other far-right nationalist organizations. 
But after making his sugary references to The Heavenly Hundred, Biden delivered his bitter medicine, an appeal for the parliament to continue implementing International Monetary Fund 'reforms,” including demands that old people work longer into their old age. 
Biden said, 'For Ukraine to continue to make progress and to keep the support of the international community you have to do more, as well. The big part of moving forward with your IMF program — it requires difficult reforms. And they are difficult. 
'Let me say parenthetically here, all the experts from our State Department and all the think tanks, and they come and tell you, that you know what you should do is you should deal with pensions. You should deal with — as if it's easy to do. Hell, we're having trouble in America dealing with it. We're having trouble. To vote to raise the pension age is to write your political obituary in many places. 
'Don't misunderstand that those of us who serve in other democratic institutions don't understand how hard the conditions are, how difficult it is to cast some of the votes to meet the obligations committed to under the IMF. It requires sacrifices that might not be politically expedient or popular. But they're critical to putting Ukraine on the path to a future that is economically secure. And I urge you to stay the course as hard as it is. Ukraine needs a budget that's consistent with your IMF commitments.” 
However, as tough as it might have been for Ukraine's parliament to slash pensions, reduce heating subsidies and force the elderly to work longer, that political sacrifice did not appear to extend to the officials making financial sacrifices themselves.

ARTICLE

By John Whitehead, the Rutherford Institute . 
'The people have the power, all we have to do is awaken that power in the people. The people are unaware. They're not educated to realize that they have power. The system is so geared that everyone believes the government will fix everything. We are the government .”—John Lennon 
How do you balance the scales of justice at a time when Americans are being tasered, tear-gassed, pepper-sprayed, hit with batons, shot with rubber bullets and real bullets, blasted with sound cannons, detained in cages and kennels , sicced by police dogs, arrested and jailed for challenging the government's excesses, abuses and power-grabs? 
Politics won't fix a system that is broken beyond repair. 
No matter who sits in the White House, the shadow government will continue to call the shots behind the scenes. 
Relying on the courts to restore justice seems futile. 
Indeed, with every ruling handed down, it becomes more apparent that we live in an age of hollow justice, with government courts, largely lacking in vision and scope, rendering narrow rulings focused on the letter of the law. This is true at all levels of the judiciary, but especially so in the highest court of the land, the U.S. Supreme Court, which is seemingly more concerned with establishing order and protecting government agents than with upholding the rights enshrined in the Constitution. 
Even so, justice matters. 
It matters whether you're a rancher protesting a federal land-grab by the Bureau of Land Management, a Native American protesting an oil pipeline that will endanger sacred sites and pollute water supplies, or an African-American taking to the streets to protest yet another police shooting of an unarmed citizen. 
Unfortunately, protests and populist movements haven't done much to push back against an authoritarian regime that is deaf to our cries, dumb to our troubles, blind to our needs, and accountable to no one. 
It doesn't matter who the activists are (environmentalists, peaceniks, Native Americans, Black Lives Matter, Occupy, or the Bundys and their followers) or what the source of the discontent is (endless wars abroad, police shootings, contaminated drinking water, government land-grabs), the government's modus operandi has remained the same: shut down the protests using all means available, prosecute First Amendment activities to the fullest extent of the law, and discourage any future civil uprisings by criminalizing expressive activities, labelling dissidents as extremists or terrorists, and conducting widespread surveillance on the general populace in order to put down any whispers of resistance before it can take root. 
Thus, if there is any means left to us for thwarting the government in its relentless march towards outright dictatorship, it may rest with the power of juries and local governments to invalidate governmental laws, tactics and policies that are illegitimate, egregious or blatantly unconstitutional. 
Just recently, in fact, an Oregon jury rejected the government's attempts to prosecute seven activists who staged a six-week, armed takeover of the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge. 
In finding the defendants not guilty—of conspiracy to impede federal officers, of possession of firearms in a federal facility, and of stealing a government-owned truck—the jury sent its own message to the government and those following the case: justice matters. 
The Malheur occupiers were found not guilty despite the fact that they had guns in a federal facility (their lawyers argued the guns were 'as much a statement of their rural culture as a cowboy hat or a pair of jeans”). They were found not guilty despite the fact that they used government vehicles (although they would argue that government property is public property available to all taxpayers). They were found not guilty despite the fact that they succeeded in occupying a government facility for six weeks, thereby preventing workers from performing their duties (as the Washington Post points out, this charge has also been used to prosecute extremist left-wingers and Earth First protesters ). 
Many other equally sincere activists with eloquent lawyers and ardent supporters have gone to jail for lesser offenses than those committed at the Malheur Refuge, so what made the difference here? 
The jury made all the difference. 
These seven Oregon protesters were found not guilty because a jury of their peers recognized the sincerity of their convictions, sympathized with the complaints against an overreaching government, and balanced the scales of justice using the only tools available to them: common sense, compassion and the power of the jury box. 
Jury nullification works. 
As law professor Ilya Somin explains, jury nullification is the practice by which a jury refuses to convict someone accused of a crime if they believe the 'law in question is unjust or the punishment is excessive .” According to former federal prosecutor Paul Butler, the doctrine of jury nullification is 'premised on the idea that ordinary citizens, not government officials, should have the final say as to whether a person should be punished.” 
Imagine that: a world where the citizenry—not the government or its corporate controllers—actually calls the shots and determines what is just. 
In a world of ' rampant overcriminalization ,” where the average citizen unknowingly breaks three laws a day, jury nullification acts as ' a check on runaway authoritarian criminalization and the increasing network of confusing laws that are passed with neither the approval nor oftentimes even the knowledge of the citizenry.” 
Indeed, Butler believes so strongly in the power of nullification to balance the scales between the power of the prosecutor and the power of the people that he advises : 
If you are ever on a jury in a marijuana case, I recommend that you vote 'not guilty” — even if you think the defendant actually smoked pot, or sold it to another consenting adult. As a juror, you have this power under the Bill of Rights ; if you exercise it, you become part of a proud tradition of American jurors who helped make our laws fairer. 
In other words, it's 'we the people” who can and should be determining what laws are just, what activities are criminal and who can be jailed for what crimes. 
Not only should the punishment fit the crime, but the laws of the land should also reflect the concerns of the citizenry as opposed to the profit-driven priorities of Corporate America. 
This is where the power of jury nullification is so critical: to reject inane laws and extreme sentences and counteract the edicts of a profit-driven governmental elite that sees nothing wrong with jailing someone for a lifetime for a relatively insignificant crime. 
Of course, the powers-that-be don't want the citizenry to know that it has any power at all. 
They would prefer that we remain clueless about the government's many illicit activities, ignorant about our constitutional rights, and powerless to bring about any real change. 
In an age in which government officials accused of wrongdoing—police officers, elected officials, etc.—are treated with general leniency, while the average citizen is prosecuted to the full extent of the law, jury nullification is a powerful reminder that, as the Constitution tells us, 'we the people” are the government. 
For too long we've allowed our so-called 'representatives” to call the shots. Now it's time to restore the citizenry to their rightful place in the republic: as the masters, not the servants. 
Nullification is one way of doing so. 
Various cities and states have been using this historic doctrine with mixed results on issues as wide ranging as gun control and healthcare to ' claim freedom from federal laws they find onerous or wrongheaded .” 
Where nullification can be particularly powerful, however, is in the hands of the juror. 
The reality with which we must contend is that justice in America is reserved for those who can afford to buy their way out of jail. 
For the rest of us who are dependent on the 'fairness” of the system, there exists a multitude of ways in which justice can and does go wrong every day. Police misconduct. Prosecutorial misconduct. Judicial bias. Inadequate defense. Prosecutors who care more about winning a case than seeking justice. Judges who care more about what is legal than what is just. Jurors who know nothing of the law and are left to deliberate in the dark about life-and-death decisions. And an overwhelming body of laws, statutes and ordinances that render the average American a criminal, no matter how law-abiding they might think themselves. 
If you're to have any hope of remaining free—and I use that word loosely—your best bet remains in your fellow citizens. 
Your fellow citizens may not know what the Constitution says (studies have shown Americans to be abysmally ignorant about their rights), they may not know what the laws are (there are so many on the books that the average American breaks three laws a day without knowing it), and they may not even believe in your innocence, but if you're lucky, those who serve on a jury will have a conscience that speaks louder than the legalistic tones of the prosecutors and the judges and reminds them that justice and fairness go hand in hand. 
That's ultimately what jury nullification is all about: restoring a sense of fairness to our system of justice. It's the best protection for 'we the people” against the oppression and tyranny of the government, and God knows, we can use all the protection we can get. It's a powerful way to remind the government—all of those bureaucrats who have appointed themselves judge, jury and jailer over all that we are, have and do—that we're the ones who set the rules. 
We could transform this nation if only Americans would work together to harness the power of their discontent. 
Unfortunately, the government's divide and conquer tactics are working like a charm. 
Despite the laundry list of grievances that should unite 'we the people” in common cause against the government, the nation is more divided than ever by politics, by socio-economics, by race, by religion, and by every other distinction that serves to highlight our differences. 
The real and manufactured events of recent years—the invasive surveillance, the extremism reports, the civil unrest, the protests, the shootings, the bombings, the military exercises and active shooter drills, the color-coded alerts and threat assessments, the fusion centers, the transformation of local police into extensions of the military, the distribution of military equipment and weapons to local police forces, the government databases containing the names of dissidents and potential troublemakers—have all conjoined to create an environment in which 'we the people” are more divided, more distrustful, and fearful of each other. 
What we have failed to realize is that in the eyes of the government, we're all the same. 
In other words, when it's time for the government to crack down—and that time is coming—it won't matter whether we supported Hillary or Trump, whether we stood with the pipeline protesters or opposed BLM, or whether we spoke out against government misconduct and injustice or remained silent. 
When the government cracks down, we'll all suffer. 
Here's the thing: the government wants a civil war. 
The objective: compliance and control. 
Its strategy: destabilize the economy through endless wars, escalate racial tensions, polarize the populace, heighten tensions through a show of force, intensify the use of violence, and then, when all hell breaks loose, clamp down on the nation for the good of the people and the security of the nation. 
The government has been anticipating and preparing for such a civil uprising for some time now. 
Those protests in Ferguson , Baltimore and Baton Rouge to protest police brutality? The militarized police ' clad in Kevlar vests, helmets, and camouflage, armed with pistols, shotguns, automatic rifles, and tear gas ” turning towns into war zones? The kenneling of pipeline protesters in North Dakota? 
Those were just dress rehearsals for the government to work out the kinks in its operating manual on how to deal with civil unrest. 
They were also previews of what's in store if we continue to challenge the powers-that-be. 
After all, it's hard to persuade anyone to stand against tyranny when all you can promise them as a reward is persecution, prosecution and a one-way trip to the morgue. And when the outcome seems to be a foregone conclusion—the government always wins—it can seem pointless, even foolhardy, to dare to challenge the system. 
So how do you not only push back against the police state's bureaucracy, corruption and cruelty but also launch a counterrevolution aimed at reclaiming control over the government using nonviolent means? 
You start by changing the rules and engaging in some (nonviolent) guerilla tactics. 
Employ militant nonviolent resistance and civil disobedience , which Martin Luther King Jr. used to great effect through the use of sit-ins, boycotts and marches. 
Take part in grassroots activism, which takes a trickle-up approach to governmental reform by implementing change at the local level (in other words, think nationally, but act locally). 
And then, as I explain in more detail in my book Battlefield America: The War on the American People , nullify everything. Nullify the court cases. Nullify the laws. Nullify everything the government does that is illegitimate, egregious or blatantly unconstitutional.

ARTICLE

Bill Still's 5-minute report : 
No colleague I know of, nor I, have objectively verifiable factual information on a possible 'white hat” recapture of lawful government. That said, what is easy to document and prove: When Americans are told an election is defined by touching a computer screen without a countable receipt that can be verified, they are being told a criminal lie to allow election fraud . This is self-evident, but Princeton , Stanford , and the President of the American Statistical Association are among the leaders pointing to the obvious (and here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here ). Again, no professional would/can argue an election is legitimate when there is nothing for anyone to count. President Kennedy , Martin King , Robert Kennedy (and here ), and dozens of others were assassinated by the .01% 'Deep State.” The evidence is overwhelming in each case. The US is a literal rogue state empire led by neocolonial looting liars. The history is uncontested and taught to anyone taking comprehensive courses. If anyone has any refutations of this professional academic factual claim for any of this easy-to-read and documented content , please provide it. US ongoing lie-started and Orwellian-illegal Wars of Aggression require all US military and government to refuse all war orders because there are no lawful orders for obviously unlawful wars. Officers are required to arrest those who issue obviously unlawful orders. And again, those of us working for this area of justice are aware of zero attempts to refute this with, 'War law states (a, b, c), so the wars are legal because (d, e, f).” All we receive is easy-to-reveal bullshit . And, duh, corporate media are criminally complicit through constant lies of omission and commission to 'cover” all these crimes. Historic tragic-comic empire is only possible through such straight-face lying, making our Emperor's New Clothes analogy perfectly chosen. The top three benefits each of monetary reform and public banking total ~$1,000,000 for the average American household, and would be received nearly instantly. Please read that twice. Now look to verify for yourself . More on the $2 billion Clinton Foundation giving just 10% of their money to charity. The categories of crime include: Wars of Aggression (the worst crime a nation can commit). Likely treason for lying to US military, ordering unlawful attack and invasions of foreign lands, and causing thousands of US military deaths. Crimes Against Humanity for ongoing intentional policy of poverty that's killed over 400 million human beings just since 1995 (~75% children; more deaths than from all wars in Earth's recorded history). 
US military, law enforcement, and all with Oaths to support and defend the US Constitution against all enemies, foreign and domestic, face an endgame choice: Demand arrests , with those with lawful authority to enact it. An arrest is the lawful action to stop apparent crimes , with the most serious crimes documented here meaning the most serious need for arrests. Watch the US escalate its rogue state crimes that annually kill millions, harm billions, and loot trillions. 
In just 90 seconds , former US Marine Ken O'Keefe powerfully states how you may choose to voice 'very obvious solutions”: arrest the criminal leaders (video starts at 20:51, then finishes this episode of Cross Talk ): Solutions worth literal tens of trillions to 'We the People': 
Again: The top three benefits each of monetary reform and public banking total ~$1,000,000 for the average American household, and would be received nearly instantly. Please read that twice. Now look to verify for yourself . We can quantify the end of the lie-started and illegal Wars of Aggression quickly into the trillions, and that said, it's worth a lot more than what we quantify. Truth : a world in which education is expressed in its full potential to only and always begin with good-faith effort for objective, comprehensive, and verifiable data. 
** 
Note: I make all factual assertions as a National Board Certified Teacher of US Government, Economics, and History, with all economics factual claims receiving zero refutation since I began writing in 2008 among Advanced Placement Macroeconomics teachers on our discussion board , public audiences of these articles , and international conferences (and here ). I invite readers to empower their civic voices with the strongest comprehensive facts most important to building a brighter future. I challenge professionals, academics, and citizens to add their voices for the benefit of all Earth's inhabitants. 
** 
Carl Herman is a National Board Certified Teacher of US Government, Economics, and History; also credentialed in Mathematics. He worked with both US political parties over 18 years and two UN Summits with the citizen's lobby, RESULTS , for US domestic and foreign policy to end poverty. He can be reached at 
Note: Examiner.com has blocked public access to my articles on their site (and from other whistleblowers), so some links in my previous work are blocked. If you'd like to search for those articles other sites may have republished, use words from the article title within the blocked link. Or, go to http://archive.org/web/ , p aste the expired link into the box, click 'Browse history,” then click onto the screenshots of that page for each time it was screen-shot and uploaded to webarchive. I'll update as 'hobby time” allows; including my earliest work from 2009 to 2011 (blocked author pages: here , here ). 
This entry was posted in General . Bookmark the permalink . Not Guilty: The Power of Nullification to Counteract Government Tyranny → MyWikiDisQus 
If Mr.Trump is elected president, he must purge the federal government of the militarists who have usurped the federal republic in the 'soft coup d'etat” that was perpetrated by them on September 11, 2001. He must be aggressive, firm, and not deterred by any rancor that may rise from legal challenges, the corporate media, civil rights groups and foreign State lobbyists who have a vested interest in the neoconservative polity. He must do what Recep Erdogan did in Turkey but on a larger scale, with the panache that only the 'Donald” can pull off, American style. He must charge them all with endangering the national and economic security of the United States. 
He must open a federal investigation of the coverup of the 9/11 commission perpetrated by the Clinton and Bush (Bush 41 and Bush 43) regimes and restore the U.S.Department of Justice's reputation as the standard bearer for equal justice under the rule of law. No person is exempt, not a member of the U.S. Congress former or incumbent, member of the United States Military active or retired, Wall Street financier, corporate CEO including the national media or lobbyists for a foreign State. The pursuit of these persons will be ongoing, thorough, and not be restricted by any statute of limitations. 
All the illegal wars in foreign lands made in the name of the American people will be reconciled by trial and recompense made to the victims from the assets confiscated by all the accused and their conspirators who are found guilty. 
Trump must claim the title of American Paladin, a council member of the new global trust that lays the foundation for peace and well being in the 21st century. Donate

ARTICLE

SGT Report interviews Ole Dammegard over 62 minutes : 
Interview highlights, documentation, context: When Americans are told an election is defined by touching a computer screen without a countable receipt that can be verified, they are being told a criminal lie to allow election fraud . This is self-evident, but Princeton , Stanford , and the President of the American Statistical Association are among the leaders pointing to the obvious (and here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here ). Again, no professional would/can argue an election is legitimate when there is nothing for anyone to count. President Kennedy , Martin King , Robert Kennedy (and here ), and dozens of others were assassinated by the .01% 'Deep State.” The evidence is overwhelming in each case. The US is a literal rogue state empire led by neocolonial looting liars. The history is uncontested and taught to anyone taking comprehensive courses. If anyone has any refutations of this professional academic factual claim for any of this easy-to-read and documented content , please provide it. US ongoing lie-started and Orwellian-illegal Wars of Aggression require all US military and government to refuse all war orders because there are no lawful orders for obviously unlawful wars. Officers are required to arrest those who issue obviously unlawful orders. And again, those of us working for this area of justice are aware of zero attempts to refute this with, 'War law states (a, b, c), so the wars are legal because (d, e, f).” All we receive is easy-to-reveal bullshit . And, duh, corporate media are criminally complicit through constant lies of omission and commission to 'cover” all these crimes. Historic tragic-comic empire is only possible through such straight-face lying, making our Emperor's New Clothes analogy perfectly chosen. Perhaps we're approaching an endgame of the light exposing the .01% criminals. The top three benefits each of monetary reform and public banking total ~$1,000,000 for the average American household, and would be received nearly instantly. Please read that twice. Now look to verify for yourself .
The categories of crime include: Wars of Aggression (the worst crime a nation can commit). Likely treason for lying to US military, ordering unlawful attack and invasions of foreign lands, and causing thousands of US military deaths. Crimes Against Humanity for ongoing intentional policy of poverty that's killed over 400 million human beings just since 1995 (~75% children; more deaths than from all wars in Earth's recorded history). 
US military, law enforcement, and all with Oaths to support and defend the US Constitution against all enemies, foreign and domestic, face an endgame choice: Demand arrests , with those with lawful authority to enact it. An arrest is the lawful action to stop apparent crimes , with the most serious crimes documented here meaning the most serious need for arrests. Watch the US escalate its rogue state crimes that annually kill millions, harm billions, and loot trillions. 
In just 90 seconds , former US Marine Ken O'Keefe powerfully states how you may choose to voice 'very obvious solutions”: arrest the criminal leaders (video starts at 20:51, then finishes this episode of Cross Talk ): Solutions worth literal tens of trillions to 'We the People': 
Again: The top three benefits each of monetary reform and public banking total ~$1,000,000 for the average American household, and would be received nearly instantly. Please read that twice. Now look to verify for yourself . We can quantify the end of the lie-started and illegal Wars of Aggression quickly into the trillions, and that said, it's worth a lot more than what we quantify. Truth : a world in which education is expressed in its full potential to only and always begin with good-faith effort for objective, comprehensive, and verifiable data. 
** 
Note: I make all factual assertions as a National Board Certified Teacher of US Government, Economics, and History, with all economics factual claims receiving zero refutation since I began writing in 2008 among Advanced Placement Macroeconomics teachers on our discussion board , public audiences of these articles , and international conferences (and here ). I invite readers to empower their civic voices with the strongest comprehensive facts most important to building a brighter future. I challenge professionals, academics, and citizens to add their voices for the benefit of all Earth's inhabitants. 
** 
Carl Herman is a National Board Certified Teacher of US Government, Economics, and History; also credentialed in Mathematics. He worked with both US political parties over 18 years and two UN Summits with the citizen's lobby, RESULTS , for US domestic and foreign policy to end poverty. He can be reached at 
Note: Examiner.com has blocked public access to my articles on their site (and from other whistleblowers), so some links in my previous work are blocked. If you'd like to search for those articles other sites may have republished, use words from the article title within the blocked link. Or, go to http://archive.org/web/ , p aste the expired link into the box, click 'Browse history,” then click onto the screenshots of that page for each time it was screen-shot and uploaded to webarchive. I'll update as 'hobby time” allows; including my earliest work from 2009 to 2011 (blocked author pages: here , here ). This entry was posted in General . Bookmark the permalink .

ARTICLE

Posted on November 2, 2016 by WashingtonsBlog 
We've repeatedly shown that it's much more likely that American insiders – not Russian hackers – leaked the Clinton emails. 
Today, the NSA executive who created the agency's mass surveillance program for digital information, who served as the senior technical director within the agency, who managed six thousand NSA employees, the 36-year NSA veteran widely regarded as a 'legend” within the agency and the NSA's best-ever analyst and code-breaker, who mapped out the Soviet command-and-control structure before anyone else knew how, and so predicted Soviet invasions before they happened ('in the 1970s, he decrypted the Soviet Union's command system, which provided the US and its allies with real-time surveillance of all Soviet troop movements and Russian atomic weapons”) – told Washington's Blog: 
My vote all along has been on an insider passing all these emails to Wikileaks. 
If it were the Russians, NSA would have a trace route to them and not equivocate on who did it. It's like using 'Trace Route” to map the path of all the packets on the network. In the program Treasuremap NSA has hundreds of trace route programs embedded in switches in Europe and hundreds more around the world. So, this set-up should have detected where the packets went and when they went there. 
Binney has previously explained to us that a Russian hack would have looked very different, and that he thought the hack may have been conducted by an NSA employee who was upset at Clinton's careless handling of America's most sensitive intelligence. 
The former intelligence analyst, British Ambassador to Uzbekistan, and chancellor of the University of Dundee (Craig Murray) – who is close friends with Wikileaks' Julian Assange – said he knows with 100% certainty that the Russians aren't behind the leaks. 
Murray said today: 
'The source of these emails and leaks has nothing to do with Russia at all. I discovered what the source was when I attended [a] whistleblower award in Washington. The source of these emails comes from within official circles in Washington DC. You should look to Washington not to Moscow .” 
Prominent investment advisor and economic forecaster Martin Armstrong writes today: 
All our indications from behind the curtain are suggesting that there are many within the 'intelligence” sector and 'law enforcement” sector who are deeply troubled with the Clintons. They are trying to release documents and info to stop the Clinton Inc. Machine. That's all we can say on this topic right now. Suffice it to say, there is a real internal battle going on in Washington. 
And the Deputy Assistant Secretary of State under numerous administrations – both Democratic and Republican – (Steve Pieczenik ) said recently that a group of officers from various U.S. intelligence and military agencies have staged a 'counter-coup” to save America from corruption, and are the source of the leaked emails: 
Interesting times, indeed …

ARTICLE

Posted on November 2, 2016 by DavidSwanson 
Thirty-seven years ago, the United States Congress commissioned and published a work of fiction, an account of what life in Charlottesville, Virginia, might be like during a nuclear war. It's contained in a longer report called The Effects of Nuclear War which came out in May of 1979. It's widely available online . 
I take an interest for 15 pretty solid reasons: I live in Charlottesville. The world still has enough nuclear weapons with which to destroy itself many times over. We pay a lot less attention to preventing such a disaster now than we did 37 years ago. More nations have nukes now and many more are close to having them. We know more now about the numerous nuclear accidents and misunderstandings that have nearly killed us all over the decades. India and Pakistan are actually at war. The United States and Russia are as close to war as they've been in 98 years. The United States is investing in newer and smaller, 'more usable” nukes. This Congressional best case scenario for a U.S. city during a nuclear war is deeply disturbing. We now know that even a limited nuclear war would produce a nuclear winter , preventing the production of crops depicted in this tale. It's not so clear to me that Charlottesville would still rank last on a list of targets for nuclear missiles. It is, after all, home to the Army JAG school, the National Ground Intelligence Center, various weapon makers, a heavily militarized university, and the CIA's underground hideout . The United Nations has just set up negotiations for the coming year of a global treaty to ban nuclear weapons, and it's worth trying to understand why. If we survive our possession of nuclear knowledge, we still have climate catastrophe to quickly and miraculously evade or prepare for. The Republican candidate for U.S. president. The Democratic candidate for U.S. president. 
So, here are a few excerpts that I encourage you to consider: 
'[This account] presents one among many possibilities, and in particular it does not consider the situation if martial law were imposed or if the social fabric disintegrated into anarchy. . . . 
'Refugees came from Washington, 130 miles to the north, and they came from Richmond, 70 miles to the east. A few of the hardier types continued on into the mountains and caverns near Skyline Drive; the majority sought the reassurances of civilization that the small city could provide. . . . 
'At the sound of the sirens and the emergency radio alerts, most of Charlottesville and Albemarle County hurried to shelter. Fortunately, Charlottesville had a surplus of shelter space for its own population, though the refugees easily took up the slack. Many headed for the University grounds and the basements of the old neoclassical buildings designed by Thomas Jefferson; others headed downtown for the office building parking garages. . . . 
'Most did not see the attacks on Richmond and on Washington as they huddled in their shelters. But the sky to the east and north of Charlottesville glowed brilliant in the noonday sun. At first no one knew how extensive the damage was. . . . 
'The total dose [of radiation] in the first 4 days was 2,000 reins, which killed those who refused to believe shelter was necessary, and increased the risk of eventually dying of cancer for those who were properly sheltered. . . . 
'Three days after the attacks, the next large influx of refugees poured into Charlottesville, many of them suffering with the early symptoms of radiation sickness. . . . 
'After being turned away, the sick had no specific destination. Many still clustered around the middle of town near the two major hospitals, taking up residence in the houses abandoned by local residents several days before. With minimal protection from fallout and no medical treatment for other trauma, many died, their bodies left unburied for several weeks. . . . 
'Unprotected farm animals were dead, while those which had been confined to fairly solid barns with uncontaminated feed had a fair chance of surviving. Many of these farm animals, however, were missing, apparently eaten by hungry refugees and residents. . . . 
'During the third week after the attacks, the new rationing system come into force. Individual identification cards were issued to every man, woman and child. Food was distributed at centralized points. . . . 
'By now, the emergency government recognized that the need for food was going to be acute. Without power for refrigeration, much food had spoiled; stocks of nonperishable foods were mostly exhausted. As the shortages became clear, the price of food skyrocketed. . . . 
'In addition to those with terminal radiation sickness, there were those with nonfatal cases and those who showed some symptoms. Often it was impossible for doctors to quickly identify those with flu or psychosomatic radiation symptoms. The number of patients crowding the emergency rooms did not slacken off. . . . 
'The supply of drugs on hand at the hospitals was dwindling fast. Although penicillin could be manufactured fairly easily in the laboratories at the university, many other drugs were not so simple, even with talent and ingenuity. . . . 
'Food riots broke out 4 1/2 weeks after the attacks — precipitated by the first large shipment of grain. . . . 
'One day, quite without warning, the city manager was informed that one-half of his fuel stores were to be confiscated by the Federal Government, for the military and for the reconstruction effort. . . . 
'In Charlottesville alone, several thousand people died in the first winter after the nuclear attack. . . . 
'It was clear that if the economy did not get moving again soon, it might never. Already there were indications that manufacturing was not reestablishing itself with anywhere near the speed the planners had hoped. . . . 
''We will have survived biologically, but our way of life is going to be unrecognizable. In several generations, the United States is going to resemble a late medieval society.'” This entry was posted in General . Bookmark the permalink . US Insiders – Not Russia – Leaked Clinton Emails → WillDippel 
Here is an article that looks at the Obama Administration's addition to America's nuclear weapon inventory: 
This weapon is an obvious breach of Barack Obama's promise in 2009 to deescalate the global nuclear weapons threat. ClubToTheHead 
With minimal protection … and no medical treatment for other trauma, many died, their bodies left unburied for several weeks. . . . 
Shades of Katrina.

ARTICLE

Charlie Baker, Massachusetts (2015–present)[31] Robert J. Bentley, Alabama (2011–present) (withdrew endorsement)[32] Dennis Daugaard, South Dakota (2011–present) (withdrew endorsement, called on Trump to withdraw his candidacy)[33] Bill Haslam, Tennessee (2011–present)[34] Gary Herbert, Utah (2009–present) (withdrew endorsement)[35] Larry Hogan, Maryland (2015–present)[36][37] Susana Martinez, New Mexico (2011–present); Chair of the Republican Governors Association (2015–present)[38] Brian Sandoval, Nevada (2011–present) (withdrew endorsement)[39] Rick Snyder, Michigan (2011–present)[40] Former Former Massachusetts Governor and 2012 nominee for President Mitt Romney Arne Carlson, Minnesota (1991–99) (endorsed Hillary Clinton)[17] A. Linwood Holton Jr., Virginia (1970–74); Assistant Secretary of State for Legislative Affairs (1974–75) (endorsed Hillary Clinton)[41] Jon Huntsman Jr., Utah (2005–09); United States Ambassador to China (2009–11); United States Ambassador to Singapore (1992–93) (withdrew endorsement)[42] William Milliken, Michigan (1969–83) (endorsed Hillary Clinton)[43] Kay A. Orr, Nebraska (1987–91)[44] Tim Pawlenty, Minnesota (2003–11) (withdrew endorsement)[45] Marc Racicot, Montana (1993–01); Chair of the Republican National Committee (2001–03)[46] Mitt Romney, Massachusetts (2003–07), 2012 nominee for President[47] Arnold Schwarzenegger, California (2003–11)[48] William Weld, Massachusetts (1991–97) (2016 Libertarian nominee for Vice President)[49] U.S. Senators[edit] Arizona Senator and 2008 nominee for President John McCain Current Kelly Ayotte, New Hampshire (2011–present) (withdrew intended vote, writing-in Mike Pence)[50] Shelley Moore Capito, West Virginia (2015–present) (withdrew endorsement)[51] Susan Collins, Maine (1997–present)[52] Jeff Flake, Arizona (2013–present) (called on Trump to withdraw his candidacy)[53][54] Cory Gardner, Colorado (2015–present) (withdrew endorsement, called on Trump to withdraw his candidacy, writing-in Mike Pence)[55] Dean Heller, Nevada (2011–present)[56] Mark Kirk, Illinois (2010–present) (withdrew endorsement, writing-in Colin Powell)[37] Mike Lee, Utah (2011–present)[57] John McCain, Arizona (1987–present); 2008 nominee for President (withdrew endorsement)[58] Lisa Murkowski, Alaska (2002–present) (called on Trump to withdraw his candidacy)[59] Rob Portman, Ohio (2010-present) [60] Ben Sasse, Nebraska (2015–present)[20][61] Dan Sullivan, Alaska (2015–present) (withdrew endorsement, called on Trump to withdraw candidacy, writing-in Mike Pence)[62] John Thune, South Dakota (2005–present) (withdrew endorsement, called on Trump to withdraw candidacy)[63] Former Norm Coleman, Minnesota (2003–09)[28][64] David Durenberger, Minnesota (1978–95) (endorsed Hillary Clinton)[17] Slade Gorton, Washington (1981–87, 1989–2001) (endorsed Evan McMullin)[65] Gordon J. Humphrey, New Hampshire (1979–90) (endorsed Hillary Clinton)[66][67] John Warner, Virginia (1979–2009); United States Secretary of the Navy (1972–74) (endorsed Hillary Clinton)[68] U.S. Representatives[edit] Nevada U.S. Representative and 2016 nominee for U.S. Senate Joe Heck Current Justin Amash, Michigan (2011–present)[28] Mike Coffman, Colorado (2009–present)[69] Barbara Comstock, Virginia (2015–present)[70] Carlos Curbelo, Florida (2015–present)[20][71] Rodney Davis, Illinois (2013–present) (withdrew endorsement)[72] Charlie Dent, Pennsylvania (2005–present)[73] Bob Dold, Illinois (2011–13, 2015–present)[28][74] Jeff Fortenberry, Nebraska (2005–present) (withdrew endorsement)[72] Scott Garrett, New Jersey (2003–present) (withdrew endorsement)[72] Kay Granger, Texas (1997–present) (called on Trump to withdraw his candidacy)[75] Richard L. Hanna, New York (2011–present) (endorsed Hillary Clinton)[28][76] Cresent Hardy, Nevada (2015–present) (withdrew endorsement)[77] Joe Heck, Nevada (2011–present); 2016 nominee for U.S. Senate (withdrew endorsement)[77] Jaime Herrera Beutler, Washington (2011–present) (writing-in Paul Ryan)[78] Will Hurd, Texas (2015–present)[79] David Jolly, Florida (2014–present)[80] John Katko, New York (2015–present)[81] Adam Kinzinger, Illinois (2011–present)[82] Steve Knight, California (2015–present)[83] Frank LoBiondo, New Jersey (1995–present) (withdrew endorsement, writing-in Mike Pence)[84] Mia Love, Utah (2015–present)[85] Pat Meehan, Pennsylvania (2011–present) (called on Trump to withdraw his candidacy)[84] Erik Paulsen, Minnesota (2009–present) (withdrew endorsement)[86] Reid Ribble, Wisconsin (2011–present)[28] Scott Rigell, Virginia (2011–present) (endorsed Gary Johnson)[20] Martha Roby, Alabama (2011–present) (called on Trump to withdraw his candidacy)[87][88] Tom Rooney, Florida (2009–present) (withdrew endorsement)[72] Ileana Ros-Lehtinen, Florida (1989–present)[28] Mike Simpson, Idaho (1999–present) (withdrew endorsement)[10] Fred Upton, Michigan (1987–present)[89] David Valadao, California (2013–present)[90] Ann Wagner, Missouri (2013–present) (withdrew endorsement)[91] Host of Morning Joe on MSNBC and former U.S. Representative from Florida Joe Scarborough Former Steve Bartlett, Texas (1983–91)[92] Bob Bauman, Maryland (1973–81)[92] Sherwood Boehlert, New York (1993–2007) (endorsed Hillary Clinton)[93] Jack Buechner, Missouri (1987–91)[92] Tom Campbell, California (1989–93, 1995–2001) (endorsed Gary Johnson)[94] Bill Clinger, Pennsylvania (1979–97)[92] Tom Coleman, Missouri (1976–93)[92] Geoff Davis, Kentucky (2005–12)[92] Mickey Edwards, Oklahoma (1977–93)[92] Harris Fawell, Illinois (1985–99)[92] Ed Foreman, Texas (1963–65, 1969–71)[92] Amo Houghton, New York (1987–2005)[92] Bob Inglis, South Carolina (1993–99, 2005–11)[28] Jim Kolbe, Arizona (1985–2007) (endorsed Gary Johnson)[95] Steve Kuykendall, California (1999–2001)[92] Jim Leach, Iowa (1977–2007)[92] Pete McCloskey, California (1967–83)[92] Connie Morella, Maryland (1987–2003) (endorsed Hillary Clinton)[17] Mike Parker, Mississippi (1989–99); Assistant Secretary of the Army for Civil Works (2001–02)[92] Ron Paul, Texas (1976–77, 1979–85, 1997–2013)[96] Tom Petri, Wisconsin (1979–2015)[92] John Porter, Illinois (1980–2001)[92] Joe Scarborough, Florida (1995–2001); commentator and author[97] Claudine Schneider, Rhode Island (1981–91) (endorsed Hillary Clinton)[93] Chris Shays, Connecticut (1987–2009) (endorsed Hillary Clinton)[17] Peter Smith, Vermont (1989–11)[92] Mark Souder, Indiana (1995–2010)[98] J.C. Watts, Oklahoma (1995–2003)[20] Edward Weber, Ohio (1981–83)[92] Vin Weber, Minnesota (1983–93)[99] G. William Whitehurst, Virginia (1969–87)[92] Dick Zimmer, New Jersey (1991–97) (endorsed Gary Johnson)[100] Former State Department officials[edit] Richard Armitage, Deputy Secretary of State; Assistant Secretary of Defense for International Security Affairs (endorsed Hillary Clinton)[101] John B. Bellinger III, Legal Adviser of the Department of State; Legal Adviser to the National Security Council[12] Robert Blackwill, United States Ambassador to India; Deputy National Security Advisor for Strategic Planning (endorsed Hillary Clinton)[12][17] R. Nicholas Burns, Under Secretary of State for Political Affairs; United States Ambassador to NATO; United States Ambassador to Greece (endorsed Hillary Clinton)[102] Eliot A. Cohen, Counselor of the United States Department of State[12][20] Chester Crocker, Assistant Secretary of State for African Affairs[22] Jendayi Frazer, Assistant Secretary of State for African Affairs[12] James K. Glassman, Under Secretary of State for Public Diplomacy and Public Affairs (endorsed Hillary Clinton)[22] David F. Gordon, Director of Policy Planning[12] Donald Gregg, United States Ambassador to South Korea[19] David A. Gross, U.S. Coordinator for International Communications and Information Policy (endorsed Hillary Clinton)[17] John Hillen, Assistant Secretary of State for Political-Military Affairs[12] Reuben Jeffery III, Under Secretary of State for Economic Growth, Energy, and the Environment[12] Robert Joseph, Under Secretary of State for Arms Control and International Security Affairs[22] David J. Kramer, Assistant Secretary of State for Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor[12] Stephen D. Krasner, Director of Policy Planning[22] Frank Lavin, United States Ambassador to Singapore; Under Secretary of Commerce for International Trade (endorsed Hillary Clinton)[17] Robert McCallum, United States Ambassador to Australia; Acting United States Deputy Attorney General[12] Richard Miles, United States Ambassador to Azerbaijan, Bulgaria, and Georgia; Acting United States Ambassador to Kyrgyzstan[22] Roger Noriega, Assistant Secretary of State for Western Hemisphere Affairs[22] John Osborn, Member of the U.S. Advisory Commission on Public Diplomacy[22] Kristen Silverberg, Assistant Secretary of State for International Organization Affairs[12] William Howard Taft IV, Legal Adviser of the Department of State; United States Ambassador to NATO; United States Deputy Secretary of Defense[12] Shirin R. Tahir-Kheli, Senior Advisor for Women’s Empowerment; Special Assistant to the President for Democracy, Human Rights and International Operations (endorsed Hillary Clinton)[12][17] Betty Tamposi, Assistant Secretary of State for Consular Affairs (endorsed Hillary Clinton)[103] Peter Teeley, United States Ambassador to Canada (endorsed Hillary Clinton)[17] Robert Tuttle, United States Ambassador to the United Kingdom (endorsed Hillary Clinton)[104] Philip Zelikow, Counselor of the United States Department of State[12] Former Defense Department officials[edit] Don Bacon, Brigadier General, United States Air Force; 2016 nominee for Nebraska’s 2nd district (called on Trump to withdraw his candidacy)[105] Seth Cropsey, Assistant Secretary of Defense for Special Operations/Low Intensity Conflict & Interdependent Capabilities[22] Michael B. Donley, United States Secretary of the Air Force (endorsed Hillary Clinton)[17] Eric Edelman, Under Secretary of Defense for Policy[12] Doug Feith, Under Secretary of Defense for Policy[106] Robert Hastings, Acting Assistant to the Secretary of Defense for Public Affairs[22] Tim Kane, United States Air Force intelligence officer; Chief Labor Economist, Joint Economic Committee[22] Mary Beth Long, Assistant Secretary of Defense for International Security Affairs[12] Alberto J. Mora, General Counsel of the Navy (endorsed Hillary Clinton)[17] Gale Pollock, Acting Surgeon General of the United States Army (endorsed Hillary Clinton)[17] Martha Rainville, Major General, United States Air Force; Vermont Adjutant General[22] Michael Rubin, Defense Country Director for Iran and Iraq[22] Kalev Sepp, Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for Special Operations Capabilities[22] Matthew Waxman, Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for Detainee Affairs (endorsed Hillary Clinton)[10][12] Paul Wolfowitz, United States Deputy Secretary of Defense; President of the World Bank Group (voting for Clinton)[107] Dov Zakheim, Comptroller of the Department of Defense[12] Former National Security officials[edit] Ken Adelman, Director of the Arms Control and Disarmament Agency (endorsed Hillary Clinton)[10][22] Mike Baker, covert operations officer, Central Intelligence Agency[22] Tom Donnelly, Director of the Policy Group, House Armed Services Committee[22] Gary Edson, Deputy National Security Advisor[12] Richard Falkenrath, Deputy Homeland Security Advisor[12] Peter Feaver, Senior Director for Strategic Planning[12] Aaron Friedberg, Deputy National Security Advisor to the Vice President[12] Greg Garcia, Assistant Secretary of Homeland Security for Cyber Security and Telecommunications[22] Michael Green, Senior Director for Asia, National Security Council[12] Paul Haenle, Director for China and Taiwan, National Security Council[12] Michael Hayden, Director of the Central Intelligence Agency (2006–09)[12] William Inboden, Senior Director for Strategic Planning, National Security Council[12] James Jeffrey, Deputy National Security Advisor[12] James C. Langdon, Jr., Chair of the President’s Intelligence Advisory Board[12] Deborah Loewer, Director of the White House Situation Room (endorsed Hillary Clinton)[108] Evan McMullin, Operations officer, Central Intelligence Agency; Senior Adviser for National Security, House Foreign Affairs Committee (Independent candidate for President)[109][110] Paul D. Miller, Director for Afghanistan, National Security Council[22] Meghan O’Sullivan, Deputy National Security Advisor for Iraq and Afghanistan[12] Kori Schake, Director of Defense Strategy, National Security Council[12] Gary Schmitt, Executive Director of the President’s Intelligence Advisory Board[22] Brent Scowcroft, National Security Advisor (1975–77, 1989–93); Chair of the President’s Intelligence Advisory Board (2001–05) (endorsed Hillary Clinton)[17] David Shedd, Deputy Director of National Intelligence; Acting Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency[22] Stephen Slick, Senior Director for Intelligence Programs, National Security Council[12] Frances Townsend, Homeland Security Advisor[22] Kenneth Wainstein, Homeland Security Advisor[12] Other former federal government officials[edit] Former Chief of Staff to the Vice President and founder of The Weekly Standard Bill Kristol Donald B. Ayer, United States Deputy Attorney General[12] Phillip D. Brady, White House Staff Secretary; White House Cabinet Secretary (endorsed Hillary Clinton)[108] Paul K. Charlton, United States Attorney[111] Linda Chavez, Director of the Office of Public Liaison; 1986 nominee for U.S. Senator from Maryland[28] Jim Cicconi, White House Staff Secretary (endorsed Hillary Clinton)[17] Scott Evertz, Director of the Office of National AIDS Policy (endorsed Hillary Clinton)[17] Tony Fratto, Deputy White House Press Secretary[112] Charles Fried, United States Solicitor General; Associate Justice of the Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court (endorsed Hillary Clinton)[113] Fred T. Goldberg, Jr., Assistant Secretary of the Treasury for Tax Policy; Commissioner of Internal Revenue (endorsed Hillary Clinton)[17] Hugh Hewitt, Assistant White House Counsel; conservative radio host (called on Trump to withdraw his candidacy)[114] Theodore Kassinger, United States Deputy Secretary of Commerce[12] Bill Kristol, Chief of Staff to the Vice President (endorsed Evan McMullin)[115] Rosario Marin, Treasurer of the United States (endorsed Hillary Clinton)[116] John McKay, former United States Attorney (endorsed Hillary Clinton)[117] Andrew Natsios, Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development; Chair of the Massachusetts Republican Party[12] Daniel F. Runde, Director of the Global Development Alliance[22] Larry D. Thompson, United States Deputy Attorney General[12] Dan Webb, former United States Attorney (endorsed Hillary Clinton)[118] Peter Wehner, Director of the Office of Strategic Initiatives[10] Lezlee Westine, Director of the Office of Public Liaison (2001–2005) (endorsed Hillary Clinton)[99][119] Peter Zeidenberg, Assistant United States Attorney[111] Statewide officials[edit] Current Brian Calley, Lieutenant Governor of Michigan (2011–present) (called on Trump to withdraw his candidacy)[120] Spencer Cox, Lieutenant Governor of Utah (2013–present)[121] Kim Guadagno, Lieutenant Governor of New Jersey (2010–present)[122] Former Paul Anderson, Associate Justice of the Minnesota Supreme Court (1994–2013) (endorsed Hillary Clinton)[123] Greg Bell, Lieutenant Governor of Utah (2009–13) (endorsed Evan McMullin)[124] Bob Brown, Secretary of State of Montana (2001–05) (endorsed Hillary Clinton)[125] Betty Montgomery, Attorney General of Ohio (1995–2003), Ohio State Auditor (2003–07)[126] Mark Shurtleff, Attorney General of Utah (2001–13) (endorsed Hillary Clinton)[127] Robert Smith, Associate Judge of the New York Court of Appeals (2004–14) (endorsed Hillary Clinton)[128] Michael Steele, Lieutenant Governor of Maryland (2003–07) and RNC Chair (2009–11)[129] Diana Taylor, New York Superintendent of Banks (2003–07) (endorsed Hillary Clinton)[130] Grant Woods, Attorney General of Arizona (1991–99) (endorsed Hillary Clinton)[131] State legislators[edit] Current Jack Ciattarelli, New Jersey State Representative (2011–present) (withdrew endorsement)[122] Kurt Daudt, Minnesota State Representative (2011–present), Speaker of the Minnesota House of Representatives (2015–present) (called on Trump to withdraw his candidacy)[132] David Johnson, Iowa State Senator (2003–present)[37][133] Mark B. Madsen, Utah State Senator (2005–present) (endorsed Gary Johnson)[134] Charisse Millett, Alaska State Representative (2009–present), Majority Leader (2015–present) (withdrew endorsement)[135][136] Ross Spano, Florida State Representative (2012–present)[80] Joe Sweeney, New Hampshire State Representative (2012–present) (withdrew endorsement)[137] Former Lois Sherman Hagarty, Pennsylvania State Representative (1980–92)[138] Brian Lees, Massachusetts State Senator (1989–2007), Minority Leader (1993–2007)[139] Jack McGregor, Pennsylvania State Senator (1963–70) (endorsed Hillary Clinton)[108] Will Weatherford, Florida State Representative (2006–14), Speaker of the Florida House of Representatives (2012–14)[140] Municipal officials[edit] Joel Giambra, former Erie County Executive (endorsed Hillary Clinton)[141] Carlos A. Giménez, Mayor of Miami-Dade County (endorsed Hillary Clinton)[142] Danny Jones, Mayor of Charleston, West Virginia (endorsed Gary Johnson)[143][144] Aimee Winder Newton, Member of the Salt Lake County Council (withdrew endorsement)[145] Tomás Regalado, Mayor of Miami[146] Other notable individuals[edit]

ARTICLE

Posted on November 3, 2016 by WashingtonsBlog 
Clinton and her supporters have tried to blame Russia for hacking her emails and making them a focus in this election. 
In reality, it's likely that American intelligence and defense workers are the source for at least some of the leaks. 
The Guardian reports today: 
Deep antipathy to Hillary Clinton exists within the FBI, multiple bureau sources have told the Guardian, spurring a rapid series of leaks damaging to her campaign just days before the election. 
*** 
The currently serving FBI agent said Clinton is 'the antichrist personified to a large swath of FBI personnel,” and that ' the reason why they're leaking is they're pro-Trump.” 
*** 
The leaks have not exclusively cast aspersions on Clinton. Paul Manafort, Trump's former campaign manager, is the subject of what is said to be a preliminary FBI inquiry into his business dealings in Russia. Manafort has denied any wrongdoing. 
Moreover, Clinton supporters have claimed that the emails found on Anthony Weiner's laptop are only duplicates of emails the FBI has previously seen. 
However, CBS News reports : 
The FBI has found emails related to Hillary Clinton's tenure as secretary of state on the laptop belonging to the estranged husband of Huma Abedin, Anthony Weiner, according to a U.S. official. 
These emails, CBS News' Andres Triay reports, are not duplicates of emails found on Secretary Clinton's private server. 
*** 'These emails have never been seen before”

ARTICLE

World War III — the first (and final) nuclear war — has never been so likely as it is now. Eric Zuesse, originally posted at strategic-culture.org Here is the reason why we are currently even closer to a civilization-ending nuclear war than was the case during the Cuban Missile Crisis of 1962: During the Cold War, the two sides agreed that any war between the capitalist side and the communist side would escalate to nuclear war between the U.S. and the USSR and constitute Mutually Assured Destruction (M.A.D.). Therefore, because of this mutual acceptance of M.A.D., hot war didn't develop during that entire period, from 1945 till the Soviet Union dissolved and ended its military alliance the Warsaw Pact, both of which ended in 1991. Throughout that 45-year period, called 'the Cold War,” there was no hot war between the two nuclear superpowers, because both sides believed that any hot war would end in M.A.D. — mutual annihilation, and the end of civilization. It would end that way because any hot war between the two sides would terminate either in one side surrendering to the other, or else in at least one of the two sides (presumably to be started by the one that's on the brink of defeat in the traditional hot war) nuclear-attacking the other (as being its only alternative to defeat). In other words, M.A.D. recognized and accepted the fact that for a nuclear power to attack a nuclear power with non-nuclear weaponry will almost certainly provoke a nuclear war at the moment when one of the two is losing (or about to lose) the conventional conflict to the other. Nuclear weapons are weapons of last resort, but they exist in order to prevent defeat. That's what they exist for. If Japan had had deliverable nuclear weapons, then the end of World War II would have been considerably delayed. Japan would have lost because it had no allies, but the end of WW II would have been very different than it was. Only M.A.D. avoided the Cold War becoming a hot war. But M.A.D. is not just a physical reality but equally importantly a mutually-shared belief-system , a belief-system that becomes no longer operative if one of the two sides switches to believe that a way exists actually to win a nuclear war — in other words, to believe that conquest of a nuclear power by another nuclear power is a real possibility. During the years prior to 2006, there was an increasing though unspoken belief at the top of the U.S. aristocracy (the people who control the U.S. government — or at least have controlled it since 1981 ), that the United States would be able to win a nuclear war against Russia; and, suddenly, in 2006, the belief was published, and virtually no one who possessed power or influence challenged it; and, from that time forward, M.A.D. was ended on the American side, and nuclear weapons became, in the U.S., strategized within a new framework (called 'nuclear primacy” ) — the framework of nuclear weapons as constituting the ultimate weapons of conquest by the U.S. government. After 1991, when the Warsaw Pact no longer existed, the U.S. military alliance NATO invited into its membership all of the former states of the USSR except Russia (thereby indicating NATO's continuing hostility toward that particular nation and the fraudulence of NATO's peace with it), and also invited in all of the USSR's former Warsaw Pact allies, and so NATO (a now clearly anti-Russian, no longer at all anti-communist, alliance) has come to extend right up to Russia's own borders — something that the U.S. had refused to allow the USSR to do to the U.S. in 1962, when the Soviet dictator Khrushchev wanted to place nuclear missiles in Cuba just 90 miles from America's border. In the new era during which the U.S. government and its allies believe that nuclear primacy is about to be achieved, the framework in which the use of 'nuclear primacy' would be 'justified' is that, as soon as such 'primacy' is believed to have been obtained (such as by means of anti-ballistic missiles having been installed that would supposedly annihilate Russia's nuclear arsenal before their warheads could even be released to retaliate against the U.S.-and-allied nuclear invasion), the U.S. side's 'defensive' traditional-weapons invasion of Russia is being defeated by the Russians, and so the only way available to prevent the defeat of the U.S.-and-allied forces is by the use of nuclear weapons (the 'taking-advantage' of America's 'nuclear primacy'). That's how the nuclear attack would be 'justified', as a 'necessary defensive response' against Russia. Consequently, in the current U.S.-NATO operation on and near Russia's borders , the Alliance is starting the buildup of its traditional invasion forces. This includes even some U.S. allies that aren't in NATO . The supposed 'justification' for this amassing of invasion-forces on Russia's borders is to 'defend' against 'Russia's aggression' when (in March 2014 just weeks after the bloody U.S. coup in Ukraine ) Russia enabled the residents of Crimea to rejoin Crimea as part of Russia, of which Crimea had been until the Soviet dictator Khrushchev arbitrarily transferred Crimea to Ukraine in 1954 . That disagreement about Crimea is the supposed root-cause for NATO's involvement, even though Ukraine still isn't (and previously didn't want to be) a member of the NATO alliance. Anyway: this is the rationalization for NATO's buildup toward what could become WW III. Ever since 19 February 2016, the U.S. has been storing tanks and artillery , sufficient 'to support 15,000 Marines” in undisclosed 'confidential” Norwegian caves. Norway has a 200-mile border with Russia. CNN's news-report on that was accompanied by a video headlined 'Russia Reveals Aggressive Military Plans” . It reported that Russia's (democratically elected, though not mentioned as such) President, Vladimir Putin, was moving troops and weapons toward Norway's border. (How would the U.S. respond if Russia were to be storing invasion-equipment and troops in Mexico near the U.S. border? Would the U.S. be moving troops and weapons near the Mexican border to protect against an invasion of America; and, if so, then how accurate would it be if Russia's media then headlined 'America Reveals Aggressive Military Plans”? Hitler's Germany used those sorts of media-tactics, but this time Obama's America is doing that.) Marine Corps Times headlined on October 24th, 'More than 300 Marines heading to Norway in January” . U.S. President Barack Obama means business: he's getting things set up for Hillary Clinton to finish as his successor. This kind of boldness exceeds anything during the Cold War. America, and its greatly expanded NATO, thus now surrounds Russia not just with its tanks etc., but with its missiles and bombers, on and near Russia's borders, and so the flight-time from launch to the nuclear-bombing (if the ground-invasion of Russia encounters defeat) will be less than ten minutes, sometimes even less than the time for Russia to get its own missiles launched in retaliation against ours; and so a U.S. blitz nuclear attack against Russia could conceivably be an entirely one-sided war. Here is how that scenario — the end of physical M.A.D. — has actually become the objective sought by the U.S. government (and the necessary backstory for America's war-drills on Russia's borders): In 2006, the U.S. aristocracy published in the journal Foreign Affairs, from their Council on Foreign Relations, the first article which said that the U.S. goal should no longer be a continuation of M.A.D., but instead 'The Rise of U.S. Nuclear Primacy” , by which the U.S. aristocracy meant the rise of America's ability to win a nuclear war against Russia. It established this stunning goal merely by saying that such an objective could be achieved and that it should be achieved, and by the article's being published by the U.S. aristocracy itself (the people who control this country), and by furthermore the U.S. aristocracy not condemning and rejecting and repudiating it but simply letting that article stand with little to no public discussion (and no public debate) about it, much less with the chorus of public condemnations of it in the U.S. press, such as would have happened if America were a democracy — but this nation no longer is a democracy, it has become an aristocracy , and this aristocracy had now published the 'Nuclear Primacy” article. (By contrast, in the obscure journal China Security was published in the Autumn 2006 issue the main critique against it, 'The Fallacy of Nuclear Primacy” . That article had no impact.) The Foreign Affairs article even was so bold as to assert that 'U.S. leaders have always aspired to this goal” (nuclear primacy) — a wild and unsupported allegation that's not much different from alleging that not only George W. Bush but all U.S. Presidents after World War II were aspiring to have the ability to conquer Russia (and the authors were asserting that only now was this supposedly terrific ability coming within reach). It was explicit about G.W. Bush's having this desire: 'The intentional pursuit of nuclear primacy is, moreover, entirely consistent with the United States' declared policy of expanding its global dominance. The Bush administration's 2002 National Security Strategy explicitly states that the United States aims to establish military primacy.” That allegation was tragically true, which is one of the reasons why Bush (like his father, who actually started the determined policy to achieve nuclear primacy) was so dangerous and harmful a President. His invasion of Iraq was merely a sympton of that deeper disease. And, so, this article about 'The Rise of U.S. Nuclear Primacy” and 'The End of” M.A.D., was now — since it was published by the CFR and not rejected by any influential group — accepted within the U.S. as a goal, 'Nuclear Primacy,” which the U.S. government could and should strive for. That idea, of a winnable nuclear war (winnable by the U.S., of course), was no longer heretical, no longer viewed as repugnant. In fact, this article had been introduced and accepted by Harvard University simultaneously in its longer form and simultaneously published by their scholarly journal International Security , which is the leading (it's the world's most influential) scholarly journal dealing with that subject, and its title there was 'The End of MAD?” . (The periods are customarily removed from the acronym 'M.A.D.”, perhaps in order to associate the M.A.D. concept with the pejorative term, insanity. So — at least in the United States — the termination of M.A.D. has always had a favorable ring to it, even before that goal became effectively U.S. policy, which it has been at least ever since 2006.) And no one was saying that Harvard and its journal and the CFR were the ones who were at all 'mad” or anything similar, such as 'insane.” The aristocracy's stamp of approval upon the concept of nuclear primacy was clear, from at least 2006 on. Although M.A.D. continued as regards Russia's side, it no longer remained operative thinking on America's side. That's now clear, and this is Russia's predicament — and the world's (because a nuclear war involving even just one of the two nuclear superpowers would destroy the world ). U.S. President Barack Obama is putting the goal of nuclear primacy into place, starting with implementation of Ronald Reagan's proposed 'Star Wars” Anti-Ballistic Missile (ABM) defense system, now called the Ballistic Missile Defense (BMD) system, and technically called by the name of its current embodiment: Lockheed Martin's, Boeing's, and Raytheon's, Aegis Ashore system, which Obama first made operational in Romania on 12 May 2016 . It's designed so as to enable a surprise nuclear attack against Russia in which any missiles that Russia might be able to launch in retaliation will supposedly (if the system works 100%) be annihilated during their launch-phase. Officially , however, its purpose is to defend Europe from being attacked by Iranian missiles. Any public U.S. admission that this 'defensive' system is actually preparation for a blitz U.S. nuclear assault on Russia is obviously out of the question. And, obviously, Russians know that Obama is lying and that this is preparation by the U.S. for a blitz nuclear attack against Russia. The West's 'news' media might be such 'fools' as not to be aware of that fact, but Putin has made quite clear that he is not, and he is preparing Russia to deal with it. Obama's action here was made possible by U.S. President George W. Bush's 2002 unilateral termination of the 1972 Anti-Ballistic-Missile Treaty with Russia's predecessor, the Soviet Union. Bush rushed forward with Reagan's 'Star Wars” program even despite there having been no successful tests of the necessary technology: the existing technology consistently failed but Bush decided to invest $53 billion of U.S. taxpayers' money in it . Bush in 2004 received British Prime Minister Tony Blair's participation and provisioning of locations and facilities to implement the plan , and Bush was also pressing both Poland and the Czech Republic to allow the U.S. to position ABMs there . Obama came into office criticizing the ABM plan and pretending not to be hostile toward Russia. He deceived Vladimir Putin into thinking that Obama sincerely wanted to pursue peace and cooperation with Russia. As soon as Obama became re-elected, his verbal smiling teeth immediately became actual glaring fangs. Then, soon after his regime overthrew in a bloody February 2014 coup the Moscow-friendly democratically elected President of Ukraine, bordering Russia , Russia started in the summer of 2014 to ignore the 1987 Intermediate Nuclear Forces Treaty, because for Washington the next step (beyond Ukraine) clearly now would be Moscow and so all bets were off. The installation of the Aegis Ashore in Romania likewise violates that Treaty , which is one important reason why Obama lies to say that all of the Aegis Ashore facilities will be targeted against Iran — and maybe also North Korea — but never against Russia. The full Aegis Ashore system, which will require several such sites, isn't yet operational. NATO's PR-arm the Atlantic Council, has mentioned among the Aegis Ashore's benefits, that for the next such site, in Poland, 'Poland announced in late April that it would buy eight Patriot missile batteries from Virginia-based Raytheon Co. in a deal that could generate at least $2.5 billion in US export content.” The U.S. government officials and their friends who have invested in Raytheon and the other 'defense' firms didn't need to be informed of this by any PR person. They already knew of it from more reliable sources, and perhaps they even have invested in nuclear bunkers for themselves and their friends and their friends' friends . Lots of money is changing hands during this build-up. Also in 2006, later in that year, specifically on 18 November 2006, was published at Global Research, which is an independent Canadian online international site dealing with geostrategy, a superb summary of the connection that this plan has to America's string of invasions in the Middle East. It's titled 'Plans for Redrawing the Middle East: The Project for a 'New Middle East',” by Mahdi Darius Nazemroaya, who explains: It should be noted that in his book, 'The Grand Chessboard: American Primacy and Its Geo-strategic Imperatives,” Zbigniew Brzezinski, a former U.S. National Security Advisor, alluded to the modern Middle East as a control lever of an area he, Brzezinski, calls the Eurasian Balkans. The Eurasian Balkans consists of the Caucasus (Georgia, the Republic of Azerbaijan, and Armenia) and Central Asia (Kazakhstan, Uzbekistan, Kyrgyzstan, Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, Afghanistan, and Tajikistan) and to some extent both Iran and Turkey. Iran and Turkey both form the northernmost tiers of the Middle East (excluding the Caucasus4) that edge into Europe and the former Soviet Union. The Map of the 'New Middle East” A relatively unknown map of the Middle East, NATO-garrisoned Afghanistan, and Pakistan has been circulating around strategic, governmental, NATO, policy and military circles since mid-2006. It has been casually allowed to surface in public, maybe in an attempt to build consensus and to slowly prepare the general public for possible, maybe even cataclysmic, changes in the Middle East. This is a map of a redrawn and restructured Middle East identified as the 'New Middle East.” MAP OF THE NEW MIDDLE EAST Note: The following map was prepared by Lieutenant-Colonel Ralph Peters. It was published in the Armed Forces Journal in June 2006, Peters is a retired colonel of the U.S. National War Academy. (Map Copyright Lieutenant-Colonel Ralph Peters 2006). Although the map does not officially reflect Pentagon doctrine, it has been used in a training program at NATO's Defense College for senior military officers. This map, as well as other similar maps, has most probably been used at the National War Academy as well as in military planning circles. Brzezinski's advocacy of 'American Primacy” fits perfectly with the aristocracy's support of 'Nuclear Primacy,” and appeared eight years before it. His 1998 book was seminal also in many other ways. And, as that Nazemroaya article made clear, Brzezinski's plan was already being put into effect by the U.S. government, even before 2006. However, the person who actually made the seminal decision behind all of this, the decision to conquer Russia, was U.S. President George Herbert Walker Bush, on the night of 24 February 1990, just before the Soviet Union ended. He was the person who decided that after the USSR and its Warsaw Pact terminated, NATO would continue that cold war until Russia has been surrounded by U.S. allies, who are Russia's enemies, when Russia will ultimately either surrender or else be destroyed by the U.S. and its friends. Even if Russia assumes that any such nuclear war would be M.A.D., the government of the U.S. no longer does. That's Russia's predicament — and the world's . However, military planners in the U.S. and its vassal nations, do not include in their calculations the world: the impacts that such nuclear winter and all the rest will have if their dream of 'nuclear primacy' amounts to anything more than merely the vicious hoax that it is. This fact, of their ignoring the world, is scandalous — against our military planners. They are so obsessed with 'victory', that they are willing to participate in this false and potentially mega-catastrophic dream, of 'nuclear primacy'. Unless and until nuclear weapons are totally eliminated (which might never happen), their constructive function, of preventing WW III, must continue, not end as a result of 'nuclear primacy' and other such lies and delusions. However, the 'news' media, especially in 'The West', are not pointing out those lies and distortions, but instead reinforcing them. If there is to be a WW III, it will end the world . That is the key fact, which is ignored by 'The West's' military planners. NATO needs to end now, just as the Warsaw Pact did in 1991 — when an indecent, oligarchic , 'The West' continued the Cold War despite the Warsaw Pact's end, and now is making it hot.

ARTICLE

Posted on November 3, 2016 by Charles Hugh Smith 
Let's set aside Hillary Clinton as an individual and consider her as the perfection of a corrupt political system. As I noted yesterday, Politics As Usual Is Dead , and Hillary Clinton is the ultimate product of the political system that is disintegrating before our eyes. 
The corruption of pay-to-play and the commingling of public and private influence is not the failing of an individual–it is the logical conclusion of a thoroughly corrupt political system. 
Given the incentives built into politics as usual , public/private pay-to-play doesn't just make sense–it is the only possible maximization of the political system . 
Cobble together a multi-million dollar private foundation, millions of dollars in speaking fees from big-money contributors, conflicts of interest, the secrecy of private email servers, pay-to-play schemes and corrupted loyalists planted in the Department of Justice, and the inevitable result is a politics as usual money-harvesting machine that lays waste to the nation, supporters and critics alike. 
All the Clintons did is assemble the parts more effectively than anyone else. Now that the machine has scooped up hundreds of millions of dollars in 'contributions” and other loot, vested interests and corrupted loyalists within the federal government will do anything to protect the machine and its vast flow of funds. 
The nation's political system needs a thorough cleaning from top to bottom. Exposing the Clintons' perfection of politics as usual won't change the conditions and incentives that created the Clintons' harvester of corruption. 
That will require rooting out the incentives that made the Clintons' perfection of corruption both logical and inevitable.

ARTICLE

Posted on November 3, 2016 by Michael Collins 
Donald Trump's post election experience may be as bad or worse than the nightmare he hopes to visit on Hillary Clinton, perhaps worse. 
Jane Doe ( proceeding under a pseudonym ) filed a civil lawsuit against Donald Trump and convicted sex offender, Jeremy Epstein, for multiple acts of sexual and physical abuse, which occurred when the defendant was 13 years old. Specifically, the the plaintiff charged the defendants with: 
'Rape, sexual misconduct, criminal sexual acts, sexual abuse, forcible touching, assault, battery, intentional, and reckless inflection of emotional distress, duress, false imprisonment, and defamation.” Jane Doe v. Donald J. Trump and Jeffrey E. Epstein . 
Judge Ronnie Abrams scheduled a December 16, 2016 pretrial conference to set a timeline for the case in the U.S District Court, Southern District in Manhattan. 
The complaint argues for the use of Jane Doe rather than the plaintiff's actual name: 'This litigation involves matters that are highly sensitive and of a personal nature, and identification of Plaintiff would pose a risk of retaliatory physical harm to her and to others.” 
The heart of Jane Doe's complaint is summarized below: 
'Plaintiff was enticed by promises of money and a modeling career to attend a series of parties, with other similarly situated minor females, held at a New York City residence that was being used by Defendant Jeffrey Epstein. … 
'Defendant Trump initiated sexual contact with Plaintiff at four different parties. On the fourth and final sexual encounter with Defendant Trump, Defendant Trump tied Plaintiff to a bed, exposed himself to Plaintiff, and then proceeded to forcibly rape Plaintiff. During the course of this savage sexual attack, Plaintiff loudly pleaded with Defendant Trump to stop but with no effect. Defendant Trump responded to Plaintiff's pleas by violently striking Plaintiff in the face with his open hand and screaming that he would do whatever he wanted. Exhs. A and B.” Jane Doe v. Donald J. Trump and Jeffrey E. Epstein . 
The complaint against Epstein describes behavior similar to that of Trump. 
Epstein – a convicted sex offender 
Palm Beach, Florida investigators produced a probable cause affidavit in 2006 that documented Jeffrey Epstein's 'unlawful sexual activity with” 4 minors and 'lewd and lascivious molestation.” The crimes took place at Epstein's Palm Beach mansion where he entertained lavishly. 
Epstein hired Harvard Law Professor Alan Dershhowitz and former special prosecutor Kenneth Starr as his defense team. Even though FBI and other investigations accumulated a victim list of 40 underage girls in Florida , the case was settled in 2008 when Epstein pleaded guilty to one count of soliciting prostitution from underage girls. He was sentenced to 18 months, served 13, and had to register as a risk level 3-sex offender in New York (the highest level). 
Trump – brags about close friendship with Epstein 
Before Epstein's legal problems, Trump did a 2002 interview in New York Magazine in which he described a long-term relationship with Epstein. 
'I've known Jeff for fifteen years. Terrific guy. He's a lot of fun to be with. It is even said that he likes beautiful women as much as I do, and many of them are on the younger side. No doubt about it — Jeffrey enjoys his social life.” New York Magazine 
Trump had Epstein at a guest at his Florida mansion and Epstein had Trump as a guest as his estates in Florida and New York. 
Will the case go forward if Trump wins the election? 
If the case is not dismissed, the scheduling conference on the December 16 will outline various tasks and dates over the first few months of 2017, including the dates for the inauguration of the 45 th President of the United States. If that happens to be Donald Trump, there is nothing to prevent the trial from going forward. The Supreme Court decision in the Bill Clinton – Paula Jones case established the right of citizens to sue presidents in civil court for acts committed prior to taking office. 
If the case moves forward, the evidence in the exhibits and subsequent information, the quality of representation at trial, and the judge and jury are the central factors that will determine if a sitting president or losing presidential candidate will do some serious time for the heinous crimes alleged. Unlike the original Epstein case, the visibility for this matter is so high, backroom deals for the rich and famous will be virtually impossible.

ARTICLE

Posted on November 4, 2016 by JimQ 'History offers even more sobering warnings: Armed confrontation usually occurs around the climax of Crisis. If there is confrontation, it is likely to lead to war. This could be any kind of war – class war, sectional war, war against global anarchists or terrorists, or superpower war. If there is war, it is likely to culminate in total war, fought until the losing side has been rendered nil – its will broken, territory taken, and leaders captured.” – The Fourth Turning – Strauss & Howe -1997 
As we enter the final stretch of this vitriolic, deplorable, venomous, propaganda saturated, deceitful, rigged presidential election spectacle, it becomes painfully obvious this Fourth Turning is careening toward bloodshed, bedlam, confrontation, and civil war. The linear fixated establishment, who fancy themselves intellectually superior to the irredemables, are too blinded by their sociopathic, increasingly audacious subversion of the Constitution, to grasp the level of rage and disillusionment of a white working class that has been screwed over for decades. 
As the Wall Street shysters frantically accelerate their embezzlement of what remains of middle class wealth, with the Fed and the corporate media propagandists as their wing-men, the country devolves into a corporate fascist state. The disposition of the nation grows dark like the sky before an approaching deadly blizzard. As passions boil over and violence portends, this Fourth Turning hastens towards a bloody decade ahead with an uncertain climax.

ARTICLE

Posted on November 4, 2016 by DavidSwanson 
For the past eight years millions of people have expended billions of words speculating about exactly how the United States kills people with missiles from drones (and missiles from other sources, such as manned aircraft, targeting people identified with drones). There is good reason to believe that for each such attack there exists a video and audio record of what the drone pilots saw and what they and their colleagues said to each other as they decided to launch a missile and as they observed its results. 
This is a level of documentation we rarely have with killings by domestic police officers, who are typically filmed by observers with phones, a method of documentation that excludes the leadup and the aftermath. 
It's also a level of documentation that is almost entirely denied to the public, meaning that it doesn't actually do us much good. As far as I know we have not seen a single video or heard a single audio recording of a drone murder. The 'Collateral Murder” video is a powerful record of a non-drone attack. 
With drones, however, we do have one (incomplete) transcript of what was said during the hours leading up and the minutes following one particular attack. This was an attack in Afghanistan in February 2010 that killed zero fighters but numerous innocent civilians. According to survivors, 23 men, women, and children were killed. According to the U.S. military 15 or 16 were killed and 12 wounded. The U.S. military apologized and paid some $4000 to the family of each acknowledged victim. 
The ACLU obtained the transcript in 2011, and it was published by the Los Angeles Times , which wrote an account of the incident, but I didn't pay much attention until the new film, National Bird , dramatized part of it. I think it deserves a bit longer excerpt than either the Times or National Bird provided. So, here is my selection plus commentary. Feel free to read the whole thing at the links above and make of it what you may. 
00:38 (JAG25): We are going to hold on containment fires and try to attempt PID, we would really like to take out those trucks. 
PID means positive identification. This individual is eager to send missiles into trucks on the ground in Afghanistan but is aware of the need to identify somebody in one or more of them as an armed fighter. In fictional fantasies like Eye in the Sky or presidential speeches, targets must exclude any possibility of killing civilians and the targeted people must be known, specifically identified, be beyond any possibility of arrest, and be 'immediate and continuing” threats to the United States of America. None of those criteria or anything like them are even discussed in this actual drone attack. Instead, the question of whether to launch hellfire missiles at automobiles is whether the targeted people are males over 10 years old and whether at least one of them has a gun. As we'll see, even those standards are not met, but they are discussed. 
00:38 (Slasher03): Copy that. Break, break, Slasher, we passed you coords for the vehicle on the west side of the river again you have multiple dismounts in the open break. On the east side of the river there's an additional vehicle majority of the dismounts are inside a compound located just to the north of that vehicle if you get eyes on that compound. Compound has multiple movers as well as one pickup truck hot. 
00:38 (Slasher03): Kirk97, Slasher in addition if you're able to pick up illumination it appears the two vehicles are flashing lights signaling between. 
Before anyone was murdered on this day, everyone was discussed for hours with words like 'vehicle,”'compound,”'dismounts,” and 'movers”— which simply has to have a different impact than 'cars,”'houses,”'pedestrians,” and 'people walking around.” 
… 
00:41 (Pilot): Does he have a weapon? 
00:41 (Sensor): Can't tell yet 
00:41 (MC): Can't tell 
CLASSIFIED 
… 
00:42 (Kirk97): Jag25/Slasher03/Kirk97 we are eyes on a vehicle, personnel in the open, definite tactical movement, cannot PID weapons at this time, how copy? 
… 
Still, they are hoping to positively identify a weapon. But, in the absence of that justification, they have spotted 'definite tactical movement.” How, one wonders, given that these were a bunch of civilian commuters, does such movement differ from a handful of families and students walking about and arranging themselves into a couple of SUVs and a pickup truck? 
00:43 (Sensor): possible mortars (reference to what the JTAC is trying to PID) 
00:43 (Pilot): Kirk97, good copy on that, be advised personnel in the open, by the vehicles moving tactically definitely carrying objects at this time we cannot PID what they are however we've got eyes on and we are working our best 
… 
So now there are automobiles with objects and human beings in them, and those automobiles are moving (as they are principally designed to do). 
00:44 (Jag25): Jag25, roger, ground force commander's intent is to destroy the vehicles and the personnel, right now Kirk97 is showing that the individuals egressed the trucks holding cylindrical objects in their hands *radio static* 
… 
Personnel egressed some trucks, meaning that some people got out. And they had objects with them. As you read on, see if you notice eagerness or wariness to interpret such a phenomenon as a threat. 
00:44 (Pilot): Be ready for a lot of (exploitive deleted) squirters dude 
00:44 (Pilot): These guys look to be lookouts, man 
… 
People who get out and walk away from a group are 'squirters” though not yet 'bugsplat” (what drone pilots have sometimes called those they've killed). They are also 'lookouts.” This identification of them as 'lookouts” is made on the basis of the fuzzy little green linear shapes these people appear as in the video being observed, not on the basis of a high resolution color image in which something like binoculars or facial expressions could be identified. 
00:45 (MC): See if you can zoom in on that guy, 'cause he's kind of like 
00:45 (Pilot): what did he just leave there 
00:45 (Pilot): Is that a *expletive* rifle? 
00:45 (Sensor): Maybe just a warm spot from where he was sitting; can't really tell right now, but it does look like an object 
Well an object could be a rifle. There's at least a 1% chance, as Dick Cheney would say. 
00:45 (Pilot): I was hoping we could make a rifle out, never mind 
Why was this man or woman hoping that? Why not fearing it? After all, it could mean being ordered to do something horrific: to kill. Even believing that killing to be somehow justified and possibly even somehow legal, the drone pilot of our imagination faces it regretfully and somberly. Not these guys. 
00:45 (Sensor): The only way I've ever been able to see a rifle is if they move them around, when their holding them, with muzzle flashes out or slinging them across their shoulders 
… 
And yet no such identification happens on this day. Nonetheless, 23 people lose their lives while others lose their limbs. You can see the survivors and hear them tell their stories in National Bird. 
00:48 (Slasher03): jaguar25, slasher03 again, on the west side you have 10 pax that are dismounts that appear to be huddled down, hunkered down, holding position they are all static on the east side, you have the original vehicle with 2 dismounts waiting outside, believe you had up to two to three to four that are still inside the vehicle, then just north of that position you have the compound where our 1 individual exited the vehicle and rendezvous, you have multiple movers within that compound as well as a hot pickup truck 
… 
Pax does not of course mean peace. It means passengers. 'Hot” I believe actually means hot, as pilots are able to observe heat recorded by heat sensors. They sometimes observe the cooling of a body on the ground as the blood leaves it. 
END OF 0023z VIDEO SEGMENT BEGINNING OF 0054z VIDEO SEGMENT 
… 
The line above suggests that there is a video we could be shown. Exactly whose embarrassment — er, I mean, national security — overrides our right to see it? 
00:54 (Jag25): … we believe we may have a high level Taliban commander … 
… 
Don't they always? If you want to prove they don't always, make the videos public. 
00:55 (Pilot): wouldn't surprise me if this was one of their important guys, just watching from a distance, you know what I mean? 
00:55 (Sensor): yea he's got his security detail 
… 
A group of people, by virtue of containing multiple people, is now wishfully seen as a Taliban bigshot with a 'security detail.” 
00:55 (Pilot): … Be advised on the west side of the river we still have one vehicle with ten pax, two lookouts, could be definite tactical movement with a commander over watching, definitely suspicious how copy? 
… 
These bees are acting suspicious, said Winnie the Pooh. 
00:56 (JAG): roger good copy, due to distance from friendlies we are trying to work on justification, we're gonna need PID 
00:56 (Pilot): Good copy on that, no PID on weapons at this time only tactical movements on the west side, can you pass coords for the east please? 
… 
00:59 (Sensor): not sure what compound they came from or what we are apparently dealing with. 
… 
These guys have no idea who they are looking at, but they are working on coming up with a 'justification” to murder them. 
00:59 (Pilot): what about the guy under the north arrow, does it look like he is hold'n something across his chest 
00:59 (Sensor): yea it's kind of weird how they all have a cold spot on their chest 
00:59 (Pilot): It's what they've been doing here lately, they wrap their *expletive* up in their man dresses so you can't PID it 
… 
The conversation oozes with respect for the people whose country is being 'liberated.” 
1:00(Sensor): maybe five in the back of the bed 1:00 *broken radio chatter* 
1:00 (Jag25): Jag25 have you loud and clear 
… 
1:01 (Pilot): Jag25, Slasher03, Kirk97 it looks like the dismounted pax on the hilux pickup on the east side is carrying something, but we cannot PID what it is at this time but he is carrying something 
1:02 (Sensor): He slung it on his shoulder whatever it was, just switched arms with it or something, and is getting in the truck 
… 
01:03 (Sensor): the screener is reviewing, they think something is up with that dude as well. I'll take a quick look at the SUV guys, sorry 
1:03 (JAG25): Slasher03 JAG25 1:03 (Sensor): what do these dudes got, yeah I think that dude had a rifle 
1:03 (Pilot): I do too 
… 
There's a wishful guess that a group of two dozen people traveling through an extremely dangerous country might have a gun. Wait and see what that is taken to justify. 
1:04 (Pilot): All players, all Players from KIRK97, from our DGS the MAM that just mounted the back of the hilux had a possible weapon, read back possible rifle 
… 
1:04 (JAG25): Kirk we notice that, but you know how it is with ROEs, so we have to be careful with those, ROE's *broken radio chatter* 
… 
1:04 (Sensor): sounds like they need more than possible 
… 
A MAM is a military aged male and an ROE a rule of engagement. These guys are figuring out that they should come up with more than the possibility of a gun before blowing up this convoy. 
1:05 (JAG25): copy, slasher03 1:05 (Sensor): that truck would make a beautiful target, ok that's a Chevy suburban 
1:05 (Pilot): yeah, 
… 
Beautiful. 
1:07 (MC): screener said at least one child near SUV 1:07 (Sensor): bull (expletive deleted)…where!? 
1:07 (Sensor): send me a (expletive deleted) still, I don't think they have kids out at this hour, I know they're shady but come on 
1:07 (Pilot): at least one child… Really? Listing the MAM, uh, that means he's guilty 
1:07 (Sensor): well maybe a teenager but I haven't seen anything that looked that short, granted they're all grouped up here, but. 
… 
The eagerness to spot a gun is just not matched by eagerness to spot a child. And having a child on the road with his or her family early in the morning is taken as a sign of evil deeds. Or if the child is a military aged male (later defined as having an age in the 'double digits”) that is taken as 'guilt.” Guilt is the language of a court. Drone piloting has often been discussed as law enforcement, although it violates numerous laws and does not enforce any. 
1:07 (Pilot): Yeah review that (expletive deleted)…why didn't he say possible child, why are they so quick to call (expletive deleted) kids but not to call (expletive deleted) a rifle 
1:08 (MC): two children were at the rear of the SUV… I haven't seen two children 
… 
1:09 (Sensor): little bit of movement by the SUV. I really doubt that children call, man I really (expletive deleted) hate that. 
… 
1:10 (MC): is this the child entering the rear of the SUV? 
1:10 (Sensor): they're moving, I'll stay with the pickup truck 
… 
1:11 (Pilot): they just threw someone into the back of that truck, and were like, wrestling with somebody did you see that? 
1:11 (Senor):Yeah I saw those two dudes wrestling. 
1:11 (Pilot): they probably are really using (expletive deleted) human shields here, that's probably what that is. 
… 
Here is an incredible case of believing ones own propaganda. People are here imagined to be forcing victims into their trucks in order to use them as 'human shields,” a phenomenon as ill conceived in U.S. culture as 'voter fraud.” 
1:21 (Pilot):yeah, exactly man. So what's the, we passed him potential children and potential shields, and I think those are both pretty accurate now, what's the ROE on that? 
1:21 (Sensor): Ground commander assessing proportionality, distinction 
… 
And here we are back to eye-of-the-murderer medieval 'just war” theory in which someone pretends to determine that killing a certain number of children would be 'proportionally” acceptable, although no empirical test of such a thing has ever been devised, and President Obama claims that no shots are fired by his drone warriors without 'near certainty” that no civilians will be harmed. You can't calculate how many civilians are acceptable to kill AND claim that you're certain of not killing any. 
01:32 (Sensor): Wonder what these other dudes at this compound are doing. Picked‐up at third vehicle on their train. 
01:33 (MC): Guilty by association. 
… 
I suppose they know that's not a legal term. 
01:48 (Pilot): JAG25 just want to confirm that you copied we have about 20 pax dismounted, they are outside the trucks praying at this time and we're 3 1⁄2 miles from the friendly location. 
… 
01:48 (Sensor): … Praying? I mean seriously, that's what they do. 
01:48 (MC): They're gonna do something nefarious. 
… 
When I was very briefly in Afghanistan I didn't meet anyone who didn't pray. I also didn't meet anyone who did anything nefarious. I have also never heard a presidential speech in which President Obama explains that he targets people who pray. 
01:50 (MC): Adolescent near the rear of the SUV. 
01:50 (Sensor): Well, teenagers can fight. 
01:50 (MC): Pick up a weapon and you're a combatant, it's how that works. 
… 
Got that? 
01:52 (Sensor): Oh sweet target. I'd try to go through the bed, put it right dead center of the bed. 
01:53 (MC): Oh that'd be perfect. 
01:52 (Sensor): Like more of them from the other vehicles are around this one right now. 
… 
Such cool, level headed reluctance to use excessive force is no doubt what we would hear in police videos as well. 
01:54 (Sensor): MAM near SUV appear to be holding a weapon. 
01:54 (Jag25): Roger, still awaiting confirmation. 
01:54 (Pilot): JAG25 be advised, our screener just called 1 MAM near the SUV in the line of 3, appears to be holding a weapon. 
… 
01:56 (MC) :one weapon on ground may have picked it up and walking around the pickup. 
01:56 (Sensor): I didn't quite catch that but I believe it. 
… 
I didn't see it either. Should I believe it too? 
02:29 (Pilot): Can't wait till this actually happens, with all this coordination and *expletive* 
(agreement noises from crew) 
02:29 (Pilot): Thanks for the help, you're doing a good job relaying everything in (muffled), MC. Appreciate it 
… 
02:48 (Sensor): Still a sweet *expletive* target, geez….Take out the lead vehicle on the run and then uhh bring the helos in 
… 
02:54 (MC): Looks like they're bringing a Reaper in 
… 
02:54 (Sensor): *Expletive*that, man 
02:54 (MC): just claim we're here first 
02:54 (MC): At least we know these guys have weapons 
02:55 (Muffled talking off comms, some profanity, a chuckle) 
… 
Laughing and eagerness to be the one to pull the trigger. 
02:58 (Sensor): Hey, that dude just put a weapon down right above the truck. See it? 
02:59 (Pilot): See it. See if DGS will call that 
… 
DGS is an office that is supposed to approve before eager pilots push the button. A veteran in National Bird describes routinely trying to restrain the eagerness of pilots at Creech Air Force Base to kill. 
03:01 (Sensor): Aww where is he going? Just pulling off the road maybe. They probably mostly left their weapons in the vehicles. I'll be damned, it looks like a short dude back there. 
… 
No weapons? They must be inside. A child? It must be a short dude. 
03:05 (Pilot): Jag 25 standby one. Kirk 97, we're checking. Looks mostly to be military aged males. We have seen approximately two children. Standby. 
03:05 (Pilot): Dude the only thing I can see if this isn't something [expletive deleted]is the locals trying to get away. You know what I mean? But I don't think so. 
… 
Here a pilot surmises the situation accurately but chooses not to believe it. 
03:06 (Sensor): 24 or 25 at the praying stop. 
03:07 (Sensor): CLASSIFIED view I saw the one that looked short enough to be a child. 
… 
03:08 (Pilot): And Jag 25, our screeners are currently calling 21 MAMs no females, and 2 possible children. How copy? 
03:08 (JAG25): Roger. And when we say children, are we talking teenagers or toddlers? 
03:08 (Sensor): I would say about twelve. Not toddlers. Something more towards adolescents or teens. 
03:08 (Pilot): Yeah adolescents 
… 
03:10 (Pilot): And Kirk 97, good copy on that. We are with you. Our screener updated only one adolescent so that's one double digit age range. How Copy? 
03:10 (JAG25): We'll pass that along to the ground force commander. But like I said, 12‐13 years old with a weapon is just as dangerous. 
03:11 (Sensor): Oh we agree. Yea. 
… 
04:05 (Pilot) : Yeah. Alright, so the plan is man, uh, we're going to watch this thing go down, the helo's are going to take out as much as they can and when they Winchester we can play clean up. 
… 
04:07 (Pilot) : As long as you keep somebody that we can shoot in the field of view I'm happy. 
… 
Happy! It's good to stay positive about your job! Everybody knows that. 
04:09 (Pilot) : Yeah, well that's what we were talking on this. I was talking to the JTAC he said the exact same thing man. Um they called them an adolescent. We called it you know… most likely double digits age range. And he was like that's old enough to be dangerous. 
… 
04:13 (Pilot): It's a cool looking shot 
04:13 (Sensor): O, awesome

ARTICLE

Lincoln 
October 31, 2016 – STANDING ROCK SIOUX TRIBE CONTINUES TO DEAL WITH ONSLAUGHT BY LAW ENFORCEMENT CANNON BALL, NORTH DAKOTA 
As tensions remain high from Thursday's violent assault from law enforcement, those in camp remain dedicated to ensuring the Dakota Access Pipeline is exposed for its disregard for the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe's sacred and cultural sites. Lincoln 
Oct 31, 2016 Huge North Dakota Spill Proves #NoDAPL Activists Right for Fighting Pipeline 
This spill is part of the reason. Imagine, if you will, tens of thousands of gallons of oil pouring into the river that provides the drinking water for over 10 million people. Would you want to drink it? or swim in it? or eat anything from it? Daniel 'No Passport” Bruno 
These pictures showing Humvees in desert paint are worth a thousand words. Military equipment on the scene, against Native Americans…on Obama's watch. And Leonard Peltier continues to rot in jail after 40 years…no pardon for him. Good work, Robert Barsocchini. Donate

ARTICLE

The Oil-Gas War Over Syria, in Maps Eric Zuesse Turkey's Anadolu News Agency, though government-run, is providing remarkably clear and reliable diagrammatic descriptions of the current status of the U.S-and-fundamentalist-Sunni, versus Russia-and-Shia-and-NON-fundamentalist-Sunni, sides, in the current oil-and-gas war in the Middle East, for control over territory in Syria, for construction of oil-and-gas pipelines through Syria supplying fuel into the world's largest energy-market: Europe. Russia is now the dominant supplier of both oil and gas, but its ally Iran is a Shiite gas-powerhouse that wants to share the market there, and Russia has no objection. Qatar is a Sunni gas-powerhouse and wants to become the main supplier of gas there, and Saudi Arabia is a Sunni oil-powerhouse, which wants to become the major supplier of oil, but Saudi oil and Qatari gas would be pipelined through secular-controlled (Assad's) Syria, and this is why the U.S. and its fundamentalist-Sunni allies, the Sauds, and Qataris, are using Al Qaeda and other jihadists to conquer enough of a strip through Syria so that U.S. companies such as Halliburton will be able safely to place pipelines there, to be marketed in Europe by U.S. firms such as Exxon. Iran also wants to pipeline its gas through Syria, and this is one reason why Iran is defending Syria's government, against the U.S.-Saudi-Qatari-jihadist invasion, which is trying to overthrow and replace Assad. Here are the most-informative of Anadolu's war-maps: The first presents the effort by many countries to eliminate ISIS control over the large Iraqi city of Mosul. A remarkably frank remark made in this map is 'An escape corridor into Syria will be left for Daesh [ISIS] so they can vacate Mosul”— an admission that the U.S.-Saudi-Qatari team want the ISIS jihadists who are in Mosul to relocate into Syria to assist the U.S.-Saudi-Qatari effort there to overthrow and replace the Assad government: The second is about the Egyptian government's trying to assist the Syrian government's defense against the Saudi-U.S.-Qatari invasion of Syria, at Aleppo, where Syria's Al Qaeda branch is trying to retain its current control over part of that large city. The Saud family are punishing the Egyptian government for that: Here is Russia's proposed gas-pipeline, which would enable Russia to reduce its dependence upon Ukraine (through which Russia currently pipelines its gas into Europe). Obama conquered and took over Ukraine in February 2014 via his coup that overthrew the democratically elected neutralist Ukrainian President there : In addition, there is the following map from oil-price.com : That map shows the competing Shia (Russia-backed) and Sunni (U.S.-backed) gas-pipelines into Europe — the central issue in the invasion and defense of Syria. On 21 September 2016, Gareth Porter headlined 'The War Against the Assad Regime Is Not a 'Pipeline War',” and he pointed out some errors in Robert F. Kennedy Jr.'s account that had been published under the headline 'Syria: Another Pipeline War” . Porter argued: 'It's easy to understand why that explanation would be accepted by many anti-war activists: it is in line with the widely accepted theory that all the US wars in the Middle East have been 'oil wars' — about getting control of the petroleum resources of the region and denying them to America's enemies. But the 'pipeline war' theory is based on false history and it represents a distraction from the real problem of US policy in the Middle East — the US war state's determination to hold onto its military posture in the region.” Porter ignored the key question there, as to why 'the US war state” has a 'determination to hold onto its military posture in the region.” Opening and protecting potential oil-gas-pipeline routes are important reasons why. Clearly, Kennedy's documentation that the CIA was trying as early as 1949 to overthrow Syria's secular government so as to allow to the Sauds a means of cheaply transporting their oil through Syria into Europe, remains unaffected by any of the objections that Porter raised to Kennedy's article. The recent portion of Kennedy's timeline is affected, but not his basic argument. Furthermore, any military strategist knows that 'the US war state” is intimately connected to the U.S. oil-and-gas industries, including pipelines ('oilfield services”) as well as marketing (Exxon etc.). And Porter got entirely wrong what that connection (which he ignored) actually consists of: it consists of U.S. government taxpayer-funded killers for those U.S. international corporations. Here is how Barack Obama put it , when addressing graduating cadets at West Point, America's premier military-training institution: Russia's aggression toward former Soviet states unnerves capitals in Europe, while China's economic rise and military reach worries its neighbors. From Brazil to India, rising middle classes compete with us, and governments seek a greater say in global forums. And even as developing nations embrace democracy and market economies, 24-hour news and social media makes it impossible to ignore the continuation of sectarian conflicts and failing states and popular uprisings that might have received only passing notice a generation ago. It will be your generation's task to respond to this new world. The question we face, the question each of you will face, is not whether America will lead, but how we will lead — not just to secure our peace and prosperity, but also extend peace and prosperity around the globe. He was saying there that America's military is in service to U.S.-based international corporations in their competition against those of Russia, Brazil, China, India, and anywhere else in which 'rising middle classes compete with us.” Those places are what Gareth Porter referred to as 'America's enemies.” Economic competitors are 'enemies.” Obama thinks that way, and even a progressive journalist such as Porter doesn't place into a skeptical single-quotation-mark-surround, the phrase 'America's enemies' when that phrase is used in this equational context. On both the right (Obama) and the left (Porter), the equation of a government and of the international corporations that headquarter in its nation — the treatment of the military as being an enforcement-arm for the nation's international corporations — is simply taken for granted, not questioned, not challenged. RFK Jr. was correct, notwithstanding some recent timeline-errors. Syria is 'Another Pipeline War,” and Obama is merely intensifying it. (On 9 November 2015, I offered a different account than RFK Jr. provided of the recent history — the Obama portion — of the longstanding U.S. aggression against Syria; and it links back to Jonathan Marshall's excellent articles on that, and to other well-sourced articles, in addition to primary sources, none of which contradict RFK Jr.'s basic view, 'Syria: Another Pipeline War.”). Another portion of Porter's commentary is, however, quite accurate: America's 'Defense' (or mass-killing-abroad) industries (such as Lockheed Martin) are not merely servants of the U.S. government, but are also served by the U.S. government: 'the US war state's determination to hold onto its military posture in the region” is protection of the major market — the Middle Eastern market — for U.S. 'Defense' products and services. It's not only America's firms in the oil, gas, and pipelines, industries, which benefit from America's military; it is also America's firms in the mass-killing industries, that do. To the extent that the public (here including Barack Obama and Gareth Porter) do not condemn the presumption that 'the business of America is business,” or that a valid function of U.S.-taxpayer-funded military and other foreign-affairs operations is to serve the stockholders of U.S. international corporations, the hell (such as in Syria) will continue. Gareth Porter got lost among the trees because he failed to see (and to point to) that forest.

ARTICLE

Posted on November 4, 2016 by Eric Zuesse. Eric Zuesse, originally posted at strategic-culture.org The power above the U.S. Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) is the U.S. Attorney General, and, above that person, the U.S. President. That's whom the FBI actually serves — not the U.S. public. This is the reason why the FBI is having such internal tensions and dissensions over the investigation of Hillary Clinton: Not only is she the current President's ardently preferred and designated successor — and overwhelmingly supported also by America's artistocracy and endorsed by the aristocracy's press — but the top leadership of the FBI have terms-in-office that (unlike, for example, the term of the U.S. Attorney General) do not end with the installation of the next President; and these people will therefore be serving, quite possibly, the very same person whom they are now 'investigating'. This is the reason why James Comey, the FBI's Director, let Clinton totally off the hook on July 5th, when he declined to present the case to a grand jury: he and the rest of the FBI's top management violated three basic principles of trying white-collar-crime cases when a prosecutor is serious about wanting to prosecute and obtain a conviction against a person — he (and they) wanted to keep their jobs, not be fighting their boss and their likely future boss. If America were an authentic democracy, there would be a way for the FBI to serve the public even when the U.S. President doesn't want it to. According to the only scientific study that has ever been done of the matter, the U.S. federal government is a dictatorship not a democracy. This was reluctantly reported by the researchers, whose own careers are dependent upon the aristocracy which they were finding actually controls that government. They found that the U.S., at the federal level, is not a democracy but an 'oligarchy,” by which the researchers were referring to an 'economic elite,” America's billionaires and centi-millionaires who control America's international corporations and the 'charities' (such as think tanks) that are dependent upon them — including many that directly affect U.S. politics, such as the think tanks or other way-stations for former U.S. government employees to become hired by private firms. The authors of the only empirical scientific research-study that has been done of whether the United States is a democracy , or instead a dictatorship, excluded the very term 'aristocracy” (or 'collective dictatorship” such as an 'economic elite” is if that 'elite” actually is in control of the given nation's government) from their article. They did this so as for the meaning not to be clear to the U.S. public. In any country in the modern world where an aristocracy exists, aristocrats nowadays try to hide their power, not (like in former eras) display their power by crowns and other public symbols of 'the nobility'. The closest the study's authors came to using that term, 'aristocracy,” was their only sentence that employed the pejoritave term for an aristocracy, 'oligarchy.” That obscure lone sentence was: 'Jeffrey Winters has posited a comparative theory of 'Oligarchy,' in which the wealthiest citizens — even in a 'civil oligarchy' like the United States — dominate policy concerning crucial issues of wealth and income protection.11″ Their 11th footnote made clear that they were referring here to the book Oligarchy , by Jeffrey A. Winters, which stated the 'theory' that this article had actually just confirmed in the American case. Their article mentioned the book — and the 'oligarchy” — only in this one footnote, so that the authors of the article (whose own careers are dependent upon America's 'oligarchs') won't be able to be accused by oligarchs (or in any way thought by their own financial benefactors — America's aristocrats) to have called the U.S. an 'oligarchy” (a collective dictatorship by the few super-rich and their agents). To apply either term — 'aristocracy” or 'oligarchy” — to one's own country, is now viewed as negative, an insult to the country's controlling elite. Neither scholars nor scholarly publishers wish to insult the people who ultimately are their top funders. This article was written in the standard unnecessarily obscurantist style of social 'scientists' who want to be comprehensible only to their peers and not to the general public. Doing it this way is safer for them, because it makes extremely unlikely that their own benefactors would retaliate, against them or else against the institutions that hire them, by withdrawing their continued financial and promotional support (such as by no longer having them invited onto CNN as an 'expert”). (This type of fear prevents theory in the social 'sciences' from being strictly based upon the given field's empirical findings: it's not authentically scientific. The physical sciences are far less corrupt, far more scientific. The biological sciences are in-between.) One particular reason why the authors never called the people who control the U.S. government an 'aristocracy,” is that everyone knows that the Founders of the U.S. were opposed to , and were engaged in overthrowing, the existing aristocracy, which happened to be British, and that they even banned forever in the U.S. the use of aristocratic titles, such as 'Lord” or 'Sir.” Consequently, within the U.S., the only term that the aristocrats consider acceptable to refer to aristocrats, is 'oligarchs,” which always refers only to aristocrats in foreign countries , and so is considered safe by the aristocrats' writers (including scholars and political pundits) to use. Everyone knows: in accord with the clear intention of America's Founders , the U.S. should eliminate from its citizenry any aristocrat (any self-enclosed and legally immune group that holds power over the government), but Americans naturally accept the existence of 'oligarchs” in other countries (and 'good-riddance to them there”), typically the ones in countries U.S. foreign policy opposes and often overthrows by means of coup or outright military invasion (any form of conquest, such as in 2003 Iraq, or 2011 Libya). It's fine to refer to other countries' aristocracies as 'oligarchies', because any such foreign aristocracy can therefore be declared to be bad and 'deserving' of overthrow. Thus, any aristocracy that is opposed to America's aristocracy (especially one that's opposed to being controlled by the U.S. aristocracy), and which wants to be controlling instead their own independent nation, can acceptably be overthrown by coup (such as Ukraine 2014 was) or invasion (such as Libya 2011 was). Thus, calling a foreign aristocracy an 'oligarchy” is supportive of, not oppposed to, the U.S. aristocracy — and, so, 'oligarchy” is the term the authors used (on that one occasion, and they never used the prohibited term 'aristocracy”). Nonetheless, despite the cultural ban on describing the U.S. as an 'aristocracy,” the authors were — as obscurely as they were able — proving that the U.S. is an aristocracy, no authentic democracy at all. Or, again, as they said it in their least-obscurantist phrasing of it: 'Economic Elite Domination theories do rather well in our analysis, even though our findings probably understate the political influence of elites. Our measure of the preferences of wealthy or elite Americans — though useful, and the best we could generate for a large set of policy cases — is probably less consistent with the relevant preferences than are our measures of the views of ordinary citizens or the alignments of engaged interest groups. Yet we found substantial estimated effects even when using this imperfect measure. The real-world impact of elites upon public policy may be still greater.” 'Greater' than what? They didn't say. That's because what they were saying (as obscurely as possible) is that it's probably 'greater' than is shown in the data that was publicly available to them, and upon which data their clear finding is that the U.S. is an aristocracy, no democracy at all. Or, as they also put it: 'Economic Elite Domination theories do rather well in our analysis.” But, actually, 'Economic Elite Domination theories” (virtually all of which come down to positing an aristocracy that consists of the billionaires — and centi-millionaires — and their corporations, and their think tanks, and their lobbyists, etc.) did phenomenally well, in their findings, not just 'rather well' — they simply can't safely say this. Saying it is samizdat, in the U.S. dictatorship. They were allowed to prove it, but not to say it. So, that's what they did. They didn't want to 'upset the applecart” from which they themselves are feeding. The simplest (but no less accurate) way of stating their finding is: the U.S., at least during the period the researchers probed, which was 1981-2002, was an aristocracy, no democracy at all. The U.S., in other words, was (even prior to the infamous Citizens United Supreme Court decision, which is making the aristocracy even more concentrated among even fewer people) a country of men (and women — that's to say, of individuals ) not of laws; it's a dictatorship, in short; it is not a country 'of laws, not of men” . America's Founders have finally lost. The country has been taken over by an aristocracy. And one of those 'men” now, is actually Hillary Clinton, even though she is no longer officially holding governmental power. They know she soon might be. That's why, the FBI cannot really, and seriously , investigate her. It's not for legal reasons at all. It's because of whom she is. In fact, purely on the basis of U.S. laws, she clearly ought to be in prison . Any honest lawyer, inside or outside the FBI, has long known this, because the actual case against her is 'slam-dunk' , even though the FBI has refused to investigate it and has limited its 'investigation' only to peripheral 'national security' issues. (The #2 person at FBI, Deputy Director Andrew McCabe, right below Director James Comey, specified this limitation to his 'investigators'. They simply weren't allowed to investigate her, except on the hardest-to-prove crimes that she probably but not definitely did also do. The slam-dunks were just off-limits to them. McCabe's wife's political campaign had received $675,000 from the PAC of Terry McAuliffe , a close friend of the Clintons, who chaired Hillary's 2008 Presidential campaign. And, even on the harder-to-prove matters, which FBI Director Comey declined on July 5th to pursue, they stood a strong chance of winning, if only Comey hadn't prevented their moving forward to try — but those issues are tangential to the basic case against her, anyway.) There are at least six federal criminal laws which accurately and unquestionably describe even what Ms. Clinton has now publicly admitted having done by her privatized email system, and intent isn't even mentioned in most of them nor necessary in order for her to be convicted — the actions themselves convict her, and the only relevance that intent might have, regarding any of these laws, would be in determining how long her prison sentence would be. I have already presented the texts of these six laws (and you can see the sentences for each one, right there), and any reader can easily recognize that each one of them describes, unambiguously without any doubt, what she now admits having done. Most of these crimes don't require any intent in order to convict (and the ones that do require intent are only 'knowingly … conceals,” or else 'with the intent to impair the object's … use in an official proceeding,” both of which 'intents” would be easy to prove on the basis of what has already been made public — but others of these laws don't require even that); and none of them requires any classified information to have been involved, at all . It's just not an issue in these laws. Thus, conviction under them is far easier. If a prosecutor is really seeking to convict someone, he'll be aiming to get indictments on the easiest-to-prove charges, first. That also presents for the prosecutor the strongest position in the event of an eventual plea-bargain. As Alan Dershowitz said , commenting on one famous prosecution: 'They also wanted a slam-dunk case. They wanted the strongest possible case.” Comey simply didn't; he wanted the hardest -to-convict case. His presentation was a brazen hoax. That's all. That's the real scandal, and nobody (other than I) has been writing about it as what it is — a hoax. But what it shows is that maybe the only way that Clinton will be able to avoid going to prison is by her going to the White House. Either she gets a term in the White House, or else she gets a (much longer) term in prison — or else our government is so thoroughly corrupt that she remains free as a private citizen and still above the law, even though not serving as a federal official. Even if she is convicted only on these six slam-dunk statutes (and on none other, including not on the ones that Comey was referring to when he said on July 5th that, 'Although there is evidence of potential violations of the statutes regarding the handling of classified information, our judgment is that no reasonable prosecutor would bring such a case”), she could be sentenced to a maximum of 73 years in prison (73 = 5 + 5 + 20 + 20 + 3 + 10 + 10). Adding on others she might also have committed (such as the ones that Comey was referring to, all of which pertain only to the handling of classified information), would mean that her term in prison might be lengthier still, but what's important in the email case isn't that; it's to convict her on, essentially, theft and/or destruction of U.S. government documents by means of transferring them into her private email and/or smashing hard drives. No one, not even a U.S. federal official, can legally do that, and those six laws are specifically against it. Motive is important in Ms. Clinton's email case, because motive tells us why she was trying to hide from historians and from the public her operations as the U.S. Secretary of State: was it because she didn't want them to know that she was selling to the Sauds and her other friends the U.S. State Department's policies in return for their million-dollar-plus donations to the Clinton Foundation , and maybe even selling to them (and/or their cronies) U.S. government contracts, or why? However, those are questions regarding other crimes that she might have been perpetrating while in public office, not the crimes of her privatized email operation itself; and those other crimes (whatever they might have been) would have been explored only after an indictment on the slam-dunks, and for further possible prosecutions, if President Obama's people were serious about investigating her. They weren't. Clearly, this is selective 'justice'. That's the type of 'justice' an aristocracy imposes. Why, then, did Comey finally switch to re-open the Clinton case? It wasn't merely the discovery of some of her previously unknown emails on the computer of Anthony Wiener, husband to Hillary's closest aide Huma Abedin. As Politico on October 28th reported , 'Another former Justice official said Comey's letter [announcing the re-opening of Hillary's case] could be part of an effort on his part to quiet internal FBI critics who viewed him as burying the Clinton probe for political reasons. 'He's come under a lot of criticism from his own people for how he's handled this. He's trying to gain back some of their respect,' former Justice Department spokeswoman Emily Pierce said. 'His ability to do what he does largely depends on the respect within his own ranks.'” Joachim Hagopian at Global Research headlined on October 30th, 'The Real Reasons Why FBI Director James Comey Reopened the Hillary Email Investigation” , and reported: 'Former federal attorney for the District of Columbia Joe diGenova spelled it all out in a WMAL radio interview last Friday just hours after the news was released that Comey had sent a letter informing Congress that the case is being reopened. DiGenova said that with an open revolt brewing inside the FBI, Comey was forced to go public on Friday with reopening the investigation. … Finally, diGenova dropped one more bombshell in Friday's interview. An inside source has revealed to him that the laptops belonging to key Clinton aides Cheryl Mills and Heather Samuelson, both wrongly granted immunity , were not destroyed after all as previously reported, but have been secretly kept intact by investigating FBI agents refusing to destroy incriminating evidence as part of the in-house whitewash.” In other words: Comey was between a rock (the resignation-letters piling up on his desk from subordinates who felt that no person should be above the law) and a hard place (his ability to stay on at the FBI and not have a scandal against himself bleed out to the public from down below). The U.S. wasn't yet that kind of dictatorship — one which could withstand such a public disclosure. In order for it to become one, the aristocracy's control would have needed to be even stronger than it yet is. Also on the 30th, Ed Klein in Britain's Dail Mail bannered : EXCLUSIVE: Resignation letters piling up from disaffected FBI agents, his wife urging him to admit he was wrong: Why Director Comey jumped at the chance to reopen Hillary investigation James Comey revived the investigation of Clinton's email server as he could no longer resist mounting pressure by mutinous agents, sources say The atmosphere at the FBI has been toxic ever since Jim [Comey] announced last July that he wouldn't recommend an indictment against Hillary He told his wife that he was depressed by the stack of resignation letters piling up on his desk from disaffected agents So, does this now mean that, finally, the FBI will bring before a grand jury the evidence that Hillary Clinton blatantly violated those six federal criminal laws against stealing and/or trying to destroy federal documents? There has never — at least since 1981 — been so severe a test of the extent to which this nation is (as those researchers found it to have unquestionably been between 1981 and 2002) an 'oligarchy.” However, a serious criminal prosecution of Ms. Clinton would potentially start an unwinding of this dictatorship. The present writer will make no prediction. However, obviously, the results of the election on November 8th will certainly have an enormous impact upon the outcome. Since I think that anyone but a complete fool can recognize this much, I'm confident enough to assert it — a conditional about the future.

ARTICLE

Posted on November 4, 2016 by Charles Hugh Smith 
The overwhelming consensus of the punditry across the political spectrum is that 'Nothing Good Can Come of This Election”–and that's a very good thing. The handwringing goes like this: The country is deeply divided by schisms that cannot be bridged, every institution from the two parties to the mainstream media to the Department of Justice has been tarnished by cover-ups, collusion or worse; whomever wins the election will enter the presidency without a mandate, and so on. 
Why is 'nothing good can come of this” good? Because ridding the nation of its political corruption will require hitting bottom. 
Just as an alcoholic or drug addict is incapable of making any truly positive changes until he/she hits absolute bottom, so it is with our tolerance of a corrupt political system that is poisoning the nation, one injection of corrupt cash, collusion and pay-to-play at a time. 
If our rotten-to-the-core politics as usual is indeed flying off the cliff to complete destruction, that is an unalloyed good. 
Just as alcoholics continue down their self-destructive path with the aid of enablers, so too has the corrupt political order expanded with the aid of the Mainstream Media, insiders in the Department of Justice, K Street lobbyists and a veritable army of well-paid lackeys, pundits, academics, apparatchiks and assorted toadies in the organs of governance and in the big-money private sector and philanthro-capitalist dynasties of pay-to-play foundations. 
The only way anything will truly change in the political order is if every Establishment insider politico loses every election, from the presidency to dogcatcher. Nothing will change until the mere existence of a private foundation like the Clinton Foundation triggers a landslide loss for the politico with ties to such corruption. 
Nothing will change until the collusion of the mainstream media (supplying the insider candidate with debate questions, etc.) alone causes the colluding candidate to lose by a landslide. 
Nothing will change until candidates who refuse to accept any donation larger than $100 from anyone or any entity beat the Goldman Sachs/Saudi prince-funded insider candidates by a landslide. 
Nothing will change until candidates who fund costly negative TV advertising campaigns with millions in pay-to-play 'contributions” from Goldman Sachs et al. lose by a landslide. 
You get the point: we the citizens and voters have to stop being enablers of systemic corruption. We have to stop being bamboozled by insiders with promises of 'hope and change” and the usual negative TV blitzes funded by corrupt big money. 
It's easy to blame lax campaign laws or the corrupted candidates and their insider toadies, but ultimately we're responsible for enabling corruption, collusion, pay-for-play and a political and financial Elite that's above the law. 
From the point of view of the corrupted, colluding insiders, MSM flunkies, Department of Justice lackeys and well-paid parrot-pundits, nothing good can come from this election because half the voters may actually cast off the shackles of the nation's corrupt and corrupting political and financial Elites. 
This mass rejection of the politics as usual of corrupt and corrupting political and financial Elites is the highest possible good –a public good that eludes the hand-wringing corrupt insiders, pundits and toadies who have sucked up fortunes from the trough of putrid systemic corruption.

ARTICLE

Posted on November 4, 2016 by DavidSwanson 
In a time of division and disagreement, when people who all agree on something important sometimes spend more time bickering with each other than working on their collective cause, is it possible to craft an agenda that brings them together and adds to their numbers? 
It turns out, somewhat to my surprise, the answer is yes. 
I discovered this by creating a petition that has very quickly been endorsed by RootsAction, the Future of Freedom Foundation, World Beyond War, the Libertarian Institute, DailyKos, Black Vietnam Veterans of Atlanta, Progressive Democrats of America, Veterans For Peace Chicago Chapter, Nuclear Age Peace Foundation, Code Pink, Massachusetts Peace Action, Maryland United for Peace & Justice, Upstate Ground the Drones and End the Wars, Pax Christi Seed Planters, The War and Law League, Environmentalists Against War, the PDA Reno Chapter, Voters Occupy, Bryn Mawr Peace Coalition, Vietnam Echos, Spokane Veterans for Peace, Benedictines for Peace of Erie PA, Tyneside East Timor Solidarity, Palouse Peace Coalition, Helfenstein Soup Council, Timothy Dawkins El Project, Green Party of Collin County, Brian Boortz Public Relations, A Green Road, We The People for Democracy, Peaceworkers of San Francisco CA, Green Party of Spokane County, Montrose Peace Vigil, Ecumenical Peace Institute, Pax Christi Southern California, Veteran for Peace 72, Peaceful Skies, Granny Peace Brigade Philadelphia, The Clueit Foundation, Office of the Americas, Veterans For Peace of Western Pennsylvania, Presentation Sisters Justice Commission, Women Against War, Farmington Maine Friends Meeting, Secular Student Alliance at LaGuardia Community College, Faith & Social Justice Alliance Dayton Ohio, The Oracle Institute & Peace Pentagon HUB, Peace Action Maine, Mt. Diablo Peace and Justice Center, Northeast Philly for Peace & Justice, Citizens International, National Department of Peacebuilding Committee through the Peace, White Rabbit Grove RDNA, North American Climate Conservation and Environment, The Grey Nuns of the Sacred Heart, Colonie des Pionniers de Developpement, Malu 'Aina Center for Nonviolent Education & Action, the Carpe Diem Voice, Women's International League for Peace and Freedom Corvallis, Mindfulness in Education, Brandywine Peace Community, Article V Convention for Our Children's Future, and the Liberty Tree Foundation for the Democratic Revolution. 
Yes, some of those groups I've never heard of. A few of them may consist of three guys with misspelled signs who've been standing on a lonely street corner so long their town has planted bushes around them. But that's sort of the point. A unifying effort should revive old organizations and give birth to new ones. It should also be uncomfortably large, bringing together people who want completely different policies on other issues but agree on this one. 
So, what is it that the above organizations and 17,241 individuals thus far agree on? This: 
Tell the next president: No more war! 
Please sign this petition to the 45th President of the United States: 
We call on you to end perpetual war by the United States Government. As signers of this petition, we commit ourselves to building nonviolent pressure to end continual U.S. warfare. We also reject our country's bloated military spending and massive arms sales that make the USA the world's leading arms trafficker by a huge margin. 
Sign as organization for which you are authorized to sign . 
Importantly, this is a statement to whoever becomes U.S. president next year. It might be someone you considered a lesser evil or a wonderful national leader. It might be someone you believed would adopt a peaceful policy without any public pressure required. Or it might be someone you recognized would require a massive movement to restrain them from destroying the earth. It doesn't matter. You believe that representative government requires that people communicate how they want to be represented. You believe that peace is possible and preferable. You are in that strong majority of the U.S. public that believes the wars of the past 15 years have made us less safe, and you want to end them. 
Also importantly — for both better and worse — this petition avoids the details of any particular war. Once a particular war is mentioned, many people expect a petition to be fairly lengthy, to list all the causes of the war, to mention all the criminals and profiteers on every side of the war, to stipulate exact relative levels of blame for each party involved, and to advocate for particular policies aimed at establishing justice. Yes, some of that will be necessary work. But it is also critical that we confront the problem illustrated by the sheer number of U.S. wars now raging and by the evil industry of weapons dealing that fuels so many sides of so many wars around the world. 
If the U.S. and lesser arms dealers can be brought to abandon their deadly trade, if the wars can be ended and resisted, each in its turn, opportunities and resources will open up for positive approaches. But clearly the first two steps are (1) recognizing we have a problem, and (2) ceasing to make it worse. The panicked cries of two years ago to 'Do something!” about ISIS (where 'something” meant: bomb people) has predictably (and many of us did predict it) made everything worse. And the general public, not just the full-time activists, knows it . 
There will be new opportunities to expand this coalition post-election and post-inauguration. But we should not miss the opportunity to spread it and expand it and make it known now as a movement of nonpartisan principled advocacy for peace. This entry was posted in General . Bookmark the permalink .

ARTICLE

Posted on November 4, 2016 by Eric Zuesse. By Paul Antonopoulos, originally published at almasdarnews.com , on 5 November 2016 
23 year old Munir al-Adam has been sentenced to death for alleged 'attacks on police” during protests in the predominately Shi'ite Eastern Province of Saudi Arabia in late 2011. 
Al-Adam is partly blind and was already partially deaf at the time when the Saudi forces arrested him, however, he is now fully deaf in one ear because of police brutality while in custody. 
Al-Adam's family say his confession to any crime was extracted under torture. 
'Munir Adam's appalling case illustrates how the Saudi authorities are all too happy to subject the most vulnerable people to the swordsman's blade – including juveniles and people with disabilities,” said Reprieve's Death Penalty Team Director Maya Foa. 
'Like so many others, Munir was arrested for allegedly attending protests, and tortured into a 'confession' – he was beaten so badly that he lost his hearing. It's a scandal that Munir now faces beheading on the basis of a bogus statement that he has since recanted,” she added. 
Saudi Arabia has recently been re-elected to the United Nations Human Rights Council.

ARTICLE

Black Box Voting 's Bev Harris explains the following 24 minute video : 
A real-time demo of the most devastating election theft mechanism yet found, with context and explanation. Demonstration uses a real voting system and real vote databases and takes place in seconds across multiple jurisdictions. 
Over 5000 subcontractors and middlemen have the access to perform this for any or all clients. It can give contract signing authority to whoever the user chooses. All political power can be converted to the hands of a few anonymous subcontractors. 
'It's a product. It's scaleable. It learns its environment and can adjust to any political environment, any demographic. It runs silently, invisibly, and can produce plausible results that really pass for the real thing.” 
Provides solutions and actions for immediate deterrence. 
The Onion's 2-minute satire of this ongoing condition : 
My best frame of this obvious condition: 
When Americans are told an election is defined by touching a computer screen without a countable receipt that can be verified, they are being told a criminal lie to allow election fraud . This is self-evident, but Princeton , Stanford , and the President of the American Statistical Association are among the leaders pointing to the obvious (and here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here ). Again, no professional would/can argue an election is legitimate when there is nothing for anyone to count. 
Election fraud is one of ~100 Emperor's New Clothes game-changing and professionally documented facts that reveal ongoing .01% empire with associated crimes. The Crimes The US is a literal rogue state empire led by neocolonial looting liars. The history is uncontested and taught to anyone taking comprehensive courses. If anyone has any refutations of this professional academic factual claim for any of this easy-to-read and documented content , please provide it. US ongoing lie-started and Orwellian-illegal Wars of Aggression require all US military and government to refuse all war orders because there are no lawful orders for obviously unlawful wars. Officers are required to arrest those who issue obviously unlawful orders. And again, those of us working for this area of justice are aware of zero attempts to refute this with, 'War law states (a, b, c), so the wars are legal because (d, e, f).” All we receive is easy-to-reveal bullshit . And, obviously, corporate media are criminally complicit through constant lies of omission and commission to 'cover” all these crimes. Historic tragic-comic empire is only possible through such straight-face lying, making our Emperor's New Clothes analogy perfectly chosen. The top three benefits each of monetary reform and public banking total ~$1,000,000 for the average American household, and would be received nearly instantly. Please read that twice. Now look to verify for yourself . Demanding arrests as the required and obvious public response rather than 'voting' for more disaster: 
The categories of crime include: Wars of Aggression (the worst crime a nation can commit). Likely treason for lying to US military, ordering unlawful attack and invasions of foreign lands, and causing thousands of US military deaths. Crimes Against Humanity for ongoing intentional policy of poverty that's killed over 400 million human beings just since 1995 (~75% children; more deaths than from all wars in Earth's recorded history). 
US military, law enforcement, and all with Oaths to support and defend the US Constitution against all enemies, foreign and domestic, face an endgame choice: Demand arrests , with those with lawful authority to enact it. An arrest is the lawful action to stop apparent crimes , with the most serious crimes documented here meaning the most serious need for arrests. Watch the US escalate its rogue state crimes that annually kill millions, harm billions, and loot trillions. 
In just 90 seconds , former US Marine Ken O'Keefe powerfully states how you may choose to voice 'very obvious solutions”: arrest the criminal leaders (video starts at 20:51, then finishes this episode of Cross Talk ): Solutions worth literal tens of trillions to 'We the People': 
Again: The top three benefits each of monetary reform and public banking total ~$1,000,000 for the average American household, and would be received nearly instantly. Please read that twice. Now look to verify for yourself . We can quantify the end of the lie-started and illegal Wars of Aggression quickly into the trillions, and that said, it's worth a lot more than what we quantify. Truth : a world in which education is expressed in its full potential to only and always begin with good-faith effort for objective, comprehensive, and verifiable data. Would an 'interview' with George Washington, Thomas Jefferson, and John Adams help? 
If so, here are two: 
'Election' 2016 interview with Washington, Jefferson, Adams: America's right and necessity to arrest .01% tyrants engaged in lie-started illegal Wars of Aggression, bankster-looting, and constant lying 
** 
Note: I make all factual assertions as a National Board Certified Teacher of US Government, Economics, and History, with all economics factual claims receiving zero refutation since I began writing in 2008 among Advanced Placement Macroeconomics teachers on our discussion board , public audiences of these articles , and international conferences (and here ). I invite readers to empower their civic voices with the strongest comprehensive facts most important to building a brighter future. I challenge professionals, academics, and citizens to add their voices for the benefit of all Earth's inhabitants. 
** 
Carl Herman is a National Board Certified Teacher of US Government, Economics, and History; also credentialed in Mathematics. He worked with both US political parties over 18 years and two UN Summits with the citizen's lobby, RESULTS , for US domestic and foreign policy to end poverty. He can be reached at 
Note: Examiner.com has blocked public access to my articles on their site (and from other whistleblowers), so some links in my previous work are blocked. If you'd like to search for those articles other sites may have republished, use words from the article title within the blocked link. Or, go to http://archive.org/web/ , p aste the expired link into the box, click 'Browse history,” then click onto the screenshots of that page for each time it was screen-shot and uploaded to webarchive. I'll update as 'hobby time” allows; including my earliest work from 2009 to 2011 (blocked author pages: here , here ). This entry was posted in General . Bookmark the permalink .

ARTICLE

Posted on November 5, 2016 by JimQ 
In Part One of this article I laid out the case against the criminal establishment and how the regeneracy is being driven by the anti-establishment sentiment sweeping across the land. This atonement Fourth Turning will de-establish decade's worth of delusional decisions. This election has destroyed the last vestiges of trust in this fraudulent system. 
This dysfunctional rigged presidential election reflects the tearing of the civic fabric at points of maximum susceptibility. As a country we have neglected, denied, or delayed necessary action on a plethora of vital issues threatening our long term viability as a nation. The deferral of difficult painful decisions has been a ploy of the ruling class, allowing them to further siphon the wealth of a dying empire, while maintaining control over the masses through laws, regulations, taxes, surveillance, intimidation, technology bread and circuses, and mainstream media propaganda. 
This is a country truly divided, much along the lines of the first Civil War. The divisions aren't just along political party lines, but race, education, geography, gender, age, class, religion and ability to think critically. The presidential polls (IBD) reveal many of these divisions clearly:

ARTICLE

McClatchy reports : 
A total of 83 percent of likely voters believe that Clinton did something wrong – 51 percent saying she did something illegal and 32 percent saying she something unethical but not illegal. Just 14 percent said she's done nothing wrong. 
By comparison, 79 percent think Donald Trump did something wrong, though not nearly as many think he did something illegal. Just 26 percent think he's done something illegal, while 53 percent think he's dome something unethical but not illegal. Just 17 percent think he's done nothing wrong. 
17% and 14% thinking that Trump and Clinton, respectively, did nothing wrong is not a meaningful difference. 
The real difference is that twice as many voters think Clinton broke the law as thing that Trump did.

ARTICLE

MOST Voters Now Think Clinton Broke the Law … TWICE As Many As Think that Trump Did → kimyo 
what is your interpretation of the following email from podesta re: a 2015 cnbc interview in which sanders stated 'When you hustle money like that, you don't sit in restaurants like this” and 'That type of wealth has the potential to isolate you from the reality of the world.” 
podesta: This isn't in keeping w the agreement. Since we clearly have some leverage, would be good to flag this for him. I could send a signal via Welch–or did you establish a direct line w him? Donate Recent Posts

ARTICLE

Posted on November 5, 2016 by Eric Zuesse. Eric Zuesse On November 3rd, Morning Consult's Jon Reid bannered, 'Poverty on the Rise in Nearly All House Districts” and he reported that, 'A Brookings Institution study , released less than a week before the election, shows that the number of people living in poverty has increased in 96 percent of congressional districts between 2000 and 2010-2014.” That finding fits along with others, such as that the economic 'recovery' after Barack Obama came into the White House in 2009, went virtually entirely to the very rich. According to the top experts on wealth-inequality in the United States, Emmanuel Saez and Gabriel Zucman, American wealth-inequality soared faster during 2003-2013 than ever since the period 1923-1928, right before the Great Crash of 1929. Their study 'Wealth Inequality in the United States Since 1913” , published in the May 2016 Quarterly Journal of Economics , reported that ever since the remilitarization of the U.S. from the 2003 invasion of Iraq onward (and continuing under Obama, with boosts to NATO, and invasions such as of Libya in 2011), the percentage of total wealth owned by the richest .1% of American families (those families whose net worth was $111 million or higher) rose from 15% of the total in 2003, to 22% of the total in 2013, and this means that the percentage going to the lower 99.9% declined from 85% down to 78% during that time. America's soaring inequality during the George W. Bush Presidency continued unaffected by the 2009 change of Presidential Administrations. In fact: whereas Bush's stock-market plunge in 2006-2008 hit the richest the hardest, Obama's coming into oiffice restored their lost wealth rapidly, while the wealth of the bottom 90% of the U.S. population flatlined throughout his Presidency. The Obama economic recovery was no recovery at all for the bottom 90% of Americans. Not just wealth but personal income also soared for the super-rich under Obama. The 'Share of income earned by top 0.1% wealth holders” soared throughout Obama's Presidency, at least up through 2012, which is the latest figure shown there for that. So: at least the bottom 90% of U.S. families have experienced none of the Obama economic recovery; what 'recovery' from the 'recession' there is, went only to the very rich. Findings such as those are consistent with, and might help to explain, the finding in the new Brookings study, that 96% of House districts have experienced increased poverty under Obama. The nation's poor have gotten political rhetoric, but not much else, and the middle class also have received no net benefit, under Obama.

ARTICLE

Posted on November 6, 2016 by Carl Herman 
(Satire) : In an extraordinarily high-tech conference room, a wall of high-definition screens show four faces: George Bush, Sr., George W. Bush, Bill Clinton, Barack Obama; each about 4 feet by 3 feet in a large connected rectangle going clockwise from the top-left position. The room is dark. A male is alone in the conference room; a 'Black Hat handler.” (full adult language) 
Black Hat: I recommend your closest attention and obedience, because we are quite willing to sacrifice all of you. 
Sr.: Fuck you. We all have dead-man switches to expose you if we go down. We're in this together. 
W: Yeah! And we're not talking about our 'switches” being dead no matter how cute and young the boys and girls are at Epstein and pedophile parties ! (and here ) 
Black: Fools, silence! We're trying to help you! 
Bill: 'Help” isn't in your DNA. You play our addictions, and sacrifice us if we're not of use. But, Bush-Daddy is right: we can take y'all down just as easy as you take us down. 
Black: I see. Then you're all agreeable to end this communication now and scramble in this shit-storm without us? 
Barack: No. These guys are too old, and one too stupid to care… 
W: I'm not that old… 
Barack: … but I'm young enough to want a future. What's your proposal, sir? 
Black: Anyone want to leave this call? 
Sr.: We're listening. We've kept our end of our bargain, and expect you to keep yours. Don't threaten us. We're all vulnerable. 
Black: You all will continue your roles as former US Presidents, acting as window dressing when called. We have a minor situation to bitch-slap some Boy Scouts leaking e-mails, and will respond as appropriate. 
One response is to 'select” Hillary in a close 'election” with our controlled voting software . We'll monitor blow-back, and might have her 'die” like Enron's Kenny Lay with Bill following shortly of a 'broken heart.” 
(Black pauses the required moment as all loudly laugh at that ridiculous contradiction) 
We will then control events through the cleaner puppet. Another response is to select Trump, have him play ball , or 'heart attack” him. 
Bill: So you're telling us you've got this all under control. 
Black: As usual. Nothing has changed. 
W: How do we know you've got this managed? 
Black: If you can be caught 200 times with a gay male prostitute in the White House pretending to be the highest professional media, and we can make that story 'go away” down the sheeple's memory-hole, we can manage a 'few e-mails from Russia” or whatever we end up calling them. 
W: (whining) And when can we stop pretending to care about these sheeple? (all 4 others roll their eyes) 
Sr.: Junior, our part of the deal is to keep pretending until the population is culled to about a half-billion through conditioning water , food , air , healthcare , vaccines , war , debt , etc. Our Masters' part of the deal is to use developing clone technology for our class to be young and live forever. We'll alternate with ongoing sheeple-management roles as demi-Gods, while they work as our servant class. 
W: Oh, yeah. So stay the course. 
3 other Presidents: Stay the course. 
Barack: (lighting a cigarette) You fellas have a lot less to worry about than me. As the current President, I'm the one getting heat. And if those e-mails aren't silenced, it could get a lot hotter. 
Bill: We all have blood on our hands, Barack. Hundreds of millions dead by Crimes Against Humanity . And it'll be hotter for me than you if the billions we looted through the Clinton Foundation is exposed. 
Sr.: We're all rogue state pimps. We all get lynched if one of us goes down. 
Black: If you ladies are through chatting… (pauses. The Presidents give their attention) 
What you all have to do is stay on script. Go where you're told, say what we tell you. If you fuck-up, we'll kill you and do it without you. 
Your choice has never changed, and never will: cooperate and have the riches of material existence. When we have full cloning technology, your consciousness can live in a perfect body forever. 
Or, fuck with us and die. 
We need a few more steps to clean this planet of 90% of the sheeple . You 'Presidents” (sneers) are the principle puppets of our agents to keep the sheep waddling to the slaughter house. 
Are we all in agreement for your cooperation? 
4 Presidents: Yes, Sir. 
4 Presidents: Hail Satan ! 
Scene dissolves into a modern newsroom's broadcast: 
Anchor 1: And that captured and leaked Skype call was the latest in the ongoing disclosure of how captured humanity was to total evil. 
Anchor 2: Next: How public education is catching-up from their capture to graduate for Truth, Love, and Technology ! Stay tuned. 
** 
Similar to Emperor's New Clothes satire, the real-world crimes are easy to explain, document, and prove: The Crimes The US is a literal rogue state empire led by neocolonial looting liars. The history is uncontested and taught to anyone taking comprehensive courses. If anyone has any refutations of this professional academic factual claim for any of this easy-to-read and documented content , please provide it. US ongoing lie-started and Orwellian-illegal Wars of Aggression require all US military and government to refuse all war orders because there are no lawful orders for obviously unlawful wars. Officers are required to arrest those who issue obviously unlawful orders. And again, those of us working for this area of justice are aware of zero attempts to refute this with, 'War law states (a, b, c), so the wars are legal because (d, e, f).” All we receive is easy-to-reveal bullshit . When Americans are told an election is defined by touching a computer screen without a countable receipt that can be verified, they are being told a criminal lie to allow election fraud . This is self-evident, but Princeton , Stanford , and the President of the American Statistical Association are among the leaders pointing to the obvious (and here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here ). Again, no professional would/can argue an election is legitimate when there is nothing for anyone to count. And, duh, corporate media are criminally complicit through constant lies of omission and commission to 'cover” all these crimes. Historic tragic-comic empire is only possible through such straight-face lying, making our Emperor's New Clothes analogy perfectly chosen. The top three benefits each of monetary reform and public banking total ~$1,000,000 for the average American household, and would be received nearly instantly. Please read that twice. Now look to verify for yourself . Demanding arrests as the required and obvious public response rather than 'voting' for more disaster: 
The categories of crime include: Wars of Aggression (the worst crime a nation can commit). Likely treason for lying to US military, ordering unlawful attack and invasions of foreign lands, and causing thousands of US military deaths. Crimes Against Humanity for ongoing intentional policy of poverty that's killed over 400 million human beings just since 1995 (~75% children; more deaths than from all wars in Earth's recorded history). 
US military, law enforcement, and all with Oaths to support and defend the US Constitution against all enemies, foreign and domestic, face an endgame choice: Demand arrests , with those with lawful authority to enact it. An arrest is the lawful action to stop apparent crimes , with the most serious crimes documented here meaning the most serious need for arrests. Watch the US escalate its rogue state crimes that annually kill millions, harm billions, and loot trillions. 
In just 90 seconds , former US Marine Ken O'Keefe powerfully states how you may choose to voice 'very obvious solutions”: arrest the criminal leaders (video starts at 20:51, then finishes this episode of Cross Talk ): Solutions worth literal tens of trillions to 'We the People': 
Again: The top three benefits each of monetary reform and public banking total ~$1,000,000 for the average American household, and would be received nearly instantly. Please read that twice. Now look to verify for yourself . We can quantify the end of the lie-started and illegal Wars of Aggression quickly into the trillions, and that said, it's worth a lot more than what we quantify. Truth : a world in which education is expressed in its full potential to only and always begin with good-faith effort for objective, comprehensive, and verifiable data. 
'Interview” series:

ARTICLE

Activist Post 
As the United States marches forward with its war of terror abroad it is, as predicted by researchers and informed observers many years ago, clamping down on the domestic population at home. Indeed, it is virtually inevitable that the great eating machine of the empire returns home to be turned on the people who ignored it while it was grinding up so many innocent lives overseas. 
So as the war drums beat louder and as America eeks closer toward the impending Clinton coronation and the possibility of the declaration of yet another ' no fly zone ,” this time over Syria, becomes more and more likely, it is poetic justice that a no-fly zone is being declared inside the United States. 
While Russia stands in the way of America's march to create Libya 2.0 in Syria, there is no one willing and virtually no one able to stand in the way of America's declaration of war on itself, personified by the vicious police state brutality being visited upon the protestors at Standing Rock – indigenous and otherwise – and the crackdown on virtually every amendment to the Constitution including the arrest of demonstrators and journalists, some of whom are facing incredibly ridiculous amounts of time in jail. 
Indeed, the United States has even declared a no-fly zone over the protest area, preventing media coverage of the ensuing bravery of the protestors and brutality of the 'Serve and protect” crew who are willing to bash every skull and crush every human right in the quest to 'just do their jobs.” 
One need only take a look at the photos of the protestors vs the heavily armed and militarized police (can we still call them police?) forces amassed around the location to see the crumbling of America into the police state foreseen for Western countries as the rug gets pulled out from under them economically, socially, and culturally despite their use as tools of imperialism abroad. The blunt hammer of Anglo-American hegemony that is the United States is falling apart even as it continues to strike at Syria, Iran, and Russia. 
While police can murder with impunity and Black Lives Matter activists can destroy cities at will, Standing Rock protestors are charged with high crimes for spray painting bulldozers and journalists who dare to even cover the protests are arrested and charged with trespassing, inciting riots, and conspiracy. Even left gate keepers like Amy Goodman have been charged with such crimes. But, while Goodman's charges were eventually dropped, other journalists such as Deia Schlosberg are facing 45 years in prison simply for filming a protest that involved the disruption of the pipeline's operations. 
In regards to the current events taking place at Standing Rock, Jay Syrmopoulos writes , 
This latest flashpoint in the ongoing conflict is north of the larger and more permanent encampments, which have been constructed on federally owned land where over 200 Native American tribes have gathered to oppose the pipeline's construction. 
On Wednesday, a heavily militarized law enforcement presence began mobilizing heavy equipment, including Humvees, armored personnel carriers, and buses and demanded the protesters leave the occupied area. 
In an ominous sign, the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) has restricted flights , and banned the use of drones within a radius of about 4 ½ miles of Cannon Ball. The FAA declared that only aircraft affiliated with the North Dakota Tactical Operation Center are allowed within the restricted airspace. The flight restriction went into effect Wednesday and will last until November 5. 
Indian Country Today reports : 
What began with prayers and a single tipi alongside Highway 1806 quickly grew to more than a dozen tipis surrounded by tents, buses, cars and hundreds of water protectors. Some are calling it the '1851 Treaty Camp” to acknowledge their Treaty rights. 
Across the road is the encroaching pipeline and a heavily militarized police force with armored vehicles, helicopters, planes, ATVs and busloads of officers. Tensions are growing as unarmed citizens worry that police will use unnecessarily harsh tactics. 
In recent weeks, nearly 300 unarmed water protectors who were arrested have been subjected to pepper spray, strip-searches, delayed bail, exaggerated charges and physical violence, according to interviews with several who were taken into custody. The ACLU and National Lawyers Guild recently sent attorneys to Standing Rock to help the Red Owl Collective, a team of volunteer lawyers headed by attorney Bruce Ellison, who are representing many of those arrested. 
The massive law enforcement contingent, consisting of sheriff's deputies and officers from numerous other states and counties, as well as National Guard, began staging near the encampment — with scores of Armored Personnel Carriers, buses and Humvees poised at the ready. 
'At some point the rule of law has to be enforced,” Cass County Sheriff Paul Laney said Wednesday. 'We could go down there at any time. We're trying not to.” 
Dakota Access LLC, the pipeline developer released a statement encouraging trespassers to 'vacate the land immediately” or be 'removed from the land.” 
'Alternatively and in coordination with local law enforcement and county/state officials, all trespassers will be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law and removed from the land,” the company said. 'Lawless behavior will not be tolerated.” 
Just days ago, sheriff's officials had said earlier they didn't have the resources to immediately remove activists from the private land, about 50 miles south of Bismarck. Subsequently, law enforcement officials put out a call for reinforcements, with hundreds of officers from out of state responding. 
So there is an official 'no fly zone” over the Standing Rock protest (which can be seen here at the FAA website ) and, on the ground, we have an army of storm troopers no doubt eager to bust heads and fire off some rounds into a group of people who only want clean water, property rights, and the honoring of the legal agreements they signed. 
Across the ocean, however, we await another fly zone with the creeping Clinton coronation and possibly even a last stab by the Obama administration once the fix for Hitlery is officially in. 
In the last of three Presidential (in name only) debates, Clinton stated clearly her support for war in Syria by virtue of establishing a 'no fly zone.” She stated , 'I'm going to continue to push for a no-fly zone and safe havens within Syria not only to help protect the Syrians and prevent the constant outflow of refugees but to, frankly, gain some leverage on both the Syrian government and the Russians so that perhaps we can have the kind of serious negotiation necessary to bring the conflict to an end and go forward on a political track.” 
Of course, the establishment of a 'No-Fly Zone” is tantamount to a declaration of war . Such has even been admitted by top U.S. Generals when explaining exactly what a No Fly Zone would entail. As General Carter Ham stated , 
We should make no bones about it. It first entails killing a lot of people and destroying the Syrian air defenses and those people who are manning those systems. And then it entails destroying the Syrian air force, preferably on the ground, in the air if necessary. This is a violent combat action that results in lots of casualties and increased risk to our own personnel. 
General Philip Breedlove also echoed this description when he said, 
I know it sounds stark, but what I always tell people when they talk to me about a no-fly zone is . . . it's basically to start a war with that country because you are going to have to go in and kinetically take out their air defense capability 
When Senator Roger Wicker asked Gen. Joe Dunford what it would take to impose a no fly zone upon Syria, the General responded , 'Right now… for us to control all of the airspace in Syria would require us to go to war against Syria and Russia.” 
Thus, the entire Western 'sphere of influence” is slowly descending down to become a place of no fly zones, riot police, and a boot slowly stamping on the human face. At home, those individuals who resist the 'new normal” will be steadily dealt with either by economic hardship or a rude reminder that dissenters will be silence, imprisoned, or killed. 
Elsewhere, however, the Anglo-American system has begun to encounter nations who are not only willing to fight back but who are able to do so. A dying empire caught in its death throes, trying to remain alive by creating the 'absence of dissent” might well launch a third world war with a nuclear power as a last stab at hegemony. 
On the other hand, Rome could just burn slowly. 
Rest assured, however, the skies above the city will be empty. Brandon Turbeville – article archive here – is the author of seven books, Codex Alimentarius — The End of Health Freedom , 7 Real Conspiracies , Five Sense Solutions and Dispatches From a Dissident, volume 1 and volume 2 , The Road to Damascus: The Anglo-American Assault on Syria, and The Difference it Makes: 36 Reasons Why Hillary Clinton Should Never Be President . Turbeville has published over 850 articles on a wide variety of subjects including health, economics, government corruption, and civil liberties. Brandon Turbeville's radio show Truth on The Tracks can be found every Monday night 9 pm EST at UCYTV . His website is BrandonTurbeville.com He is available for radio and TV interviews. Please contact activistpost (at) gmail.com . 
This article may be freely shared in part or in full with author attribution and source link .

ARTICLE

diogenes on Poverty Rose in 96% of U.S. House Districts, During Obama's Presidency Contact Us We read all emails sent to us, but are too busy to respond to many. We greatly appreciate feedback and leads. to contact us. Learn more about us here . Syndication If you wish to reproduce any essays from this site: 
You may reproduce our essays as long as you give proper attribution (Washington's Blog) and provide a link to our site at the top of the post. National Security and Copyright Notices National Security Notice We are NOT calling for the overthrow of the government. In fact, we are calling for the reinstatement of our government. We are not calling for lawlessness. We are calling for an end to lawlessness and lack of accountability and a return to the rule of law. Rather than trying to subvert the constitution, we are calling for its enforcement . We are patriotic Americans born and raised in this country. We love the U.S. We don't seek to destroy or attack America ... we seek to restore her to strength, prosperity, liberty and respect. We don't support or like Al Qaeda, ISIS, the Taliban, or any similar or supporting groups. We think they are all disgusting. The nation's top legal scholars say that draconian security laws which violate the Constitution should not apply to Americans . Should you attempt to shut down this site or harass its authors, you are anti-liberty, anti-justice, anti-American ... and undermining America's national security. 
Copyright Notice This site provides political commentary, education and parody protected by the fair use and My Lai/Zapruder exceptions to copyright law. 
We are not copyright pirates. We do not seek to destroy all copyright law. Even the country's top copyright lawyers oppose draconian anti-piracy laws . FAIR USE NOTICE: This site contains copyrighted material the use of which has not always been specifically authorized by the copyright owner. We are making such material available in our efforts to advance understanding of political, economic, scientific, and educational issues. We believe this constitutes a 'fair use' of any such copyrighted material as provided for in section 107 of the US Copyright Law. In accordance with Title 17 U.S.C. Section 107, the material on this site is distributed without profit to those who have expressed a prior interest in receiving the included information for research and educational purposes. For more information go to: 
If you wish to use copyrighted material from this site for purposes of your own that go beyond 'fair use', you must obtain permission from the copyright owner. Business/Economic News

ARTICLE

Eric Zuesse BACKGROUND A Reuters report, November 4th, contains the available information regarding the million-dollar payment, which was made in 2011, when the active effort began to overthrow Bashar al-Assad in Syria. This previously unreported payment, which was intended to go through the Clinton Foundation, was made by Qatar , which, along with Saudi Arabia , are the main sources of funding to the jihadists who are trying to overthrow and replace Assad, the man who is blocking those two countries from building oil and gas pipelines through Syria into Europe. Both Qatar and Saudi Arabia are owned by their country's royal family, who also own the world's largest oil and gas reserves, and those royals want to pipeline their oil and gas into Europe and displace the other oil-and-gas giant, Russia, in the world's largest energy-market: the EU. This previously unreported payment was made to his and his wife Hillary's, and his daughter Chelsea's, Clinton Foundation, but neither Qatar nor any of the Clintons, nor the Obama Administration, is answering any questions about it, as a consequence of which a reasonable assumption is that it was an outright bribe — especially because in the Haiti hurricane matter and many others, moneys that were paid into the Clinton Foundation did not, in fact, go to benefit the alleged charitable beneficiaries, in that case Haitians. (Haitians therefore especially detest the Clintons.) In all of the Clinton Foundation's operations, the firms that are controlled by the world's top aristocrats — not only in Saudi Arabia and Qatar but elsewhere , receive the funding. Whether those recipients actually spend the money as advertised is generally not tracked. The stated purpose of this particular million-dollar payment was to achieve a private meeting with Bill Clinton. The stated reason for the payment was to honor him on his 65th birthday. Bill Clinton is the person whom international aristocrats most seek to have private meetings with in order to discuss U.S. foreign policies, because there is no record kept of what is being said at those confidential meetings, and because his representations of Hillary Clinton are known to be the most trustworthy, the most 'bankable” — it's considered to be as good as if they were meeting with her in private. Neither the Clintons nor Qatar are answering questions about this matter, not even whether the requested private meeting with the Secretary of State's husband ever, in fact, occurred. THE PAYMENT Here are highlights from the original Reuters report on this matter: On Friday, November 4th, Reuters headlined 'Clinton's charity confirms Qatar's $1 million gift while she was at State Dept” , and reported: Clinton Foundation officials last month declined to confirm the Qatar donation. In response to additional questions, a foundation spokesman, Brian Cookstra, this week said that it accepted the $1 million gift from Qatar, but this did not amount to a 'material increase” in the Gulf country's support for the charity [that's the phrase in the law that requires it to be made public] . Cookstra declined to say whether Qatari officials received their requested meeting with Bill Clinton. Officials at Qatar's embassy in Washington and in its Council of Ministers in the capital, Doha, declined to discuss the donation. The State Department has said it has no record of the foundation submitting the Qatar gift for review, and that it was incumbent on the foundation to notify the department about donations that needed attention. A department spokeswoman did not respond to additional questions about the donation. According to the foundation's website, which lists donors in broad categories by cumulative amounts donated, Qatar's government has directly given a total of between $1 million and $5 million over the years. … Foundation officials told Reuters last year that they did not always comply with central provisions of the agreement with President Barack Obama's administration. … The foundation has declined to describe what sort of increase in funding by a foreign government would have triggered notification of the State Department for review. ,,, The State Department said it has no record of being asked by the foundation to review any increases in support by a foreign government. Spokesmen for Hillary Clinton's campaign and Bill Clinton did not respond to emailed questions about the donation. Here is the passage from the wikileaked email , dated in 2012, in which Amitabh Desai, the Clinton Foundation's director of foreign policy, writes to other senior Clinton Foundation officials, requesting a private meeting of Qatar's U.S. Ambassador with 'wjc” William Jefferson Clinton: – Would like to see WJC 'for five minutes” in NYC, to present $1 million check that Qatar promised for WJC's birthday in 2011. – Qatar would welcome our suggestions for investments in Haiti – particularly on education and health. They have allocated most of their $20 million but are happy to consider projects we suggest. I'm collecting input from CF Haiti team.

ARTICLE

Posted on November 5, 2016 by WashingtonsBlog 
By George Eliason, an American journalist living in Ukraine. 
Whether you are for Hillary Clinton or against her, the problem with Hillary Clinton isn't her lack of experience. Almost the entire political establishment is behind her. Throughout all the bumps and scandal in this whole election cycle, Republicans and former presidents are coming out of the woodwork supporting her. According to the LA Times she may well be one of the most experienced candidates in US history, while even accounting for severe conflicts of interest inside the Clinton Foundation. Neither friend or foe doubt Hillary Clinton's experience after 30 years in politics. 
The problem is even Hillary Clinton's friends say she has a history of acting without thinking, of making bad decisions. According to Neera Tanden : 'Almost no one knows better than me that her instincts can be terrible.” 
Does Hillary Clinton show bad instincts and terrible decision-making skills, and if she does, how will this affect the USA? 
According to journalist Robert Parry 'the people that will be taking senior positions and especially in foreign policy believe 'This consensus is driven by a broad-based backlash against a president who has repeatedly stressed the dangers of overreach and the need for restraint, especially in the Middle East… Taken together, the studies and reports call for more aggressive American action to constrain Iran, rein in the chaos in the Middle East and check Russia in Europe.”One of the lead organizations revving up these military adventures and also counting on a big boost in military spending under President Clinton-45 is the Atlantic Council, a think tank associated with NATO that has been pushing for a major confrontation with nuclear-armed Russia.” 
The Atlantic Council is the think tank for the CEEC which is associated with NATO. The CEEC (Central and Eastern European Coalition) has only one goal. At the beginning of the presidential campaign they put out a small list of questions for the candidates to decide who they would support for the president. 
The first question was essentially 'Are you willing to go to war with Russia?” Hillary Clinton has answered that question and received their unqualified support throughout the campaign. Who is the CEEC? 
The Central and Eastern European Coalition represent the various Central and Eastern European countries to the US government. What makes them special in an election is that they control a 20 million person strong bloc vote in key states across the country and sway elections by themselves. The price of a Clinton win is war with Russia. 
If that seems a little too much to be believable, reconsider the Iraq war. All it took was for the Iraqi diaspora to develop strong ties with like-minded people from 'The Project for the New American Century” that wanted regime change in Iraq. Many of the people associated with the PNAC crossed over into the Bush administration . They pushed the invasion together. 
' Walt Vanderbush's essay, 'The Iraqi Diaspora and the US Invasion of Iraq” (chapter 9), traces the collaboration between leaders of the Iraqi diaspora and neoconservative Americans, many of them linked to the Iraqi National Congress (INC) and the Project for the New American Century (PNAC), to convince the US government to wage war and bring about 'regime change” in Iraq… The INC claimed credit for placing 108 articles in the news media, including the New York Times, the Washington Post, and the Times (of London), during a nine-month period before the war.” 
It wasn't terror, Osama, or even oil that the Iraq war was fought for. It was a guy named Ahmed Chalabi who was the only victor of the Iraq war. 
American-emigre groups use their strategically settled populations in key battleground states, deep pockets, and unbridled political ambition to gain control over their home 'old” countries. Even more insidious is the influence they exert over the United States to destroy old enemies. 
Do we want senior cabinet and policy positions filled by people that think starting WWIII is a good goal? Let's take a look at the make-up and politics of some of these. 
Starting at the top let's look at the Ukrainian emigres which lead the CEEC and the Atlantic Council. One thing anyone represented by the UCCA (Ukrainian Congressional Committee of America) or the UWC (Ukrainian World Congress) has in common is Axis-political heritage and beliefs. The OUN is the political grouping of Ukrainian nationalists and it would vote for Adolf Hitler if he was running in a heartbeat. 
Unless real Nazi political views (not neo-nazi) found a way to survive all these years with this group of people, the statement is just insulting. Anyone reading should be insulted because that level of offensiveness in a politically charged environment is wrong. 
Nazism or Axis-Nazism are political beliefs and principles that structure your government the same as Republican or Democratic control would. The only difference is the 'ism.” The 'ism” means everything you do in your life revolves around your politic so it's not just political or social guides or guidelines. It's your lifestyle and everything wraps around it. Anything or anyone that goes against it is an enemy of the state, and it is personal. 
From their own words in the Ukrainian Weekly, real, active political Nazi's are alive, kickin' and ready for a Clinton win! It is the sheer number of groups self-identifying as practicing real Nazi beliefs in the US gaining policy and cabinet positions under a Clinton win that is incredible. 
The Ukrainian World Congress with its affiliates in over 40 countries and others work tirelessly in trying to keep Ukraine and the Ukrainian spirit front and center. 
'We have had a minister of finance, Natalka Jaresko, in the Cabinet. We now have Ulana Suprun as acting minister of health. We have many from the diaspora assisting with strategizing, reforming and supporting the overall cause. We have a highly successful program in Patriot Defence. We are out to change the way business is done. 
Unity to act when required has been the diaspora's mantra – this cannot be disputed. 
As time moves on, we see that things take a natural course. We see that two wings of the OUN – (OUNb)Banderivtsi and (OUNm)Melnykivtsi – are working actively on the international level, working in partnership and currently are in strong negotiations about becoming a single entity again.” 
With all you've heard about Stepan Bandera's OUN since the Maidan coup in Ukraine, I'll bet you didn't know they call New York, Chicago, Boston, and Philadelphia home. 
The UCCA and the UWC still celebrate their Nazi SS because they are still Axis-nazis. The OUN were the vile Holocaust murderers during and after WWII and their politics live on in their children today. This is no different from the children of other Waffen-SS leaders or if Hitler had surviving children that stood up and ran other countries based in Hitler's policy. These American kids are sent to Ukraine to learn how to copy and act like Stepan Bandera before they come back to America and get involved in policy making. 
' OUNb leader Ivan Kobasa also took responsibility of making sure the Ukrainian-Americans received the proper secondary education at Ukrainian nationalist schools(MAUP) in Ukraine. From the mid-2000's enrollment in this educational system has skyrocketed. Today almost all members of the current Ukrainian government are graduates of this ideological system that was taught to them by moderates like David Duke who is also a graduate of the MAUP system.” 
While American media criticizes David Duke's support for Donald Trump, they say nothing about Hillary's strongest supporters hiring David Duke as a professor to teach their children college level history. Is Hillary Clinton too far right for David Duke? After all, he has no plans to conquer Russia. 
When you look at her campaign coffers and the most active political activists supporting Hillary Clinton, many are groups whose politics are not republican or democrat, but old-world nationalist. They are spread across America and still idolize their Waffen SS heroes, literally. They have statues and holidays and children's groups across America in cities like New York, Boston, Philadelphia, and Chicago celebrating some of the vilest mass murderers in history. And they teach their children to idolize them and grow up using them as role models. They also bring up their children in the same political mold of ultra-nationalism. 
Now they want an America that will do the same. Over the last 30 years, the old world nationalists have moved into media and policy positions to make this happen. If that wasn't enough they control a 20 million person bloc vote in key states and swing states in important cities across America. 
I am not using the word nazi as an insult, this isn't neo-nazi or even a nazi revival. These groups have been the most extreme political activists in the USA over the last 50 years and are a continuation of what their parents were in the 1930's. In their own words, they never assimilated into American culture. They assimilated the culture to them. In the words of the CIA, they are political animals. Today, their wagons are circled around a Hillary Clinton presidency. 
The OUN were the guards at the Holocaust prison camps, Waffen SS, and volunteer brigades that were famous for torture and murder. In Ukraine, they killed over 3 million people and conducted the first act of Holocaust at Babi Yar. 
The funny part if there was one is that with every fiber of your being, you want to argue against these facts. The OUN on the other hand featured at least one of my articles on their rise in American politics even though I called them devils. The fact they find me credible shouldn't get lost on you. 
When these good friends of Hillary Clinton from the CEEC start getting tapped for advisory posts, and cabinet positions through the Atlantic Council or Project for a new American Century, will they automatically become Democrats or Republicans? 
Does America want a war with Russia so the losers of WWII can settle old scores? 
For the first time, under a Clinton presidency, America will have unbridled Axis-nazis/old world nationalists/ nazis in most of the cabinet and policy positions. They are getting the positions because they are delivering donations, bloc votes, political propaganda, and hard activism in battleground states. 
The results for the Clinton campaign in emigre dominated states is the same as it was when they first got together. Clinton is up by 11 points in important emigre bloc voting districts. 
…In last month's heavily publicized Pennsylvania Senate race. Ukrainian and Baltic groups, protesting the administration's attempts to prevent the break-up of the USSR, supported the Democratic candidate, Harris Wofford. This position contributed to the defeat of Dick Thornburgh, a former attorney general in the Bush administration….”The Ukrainian Weekly, December 8, 1991, No. 49, Vol. LIX 
In a Ukraine Weekly interview with candidate Bill Clinton-'For the last 40 years, many Ukrainians have been supporters of the Republican Party. However, Mr. Bush severely damaged his relations with Ukrainians with his 'Chicken Kiev” speech, and by his unwillingness to see Ukraine's point of view in disputes with Russia. How will your party seek to secure the goodwill of voters concerned by this issue?” … 
Clinton's answer…'The Bush administration has had a spotty record abroad…including the president's insulting warning against 'suicidal nationalism” made before proindependence forces in Kiev in the summer of 1991 — and a failed economic record at home. We hope Ukrainian Americans will join our effort to put people first.” – Interview with Candidate Bill Clinton-Ukrainian Weekly Issue 43, 1992 
In what has become the ultimate pay to play scheme, the Clinton's gave over Ukraine to OUNb nationalists to run as they saw fit. This was payment for political support and bloc votes that won the 1992 elections for Bill Clinton. American citizens were given a country to run and represent in any manner they chose to do it. 
According to Ukrainian nationalist scholar Taras Kuzio , the Axis- nazi political beliefs started to be taught to children in Ukraine after the OUNb took the reins. This was the preparation for what would become a nationalist coup in 2014 Ukraine. 
This pattern follows the Clinton-NATO expansion and every CEE (Central and Eastern European) country freed by the Clintons followed suit. In Croatia, Croatian-Americans have more parliamentary seats and representation than any group from Croatia. 
Other than American-emigre groups gaining rule and representing the 'home country” in the US, there is only one other universal factor each of them revived. Axis- nazi politics and political views became normal in their home countries. In Croatia, they even revived the Waffen SS Battalions. 
The people at the CEEC are behind the Atlantic Council and PNAC will be making the domestic and foreign policy decisions in a Clinton administration. While I would not call Hillary Clinton a Nazi, the people she surrounds herself with actively are. There is very little doubt that Victoria Nuland, a Ukrainian-American brought up in these beliefs will be Secretary of State under a Clinton Administration. 
To get an understanding of what that means, the same people that are deciding Ukrainian domestic and foreign policy will be sending their people to those cabinet positions. 
The one thing for sure is even publications that support her candidacy wonder about Hillary Clinton's lack of judgment and surrounding herself with nationalist war-hawks that want war with Russia. 
According to the WEEK 'At first, Obama went over the top of public opinion to avenge American honor against ISIS. Slowly, America's mission has crept to include some form of regime change with the ouster of Assad. Now Clinton is selling the American people on greater military interventions so that the U.S. can challenge Putin. Clinton seems unable to distinguish between what is of vital interest to the Russians and peripheral interest to America. She combines this with her bias toward always taking action — of any sort, for good or ill. The combination is dangerous.” 
The article ends in the hope that Clinton is once again lying. Both current president Obama and Hillary Clinton are trying to sell America on the idea that there are moderates fighting a civil war in Syria. We are arming and training them. Are there moderates in Syria worth supporting? Do we have any business there to begin with? The article goes as far as stating the US is determined to overthrow every country that is friendly to Russia. 
Right now Clinton wants to establish a no-fly-zone to protect her moderates. Who are they? US Special Forces on the ground are adamant that Clinton wants to give US military support to ISIS even if it means starting an open war with Russia. 
' Nobody believes in it. You're like, ‘Fuck this,'” a former Green Beret says of America's covert and clandestine programs to train and arm Syrian militias. 'Everyone on the ground knows they are jihadis. No one on the ground believes in this mission or this effort, and they know they are just training the next generation of jihadis, so they are sabotaging it by saying, ‘Fuck it, who cares?'” 'I don't want to be responsible for Nusra guys saying they were trained by Americans,” the Green Beret added. 
Since 2014, Ukraine has fully supported al Nusra and at the beginning of the civil war pulled 200 ISIS fighters to the Ukrainian front lines. These fighters are jihadis from Crimea. They have also set up an ISIS training camp near Mariupol. Like all other volunteers, they don't receive government support and rob to make a living. 
Before this, the Kosovo example looms large. Does inviting indicted mass murderers and people preparing for illegal organ trade (crimes against humanity) trials to your national party convention as special guests qualify as good judgment? Does it showcase Hillary Clinton's good instincts to be president? 
Welcome to the 2016 Democratic National Convention. Hillary Clinton's special guest from Kosovo took time-out from preparing for his crimes against humanity case to give support and wish her well. 
'Invited as a guest to the 2016 Democratic National Convention is none other than Kadri Veseli, the Speaker of the Kosovo Assembly. Veseli is a former Kosovar Albanian leader of the KLA and its spy organization SHIK. He's being indicted along with the current president of Kosovo, Hashim Thaci for small things like organ trafficking and crimes against humanity .' 
The main witness against Clinton friends, Veseli and Thaci, is a man that was ordered to cut the heart out of another man that was begging for mercy. In a 1998 interview with the BBC , US special envoy to the Balkans, Robert Gelbard had this to say about Veseli and Thaci; 'I know a terrorist when I see one and these men are terrorists.” 
Clinton's relationship with the Albanian and Kosovo killers stretches back to the first Clinton election in 1992. During the campaign season the Clinton duo found out quickly how powerful the emigre national vote was in America. In one fell swoop, the Albanians and the KLA after them went from what the USA definitely recognized as Islamic terrorists to victims we were going to war for. 
The Clinton humanitarian bombing in the Balkans drove victims into the waiting clutches of the KLA, and the spread of Islamic terrorism worldwide. 
In what became her first executive decision, first lady, Hillary Clinton brow-beat the unwilling president Clinton into bombing the Balkans and creating a humanitarian catastrophe. Today, as a result of this, ISIS is setting up training camps in what is widely referred to as Clinton country. 
'On the territory of Kosovo and Metohija, the local police detained three militants of so-called 'Islamic State” (a terrorist organization banned in Russia), is going to organize a series of terrorist attacks in Serbia.” Terrorists LIH (IGIL/ISIS) break through the Balkans to Western Europe March 2016 
Clinton's jihadi bloc vote in America remains central to her winning this election along with the rest of the CEEC. Does America want people advising the president that openly support genocide like the Kosovars, Albanians, or Ukrainians? 
Hillary Clinton is not an Islamist. Hillary Clinton is not a Nazi. But the question remains. Why is she surrounded by and listening to people that are? Is that her best judgment?

ARTICLE

Posted on November 6, 2016 by Eric Zuesse. Eric Zuesse The leading financiers of the Republican Party, the Koch brothers, were exposed on November 4th by the great investigative journalist Lee Fang, as being solid supporters and heavy financiers of congressional candidates who have been leaders in expanding the U.S. military budget and moving America toward a police state (including militarization of the police). The leading financier of the Democratic Party, George Soros, has long been known to provide major financial backing for the most-neoconservative Democratic candidates, such as Hillary Clinton, who favor every possible military invasion and coup (and see this , for more on that). In fact, Soros was one of the top three financial backers (the other two were the U.S. government and the Netherlands government) for the television station in Ukraine that championed extermination of the people in Ukraine's Donbass region, where the coup-imposed government, which he helped to install, is loathed . And also on the Ukrainian matter, the Kochs have championed the view that when considering whether Crimea should be part of Russia, or else part of Ukraine, or else entirely independent, the people who live there shouldn't have any opportunity to vote on the matter, and they should instead be forced to be 'Ukrainians' , even if they loathe this post-coup Ukrainian governmen t. Soros and the Kochs insist that this Ukrainian government should be imposed upon Crimeans, regardless of what they want. In fact, Soros has proposed adding from 20 to 50 billion taxpayer dollars to the effort by the coup-imposed Ukrainian government's military, in order for that government to achieve this conquest of Crimea (to restore it to Ukraine, to which it had been forcibly joined, by the Soviet dictator Khrushchev in 1954, after having been for hundreds of years a part of Russia — and to which Obama and the Kochs and Soros insist it belongs). Regarding the U.S. Presidential contest, the difference between the Kochs and Soros is that the Kochs in 2016 directed all of their political financing away from the Presidential contest altogether, so as to weaken Trump's effort to beat Hillary, whereas Soros has devoted tens of millions of dollars to the financing of Hillary's campaign and of PACS (such as this) that support Hillary against Trump. Hillary is supported by Kochs and the big oil-and-gas firms as well as by Soros and Wall Street. Virtually all of the U.S. aristocracy want Hillary Clinton to become President. Right after the nominating conventions, the Kochs withdrew their financial backing of the Republican 'hawk' U.S. Senatorial candidate Ron Johnson in Wisconsin because Johnson had just endorsed Trump . But afterwards, the Kochs — as Lee Fang noted — spent big on the campaigns of Ron Johnson and of other pro-Lockheed-Martin (etc.) Senators. To be pro 'Defense' industry, isn't to be pro-U.S. defense, but instead to be pro-mega-corporate investors, and that's something America's entire aristocracy are, because they control all of the large U.S.-based corporations. Those corporations expand by the U.S. military having the might to enforce in foreign countries what their owners want — so that America's State Department and USAID etc. can serve as spokespersons for, essentially, the billionaires who own controlling blocs of stock in U.S.-based international corporations. That's 'the system,” which Hillary Clinton and the Kochs and Soros and all the rest of the U.S. aristocracy support, and which Bernie Sanders opposed without understanding it. If Donald Trump understands it, he's been keeping that fact secret from his followers, who generally understand nothing of it at all. Maybe if he were to try to explain it to them he'd be called 'unpatriotic' — even though his trying to explain it to them would actually be the deepest form of patriotism. Unfortunately, for him to be patriotic in that way would probably be politically suicidal for his campaign. He instead points to 'foreigners” as being America's enemies, when the real enemies are actually right at home in America — and they're enemies of the entire world, not just their own country. These are the people at the top of the global food-chain. It's not clear whether Trump feels mainly that he's one of them, or instead that they're his chief enemies. How much more ambiguous could a person be than that? And is the ambiguity intentional? The most reliable answer might be found by identifying whom his actual political enemies are — and they seem to be virtually all of the global aristocracy. Maybe they know him in ways that the U.S. public don't and can't. The public will just have to guess. But no guesses are necessary in order to understand Hillary Clinton. She has a lengthy record in public office, and it's entirely consistent, as a neoconservative .

ARTICLE

Koch Brothers Secretly Allied w. George Soros for Hillary Clinton → Jay Kurtz 
Why would Bernie supporters vote Clinton? Because if she wins, his movement will be finished, and she will see to it that it is. 
On the other hand, if Trump wins, Hillary is finished, and Bernie will become the driving force in the Democratic Party, and will crush Trump in 2020. 
I just don't understand why ANY Bernie supporter would be DUMB ENOUGH to vote for Hillary. gmatch 
There are many reasons not to vote for Hillary. Bernie is a proven fraud and should go away. If Trump wins – the DNC will have to change or it will not survive. kimyo 
while we're talking about podesta emails, what is your interpretation of the following email from podesta re: a 2015 cnbc interview in which sanders stated 'When you hustle money like that, you don't sit in restaurants like this” and 'That type of wealth has the potential to isolate you from the reality of the world.” 
podesta: This isn't in keeping w the agreement. Since we clearly have some leverage, would be good to flag this for him. I could send a signal via Welch–or did you establish a direct line w him? 
my interpretation: you fell for sanders' schtick like an egg from a tall chicken. he was never for real. you've been reporting on wrestlemania 2016 without comprehending that the whole thing is staged. 
you never said a single word about the theft of california, brooklyn and beyond. WHY? 
the word 'agreement', that doesn't raise any red flags for you? Donate

ARTICLE

Posted on November 6, 2016 by Eric Zuesse. Eric Zuesse At 2:47 in this video about a key moment in the 7 September 2016 'Town Hall” 'debate' between Trump and Clinton where Matt Lauer has asked her about her privatization of her State Department emails, Ms. Clinton says, 'but the real question is the handling of classified materials, which is I think what the implication of your question was.” Lauer did not deny that; he was following the line of Comey, that only the classified emails could pose a criminal problem for her. However, that assumption is flat-out false, and both Hillary Clinton knows it (which is why she tried there to narrow the meaning of his question to the classified-information issue ), and also Comey knows it (which is why he has his FBI exclude from its consideration the illegality of her privatization of official email itself — her theft of U.S. government information, her abuse of even non-confidential information, her destruction of evidence by destroying her government emails, etcetera — there are several laws she broke which have nothing to do with 'confidential information,” but both the FBI and the 'news' media (at least until Comey's about-face on October 28th) were ignoring them, and they still do ignore each one of them. Here are six of those laws . They describe what nobody denies that she did, and the maximum sentence under all of them, if the FBI were to 'throw the book at her,” would be 72 years. Conviction of her under them would be a slam-dunk, but all of these laws are being simply ignored. So, the questions here are: Why is the FBI ignoring those criminal laws, which she clearly did violate? Why are America's 'news' media ignoring the FBI's ignoring these laws?

ARTICLE

Posted on November 7, 2016 by Charles Hugh Smith 
America's Ruling Elite is freaking out because a significant percentage of the American public is trying to fire them. The Ruling Elite has failed and deserves to be fired, and deep down, they know it–and this awareness of their self-serving failure fuels their panic and their loathing of the non-elite Americans who are trying to fire them. 
If you think this chart of soaring student loan debt is a sign of 'success,” you are 1) delusional 2) protected from the dire consequences of this failure 3) getting your paycheck from this failed system. That in a nutshell is the state of the nation: those who are protected from the consequences of failure are loyal to the Establishment, as are the millions drawing a paycheck from systems they know are irredeemable failures. 
Let's review the central institutions of the nation: 
1. Healthcare: a failed system doomed to bankrupt the nation. 
2. Defense: a failed system of cartels and Pentagon fiefdoms that have saddled the nation with enormously costly failed weapons systems like the F-35 and the LCS. 
3. Higher Education: a bloated, failed system that is bankrupting an entire generation while mis-educating them for productive roles in the emerging economy. (I cover this in depth in The Nearly Free University and the Emerging Economy and Get a Job, Build a Real Career and Defy a Bewildering Economy .) 
4. Foreign policy: Iraq: a disaster. Afghanistan: a disaster. Libya: a disaster. Syria: a disaster. Need I go on? 
5. Political governance: a corrupt system of self-serving elites, lobbyists, pay-to-play, corporate puppet-masters, and sociopaths who see themselves as above the law. 
In Why Our Status Quo Failed and Is Beyond Reform , I explain why the only possible output of these systems is failure . 
The sole output of America's Establishment/Ruling Elite is self-serving hubris. 
In the open market, failed leadership has consequences. Customers vanish and the enterprise goes bankrupt, or shareholders and employees rally to fire the failed leadership. 
In our state-cartel system, failed leadership only tightens its grip on the nation's throat. The Deep State can't be fired, nor does it ever stand for election. The two political parties are interchangeable, as are the politicos who race from fund-raiser to fund-raiser. 
It's tempting to blame the individuals who inhale the wealth and power of our failed system, but it's the system, not the individuals , though a more corrupt, craven, self-serving lot cannot easily be assembled. 
In broad brush, the Establishment and its Ruling Elite are still fighting World War II. The solution to the Great Depression and fascism was to cede complete control of the economy, the media and the social order to the central state. 
Tens of millions of people were aggregated into vast industrial corporations or the Armed Forces. Everyone heard the same 'news” and had the same limited choices of work and consumption. 
It was easier for the federal government to control a handful of cartel-corporations and unions, and this cemented the state-cartel system that remains dominant today. 
But the world and the economy changed, and this model was no longer efficient or effective. Sprawling corporations with captive domestic markets started facing global competition, and networks of interchangeable suppliers were much more efficient than vertically organized corporations. 
Adding layers of government bureaucracy to manage increasing complexity was no longer effective or affordable as labor costs rose and the efficiencies of networks outpaced cumbersome hierarchies. 
People lost faith in their government and their cartel-corporations because the truth broke through the state-managed propaganda. Industrial corporations were revealed as greedy polluters; auto manufacturers churned out vehicles with scant care for safety, and the federal government lied to the citizens about the war in Vietnam, and much else. 
The Internet was the stake through the heart of this inefficient, ineffective state-cartel hierarchy. The Internet enabled a level of transparency that was impossible in the old state-cartel model in which everyone watched the same three TV networks and read the same managed 'news.” 
Consumers could now access the experience of other consumers directly, bypassing the filtering mechanisms of a complicit state and the corporate PR/marketing machinery. 
Governments were pressured to (very reluctantly) make public all sorts of material that was safely private in the good old days of backroom dealing and sweetheart contracts with pals. 
The central state's resistance to transparency only reinforced the public's loss of trust. The more money and power the state grabbed, the greater the level of corruption and self-serving insider dealing. The more the state managed the private cartels of banking, Big Pharma, higher education, the military-industrial complex, healthcare insurers, etc., the more costs soared while the quality of the output plummeted. 
The current self-serving Ruling Elite deserves to be fired for its abject failure of leadership. The nation desperately needs leaders who understand the economy and nation are in the midst of a new industrial/digital revolution that favors networks over hierarchy and transparency over state-cartel corruption. 
Unfortunately, as I explain in Resistance, Revolution, Liberation: A Model for Positive Change , the central state has no mechanisms for devolving power to decentralized networks, or surrendering either power or budgets. The central state only knows how to aggregate more power and skim more money from the private economy. 
The last failed remnants of the state-cartel hierarchies left over from World War II must implode before we can move forward. Healthcare, defense, pharmaceuticals, higher education, the mainstream media and the systems of governance must all decay to the point that no one can be protected from the destructive consequences of their failure, and no paychecks can be issued by these failed systems. 
Only then can we face the reality that failure has consequences.

ARTICLE

Posted on November 7, 2016 by WashingtonsBlog 
By George Eliason, an American journalist living in Ukraine. 
'The purpose of ” Inform and Influence Operations” is not to provide a perspective, opinion, or lay out a policy. It is defined as the ability to make audiences 'think and act” in a manner favorable to the mission objectives. This is done through applying perception management techniques which target the audiences emotions, motives, and reasoning. 
These techniques are not geared for debate. It is to overwhelm and change the target psyche. 
Using these techniques information sources can be manipulated and those that write, speak, or think counter to the objective are relegated as propaganda, ill-informed, or irrelevant.” 
What if the strife, rumor, and clamor were part and parcel of an Inform and Influence Operation against Americans to determine the election outcome? Bear with me for a moment as I lay out the proofs. The quote above is from an early 2015 article with the practitioner showing what it could look like in the civilian world. 
” What would we do? Disrupt, deny, degrade, deceive, corrupt, usurp or destroy the information. The information, please don't forget, is the ultimate objective of cyber. That will directly impact the decision-making process of the adversary's leader who is the ultimate target.” – Joel Harding 
IO or IIO (Inform and Influence Operations) as defined by the US Army includes the fields of psychological operations and military deception. All of this is used in the civilian world the same way by private contractors. 
In this election, private contractors were hired to focus their capacity to influence the American population. This is proven and you deserve a step by step look at it if you are voting. 
What Project Veritas shows is damning evidence of what I have been documenting in the emigre series articles since spring 2016. 
By using mainstream media, they started an integrated approach which includes influencing their political opponent's decision making. Media is given messages that follow the same themes and fill the entire information space by using an across the board effort. The effort drowns out any other message. 
According to the Observer, this has been happening throughout the election cycle to benefit Hillary Clinton. ' Rather than informing voters to enrich democracy , the mainstream media has developed a feedback loop between support for particular candidates and the political agenda they intend to support. The freedom of the press is necessary for a democracy to function.” The article further points out that it was the media that helped rig the primaries against Bernie Sanders. 
Wikileaks has clearly shown the interplay between mainstream media and the Clinton campaign. And they have shown clearly that most of the mainstream media are working to influence the election . This goes beyond partisan electioneering. All of this follows the exact pattern, a well planned Information Operation against the American public . 
As Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton was also the Ex-Officio Board Member of the BBG . The BBG (Broadcasting Board of Governors) run RFE/RL (Radio Free Europe/ Radio Liberty). Most of the 8-member board, appointed by the President of the United States, are the who's who of powerful media moguls in film, news, print, and radio. Appointment to the BBG is like being awarded an ambassador position for the media industry. It's also why big media carries the same line or themes. 
The 7th member of the board of directors which runs RFE/RL is Mathew Armstrong . He is a longtime friend and mentor to retired Brigadier general Joel Harding. He provides Harding a lot of access and influence in media. Armstrong's background is public relations. He is an expert in IO and IIO operations. His bio: Author, lecturer, and strategist on public diplomacy and international media . He has worked on traditional and emerging security issues with both civilian and military government agencies, news organizations, think tanks, and academia across several continents. 
In what appears to be a conflict of interest, at least two BBG board members are working actively for the Hillary Clinton presidential campaign. 
Karen Kornbluh is helping refine and to get Hillary Clinton's message out. ” All of them are names to watch if Clinton wins — and key jobs at the FCC and other federal agencies are up for grabs.” 
According to her bio : Karen founded the New America Foundation's Work and Family Program and is a senior fellow for Digital Policy at the Council on Foreign Relations. Karen has written extensively about technology policy, women, and family policy for The Atlantic , The New York Times and The Washington Post . New York Times columnist David Brooks cited her Democracy article 'Families Valued,” focused on 'juggler families” as one of the best magazine articles of 2006. 
Michael Kempner is the founder, President and Chief Executive Officer of MWW Group, a staunch Hillary Clinton supporter, and may get a greater role if she is elected . Kempner is a member of the Public Relations Hall of Fame. Michael Kempner hired Anthony Weiner after the sexting scandal broke in 2011. 
Jeff Shell, chairman of the BBG and Universal Filmed Entertainment is supporting a secondary role by being an honor roll donor to the Atlantic Council . While the BBG is supposed to be neutral it has continuously helped increase tensions in Eastern Europe. While giving to the Atlantic Council may not be illegal while in his position, currently, the Atlantic Council's main effort is to ignite a war with Russia. This may set up a major conflict of interest. 
According to journalist Robert Parry 'The people that will be taking senior positions and especially in foreign policy believe 'This consensus is driven by a broad-based backlash against a president who has repeatedly stressed the dangers of overreach and the need for restraint, especially in the Middle East.” 
Parry goes on to say that at the forefront of this is the Atlantic Council, a think tank associated with NATO. Their main goal is a major confrontation with nuclear-armed Russia. 
The Atlantic Council is the think tank for the CEEC (Central and Eastern European Coalition) which is associated with NATO. The CEEC has only one goal. The question to candidates that mattered is 'Are you willing to go to war with Russia?” Hillary Clinton has received their unqualified support throughout the campaign. 
The Central and Eastern European Coalition represent the various Central and Eastern European countries to the US government. What makes them special in an election is that they control a 20 million person strong bloc vote in key states across the country and sway elections by themselves. The price of a Clinton win is war with Russia. 
While the rest of the BBG board support Clinton's proposed policy of closing Syrian airspace, the CEEC wants it because it will mean direct conflict with Russia. Hillary Clinton's first foray into Islamic politics led to genocide and made the way for ISIS setting up training camps in Kosovo. Hillary Clinton has been friendly with jihadists for as long as she has had a national political career. According to US Special Forces on the ground in Syria training the moderates, there are NO moderates to train . 
Green Berets are forced to train jihadis that they know will eventually attack us. Support our troops? Give them good, honorable missions. They deserve better, don't they? 
As you go through the above links, the information is staggering. Shown are large groups of people strategically located in swing states that will do anything to get her elected. The question is why? 
Politically, we have a two party system. If you say you are Republican, people have at least a general idea of what you mean. For Democrats, it's no different. There are different kinds of politics that fit easily under each umbrella. But the point is they are recognizable and we know where they stand on issues. 
Tell me, what are OUNb beliefs? OUNb is a political party and set of beliefs just like Republican or Democrat. The reason I am asking is that you can't tell me. The odds are you haven't heard about it before. When the Atlantic Council or The Project for the New American Century takes all the senior positions in the Clinton White House, it will be filled with OUNb and similar political partisans for the first time without dissenting voices. 
'Unity to act when required has been the diaspora's mantra – this cannot be disputed . 
As time moves on, we see that things take a natural course. We see that two wings of the OUN – (OUNb)Banderivtsi and (OUNm)Melnykivtsi – are working actively on the international level, working in partnership and currently are in strong negotiations about becoming a single entity again.” 
The OUNb political party started under Stepan Bandera and their political beliefs are quite literally Nazi. In the 1930's they swore undying loyalty to Adolf Hitler and the Diaspora was directing Waffen SS battalions from America secretly even as other Ukrainian emigres were fighting them. The UCCA is the head of OUNb thought in America and now they want America to celebrate their totalitarian beliefs with them. If you disagree with totalitarian politics, you are the enemy. After a brief description of what kind of beliefs the people have from the Atlantic Council that are taking up cabinet positions, the proof it is happening now follows. 
The OUNb were the SS that manned the concentration camps during the Holocaust. They successfully murdered 3 million war prisoners by starving them to death. The OUNb killed over 250,000 Jews, 500,000 Ukrainians, and committed the first Holocaust at Babi Yar. Today the UCCA is funding and running the volunteer battalions raping and killing in Donbass the same way. 
They and the other emigre group leaders are also behind buying the media headlines and reach, damage control, and the Information Operation against Americans today. If you want to know what American politics will look like within a few years, look at Ukraine. 
There are people who live abroad, who do not feel fully accepted as a minority, and here there is a phenomenon which I call long-distance nationalism. . .The members of the diaspora create for themselves an image of the home land, which is a stronger emotional investment than the country in which they live…One negative consequence of the diaspora experience is the emergence of what Ander-son calls non-responsible politics: diaspora participation in the politics in the country with which they identify can often be toxic, and their impact can be felt through the funding of particular political figures, nationalist propaganda, and even weapons…- Multiculturalism, memory, and ritualization: Ukrainian nationalist monuments in Edmonton, Alberta – Pers Anders Rudling 
With the field day the Emigres and paid media had with Donald Trump over David Duke, they forgot to tell you that Ukrainian emigres supporting Hillary Clinton hired Duke in Ukraine as a professor of history and sent their American kids to learn there. Almost all Ukrainian politicians have been through this fascist education system known as MAUP . The Ukrainian American and other likeminded ethnics are the people that will fill the senior foreign and domestic cabinet positions. 
' OUNb leader Ivan Kobasa also took responsibility of making sure the Ukrainian-Americans received the proper secondary education at Ukrainian nationalist schools(MAUP) in Ukraine. From the mid-2000's enrollment in this educational system has skyrocketed into the hundreds of thousands. Today almost all members of the current Ukrainian government are graduates of this ideological system that was taught to them by moderates like David Duke who is also a graduate of the MAUP system.” 
'I do care about social and economic issues affecting every American, but given the war in Ukraine, there is only one issue that we as Ukrainian Americans must focus on: Ukraine . 
The Ukrainian issue 'trumps” all other personal issues! 
A vote for Trump is a vote against Ukraine! 
When it comes to U.S. elections, Ukrainian Americans are a statistically minor, divided, unorganized voting group. The Central and East European Coalition is a coalition of U.S.-based organizations that represent their countries of heritage, a voting group of over 20 million people. The Ukrainian Congress Committee of America and the Ukrainian National Association are member organizations of the CEEC. Americans of East and Central European heritage can make a significant difference and influence the election result if their attention is focused.” Ukraine Weekly The Presidential Election: Can We Make A Difference 
Hillary Clinton's response is she will defend Ukraine's borders! Even though it has no eastern or northern border to defend. She has guaranteed to start a war with Russia if she is elected. 
Not only is Clinton buying the media through these second parties, but they are hiring professional, former military psyops professionals to deny pertinent information from voters and disrupt her political opponents message. At the same time, they are paying an across the board mainstream media to simultaneously publish articles and video that lift her campaign up, disrupt, destroy, and drown out alternate messages. 
Wikileaks noted this when it exposed the Clinton campaign's program to incite violence and obfuscate the point. The Huffington Post example of this is” Editor's note: Donald Trump regularly incites political violence and is a serial liar , rampant xenophobe , racist , misogynist and birther who has repeatedly pledged to ban all Muslims — 1.6 billion members of an entire religion — from entering the U.S”. 
' We understand the Clinton camp has hired beaucoup and Zwanzig (a lot) of trolls, we also understand the Kremlin has done the same. We just do not know if Trump has followed suit. From a counterintelligence perspective, this is confusing as heck. 
One of the really neat things about this election is seeing all my information operations and information warfare friends on social media, contributing and commenting, looking darned intelligent! Theirs is normally the voice of reason, maturity, and intelligence.” Joel Harding 
By systematically and continually attacking the voter's psyche, Americans are being treated in the same way our government treats countries they overthrow . The right to make an informed vote has been denied to support any particular candidate. 
What does an Inform and Influence Operation entail against the American public? Read the following carefully. The term 'anti-western” refers to anyone that disagrees with whom he is working for. In this case, he works for the Ukrainian Emigres. This also covers Syria. Every media outlet or journalist writing about these subjects that aren't carrying the line he lays out is the enemy. These are the tactics being used today during the election. 
'I am building a database of planners , operators, logisticians, hackers, and anyone wanting to be involved with special activities I will call ‘inform and influence activities'. I have received a few different suggestions to help organize operations – of all sorts – against anti-Western elements. No government approval, assistance or funding. This skirts legalities. This is not explicitly illegal and it may not even be legal, at this point. That grey area extends a long way. I am only trying to assess the availability of people willing to participate in such efforts. Technology, equipment and facility offers are also appreciated. If you would like to be included in my database, please send a tailored resume to joel_harding@” 
If you don't think this is possible , this has been going on around you for a long time. look at the credentials of retired Brigadier General Joel Harding and decide for yourself. But first look at what he promises he can do for you when you hire him. 
' Information operations and warfare, also known as influence operations, includes the collection of tactical, operational and strategic information about a competitor as well as the dissemination of information and propaganda in pursuit of a competitive advantage over an competitor or adversary in the corporate, government or military realm. 
It is our job to maximize your advantages over your competitor while minimizing your competitor. We work on the national level down to the individual level. We seek to give you every advantage possible in order to advance your position, increase your reputation, and maximize your standing in your field.” 
' Bio- Joel Harding spent 26 years in the Army ; his first nine years were spent as an enlisted soldier, mostly in Special Forces, as an SF qualified communicator and medic, on an A-Team. After completing his degree, Joel then received his commission as an Infantry Officer and after four years transitioned to the Military Intelligence Corps. 
In the mid 1990s, Joel was working in the Joint Staff J2 in support of special operations, where he began working in the new field called Information Operations. Eligible Receiver 1997 was his trial by fire, after that he became the Joint Staff J2 liaison for IO to the CIA, DIA, NSA, DISA and other assorted agencies in the Washington DC area, working as the intelligence lead on the Joint Staff IO Response Cell for Solar Sunrise and Moonlight Maze . Joel followed this by a tour at SOCCENT and then INSCOM, working in both IO and intelligence. 
Specializing in Russian Information Warfare for the past 30+ months. Consultant, advisor and subject matter expert on Information Operations, Strategic Communication and Public Diplomacy with more than 19 years practical, policy in IO, SC and PD. 35 years experience in broader defense and national security matters. I have lectured all over the world about Information Warfare and Cyberwar and have spoken at numerous conferences. I am currently focusing on the Ukraine/Russia information war with a simultaneous heavy emphasis on the accompanying hybrid war. I currently teach classes about Russian Information Warfare and a second class on Propaganda/Agitprop. Specialties: Information Operations/Information Warfare, Public Diplomacy, Strategic Communication, Counter-Disinformation, Electronic Warfare, Deception, Operational Security, Cyberwar, Intelligence, Special Forces and Special Operations. Primary author Ukraine National Strategy for Information Policy, submitted in 2015 and again in 2016.” 
With his resume, no guess work is needed to understand how effective his friends are. Before going further, ask yourself if this is what elections are supposed to be? 
As a litmus test take Hillary's name out and put down what is known just through Wikileaks in a list. Put McCain's name, Kucinich, Paul, Bush, and ask yourself would this be an acceptable candidate? Add what's been shown here. Is there an acceptable candidate? 
If any of them would be acceptable, sorry like many others you drank the kool-aid already. 
' I've seen how our heroes, activists , journalists, and celebrities have completely sold their souls to support something no person with an iota of morality would do. I've seen them say and do things to derail candidates who would have been a million times better for those less fortunate around us. It's unfortunate most pretend to fight the establishment, to act like they love the people more than they love the struggle and the relevance that it brings them. I am not one of those and I won't continue to be until the good Lord takes me.” Cesar Vargas 
Hillary Clinton is not a Nazi. But every position of relevance will be filled with people that really are political Nazis. They are technically integral nationalists. They look down on democracy in any form. At least now you know what kind of government you are voting for. 
Regardless of who wins, there are 2000 tanks, artillery, and rockets pointed my way, waiting for this election to be over. I am an American that lives in Donbass, and wrote many of the early breaking stories and much of the background about the conflict in Ukraine. 
If you cannot objectively look and see a more sophisticated version of what happened here through 2014 is going on, I can't help you. Soon the OUNb will order the volunteer battalions to start killing civilians on a large scale again. I will go back to reporting on the war. 
If all these things weren't being done, I would keep it simply about policy. Russia is not an enemy of the United States. Instead, I believe I am witnessing a quiet coup that demands legality in America. 
If this Information Operation is allowed to win the 2016 presidency, then elections are fruitless. Every other election will be based on the same strategy. They will have to be for any candidate to win. 
Your voice, your views, your informed choice will no longer matter. The IIO practitioner kills dissent. That's their job. They're only doing their job.

ARTICLE

Natural Blaze 
As the floodwaters receded from Nichols, South Carolina and the surrounding areas, many residents made the emotional journey home to assess what little they had left, a good portion of those people discovering that they had absolutely nothing. Having spent the last several weeks in a shelter operated out of the National Guard Armory in neighboring Mullins (some of those at the shelter are from Mullins also), the shelter residents have been anxious to return home or, at the very least, to return to a home at all. 
After the cleanup has begun and the issue morphed into getting the victims out the shelters, many people thought that the cavalry finally arrived when FEMA announced it was coming to town to 'assess” the damages and the need of the community for aid. Unfortunately for those who don't fully understand the nature of such organizations, FEMA has been anything but a cavalry. 
In fact, despite an annual budget of nearly $14 billion a year , FEMA has done virtually nothing other than 'assess” damages. The agency did not come with water, sandbags, food, blankets or anything else necessary for flood victims. All it brought was an expensive van and lots of paperwork. 
So what does FEMA actually do besides assess? And why on earth would it need $14 billion to assess anything? The answer? Besides creating the blueprint to use a natural disaster, military conflict, economic collapse, and social unrest as justification to set up domestic internment camps alongside the Department of Homeland Security, FEMA acts as a facilitator for loans and 'loan assistance” to victims who have lost their homes and their livelihood. Instead of providing 'trailers” (preferably free of toxic chemicals) to victims, FEMA is instead focused on providing 'low interest” loans through the Small Business Administration . 
While no one is arguing that loan assistance program is the problem, many would rightly wonder why, if this is all FEMA will do in an actual emergency, is there an annual budget of $14 billion? 
For many people, FEMA is just another in a long line of useless and overrated organizations reaping the benefits of the disaster relief industrial complex. The Red Cross, for instance, is notorious for sucking up large sums of money and disappearing, leaving only a fragile house or two behind them to prove that they did, technically speaking, build homes for disaster victims . In Mullins, for instance, where the organization ran the shelter for the Hurricane Matthews victims, the Red Cross was seen as a hindrance as much as it was a help. While the organization's help in running the shelter was appreciated, it was reported by an overwhelming numbers of people in the Mullins area who attempted to bring food and supplies to the victims that the Red Cross rudely refused their assistance. In fact any and all hot food brought by members of the community was actually turned away. Likewise, supplies donated by citizens and people of the surrounding areas were taken in but not actually distributed, instead being shipped to other locations. The Red Cross, in Mullins, actively prevented the community from coming to aid their friends and neighbors. 
Predictably, after the media cameras were gone and the words 'Hurricane Matthew” fell from the headlines, the Red Cross decided to close the last remaining shelter, which was still housing over 80 people at the time. The shelter victims were given only a matter of a few days prior knowledge that they were about to be homeless in the traditional manner, i.e., that they would soon be sleeping on the street. Oh, and they were directed to FEMA to apply for their low interest loans. 
As is typical with the Red Cross and many organizations like it, when the glory of being the 'selfless” disaster relief organization faded, so did its interest in the people it was allegedly there to assist. 
As WPDE TV 15 reported , 
After Hurricane Matthew, the Red Cross opened 95 shelters statewide and 24 in our area. Now, there is only one left open, the National Guard Armory in Mullins. 
As of Monday night, this shelter still has more than 70 people staying there. However, they plan on closing it Thursday at 3 p.m. 
All the people staying at the shelter were evacuated from Nichols after the Little Pee Dee River and Lumber River flooded the town. 
'We don't have a home to go to. That's what I'm telling Red Cross. What are you all going to do with us when you close Thursday? We have a shelter full of people that they don't have a home,” said Margaret Tart, who's staying at the shelter and lived in Nichols. She continued. 'How can you close a shelter and put us out?” 
After outcry from citizens in Mullins and the subsequent negative attention in the local press, however, the Red Cross reversed its decision to close the shelters. WPDE reported the next day , 
About 70 people were still staying there as of Monday night and all had been evacuated from Nichols after the Little Pee Dee River and Lumber River flooded the town. 
Shelter officials were planning to close it as of 3 p.m. on Thursday, but Palm said that decision has changed. 
'We reached an accommodation with our partners and they decided…that they could keep the shelter open as long as was needed there,” he said. 
The disaster response from the Red Cross and FEMA should serve as a lesson not only to Marion County citizens but to every single American. When disaster strikes, you cannot depend on multi-million dollar 'relief” organizations nor can you depend upon FEMA or any other government agency. While we argue that FEMA should be redirected to act as what it was allegedly created to be-a crisis management organization that provides material and logistical support to relief, rescue, and rebuilding operations. 
In the meantime and, unfortunately, in the real world, communities must accept the fact that they are on their own when it comes to disasters. Stronger connections within the community must be built and maintained and the people of both rural and urban areas must begin to make plans and preparations to act for themselves and their neighbors when outside agencies and organizations are not there for them. 
But back to that giant FEMA budget . . . .

ARTICLE

Natural Blaze As if the November elections weren't bad enough news for the world, a new report by the Living Planet Index was recently released that contains very frightening visions for the future.
According to the report, the number of living wild animals is expected to fall by two-thirds by 2020 from its 1970 levels. The report suggests that this massive disappearance is actually part of a mass extinction that will have effects that reach every corner of the globe and ultimately destroying the natural world and thus, humanity itself. 
The report is considered the most comprehensive analysis published so far by many experts. It points out that animal populations between 1970 and 2012 declined by 58 percent and that by 2020 it is projected to reach 67 percent. 
In other words, we are in the midst of a mass die-off and only four years away from seeing an irreparable amount of damage to the natural world. 
Researchers from the World Wildlife Fund (an admittedly questionable organization) and the Zoological Society of London were responsible for compiling the report drawn from various data sources and determined that pollution, over-hunting/fishing and the destruction of wild habitats were to blame. 
Not only endangered species like elephants and gorillas are in danger, however. For instance, vultures and salamanders appear to be on their way to extinction and the animals at risk reside in forests, jungles, mountains, deserts, rivers and oceans. 
According to the Guardian , 
The report analysed the changing abundance of more than 14,000 monitored populations of the 3,700 vertebrate species for which good data is available. This produced a measure akin to a stock market index that indicates the state of the world's 64,000 animal species and is used by scientists to measure the progress of conservation efforts. 
According to the report, logging and the destructing of natural habitats for farming purposes are the biggest cause of animal deaths. Poaching and over fishing and over-hunting for food are other major causes. 
Recent research shows that 300 mammal species are being eaten into extinction . 
Pollution is also an obvious significant factor. 
For instance, dolphins and killer whales in European seas are being killed by the presence of industrial chemicals. In Southeast Asia the vulture population has been decimated for two decades due to the fact that the birds are dying after eating cattle carcasses of cows who had been treated with anti-inflammatory drugs. 
Fungal diseases are having a horrific effect on the amphibian population – a disaster that many believe to be caused by world trade of frogs and newts. 
Rivers and lakes are having the most dramatic declines. Here, animal populations are down 81% since 1970. 
As Marco Lambertini, Director General of WWF, said: 
The richness and diversity of life on Earth is fundamental to the complex life systems that underpin it. Life supports life itself and we are part of the same equation. Lose biodiversity and the natural world and the life support systems, as we know them today, will collapse. 
While Westerners wring their hands and obsess over CO2, they continue to ignore real environmental catastrophes like industrial chemical pollution, over-fishing, loss of biodiversity through genetic modification and unsustainable farming. 
If the world wants to survive 21st century, it will immediately begin to look at ways in which development and higher living standards can be produced while at the same time ensuring that the natural world is protected. 
At this point, we have no other choice.

ARTICLE

Eric Zuesse Here's why: Hillary has repeatedly said: 'We should also work with the coalition and the neighbors to impose no-fly zones that will stop Assad from slaughtering civilians and the opposition from the air. Opposition forces on the ground, with material support from the coalition, could then help create safe areas where Syrians could remain in the country, rather than fleeing toward Europe.” This would mean that U.S. fighter-jets and missiles would be shooting down the fighter-jets and missiles of the Syrian government over Syria, and would also be shooting down those of Russia. The Syrian government invited Russia in, as its protector; the U.S. is no protector but an invader against Syria's legitimate government, the Ba'athist government, led by Bashar al-Assad. The CIA has been trying ever since 1949 to overthrow Syria's Ba'athist government — the only remaining non-sectarian government in the Middle East other than the current Egyptian government. The U.S. supports Jihadists who demand Sharia law, and they are trying to overthrow and replace Syria's institutionally secular government. For the U.S. to impose a no-fly zone anywhere in Syria would mean that the U.S. would be at war against Russia over Syria's skies. Whichever side loses that conventional air-war would then have to choose whether to surrender, or instead to use nuclear weapons against the other side's homeland, in order for it to avoid surrendering. That's nuclear war between Russia and the United States. Would Putin surrender? Would Hillary? Would neither? If neither does, then nuclear war will be the result. Here are the two most extensive occasions in which Hillary has stated her position on this: To the Council on Foreign Relations, on 19 November 2015: We should also work with the coalition and the neighbors to impose no-fly zones that will stop Assad from slaughtering civilians and the opposition from the air. Opposition forces on the ground, with material support from the coalition, could then help create safe areas where Syrians could remain in the country, rather than fleeing toward Europe. This combined approach would help enable the opposition to retake the remaining stretch of the Turkish border from ISIS, choking off its supply lines. It would also give us new leverage in the diplomatic process that Secretary Kerry is pursuing. … QUESTION: When you were secretary of state, you tended to agree a great deal with the then-Secretary of Defense Bob Gates. Gates was opposed to a no-fly zone in Syria; thought it was an act of war that was risky and dangerous. This seems to me the major difference right now between what the president — what Obama's administration is doing and what you're proposing. Do you not — why do you disagree with Bob Gates on this? CLINTON: Well, I — I believe that the no-fly zone is merited and can be implemented, again, in a coalition, not an American-only no-fly zone. I fully respect Bob and his knowledge about the difficulties of implementing a no-fly zone. But if you look at where we are right now, we have to try to clear the air of the bombing attacks that are still being carried out to a limited extent by the Syrian military, now supplemented by the Russian air force. And I think we have a chance to do that now. We have a no-fly zone over northern Iraq for years to protect the Kurds. And it proved to be successful, not easy — it never is — but I think now is the time for us to revisit those plans. I also believe, as I said in the speech, that if we begin the conversation about a no-fly zone, something that, you know, Turkey discussed with me back when I was secretary of state in 2012, it will confront a lot of our partners in the region and beyond about what they're going to do. And it can give us leverage in the discussions that Secretary Kerry is carrying on right now. So I see it as both a strategic opportunity on the ground, and an opportunity for leverage in the peace negotiations. … QUESTION: Jim Ziren (ph), Madam Secretary. Hi. Back to the no- fly zone. are you advocating a no-fly zone over the entire country or a partial no-fly zone over an enclave where refugees might find a safe haven? And in the event of either, do you foresee see you might be potentially provoking the Russians? CLINTON: I am advocating the second, a no-fly zone principally over northern Syria close to the Turkish (ph) border, cutting off the supply lines, trying to provide some safe refuges for refugees so they don't have to leave Syria, creating a safe space away from the barrel bombs and the other bombardments by the Syrians. And I would certainly expect to and hope to work with the Russians to be able to do that. [She expects Putin to join America's bombing of Syria's government and troops and shooting-down of Russia's planes in Syria, but no question was raised about this.] … To have a swath of territory that could be a safe zone … for Syrians so they wouldn't have to leave but also for humanitarian relief, … would give us this extra leverage that I'm looking for in the diplomatic pursuits with Russia with respect to the political outcome in Syria. During a debate against Bernie Sanders in the Democratic primaries: Hillary Clinton, in a debate with Bernie on 19 December 2015, argued for her proposal that the U.S. impose in Syria a 'no-fly zone” where Russians were dropping bombs on the imported jihadists who have been trying to overthrow and replace Assad: 'I am advocating the no-fly zone both because I think it would help us on the ground to protect Syrians; I'm also advocating it because I think it gives us some leverage in our conversations with Russia.” She said there that allowing the jihadists to overthrow Assad 'would help us on the ground to protect Syrians,” somehow; and, also, that, somehow, shooting down Russia's planes in Syria (the 'no-fly zone”) 'gives us some leverage in our conversations with Russia.” Bernie Sanders's response to that was: 'I worry too much that Secretary Clinton is too much into regime change and a little bit too aggressive without knowing what the unintended consequences might be.” He didn't mention nuclear war as one of them. The 'no-fly zone” policy is one of three policies she supports that would likely produce nuclear war; she supports all of them, not merely the 'no-fly zone.” Hillary Clinton has never been asked 'What would you do if Russia refuses to stop its flights in Syria?” Donald Trump has said nothing about the proposal for a no-fly zone (other than 'I want to sit back and see what happens” ), because most Americans support that idea , and he's not bright enough to take her on about it and ask her that question. Probably, if he were supportive of it, he'd have said so — in which case it wouldn't still be an issue in this election. Trump muffed his chance — which he has had on several occasions. But clearly he, unlike her, has not committed himself on this matter. Hillary Clinton is obviously convinced that the U.S. would win a nuclear war against Russia . The question for voters is whether they're willing to bet their lives that she is correct about that, and that even if the U.S. 'wins', only Russia and not also the U.S. (and the world) would be destroyed if the U.S. nuclear-attacks Russia. Every other issue in this election pales by comparison to the no-fly-zone issue, which is virtually ignored, in favor of issues that are trivial by comparison. But a vote for Hillary Clinton is a vote for nuclear war against Russia, regardless of whether or not the voters know this. And a vote for Trump is a vote for the unknown. Could the unknown be even worse than Hillary Clinton? If so, would it be so only in relatively trivial ways? This election should be about Hillary Clinton, not about Donald Trump.

ARTICLE

Posted on November 7, 2016 by DavidSwanson 
1. Stop the efforts to ram through the Trans-Pacific Partnership during the lame duck. 
2. Stop the efforts to ram through a supplemental war spending bill for assorted future wars during the lame duck. 
3. Stop the efforts to repeal the right to sue Saudi Arabia and other nations for their wars and lesser acts of terrorism during the lame duck. 
4. Build a nonpartisan movement to effect real change. 
5. Ban bribery, fund elections, make registration automatic, make election day a holiday, end gerrymandering, eliminate the electoral college, create the right to vote, create public hand counting of paper ballots at every polling place, create ranked choice voting. 
6. End the wars, end the weapons dealing, close the bases, and shift military spending to human and environmental needs. 
7. Tax billionaires. 
8. End mass incarceration and the death penalty and the militarization of police. 
9. Create single-payer healthcare. 
10. Support the rule of law, diplomacy, and aid. 
11. Invest in serious effort to avoid climate catastrophe. 
12. Apologize to the world for having elected President Clinton or Trump. 

1. Build a movement that includes all the Democrats eager to get active. 
2. Build a movement that includes a focus on rights of refugees / immigrants 
3. Build a movement that resists racist violence at home. 
4. Demand a swift end to NAFTA and NATO. 
5. Oppose all the horrible nominations for high offices. 
6. Break up the media cartel. 
7. If win came through voter suppression, seek prosecution immediately. 
8. If win came through fraudulent counting, launch massive campaign to compel Democrats to admit it and protest it. 

1. Build a movement that includes all the Republicans and Libertarians eager to get active. 
2. Build a movement that includes a focus on rights of refugees / immigrants 
3. Build a movement that resists racist violence directed at nations abroad. 
4. Demand serious action on climate change. 
5. Oppose all the horrible nominations for high offices. 
6. Break up the media cartel. 
7. If win came through fraudulent counting, support Trump's noisy denunciation, and if it did not, then reject Trump's noisy denunciation. 

1. Support the independent media that made this possible. 
2. Support all the wonderful nominees for higher office. 
3. Help people in other countries turn their disastrous political systems around too. 
4. Volunteer for public service. This entry was posted in General . Bookmark the permalink . Vote as if your life depended upon it, because it does. → WillDippel 
Here is a look at one of the most ironic emails released from Hillary Clinton's campaign chairman's computer by Wikileaks:

ARTICLE

Posted on November 7, 2016 by Eric Zuesse. Eric Zuesse On November 7th, a Morning Consult and Politico poll of early voters showed Donald Trump to be overwhelmingly viewed by early voters as being the more dangerous of the two major-Party candidates. The mega-corporation Alphabet, formerly known as Google, deserves a lot of the credit for that result, on candidate Hillary Clinton's behalf — against, first, Bernie Sanders, and, now, Mr. Trump. Eric Schmidt, the billionaire Chairman and top executive of Alphabet Corporation, has been behind the scenes working for her campaign all along, and will be beyond being the most powerful person in the world (which he already was) if she wins. On 1 February 2016, FORTUNE bannered, 'Google's Parent Seizes Apple's Crown As Most Valuable U.S. Company” , and that understated the reality: it's been actually the entire world's most valuable company ever since that time (and not merely the 'Most Valuable U.S. Company”). Schmidt detailed in the recently wikileaked 2014 email to Hillary's campaign, the means for winning both the nomination and the ultimate victory. It was an email to Hillary Clinton's aide Cheryl Mills, dated 15 April 2014 , and was promptly forwarded by her to John Podesta, Hillary's campaign manager. Here is just the opening of it, to indicate the types of matters it addressed: 1. Size, Structure and Timing Lets assume a total budget of about $1.5Billion, with more than 5000 paid employees and million(s) of volunteers. The entire startup ceases operation four days after November 8, 2016. The structure includes a Chairman or Chairwoman who is the external face of the campaign and a President who is the executive in charge of objectives, measurements, systems and building and managing the organization. Every day matters as our end date does not change. An official campaign right after midterm elections and a preparatory team assembled now is best. 2. Location The campaign headquarters will have about a thousand people, mostly young and hardworking and enthusiastic. Its important to have a very large hiring pool (such as Chicago or NYC) from which to choose enthusiastic, smart and low paid permanent employees. DC is a poor choice as its full of distractions and interruptions. Moving the location from DC elsewhere guarantees visitors have taken the time to travel and to help. The key is a large population of talented people who are dying to work for you. Any outer borough of NYC, Philadelphia, Atlanta, Boston are all good examples of a large, blue state city to base in. Employees will relocate to participate in the campaign, and will find low cost temporary housing or live with campaign supporters on a donated basis. This worked well in Chicago and can work elsewhere. The computers will be in the cloud and most likely on Amazon Web services (AWS). All the campaign needs are portable computers, tablets and smart phones along with credit card readers. 3. The pieces of a Campaign a) The Field Its important to have strong field leadership, with autonomy and empowerment. Operations talent needs to build the offices, set up the systems, hire the people, and administer what is about 5000 people. Initial modeling will show heavy hiring in the key battleground states. There is plenty of time to set these functions up and build the human systems. The field is about organizing people, voter contact, and get out the vote programs. Then, for example, there's this: Partners like Blue State Digital will do much of the fund raising. A key point is to convert BSD and other partners to pure cloud service offerings to handle the expected crush and load. d) Media (paid), (earned) and (social), and polling New tools should be developed to measure reach and impact of paid, earned and social media. The impact of press coverage should be measurable in reach and impact, and TV effectiveness measured by attention and other surveys. Build tools that measure the rate and spread of stories and rumors, and model how it works and who has the biggest impact. Tools can tell us about the origin of stories and the impact of any venue, person or theme. and this: In the case where we can't identify the specific human, we can still have a partial digital voter id, for a person or 'probable-person” with attributes that we can identify and use to target. As they respond we can eventually match to a registered voter in the main file. This digital key is eventually matched to a real person. It's focused on controlling the outcome regardless of the actual merits of the competing candidates; and Schmidt was an ultimate insider in his knowledge of what companies Podesta should select to carry out the various parts of this operation. (Of course, those companies will then be in a privileged position, alongside Alphabet, serving a Clinton Administration.) Schmidt also was proving to Hillary that in his work for her he was entirely objective in her interests, such as by his recommending Amazon, his big cloud-computing competitor, instead of Alphabet's own cloud-computing service. This is a bipartisan operation, for her, against any and all other candidates. Schmidt also was crucially involved in helping in 2011 to plan the coup in Ukraine that Hillary's State Department was then working on, and which culminated successfully in February 2014 . ( Here's Hillary's protégé Victoria Nuland overseeing the operation and selecting on 4 February 2014 who would be leading the country after the coup: 'Yats” .) This 'democratic revolution' 'featured civic self-organization aided by the use of Internet-based social media, neighborhood initiatives, and online news sites” , and this online operation (directed mainly at rallying Ukraine's anti-Russians, called 'pro-EU' people) fits precisely the 'tech camps” that started inside the U.S. Embassy in Ukraine on 1 March 2013 , after Google's CEO Eric Schmidt and Google's and the U.S. State Department's Jared Cohen, had deceived wikileaks' founder Julian Assange into informing them, on 23 June 2011 , how to foment massive public demonstrations online. As planned (and, of course, Assange had no fore-knowledge of any of this), the coup ended in a very bloody 'false-flag' operation on 20 February 2014, in which Right Sector paramilitaries who had been trained by the rabidly anti-Russian racist Dmitriy Yarosh , and who were dressed as state-security police, shot down upon the crowd and murdered both regular policemen and the protesters, so that the bloodshed would be blamed on the man Obama was trying to oust, the democratically elected President, Viktor Yanukovych (who was lots more popular among Ukrainians than any of the subsequent top leaders of Ukraine have been). Then these Right Sector mercenaries massacred an untold number of Crimeans who had been peacefully demonstrating there in Kiev against the anti-government (called 'Maidan') demonstrators, and who fled back into their eight buses that had taken them there from Crimea, back now to Crimea. Yarosh's people blocked the buses at the town of Korsun and murdered some and injured others . This terrified the people in Crimea, which had voted 75% for the very person that the Obama Administration had just overthrown. That massacre was a key precipitating-event for the plebiscite that was then held in Crimea on 16 March 2014, at which over 90% of the residents voted for Crimea to rejoin with Russia, of which it had been a part until the Soviet dictator in 1954 arbitrarily transferred Crimea to Ukraine. Right Sector thugs (now in plain clothes) were also behind the subsequent 2 May 2014 massacre of the new regime's peacefully demonstrating opponents inside the Trade Unions Building in Odessa — the event that sparked the breakaway of yet another region of Ukraine: Donbass. Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama wanted to control Ukraine because it has the longest border with Russia of any European country and would be ideal for placing missiles aimed at Moscow just a five minutes flight-time away. This was part of a plan that was started actually by U.S. President George Herbert Walker Bush on the night of 24 February 1990 and which both Bill Clinton and Bush's son advanced, as did Obama and as will Hillary — presumably to the plan's ultimate conclusion, war against Russia. It's a massive, decades-long, team-effort, on the part of America's billionaires and their allied billionaires around the world; and, if Clinton wins, then it will be culminated. Eric Schmidt is key to her success in it, and will probably benefit hugely from it, if the conquest can be carried out by non-nuclear means or by 'bluffing' (which, of course, is being carefully gamed-out). But, just in case it goes nuclear, the people who are on the inside have already invested in nuclear bunkers for themselves and their friends and their friends' friends . They are prepared for the worst, but hope for the best (for themselves, at least).

ARTICLE

Eric Zuesse The reliability of all of these reports can reasonably be questioned, but here they are: On October 14th, NBC News bannered 'CIA Prepping for Possible Cyber Strike Against Russia” , and reported that, 'The Obama administration is contemplating an unprecedented cyber covert action against Russia in retaliation for alleged Russian interference in the American presidential election, U.S. intelligence officials told NBC News. … The sources did not elaborate on the exact measures the CIA was considering, but said the agency had already begun opening cyber doors, selecting targets and making other preparations for an operation.” On October 30th, 'Super Station 95” reported an 'Update” saying that 'a trusted source” said: It appears the United States is going to engage in battle in Syria. SuperStation95 just received this communication from a trusted source: I just landed back in the US from Diego Garcia. War is brewing. The island has more aircraft and refueling tankers than I have seen since 2005. Docks were full and 30 ships were moored off shore.This is a huge buildup. B1s and B2s and b52s in abundance. Never seen them all at one place. It seems stupid to bunch them up at one facility. Our layover was only supposed to be for 4 hours but the flight crews were so backed up we stayed overnight. The hotel was full and we bunked in a tent. We have never had to do that before. AF security is everywhere and they were assey. (Acting like strict, suspicious assholes) Just a heads up, keep your eyes open. I know that I am not giving away in classified information, the Russians have a satellite dedicated to watching this island. Also, the navy had 2 subs at the docks at once. I have never seen more than 1 there. B52s have new paint jobs — all flat black. Whats up with that? On top of all this, huge numbers of in-flight refueling tankers are also on the island. More than enough to supply air operations to/from the Middle East, non-stop. This is a very bad development. The US would never stage this much hardware at Diego Garcia unless they were planning a full-out, prolonged, military action. Based upon my military experience as a contractor who has visited Diego Garcia every 6 months for 11 years, we are going to war. On November 3rd, NBC News headlined 'Exclusive: White House Readies to Fight Election Day Cyber Mayhem” , and reported 'Officials are alert for any attempts to create Election Day chaos, and say steps are being taken to prepare for worst-case scenarios, including a cyber-attack that shuts down part of the power grid or the internet. But what is more likely, multiple U.S. officials say, is a lower-level effort by hackers from Russia or elsewhere to peddle misinformation by manipulating Twitter, Facebook and other social media platforms.” This news-report included a video of Andrea Mitchell, headlined 'Is Russia a third party in the 2016 race?” If the United States government, on or after Election Day, says that Russia had done something of this nature, then the U.S. 'response' to the alleged 'cyber-attack from Russia' would presumably be one or more of 'the exact measures the CIA was considering,” as NBC reported on October 14th, and World War III could then start with a cyber-war that could escalate to serious consequences, such as deactivating a power-grid in one or both of the countries, and, subsequently, a direct military invasion, of one by the other. But how would the U.S. public ever be able to come to know whether that alleged Russian provocation actually existed and wasn't instead provoked intentionally by the U.S. government in order to provide a pretext for the U.S. to invade Russia? (After all, we've been pouring troops and weapons onto and near Russia's borders for months now — and how would the U.S. respond to a provocation in which Russia surrounded our border with nukes?) On November 2nd, 'Jeremiah Johnson' an anonymous retired Green Beret, headlined 'Something Big Is Underway On All Fronts: 'Within The Next Few Weeks The Future Of The United States Will Be Decided',” and he reported that: As of this writing, the increased U.S. troop presence in Eastern Europe includes a battalion-sized element of American troops being emplaced in the Suwalki Gap, Polish territory that borders Lithuania in a 60-mile stretch of corridor. The Russian Defense Ministry announced that 600 Russian and Belarussian airborne troops conducted training exercises in Brest, on the Belorussian-Polish border only a few miles from where the U.S. forces are deploying in Poland. This on the heels of Britain deploying 800 men, tanks, and jets to Estonia, along with pledges of Challenger 2 tanks, APC's (Armored Personnel Carriers), and drones. Two companies of French and Danish Soldiers will join the British in the deployment to Estonia. For the first time since 1945, Norway has violated its treaty with Russia (then the Soviet Union) not to station foreign troops on its soil. A company of U.S. Marines will soon be stationed for a 6-month deployment in Norway. The situation is heating up in Ukraine, according to a report on fort-russ.com entitled Ukraine Moves Massive Force up to Lugansk Frontline , published October 28, 2016. The report reveals the Ukrainian Army is deploying 3,500 soldiers and 200 armored vehicles of the 15th Motorized Infantry Brigade to Krasny Oktyabr in the district of Lugansk in Eastern Ukraine. For the first time in history, Romanian airspace is being patrolled by the RAF (Royal Air Force) of Britain. His report closes: 'The next war will be initiated by an EMP [Electro-Magnetic Pulse] device detonated above the continental United States followed by a limited nuclear exchange and then conventional warfare. … Obama is the joker, setting the stage for the transfer of power. That transfer is not going to occur with the losing candidate (in either case) going gently into that good night. The stage is set for a war to begin. The stage is set for a false flag operation to take down our grid. The stage is set to steal the election for Clinton or declare it null and void. Within the next few weeks, the future of the United States will be decided…with or without the consent of the governed.” If it's not true, then why is the U.S. engaging in these preparations? Russia has never attacked America. The Cold War was supposed to have ended. The U.S. government obviously thinks it now is actually hotter than ever, and so, apparently, we place the jihadists on the back burner; we've got a much bigger war to wage, and we'll know soon whether it starts soon after the 'election'.

ARTICLE

Posted on November 7, 2016 by Carl Herman 
John Hankey 's documentary of the assassination of President Kennedy is the single most favorite of my US History students among ~100 film clips I show as a National Board Certified Teacher (shown below). John is a retired Advanced Placement US History teacher, and the best documentary I've found on that game-changing history revealing the US rogue state . 
John's sharp 12-minute video, Is Donald Trump for Real? 
John has rushed to create the following 63-minute documentary connecting Donald Trump to the .01% criminal rogue state leaders: The first 27 minutes document that the Orlando 'shooting” included concocted rhetoric to promote fear of so-called 'radical Muslims.” This connects to FBI Director James Comey, who refused to prosecute Hillary Clinton for obvious crimes of secret State Department communications hiding Clinton Foundation looting in the billions, then attempting to destroy the e-mail evidence . This expands into CIA/US intelligence interests to recruit assets they use for rogue state actions , but pitch to assets as patriotic undercover service. John's analysis concludes that since 9/11, any so-called 'leader” fear-mongering of 'radicalized Islam” are the real terrorists of the US rogue state. The head cheerleader for this fear is Rudy Giuliani, John Trump's alleged Director of Homeland Security . 
John's commentary for this work: 
I didn't expect Trump to bring Rudy Giuliani into his campaign. I didn't anticipate the speeches either of them would give at the convention. I didn't expect Trump to pick someone as dark and dirty as Mike Pence as his vice President. Trump has tied himself, through his policies and speeches, to the perpetrators of both 911 and Orlando. That's what I learned making this video. 
What is the lesson from the 9-11 attacks? Who did the Orlando attacks? This video answers both questions. FBI director, Comey, and the entire FBI organization, began lying and covering up, within hours, perhaps minutes, of the Orlando shooting. He is clearly implicated. This is the same Comey that is in the news right now, holding himself up as a paragon of virtue. 
I didn't expect to learn what I did learn about the shooter: that he went along on ride-alongs with police in high school; that he told his high school friends that he wanted to be a cop; that he was hired by the state of Florida directly out of high school as a prison guard; that he got a degree in police science from the local college; that he worked for the most prestigious, high-security, government-contracted security firm in the world for the last 10 years. He received good reviews in every one of these positions from his supervisors. The FBI saw fit to not mention any of that in their discussions of him. The shooter was gay, and most definitely not devout as a Muslim. Dozens of witnesses say he was the nicest guy you'd ever want to meet. And he supported Hillary for president. Clearly he was expendable. 
John's game-changing documentary on the JFK assassination, Dark Legacy, in its 2-minute trailer : 
1-minute video of George Bush, Sr.'s apparent duping delight of JFK's assassination: 
Dark Legacy highlights in ten minutes : 
Full Dark Legacy documentary in 103 minutes : 
My context for the .01% immediate history: The Crimes The US is a literal rogue state empire led by neocolonial looting liars. The history is uncontested and taught to anyone taking comprehensive courses. If anyone has any refutations of this professional academic factual claim for any of this easy-to-read and documented content , please provide it. US ongoing lie-started and Orwellian-illegal Wars of Aggression require all US military and government to refuse all war orders because there are no lawful orders for obviously unlawful wars. Officers are required to arrest those who issue obviously unlawful orders. And again, those of us working for this area of justice are aware of zero attempts to refute this with, 'War law states (a, b, c), so the wars are legal because (d, e, f).” All we receive is easy-to-reveal bullshit . When Americans are told an election is defined by touching a computer screen without a countable receipt that can be verified, they are being told a criminal lie to allow election fraud . This is self-evident, but Princeton , Stanford , and the President of the American Statistical Association are among the leaders pointing to the obvious (and here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here , here ). Again, no professional would/can argue an election is legitimate when there is nothing for anyone to count. And, duh, corporate media are criminally complicit through constant lies of omission and commission to 'cover” all these crimes. Historic tragic-comic empire is only possible through such straight-face lying, making our Emperor's New Clothes analogy perfectly chosen. The top three benefits each of monetary reform and public banking total ~$1,000,000 for the average American household, and would be received nearly instantly. Please read that twice. Now look to verify for yourself . Demanding arrests as the required and obvious public response rather than 'voting' for more disaster: 
The categories of crime include: Wars of Aggression (the worst crime a nation can commit). Likely treason for lying to US military, ordering unlawful attack and invasions of foreign lands, and causing thousands of US military deaths. Crimes Against Humanity for ongoing intentional policy of poverty that's killed over 400 million human beings just since 1995 (~75% children; more deaths than from all wars in Earth's recorded history). 
US military, law enforcement, and all with Oaths to support and defend the US Constitution against all enemies, foreign and domestic, face an endgame choice: Demand arrests , with those with lawful authority to enact it. An arrest is the lawful action to stop apparent crimes , with the most serious crimes documented here meaning the most serious need for arrests. Watch the US escalate its rogue state crimes that annually kill millions, harm billions, and loot trillions. 
In just 90 seconds , former US Marine Ken O'Keefe powerfully states how you may choose to voice 'very obvious solutions”: arrest the criminal leaders (video starts at 20:51, then finishes this episode of Cross Talk ): Solutions worth literal tens of trillions to 'We the People': 
Again: The top three benefits each of monetary reform and public banking total ~$1,000,000 for the average American household, and would be received nearly instantly. Please read that twice. Now look to verify for yourself . We can quantify the end of the lie-started and illegal Wars of Aggression quickly into the trillions, and that said, it's worth a lot more than what we quantify. Truth : a world in which education is expressed in its full potential to only and always begin with good-faith effort for objective, comprehensive, and verifiable data. 
** 
Note: I make all factual assertions as a National Board Certified Teacher of US Government, Economics, and History, with all economics factual claims receiving zero refutation since I began writing in 2008 among Advanced Placement Macroeconomics teachers on our discussion board , public audiences of these articles , and international conferences (and here ). I invite readers to empower their civic voices with the strongest comprehensive facts most important to building a brighter future. I challenge professionals, academics, and citizens to add their voices for the benefit of all Earth's inhabitants. 
** 
Carl Herman is a National Board Certified Teacher of US Government, Economics, and History; also credentialed in Mathematics. He worked with both US political parties over 18 years and two UN Summits with the citizen's lobby, RESULTS , for US domestic and foreign policy to end poverty. He can be reached at 
Note: Examiner.com has blocked public access to my articles on their site (and from other whistleblowers), so some links in my previous work are blocked. If you'd like to search for those articles other sites may have republished, use words from the article title within the blocked link. Or, go to http://archive.org/web/ , p aste the expired link into the box, click 'Browse history,” then click onto the screenshots of that page for each time it was screen-shot and uploaded to webarchive. I'll update as 'hobby time” allows; including my earliest work from 2009 to 2011 (blocked author pages: here , here ). This entry was posted in General . Bookmark the permalink . Donate Recent Posts

ARTICLE

https://soundcloud.com/davidcnswanson/talk-nation-radio-sonia-kennebeck-on-the-drone-as-national-bird 
Sonia Kennebeck is director and producwer of National Bird, an amazing new documentary about drones. Kennebeck is an independent documentary filmmaker and investigative journalist with more than 15 years of directing and producing experience. She has directed eight television documentaries and more than 50 investigative reports. She lives in New York where she runs her own production company (Ten Forward Films) that makes films about international politics and human rights. Filmmaker Magazine recently selected her as one of the '25 New Faces of Independent Film 2016.” Sonia Kennebeck received a Master's degree in International Affairs from American University in Washington, D.C. and was born in Malacca, Malaysia. National Bird is her first feature-length documentary film.

ARTICLE

Posted on November 8, 2016 by Charles Hugh Smith 
Though it has been billed as the main event for months, the presidential election has always been a side show –or from one point of view, a freak show. 
As I write this on Monday, I have no idea who will win the side show unpopularity contest (i.e. the presidential race)–and it doesn't really matter as much as apoplectic partisans would have us believe. 
The reason why it doesn't matter much which unpopular candidate wins is the issues facing the nation are far larger than partisan politics or the corrupt Ruling Elite that is freaking out about the possibility of a Trump presidency disrupting its self-serving skims and scams. 
As I described yesterday in America's Ruling Elite Has Failed and Deserves to Be Fired ,we are in the midst of a fast-moving Industrial-Digital Revolution that is upending the political, economic and social orders. The global economy's current mode of production is in fits and starts being replaced with a new mode of production that bypasses the Ruling Elite's centralized skims and scams. 
Real reform is impossible in the current Status Quo , a dynamic I described in my book Why Our Status Quo Failed and Is Beyond Reform and illustrated with this chart. 
The Ruling Elite will never allow real reform because real reform threatens their dominance and wealth. Instead, the Ruling Elite proposes modest policy tweaks that increase their dominance by limiting innovation and competition and transferring the systemic risks and costs of their skims/scams to the non-elites. 
If a crisis does threaten their dominance, any meaningful reforms that result from the crisis will be watered down once the storm has passed. 
The core problem is the Status Quo and its Ruling Elite rely on centralized hierarchies, regulatory capture and mobile capital to protect their dominance from innovation and competition. This aligned perfectly with the centralized World War II-era state-cartel/ central-bank mode of production that has dominated the economy and society since 1945. 
But the Industrial-Digital Revolution is destabilizing these inflexible, centralized hierarchies which cannot compete with decentralized, flexible networks in output, efficiency or cost. 
This presents the self-serving Ruling Elites with an impossible choice: either embrace the Industrial-Digital Revolution's efficiencies and watch the foundation of their own dominance and wealth crumble, or defend their bloated, inefficient and increasingly bankrupt centralized hierarchies from innovation and competition–a war they are losing and cannot possibly win. 
The Status Quo is not just financially bankrupt–it is morally and intellectually bankrupt as well. The level of insider dealing, self-aggrandizement, collusion and corruption in the Ruling Elite is off the charts, and this is now visible for all to see. 
The Status Quo's intellectual grab-bag of narratives and ideologies is devoid of anything remotely aligned with the Industrial-Digital Revolution. The Status Quo's intellectual grab-bag consists of 70-year old cults (the Keynesian Cargo Cult of Paul Krugman et al.) that have visibly failed and tired throwbacks to 1950: if only corporations weren't global, and if only capital wasn't mobile and if only the central state taxed us even more and borrowed and spent more… 
These 1945 ideas cannot possibly succeed in the Industrial-Digital Revolution's mode of production . But both political parties, the Ruling Elites and the Establishment they dominate have no idea of how to manage this radically transformative mode of production . They are a clueless herd trampling the non-elites as they rush headlong over the cliff. 
(I cover this emerging economy in The Nearly Free University and the Emerging Economy and Get a Job, Build a Real Career and Defy a Bewildering Economy , and sketch a new systemic approach in A Radically Beneficial World: Automation, Technology & Creating Jobs for All .) 
No leader can stop the emergence of a new mode of production . All they can do is engineer a crash by clinging to the expiring mode of production . The leadership of the U.S. sees only one path: further centralization that increases the power of the central state-bank-cartel mode of production . This is the road to ruin, akin to protecting the buggy-whip industry and the Whig Party at all costs. 
Politicians aren't actually leaders. All they can do is give voice to what the people are willing to support, resist needed transformation by supporting a corrupt, sclerotic status quo or introduce the people to a new narrative. 
Sadly, our self-serving Ruling Elite is only capable of resisting needed transformation by supporting a corrupt, sclerotic status quo. A new leadership class that actually understands the new mode of production may eventually emerge, but only after the corrupt, sclerotic status quo has deservedly collapsed under its own weight.

ARTICLE

Here's Why Hillary Won't Allow Her Corporate Speeches to be Published Eric Zuesse (update added 8 November 2016) In a previous report, I indicated 'Why Hillary Clinton's Paid Speeches Are Relevant” , but not what they contained. The present report indicates what they contained. One speech in particular will be cited and quoted from as an example here, to show the type of thing that all of her corporate speeches contained, which she doesn't want the general public to know about. This is the day's keynote speech, which she gave on Wednesday, 25 June 2014 , to the Biotechnology Innovation Organization , a lobbying organization in DC, at their annual convention, which in 2014 was held in San Diego . The announcement for attendees said: 'Wednesday's Keynote session is sponsored by Genentech, and is open to Convention registrants with Convention Access and Convention Access & Partnering badges only. Seating is limited.” Somehow, a reporter from a local newspaper, the Times of San Diego , managed to get in. Also, somehow, an attendee happened to phone-video the 50-minute interview that the BIO's CEO did of Clinton, which took place during the hour-and-a-half period, 12-1:30, which was allotted to Clinton. The Times of San Diego headlined that day, 'Hillary Clinton Cheers Biotechers, Backing GMOs and Federal Help” , and gave an excellent summary of her statements, including of the interview. Here are highlights: — It was red meat for the biotech base. Hillary Rodham Clinton, in a 65-minute appearance at the BIO International Convention on Wednesday, voiced support for genetically modified organisms and possible federal subsidies. … 'Maybe there's a way of getting a representative group of actors at the table” to discuss how the federal government could help biotechs with 'insurance against risk,” she said. Without such subsidies, she said, 'this is going to be an increasing challenge.” … She said the debate about GMOs might be turned toward the biotech side if the benefits were better explained, noting that the 'Frankensteinish” depictions could be fought with more positive spin. 'I stand in favor of using seeds and products that have a proven track record,” she said [at 29:00 in the video next posted here] , citing drought-resistant seeds she backed as secretary of state. 'There's a big gap between the facts and what the perceptions are.” [that too at 29:00] … Minutes earlier, Gov. Jerry Brown made a rousing 3-minute pitch for companies to see California as biotech-friendly. 'You've come to the right place.” … Brown had some competition for biotech boosterism in the form of Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe, the longtime Clinton ally who pitched his own state as best for biotech. … [Clinton was] Given a standing ovation at the start and end of her appearance. — In other words: As President, she would aim to sign into law a program to provide subsidies from U.S. taxpayers to Monsanto and other biotech firms, to assist their PR and lobbying organizations to eliminate what she says is 'a big gap between the facts and what the perceptions are” concerning genetically modified seeds and other GMOs. In other words: she ignores the evidence that started to be published in scientific journals in 2012 showing that Monsanto and other GMO firms were selectively publishing studies that alleged to show their products to be safe, while selectively blocking publication of studies that — on the basis of better methodology — showed them to be unsafe. She wants U.S. taxpayers to assist GMO firms in their propaganda that's based on their own flawed published studies, financed by the GMO industry, and that ignores the studies that they refuse to have published. She wants America's consumers to help to finance their own being poisoning by lying companies, who rake in profits from poisoning them. Her argument on this, at 27:00 to 30:00 in the video of the 50-minute interview of Clinton , starts by her citing the actual disinformation (that's propagandized by the fossil-fuels industries, which actually back her Presidential campaign ) that causes the American public to reject the view that humans have caused global warming. At 27:38 in the video, she said '98% of scientists in the world agree that man has caused the problem” of global warming, and she alleged that the reason why there is substantial public resistance to GMOs is the same as the reason why there's substantial public resistance to the reality that global warming exists and must be actively addressed: Americans don't know the science of the matter. She received several applauses from this pro-GMO audience, for making that false analogy. The reality, that it's false, is that on 15 May 2013, the definitive meta-study, which examined the 11,944 published studies that had been done relating to the question of global warming and its causes, reported that '97.1% endorsed the consensus position that humans are causing global warming.” The meta-study was titled 'Quantifying the consensus on anthropogenic global warming in the scientific literature” . So, Clinton's statement '98%” was only 0.9% off regarding the size of the scientific consensus. However, her implication that the public's rejection of that actual 97.1% of experts' findings on global warming, is at all analogous to the public's rejection of the actually bogus finding by GMO industry 'experts' that GMOs are safe, is pure deception by her. The reality is the exact contrary: The fossil-fuels industries have financed the propaganda 'discrediting' the scientists' consensus about global warming, much like the GMO industries have financed the deception of the public to think that 'scientists' 'find' that GMOs are safe. In fact, as was reported in Scientific American , on 23 December 2013, ''Dark Money' Funds Climate Change Denial Effort” , and the study they were summarizing, from the journal Climate Change , was titled 'Institutionalizing delay: foundation funding and the creation of U.S. climate change counter-movement organizations” . It found that: 'From 2003 to 2007, the Koch Affiliated Foundations and the ExxonMobil Foundation were heavily involved in funding CCCM [climate change counter-movement] organizations. But since 2008, they are no longer making publicly traceable contributions to CCCM organizations. Instead, funding has shifted to pass through [two] untraceable sources [ both of which had been set up by the Kochs: Donors Trust, and Donors Capital Fund ] . ' On 23 April 2016, Politico headlined 'Charles Koch: 'It's possible' Clinton is preferable to a Republican for president” , but this isn't the only indication that Hillary is merely pretending to be their enemy. On 24 February 2016, I headlined 'Hillary Clinton's Global-Burning Record” and summarized and linked to news reports such as the opening there: 'On 17 July 2015, Paul Blumenthal and Kate Sheppard at Huffington Post bannered, 'Hillary Clinton's Biggest Campaign Bundlers Are Fossil Fuel Lobbyists' and the sub-head was 'Clinton's top campaign financiers are linked to Big Oil, natural gas and the Keystone pipeline.'” In other words: the same pro-GMO lobbyists who applaud Hillary for verbally endorsing the science that affirms global warming, applaud her for endorsing their own fake 'science' which asserts that GMOs have been proven safe. They just love her lie, which analogizes them to the authentic scientists who (97.1%) say that global warming exists and is caused by humans' emissions of global-warming gases. Also, she expressed the wish that: 'the federal government could help biotechs with 'insurance against risk,' she said. Without such subsidies, she said, this is going to be an increasing challenge,” because otherwise, biotech companies might get bankrupted by lawsuits from consumers who might have become poisoned by their products. She wants the consuming public to bear the risk from those products — not the manufacturers of them to bear any of the risks that could result from those manufacturers' rigged 'safety' 'studies' (a.k.a.: their propaganda). In other words: the reason why Hillary Clinton won't allow her 91 corporate speeches, for which she was paid $21,667,000 , to be published, is the lying political cravenness of her pandering to those corporations there. Each group of lobbyists is happy to applaud her lying, regardless of whether her lies include insults against another group of lobbyists, to whom she might be delivering similar lies to butter them up at a different annual convention or etc. In other words: she's telling all of them collectively: You're my type of people, and the public who despise you are merely misguided, but as President I'll set them straight and they'll even end up paying part of the bill to be 'educated' about these matters, by my Administration, and even part of the bill to pay corporations' product-liability suits. The reason why Clinton doesn't want those speeches to be made public is that she doesn't want the voters to know that she intends to use their money to propagandize to them for the benefit of those corporations, and also to protect those corporations from liability for harms their products cause the public. This is called (by the propagandists) 'capitalism' and 'democracy' . Mussolini, with pride, called it sometimes 'fascism,” and sometimes 'corporationism.” But whatever it's called, it's what she supports, and what she represents, to the people who are paying her. And even most of her own voters would find it repulsive, if they knew about it. So: she can't let them know about it. And she doesn't. UPDATE : On 5 October 2016, fifty-six food-related lobbying organizations, such as the American Soybean Association and the International Dairy Foods Association, and including some universities that receive large income from biotech firms to produce 'scientific studies' so they can promote their products as being 'proven safe', wrote a letter to the heads and ranking members of the Appropriations Committee in both the House and Senate, opening , 'The undersigned organizations support the inclusion of $3 million within the Fiscal Year 2017 Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act to better inform the public about the application of biotechnology to food and agricultural production. Regrettably, there is a tremendous amount of misinformation about agricultural biotechnology in the public domain. Dedicated educational resources will ensure key federal agencies responsible for the safety of our nation's food supply – the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) – are able to more easily convey to the public science- and fact-based information about food.” That was exactly what Hillary Clinton had proposed on 25 June 2014 to the Biotechnology Innovation Organization (which was one of those 56 lobbying groups). As to whether the idea had originated with Clinton or with top executives in the biotech industry, one can, at the present time, only speculate. However, she was on record (privately) proposing it to the biotech industry more than two years before the biotech industry proposed it to Congress.

ARTICLE

Posted on November 9, 2016 by DavidSwanson 
Dear Democrats, 
Are you finding yourselves suddenly a bit doubtful of the wisdom of drone wars? Presidential wars without Congress? Massive investment in new, smaller, 'more usable” nuclear weapons? The expansion of bases across Africa and Asia? Are you disturbed by the wars in Afghanistan, Iraq, Syria, Libya, and Yemen? Can total surveillance and the persecution of whistleblowers hit a point where they've gone too far? Is the new Cold War with Russia looking less than ideal now? How about the militarization of U.S. police: is it time to consider alternatives to that? 
I hear you. I'm with you. Let's build a movement together to end the madness of constantly overthrowing governments with bombs. Let's propose nonviolent alternatives to a culture gone mad with war. Let's end the mindset that creates war in the first place . 
We have opportunities as well as dangers. A President Trump is unpredictable. He wants to proliferate nuclear weapons, bomb people, kill people, stir up hatred of people, and increase yet further military spending. But he also said the new Cold War was a bad idea. He said he wanted to end NATO, not to mention NAFTA, as well as breaking the habit of overthrowing countries left and right. Trump seems to immediately back off such positions under the slightest pressure. Will he adhere to them under massive pressure from across the political spectrum? It's worth a try . 
We have an opportunity to build a movement that includes a focus on and participation from refugees/immigrants. We have a chance to create opposition to racist wars and racism at home. We may just discover that what's left of the U.S. labor movement is suddenly more open to opposing wars. Environmental groups may find a willingness to oppose the world's top destroyer of the environment: the U.S. military. Civil liberties groups may at long last be willing to take on the militarism that creates the atrocities they oppose. We have to work for such a broader movement. We have to build on the trend of protesting the national anthem and make it a trend of actively resisting the greatest purveyor of violence on earth. 
I know you're feeling a little beat down at the moment. You shouldn't. You had a winning candidate in Bernie Sanders. Your party cheated him out of the nomination. All that stuff you tell yourselves about encouraging demographic trends and the better positions of young people is all true. You just looked for love in all the wrong places. Running an unpopular candidate in a broken election system is not the way to change the world. Even a working election system would not be the central means by which to improve anything. There's no getting back the mountains of money and energy invested in this election. But activism is an unlimited resource. Directing your energies now in more strategic directions can inspire others who in turn can re-inspire you. 

Dear Republicans, 
Your outsider is threatening insiderness. He's got the same tribe of DC corporate lobbyists planning his nominations that Hillary Clinton had lined up for hers. Can we resist that trend? Can we insist that the wars be ended? Can those moments of off-the-cuff honesty about dinosaurs like NATO be turned into actual action? Donald Trump took a lot of heat for proposing to be fair to Palestinians as well as Israelis, and he backed off fast. Can we encourage him to stand behind that initial inclination? 
Can we stop the Trans-Pacific Partnership and end NAFTA as well? We heard a million speeches about how bad NAFTA is. How about actually ending it? Can we stop the looming war supplemental spending bill? Can we put a swift halt to efforts in Congress to repeal the right to sue Saudi Arabia and other nations for their wars and lesser acts of terrorism? 
How about all that well deserved disgust with the corporate media? Can we actually break up that cartel and allow opportunities for media entrepreneurs? 

Dear United States, 
Donald Trump admitted we had a broken election system and for a while pretended that he would operate outside of it by funding his own campaign. It's time to actually fix it. It's time to end the system of legalized bribery, fund elections, make registration automatic, make election day a holiday, end gerrymandering, eliminate the electoral college, create the right to vote, create the public hand-counting of paper ballots at every polling place, and create ranked choice voting as Maine just did. 
Voter suppression efforts in this year's elections should be prosecuted in each state. And any indications of fraud in vote counting by machines should be investigated. We should take the opportunity created by all the McCarthyist nonsense allegations of Russian interference to get rid of unverifiable voting. 
There are also areas in which localities and states, as well as international organizations and alliances, must now step up to take the lead. First and foremost is investing in a serious effort to avoid climate catastrophe. Second is addressing inequality that has surpassed the Middle Ages: both taxing the overclass and upholding the underclass must be pursued creatively. Mass incarceration and militarized police are problems that states can solve. 
But we can advance a positive agenda across the board by understanding this election in the way that much of the world will understand it: as a vote against endless war. Let's end the wars, end the weapons dealing, close the bases, and cut the $1 trillion a year going into the military. Hell, why not demand that a businessman president for the first time ever audit the Pentagon and find out what it's spending money on? 

Dear World, 
We apologize for having elected President Trump as well as for nearly electing President Clinton. Many of you believe we defeated the representative of the enlightenment in favor of the sexist racist buffoon. This may be a good thing. Or at least it may be preferable to your eight-year-long delusion that President Obama was a man of peace and justice. 
I hate to break it to you, but the United States government has been intent on dominating the rest of you since the day it was formed. If electing an obnoxious president helps you understand that, so much the better. Stop joining in U.S. 'humanitarian wars” please. They never were humanitarian, and if you can recognize that now, so much the better. The new guy openly wants to 'steal their oil.” So did the last several presidents, although none of them said so. Are we awake now? 
Shut down the U.S. bases in your country. They represent your subservience to Donald Trump. Close them. 
Want to save the earth's climate? Build a nonviolent movement that resists destructive agendas coming out of the United States. 
Want to uphold the rule of law, diplomacy, aid, decency, and humanitarianism? Stop making exceptions for U.S. crimes. Tell the International Criminal Court to indict a non-African. Prosecute the crime and crimes of war in your own courts. Stop cooperating in the surrounding and threatening of Russia, China, and Iran. Clinton wanted to send weapons to Ukraine and bomb Syria. Make sure Trump doesn't. Make peace in Ukraine and Syria before January. 
It's time that we all began treating the institution of war as the unacceptable vestige of barbarism that it can appear when given an openly racist, sexist, bigoted face. We have the ability to use nonviolent tools to direct the world where we want it to go. We have to stop believing the two big lies: that we are generally powerless, and that our only power lies in elections. Let's finally get active. Let's start by ending war making . This entry was posted in General . Bookmark the permalink .

ARTICLE

Orangutan. 
Rigged. Worth trying but its not a fair game. Smartmatic style Diebold type machines and software will count the votes and the corporate controlled media will announce the results. No mention of Election Fraud or the problems of the past. Long live Mike Connell, Clint Curtis, Bev Harris, Brad Friedman, RFK Jr. and other whistleblowers who have tried to fight for our democracy. Will only get worse from here it seems. Always hopeful though. David S 
Government will win as always. Freedom will lose as always. The ruling elite control most elected officials and hundreds of thousands of government bureaucrats legislate unconstitutionally from their offices. We sit upon $20 Trillion in real debt and another $250+Trillion in unfunded liabilities. Trump wishes to increase military spending and Hillary never met a war she didn't support (on behalf of her puppetmasters of course). Our medical system is nearly completely destroyed by over a century of government micromanagement and collusion with the AMA. We have more people incarcerated than nearly every other country on earth – mostly for non-violent drug offenses – and neither candidate looks to have the courage or the desire to truly allow freedom in this area (though Trump shows the greatest hope). Our government/CIA/other black ops groups, etc. are working tirelessly to undermine governments around the world, incite violence, and provoke armed conflict – maybe even nuclear – all for the benefit of the arms cartel and banksters who profit from every war. The people of America clearly have NO interest in restoring freedom, liberty, private property rights, business rights, sound money, etc. anymore. This 'rebellion” that has gotten behind Trump still needs to bear fruit with regards to demanding REAL change at the federal and state levels. What will come of the following months is to be seen, but I suspect, as with so many previous 'rebellions,” these folks will go back to their televisions, iPads, and Playstations and will forget about the fundamental corruption and crony capitalism that is destroying this country so long as they get a few bones thrown their way to pacify them. Let us hope something far more profound comes of it all. Time for a drink. kimyo 
fwiw: a screencap of 'final' results displayed on 11/2 (apparently by accident) by nbc station wrcb-tv shows: popular vote: clinton 41,765,317 / trump 40,124,438, electoral college: clinton 343 / trump 195. 
although the early reporting showing trump with a commanding lead matches my take on american sentiment, my cynical side suspects that it is the msm's way of getting out the later-voting clinton supporters 
if anonymous were a real thing, today's show would be have been completely different. real hackers don't waste their precious time defacing websites. 
ps: if trump does win, i picture zuesse as the dog, who, after years of chasing, has finally caught that darn UPS truck. growling, jowls full of brown bumper, but with a dawning comprehension on his brow, realizing 'well, exactly what do i do now?' Orangutan. 
Continuity of Gov't plans have been implemented and in place. Dept of Homeland Security is now running our elections. The results will not be publicly available for review anymore according to Bev Harris. Similar to the results in California where the primary was announced for Hillary but Bernie may have actually ended up winning there. Welcome to the 1984 style Continuity of Government plan and Department of Homeland Security run elections thanks to the public's refusal to emotionally or intellectually acknowledge the truth about 9/11 or the false flag anthrax attacks that followed. TruthTime 
Especially agree with the comment about the Anthrax attack. The criminals are still at large for that blatantly, obvious state-sponsored crime. I laughed when Obama's Administration decided to shut down any investigation into it. 
America is a Nation of subjects who are continually subjected to the lies and falsehoods of their elected leaders. We have state crimes going far back to the era of JFK. People that still think Corruption isn't really that bad in Washington, that it's all a 'conspiracy theory.” Carl_Herman 
Thank you for asking, GW. It's not an 'election” when it fails to meet that definition due to multiple methods for election fraud. It's not for a 'US president” therefore, but an appointed 'leader.” And, it's not reported by media, but the appointers' propaganda minions. 
Of course, if we continue this argument with ~100 other points centered in lie-started Wars of Aggression, bankster-looting, and lying about near everything important, we can't even call it the US as defined by our Constitution. 
So, where do we go from here? 
Start with truth. Then see what develops. Charlie Primero 
Carl, this vote shows that all the people you have been trying to 'wake up” to the corruption and graft are waking up. 
This is just the beginning. Be happy. MyWikiDisQus 
It does not matter what we think or do or say anymore. The republic has been overthrown by the plutocrats who remain in power as long as the citizenry believe in the concocted and fraudulent electoral system they fabricated that selects the candidate who serves them, not the people. Participation of the masses is necessary to grant them the mandate to ensure the continuity of their reign that has continually impoverished the majority of the nation. 
In the beginning representative government in America was a wonderful experiment that has since devolved, brick by brick, decade by decade into a shell of its former creation to become a bastion of despotism. The poor are still slaves, indentured to the government by onerous debt as Negros were to their 19 century plantations masters; only the title of ownership has changed. The middle class, once a foundation of prosperity has now become an economic ghost, relegated to the status of freemen of the peasant class. 
The wealthy are richer in material possession, millionaires become billionaires and the government siphons off from the upper class to enrich itself by political favor, by statute and regulation, by ignoring the rule of equal justice under the law. 
How long will the people tolerate this abomination of corrupt authority? What will be the future event that triggers the entire country to say, 'Enough!”? Will it be a complete economic breakdown of society or the devastation of nuclear war on our soil? 
'We the People” have the power, we have always possessed it. The time of reconciliation is upon us, we must balance the ledger of liberty back in our favor. The only way to peacefully do it is reject the system that oppresses us. Do not engage with them, do not obey them, tell them their lies carry no truth, we see through the veil of falsity and reject it and demand a new path to opportunity and happiness for all who are willing to work towards it. TruthTime 
The U.S. is fucked. 
But it needs to collapse now or within 100 years for people to totally realize they were duped. It is the only way to start anew. kimyo 
according to zh, trump has ohio, florida and north carolina. 
my top 3 questions: 1) will there be a thorough investigation of the clinton foundation? 2) what will he do if the next 9/11 happens on his watch? 3) will he kill cop21 and defund global warming research? diogenes 
One thing is utterly clear: if Trump wins, the wholly Wall Street owned Democratic Party gave it to him by rigging primaries to put the Clinton criminal gang on the ballot. 
Because Bernie would have won — won with the votes not only of millions of nominally 'Democratic” voters who rightly can't stomach Clinton and didn't vote for her (whether we voted Green, or Libertarian or Trump or stayed home) — but also with the votes of millions who are voting Trump because he appears to at least not be part of the Wall Street criminal gang of hereditary oligarchs. Tim Chambers 
Looks like Trump will be President and free to do as he pleases. The Repug's bet on Scalia's seat has been made good. The Democrats will now have to rethink identity politics and third way neoliberalism. I wonder if Obama will try to ram through the trade agreements and a few other monstrosities now during the lame duck session. 
Bye, Bye, Hillary, bye bye. It's the one silver lining to the overhanging clouds. What a disaster of a candidate! Such arrogant over-confidence. And what a comeuppance for the party and its big money backers! It is going to cost them a lot of money to into Trumps good graces. 
All we need now is for Trump to sell out his working class supporters for the Democrats to return to a sincere class-based politics that brings back the independent voters. They should have given Bernie his rightful chance. 
Unfortunately, what we are likely to see is another attempt by the Clintons 4 years from now against Warren. Two losses isn't likely to dissuade that bitch in the least. 
I told you back in April and again 2 weeks ago that Trump would win!! http://www.washingtonsblog.com/2016/10/donald-j-trump-will-win.html Tim Chambers 
fuggetaboutit Evil Genius 
Who knows the Clintons and Waltons better than Arkansas? My favorite part was Arkansas voted 2-1 against Clinton. Ha ha ha! 
(BTW GW: There's an error in Robert Parry's bio…the word 'broke” is missing (i.e., 'broke stories”).) kimyo 
imagine if tomorrow trump says 'yes, absolutely, we're going to build that wall, but while we're waiting for the check from mexico why don't we find 500 out-of-work engineers and architects and 5,000 out-of-work construction folk and send them to flint to fix the water system. (costs him nothing, delivers grand justice) 
cnn had a bad day today, but they'd be totally f'd tomorrow. 
trump should hire some guy (me!) whose only job is to make cnn miserable, each day worse than the last. 
ps: arpaio gone is nice. cali cannabis is nice. why is this thread so inactive? Jack 
It's time to collapse this mess and start new. Charlie Primero

ARTICLE

Posted on November 8, 2016 by WashingtonsBlog 
By Robert Parry, the investigative reporter who many of the Iran-Contra stories for The Associated Press and Newsweek in the 1980s. Originally published at Parry's Consortium News (republished with permission). 
As much as The New York Times and the mainstream U.S. media have become propaganda outlets on most foreign policy issues, like the one-sided coverage of the bloody Syrian war, sometimes the truth seeps through in on-the-ground reporting by correspondents, even ones who usually are pushing the 'propo.” 
Such was the case with Anne Barnard's new reporting from inside west Aleppo, the major portion of the city which is in government hands and copes with regular terror rocket and mortar attacks from rebel-held east Aleppo where Al Qaeda militants and U.S.-armed-and-funded 'moderate” rebels fight side-by-side. Samantha Power, Permanent Representative of the United States to the UN, addresses the Security Council meeting on Syria, Sept. 25, 2016. Power has been an advocate for escalating U.S. military involvement in Syria. (UN Photo) 
Almost in passing, Barnard's article on Sunday acknowledged the rarely admitted reality of the Al Qaeda/”moderate” rebel collaboration, which puts the United States into a de facto alliance with Al Qaeda terrorists and their jihadist allies, fighting under banners such as Nusra Front (recently renamed Syria Conquest Front) and Ahrar al-Sham. 
Barnard also finally puts the blame for preventing civilians in east Aleppo from escaping the fighting on a rebel policy of keeping them in harm's way rather than letting them transit through 'humanitarian corridors” to safety. Some of her earlier pro-rebel accounts suggested that it wasn't clear who was stopping movement of civilians through those corridors. 
However, on Sunday, she reported: 'We had arrived at a critical moment, as Russia said there was only one day left to pass through a corridor it had provided for people to escape eastern Aleppo before the rebel side was flattened, a corridor through which precious few had passed. The government says rebels are preventing civilians from leaving. Rebels refuse any evacuation without international supervision and a broader deal to deliver humanitarian aid.” 
Granted, you still have to read between the lines, but at least there is the acknowledgement that rebels are refusing civilian evacuations under the current conditions. How that is different from Islamic State terrorists in Mosul, Iraq, preventing departures from their areas – a practice which the Times and other U.S. outlets condemn as using women and children as 'human shields” – isn't addressed. But Barnard's crimped admission is at least a start. 
Barnard then writes: 'Instead [of allowing civilians to move through the humanitarian corridors], they [the rebels] are trying to break the siege, with Qaeda-linked groups and those backed by the United States working together — the opposite of what Russia has demanded.” 
Again, that isn't the clearest description of the situation, which is stunning enough that one might have expected it in the lede rather than buried deep inside the story, but it is significant that the Times is recognizing that Al Qaeda and the U.S.-backed 'moderates” are 'working together” and that Russia opposes that collaboration. 
She also noted that 'Three Qaeda-linked suicide bombers attacked a military position with explosive-packed personnel carriers on Thursday, military officials said, and mortar fire was raining on neighborhoods that until now had been relatively safe. It was among the most intense rounds in four years of rebel shelling that officials say has killed 11,000 civilians.” 
While she then throws in a caveat about the impossibility of verifying the numbers, the acknowledgement that the U.S.-backed 'moderate” rebels and their Al Qaeda comrades have been shelling civilians in west Aleppo is significant, too. Before this, all the American people heard was the other side, from rebel-held east Aleppo, about the human suffering there, often conveyed by 'activists” with video cameras who have depicted the conflict as simply the willful killing of children by the evil Syrian government and the even more evil Russians. 
More Balance 
With the admission of rebel terror attacks on civilians in west Aleppo, the picture finally is put into more balance. The Al Qaeda and U.S.-backed rebels have been killing thousands of civilians in government-controlled areas and the Syrian military and its Russian allies have struck back only to be condemned for committing 'war crimes.” The second plane about to crash into the World Trade Center towers in New York City on Sept. 11, 2001. 
Though the human toll in both sides of Aleppo is tragic, we have seen comparable situations before – in which the U.S. government has supported, supplied and encouraged governments to mount fierce offensives to silence rockets or mortars fired by rebels toward civilian areas. 
For instance, senior U.S. government officials, including President Barack Obama and Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton, have defended Israel's right to defend itself from rockets fired from inside Gaza even though those missiles rarely kill anyone. Yet, Israel is allowed to bomb the near-defenseless people of Gaza at will, killing thousands including the four little boys blown apart in July 2014 while playing on a beach during the last round of what the Israelis call 'mowing the grass.” 
In the context of those deaths, U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Samantha Power, who has built her career as a supposed humanitarian advocating a 'responsibility to protect” civilians, laid the blame not on the Israeli military but on fighters in Gaza who had fired rockets that rarely hit anything besides sand. 
At the United Nations on July 18, 2014, Power said , ' President Obama spoke with [Israeli] Prime Minister Netanyahu this morning to reaffirm the United States' strong support for Israel's right to defend itself…. Hamas' attacks are unacceptable and would be unacceptable to any member state of the United Nations. Israel has the right to defend its citizens and prevent these attacks.” 
But that universal right apparently does not extend to Syria where U.S.-supplied rockets are fired into civilian neighborhoods of west Aleppo. In that case, Power and other U.S. officials apply an entirely different set of standards. Any Syrian or Russian destruction of east Aleppo with the goal of suppressing that rocket fire becomes a 'war crime.” 
Perhaps it's expected that the U.S. government, like other governments, will engage in hypocrisy regarding affairs of state: one set of rules for U.S. allies and another for countries marked for U.S. 'regime change.” Statements by supposed 'humanitarians” – such as Samantha Power, 'Ms. R2P” – are no exception. 
But double standards are even more distasteful when they come from allegedly 'objective” journalists such as those who work at The New York Times, The Washington Post and other prestige American news outlets. When they take the 'U.S. side” in a dispute and become crude propagandists, they encourage the kind of misguided 'group thinks” that led to the criminal Iraq War and other disastrous 'regime change” projects over the past two decades. 
Yet, that is what we normally see. A thoughtful reader can't peruse the international reporting of the U.S. mainstream media without realizing that it is corrupted by propaganda from both government officials and from U.S.-funded operations, often disguised as 'human rights activists” or 'citizen journalists” whose supposed independence makes their 'propo” even more effective. 
So, it's worth noting those rare occasions when The New York Times and the rest of the MSM let some of the reality peek through. When evaluating the latest plans from Hillary Clinton and other interventionists to expand the U.S. military intervention in Syria – via prettily named 'safe zones” and 'no-fly zones” – the American people should realize that they are being asked to come to the aid of Al Qaeda.

ARTICLE

  WashingtonsBlog 
By Robert Parry, the investigative reporter who many of the Iran-Contra stories for The Associated Press and Newsweek in the 1980s. Originally published at Parry's Consortium News (republished with permission). 
In the end, Hillary Clinton became the face of a corrupt, arrogant and out-of-touch Establishment, while Donald Trump emerged as an almost perfectly imperfect vessel for a populist fury that had bubbled beneath the surface of America. 
There is clearly much to fear from a Trump presidency, especially coupled with continued Republican control of Congress. Trump and many Republicans have denied the reality of climate change; they favor more tax cuts for the rich; they want to deregulate Wall Street and other powerful industries – all policies that helped create the current mess that the United States and much of the world are now in. A sign supporting Donald Trump at a rally at Veterans Memorial Coliseum at the Arizona State Fairgrounds in Phoenix, Arizona. June 18, 2016 (Photo by Gage Skidmore) 
Further, Trump's personality is problematic to say the least. He lacks the knowledge and the temperament that one would like to see in a President – or even in a much less powerful public official. He appealed to racism, misogyny, white supremacy, bigotry toward immigrants and prejudice toward Muslims. He favors torture and wants a giant wall built across America's southern border. 
But American voters chose him in part because they felt they needed a blunt instrument to smash the Establishment that has ruled and mis-ruled America for at least the past several decades. It is an Establishment that not only has grabbed for itself almost all the new wealth that the country has produced but has casually sent the U.S. military into wars of choice, as if the lives of working-class soldiers are of little value. 
On foreign policy, the Establishment had turned decision-making over to the neoconservatives and their liberal-interventionist sidekicks, a collection of haughty elitists who often subordinated American interests to those of Israel and Saudi Arabia, for political or financial advantage. 
The war choices of the neocon/liberal-hawk coalition have been disastrous – from Iraq to Afghanistan to Libya to Syria to Ukraine – yet this collection of know-it-alls never experiences accountability. The same people, including the media's armchair warriors and the think-tank 'scholars,” bounce from one catastrophe to the next with no consequences for their fallacious 'group thinks.” Most recently, they have ginned up a new costly and dangerous Cold War with Russia. 
For all his faults, Trump was one of the few major public figures who dared challenge the 'group thinks” on the current hot spots of Syria and Russia. In response, Clinton and many Democrats chose to engage in a crude McCarthyism with Clinton even baiting Trump as Vladimir Putin's 'puppet” during the final presidential debate. 
It is somewhat remarkable that those tactics failed; that Trump talked about cooperation with Russia, rather than confrontation, and won. Trump's victory could mean that rather than escalating the New Cold War with Russia, there is the possibility of a ratcheting down of tensions. 
Repudiating the Neocons 
Thus, Trump's victory marks a repudiation of the neocon/liberal-hawk orthodoxy because the New Cold War was largely incubated in neocon/liberal-hawk think tanks, brought to life by likeminded officials in the U.S. State Department, and nourished by propaganda across the mainstream Western media. Donald Trump speaking with supporters at a campaign rally in Phoenix, Arizona. June 18, 2016. (Photo by Gage Skidmore) 
It was the West, not Russia, that provoked the confrontation over Ukraine by helping to install a fiercely anti-Russian regime on Russia's borders. I know the mainstream Western media framed the story as 'Russian aggression” but that was always a gross distortion. 
There were peaceful ways for settling the internal differences inside Ukraine without violating the democratic process, but U.S. neocons, such as Assistant Secretary of State Victoria Nuland, and wealthy neoliberals, such as financial speculator George Soros, pushed for a putsch that overthrew the elected President Viktor Yanukovych in February 2014. 
Putin's response, including his acceptance of Crimea's overwhelming referendum to return to Russia and his support for ethnic Russian rebels in eastern Ukraine opposing the coup regime in Kiev, was a reaction to the West's destabilizing and violent actions. Putin was not the instigator of the troubles. 
Similarly, in Syria, the West's 'regime change” strategy, which dates back to neocon planning in the mid-1990s, involved collaboration with Al Qaeda and other Islamic jihadists to remove the secular government of Bashar al-Assad. Again, Official Washington and the mainstream media portrayed the conflict as all Assad's fault, but that wasn't the full picture. 
From the start of the Syrian conflict in 2011, U.S. 'allies,” including Saudi Arabia, Qatar, Turkey and Israel, have been aiding the rebellion, with Turkey and the Gulf states funneling money and weapons to Al Qaeda's Nusra Front and even to the Al Qaeda spinoff, Islamic State. 
Though President Barack Obama dragged his heels on the direct intervention advocated by then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, Obama eventually went in halfway, bending to political pressure by agreeing to train and arm so-called 'moderates” who ended up fighting next to Al Qaeda's Nusra Front and other jihadists in Ahrar al-Sham. 
Trump has been inarticulate and imprecise in describing what policies he would follow in Syria, besides suggesting that he would cooperate with the Russians in destroying Islamic State. But Trump didn't seem to understand the role of Al Qaeda in controlling east Aleppo and other Syrian territory. 
Uncharted Territory 
So, the American voters have plunged the United States and the world into uncharted territory behind a President-elect who lacks a depth of knowledge on a wide variety of issues. Who will guide a President Trump becomes the most pressing issue today. Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton speaking with supporters at a campaign rally in Phoenix, Arizona. March 21, 2016. (Photo by Gage Skidmore) 
Will he rely on traditional Republicans who have done so much to mess up the country and the world or will he find some fresh-thinking realists who will realign policy with core American interests and values. 
For this dangerous and uncertain moment, the Democratic Party establishment deserves a large share of the blame. Despite signs that 2016 would be a year for an anti-Establishment candidate – possibly someone like Sen. Elizabeth Warren or Sen. Bernie Sanders – the Democratic leadership decided that it was 'Hillary's turn.” 
Alternatives like Warren were discouraged from running so there could be a Clinton 'coronation.” That left the 74-year-old socialist from Vermont as the only obstacle to Clinton's nomination and it turned out that Sanders was a formidable challenger. But his candidacy was ultimately blocked by Democratic insiders, including the unelected 'super-delegates” who gave Clinton an early and seemingly insurmountable lead. 
With blinders firmly in place, the Democrats yoked themselves to Clinton's gilded carriage and tried to pull it all the way to the White House. But they ignored the fact that many Americans came to see Clinton as the personification of all that is wrong about the insular and corrupt world of Official Washington. And that has given us President-elect Trump.

ARTICLE

  Charles Hugh Smith 
There are many sources of rage: injustice, the destruction of truth, powerlessness. But if we had to identify the one key source of non-elite rage that cuts across all age, ethnicity, gender and regional boundaries, it is this: The Ruling Elite is protected from the destructive consequences of its predatory dominance. 
We see this reality across the entire political, social and economic landscape. 
If I had to pick one chart that illustrates the widening divide between the Ruling Elite and the non-elites, it is this chart of wages as a share of the nation's output (GDP): 46 years of relentless decline, interrupted by gushing fountains of credit and asset bubbles that enriched the few while leaving the economic landscape of the many in ruins. 
The Ruling Elite once had an obligation to uphold the social contract as a responsibility that came with their vast privilege, power and wealth (i.e. noblesse oblige ). 
America's Ruling Elite has transmogrified into an incestuous self-serving few unapologetically plundering the many. In their hubris-soaked arrogance, their right to rule is unquestioningly based on their moral and intellectual superiority to 'the little people” they loot with abandon. 
Rather than feel a responsibility to the nation, America's Elite views the status quo as a free pass to self-aggrandizement. 
Much has changed in America in the past 46 years. Not only have wages and salaries declined as a share of 'economic growth,” but the wealth that has been generated has flowed to the top of the wealth/power pyramid (see chart below). 
Social mobility has also declined drastically: Restoring America's Economic Mobility , as has trust in government and key institutions. 
As Frank Buckley, the author of The Way Back: Restoring the Promise of America observed: 
'In a corrupt country, trust is a rare commodity. That's America today. Only 19 percent of Americans say they trust the government most of the time, down from 73 percent in 1958 according to the Pew Research Center.” 
The top .01% has seen its share of the household wealth triple from 7% to 22% in the past four decades, while the share of the nation's wealth owned by the bottom 90% has plummeted from 36% to 23%. 
As I described in America's Ruling Elite Has Failed and Deserves to Be Fired and Now That the Presidential-Election Side Show Is Finally Ending…. , the economy is rapidly undergoing structural changes that tend to reward the top 5% class of technocrats and managers and the top .1% with millions in mobile capital, while leaving the bottom 95% in the dust. 
Rather than address this rising inequality directly and honestly, the Ruling Elite has parroted propaganda and policies that protect their gains while obfuscating the reality that most American households have been losing ground for decades, a decline that has been masked by replacing real income with rising debt. 
The ceaseless parroting of the Ruling Elite and the Mainstream Media that prosperity has been rising for everyone is nothing less than the destruction of truth. This propaganda has one purpose: to mask the inequality and injustice built into the American status quo. 
The rapid concentration of wealth has also concentrated political power in the hands of a few who seamlessly combine public and private modes of power. 
This wealth and power protects the Ruling Elite from the perverse consequences of their dominance. Their precious offspring rarely serve at the point of the American military's spear, they never lose their jobs or income when corporations shift production (and R&D, etc.) overseas, and they are never replaced with illegal immigrants paid under the table. 
Rather, the Ruling Elite is pleased to pay immigrants a pittance to care for their children, clean their luxe homes, walk their dogs, etc. 
This is why we're enraged: we bear the consequences of the Ruling Elite's dominance. The system is rigged to benefit the few, who use their wealth and power to protect themselves from the destructive consequences of their self-serving dominance. 
This rage is as yet inchoate, sensed but not yet understood as the inevitable result of a broken system and a predatory Elite that exploits the system to maximize their private gain by any means available . 
ELECTION NOTE: As I write this Tuesday evening, it appears Donald Trump may win the presidency. For those who cannot understand how anyone could possibly vote for Trump, please read the above essay again and ponder what people were voting against by voting for Trump . 
They may well have been voting against the corrupt, self-serving status quo rather than voting for the individual Donald Trump. 
There are very few opportunities for powerless non-elites to register their disapproval of the nation's Ruling Elite and the corrupt status quo. Voting for an outsider in a national election is one such rare opportunity. 
As I noted in October, The Ruling Elite Has Lost the Consent of the Governed (October 20, 2016). 
If you still don't understand how Trump could win, please read the above essay as many times as is necessary for you to get it: the status quo of corrupt self-serving insiders generates injustice and inequality as its only possible output.

ARTICLE

  WashingtonsBlog 
CNN's Jake Tapper hit the nail on the head last night, as he was speaking about why people voted for Trump. 
Tapper said that most Americans are sick of the income inequality, globalization, and politics-as-usual that the status quo have given us. 
He even pointed out that only a handful of people have gotten rich off of globalization, and a lot of people have been left behind . 
Indeed, exit polls last night showed that the economy was the number 1 concern for voters. The Guardian reports : 
'It's the economy, stupid” was a phrase coined by her husband's adviser James Carville in the 1992 election and, in many ways, it ought to have helped Democrats again in 2016. Barack Obama helped rescue the US from the financial crash and presided over a record series of consecutive quarters of job growth. 
Unfortunately for Clinton, many Americans simply did not feel as positive. Stagnant wage levels and soaring inequality were symptoms of the malaise felt by many voters. Trump successfully convinced them to believe this was caused by bad trade deals and a rigged economy. 
Despite being pushed in this direction by Sanders in the Democratic primary, Clinton never really found a satisfactory response. Her volte-face on trade sounded – and was later proved by leaked emails – unconvincing at best; deeply cynical at worst. 
Similarly, Brexit – the other recent vote which went against all political forecasts – was largely a vote by those who lost out on the benefits of globalization … that only a handful of fatcats really profited from. 
Leaders of the Brexit campaign noted the confluence of the two votes: 
Jeremy Corbyn described Mr Trump's victory as 'an unmistakable rejection of political establishment” . 
Ukip leader Nigel Farage – who went to the US to appear at a Trump campaign rally – said he was handing over his mantle as the creator of political earthquakes to the new President, saying that 2016 was 'the year of two great political revolutions”, adding: 'I thought Brexit was big, but boy, this looks like it's going to be even bigger”. 
N igel Farage has issued this statement following Donald Trump's victory. 
'Today, the establishment is in deep shock. Even more so than after Brexit. What we are witnessing is the end of a period of big business and big politics controlling our lives. 
Voters across the Western world want nation state democracy, proper border controls and to be in charge of their own lives. 
I commend Donald Trump for the courage with which he has fought this campaign and I look forward to a closer relationship between the USA and the UK. We now have a President who likes our country and understands our post-Brexit values. 
Prepare for further political shocks in the years to come.” 
Voters in the UK and the world's strongest nation, the U.S., have both rebuked the status quo, including neoliberal trade and economic policies. 
What's next? 
The rebellion will spread … 
For example, it's so probable that Merkel's Christian Democratic Union party will be thrown out on its ear that Merkel is already trying to distract with silly claims that the Russians will hack the German election. 
Postscript: There are, of course, other reasons that Trump won. But the economy is the main one.

ARTICLE

  Eric Zuesse. Eric Zuesse CNN explained well '5 surprising lessons from Trump's astonishing win” , and the historic crushing failure of traditional Presidential-year American politics, but it really boils down to one simple fact: In the battleground states, where most of the advertising dollars and get-out-the-vote money was being spent, the Trump organization made use of the Republican-Party organization in those portions of the campaign-operation that benefited from those established contacts and its tried-and-tested methods and techniques, but not in the portions of the campaign-operation that needed to be improved and to function better than in all prior U.S. Presidential elections. The simple fact is that Trump's understanding of U.S. national politics was transcendent, better even than that of the candidate whom all of the polls during the political primaries showed to be the most preferred by the most people and thus to be able to beat any of the other contestants in a one-on-one electoral choice against any of the others: Bernie Sanders. (See this and this for the evidence on that.) (And if there were any remaining doubt as to why he was, consider this report from Reuters near 3AM on Wednesday November 9th, right after the voting: 'U.S. voters want leader to end advantage of rich and powerful – Reuters/Ipsos poll” . For example, this poll of 10,000 people leaving their polling-places showed: '75 percent agree that 'America needs a strong leader to take the country back from the rich and powerful.'” That had been Bernie Sanders's message, too. Trump's campaign brought people like that out to vote.) Sanders may have been right to think that highest net approval-rating is generally the biggest single predictive factor determining a Presidential candidate's winning the White House (and he had the highest net-approval rating), but he (like his opponent Hillary Clinton) missed the importance of the emotional-intensity factor, which Trump made virtuosic use of . (This can be seen clearly when you look further at the exit-poll results: the actual people who went to the polls — the people sampled in the exit-polling — were fundamentally different from the cross-section of America's 'likely voters' that were sampled in the pre-election polling! Trump trumped all traditional politics. This achievement is simply astounding.) Whereas Sanders failed to recognize that in Democratic Party primaries there was more emotional intensity for the existing, Clinton-Obama, anti-FDR, Democratic Party, than there was for ideological progressivism (FDR's legacy, which dominated the Democratic Party prior to Bill Clinton's win in 1992) (and Hillary's understanding of that turned out to have been correct), and so the incompetent but aristocracy-backed politician Hillary Clinton was able to steal the Democratic Party nomination from him, Trump was able easily to garner the most primary votes in a crowded 17-candidate field and so to become the nominee of one of the two major political Parties and go on to face the incompetent Hillary in the general election. From Bernie Sanders's standpoint, such a general-election contest, between two candidates both of whom had hugely net-negative approval-ratings, couldn't have made much political sense, and so he chose to endorse the thief Hillary and become a non-entity in the post-1992 and profoundly corrupt Democratic Party, instead of to found an authentically independent political movement — not political Party but political movement — which would honestly and without partisanship cherry-pick which candidates, from which of the two political Parties, will, on balance, as against the given candidate's opponent, provide the highest benefit and least harm toward advancing the progressive cause. (That was the only constructive path forward for him after Hillary robbed him.) He chose the stick-in-the-mud route. Sanders opted to become just a cog in an ugly greasy pro-aristocracy machine, the Democratic Party wing of the U.S. aristocracy. After the Republican Party's nomination was won by Trump (which he did honestly), he went on to build on that success an authentic anti-aristocracy (or 'anti-Establishment') movement, beside and outside the Republican Party. His basic anti-aristocracy message remained unchanged, and he, as the Republican nominee, faced the biggest decision-point in his entire campaign: whether now to reach out to the millions of Sanders's voters (i.e., the largest of all voting-segments) by joining with now Hillary's — the post-1992, Bill Clinton's, Democratic Party's — emphasis upon both race and gender over economic class as what's posing the biggest barrier to achieving equality of economic opportunity in America (in which case, Trump would have adopted Hillary Clinton's basic campaign message), or, instead, to stay with his original message that economic class (and the elite's 'corruption” behind that) poses the biggest barrier against achieving 'the equal-opportunity society.” Trump — wisely, as it now turns out — chose the latter path (the original Bernie Sanders' basic message): he was determined to retain the intensity-advantage (the 'populist' thrust), so as to be able to bring the largest numbers of voters to the polls on Election Day in the toss-up states and crush his opponent who was looking to win a 'coalition' of voting- segments : women, Blacks, Hispanics, Muslims, etcetera. She thought that those people's personal group-identification would sufficiently surmount any negative feelings they might have regarding her long history of corrupt use of public office to advantage her financial supporters, so that she would beat 'the bigot', Donald Trump; she turned out to be wrong . What will be the important consequences of Trump's win? I, a Bernie Sanders voter, voted for Trump against Hillary, for the reasons that I have earlier stated, describing the consequences that a Trump win would have. (See: 'I'm a Bernie Sanders Voter: Here's Why I'll Vote Trump ” .) I summed up, on that occasion: Trump is rapidly moving America's political center in the opposite direction from the direction that Bill Clinton, Barack Obama, and Hillary Clinton, did, which was toward conservatism, away from progressivism: those conservative Democratic Presidents and (now) would-be President, have moved America's political center considerably toward the right ( the international-corporate agenda ). A President Trump would reverse the political direction that this country has been heading in ever since 1993. If we progressives don't help Trump to do that, we shall be throwing away the only such opportunity that the U.S. oligarchy (slipped-up and) allowed us to have. A President Hillary Clinton would have the support of almost all congressional Democrats no matter how right-wing her proposals are, and her big-money financial backers will buy enough congressional Republicans to make her the most effective most conservative Democratic President in decades if not centuries. The prospect is chilling. The biggest objection I hear to that from my fellow progressives is: 'But think of the people he'll appoint to the U.S. Supreme Court!” And my answer to that is: 'This Is No 'Cold War'; It's Far Worse Than That.” Hillary Clinton has been intensely committed to completing Barack Obama's drive toward nuclear war against Russia, and even the question of the Supreme Court is trivial in comparison to that. Furthermore, as I argued in 'I'm a Bernie Sanders Voter: Here's Why I'll Vote Trump ” , Trump might actually turn out to be a far more progressive President than he is expected to be. But, even if that turns out not to be the case, Trump is thoroughly committed to halting America's aggression against Russia: the biggest loser in this Presidential election is George Herbert Walker Bush, the person who in 1990 secretly established the U.S. plan to conquer Russia, which plan every U.S. President since has been carrying out , and Hillary Clinton was expecting to complete that operation. This was thus a historic U.S. election: finally, the U.S. government will turn away from the path toward war against Russia, upon which path the United States has been leading the world ever since 1990. I am shocked, and enormously relieved, at the result — even if Trump turns out to be a bad (i.e., a conservative, the opposite of a progressive) President on all other matters (including the Supreme Court). Even in the worst-case scenario, Trump will be a much better President than would the neoconservative , Hillary Clinton. Thank you, Donald Trump! Without your achievement here, the likely result now would be catastrophic, even worse than what Hillary Clinton did as U.S. Secretary of State .

ARTICLE

https://web.archive.org/web/20161109183253/http://www.huffingtonpost.com They pretend Trump's win is a victory for bigots, instead of a defeat for the aristocracy ('Wall Street', 'The Establishment', or America's billionaires and their agents such as lobbyists and the leading politicians). However, a close look at the evidence shows Huffington Post to be wrong: Trump's win was overwhelmingly driven by Americans' repudiation of the aristocracy itself (such as, for example, repudiation of the Institute that runs Huffington Post's neoconservative international edition, World Post , the Berggruen Institute (including Eric Schmidt , Lawrence Summers , Fareed Zakaria , Arianna Huffington, Nicholas Berggruen , Ernesto Zedillo , Carl Bildt, Niall Ferguson, and Joseph Nye , all being proponents of Obama's building war against Russia — such as : 'To confront Putin, Europe will have to make changes that will be deeply controversial on a continent long committed to environmentalism and marked by an aversion to the use of force”). And, as far as global warming is concerned, which is a real problem about Trump, it's also very much and demonstrably — not merely in words — a real problem about Hillary too (and one that outside the context of the Presidential campaign has even been courageously reported by some of HuffPo's own reporters ), but HuffPo and other Democratic Party propagandists pretend there's reason to believe that Trump's actions would be even worse than hers have been, and HuffPo's readers thus end up being little else than Democratic Party suckers who feel satisfied in their 'news' reading to soak up what is almost entirely Democratic Party propaganda, which means the propaganda emanating out of the White House whenever a Democrat resides there — sort of like a Democratic Party version of the Republican Party's Fox 'News'. The aristocracy ( all of it, both its Republican and its Democratic Party branches) continue their campaign, and expect to crush their opposition — the public (of all parties). And that's what a close look at the evidence shows explains Trump's win — not bigotry on the part of the American public. Bigotry is a huge problem in every society, but especially amongst the aristocracy, who love to pretend that it's mainly a problem 'down below' — so that they can continue to exploit the public while claiming to be superior to it. That's the Big Lie, which Obama and the Clintons — and Huffington Post — promote and get paid very well to promote. Their campaign never ends. Only the personnel do.

ARTICLE

Posted on November 10, 2016 by DavidSwanson 
John Feffer argued on Wednesday that Demagogue Donald, whose very existence will lead me to pretend I'm not from the U.S. the next time I'm in Europe, is part of a wider trend that's already hit Europe hard: 
'The ugliness has been percolating in Europe for some time now. It wasn't just Brexit, Britain's unexpected rejection of the European Union. It was the election of militant populists throughout Eastern Europe — Viktor Orban in Hungary, Robert Fico in Slovakia, the party of Jaroslaw Kaczynski in Poland. It was the electoral surge of the National Front in France and the Alternative fur Deutschland in Germany. It was the backlash against immigrants, social welfare programs, and 'lazy Mediterraneans' — but also against bankers and Brussels bureaucrats.” 
I think the trend is even wider and deeper if the trend we're talking about is that of making everything worse, of increasing inequality, of increasing militarism, of destroying the environment, of pushing profit over people. If that's the trend, the bankers are its vanguard, not its victims, and it has saturated the international establishment almost as thoroughly as it has the rightwing sectarians. 
But the trend Feffer seems to have in mind is one of nationalism or ethnic identity or racism in opposition to global humanitarianism. Feffer's new dystopian novel, Splinterlands , tells a future of shattered nations and international institutions, replaced with ever smaller and more disastrous warring city states. It's a vision that should disturb us deeply, a vision of what this world could actually become if it gains nothing in wisdom, miraculously survives its nuclear weapons, and plows right ahead into climate chaos and total capitalist consumption. 
Feffer's utopia seems to be a globe unified in peace. But his dystopia is not unlike that of an author like Ian Morris whose utopia is a globe unified by imperial war. The great threat on the horizon for both is balkanization or splintering. Feffer sees this brought on by bigotry, militarism, and environmental destruction. Morris sees the threat as, basically, un-Americanism. But where does barbaric tribalism stop and the promotion of more direct local democracy begin? Is bigger always better and smaller always worse? 
Feffer may not think so, because, in fact, a small utopia hidden in one corner of a sinking Titanic of an earth shows up in Splinterlands — something of a Luddite communal organic farm of a sort that essentially exists right now, a creation that cannot save us all or even itself unless expanded to a radically larger scale or duplicated innumerable times. The trick, then, may be to duplicate sustainable and just local living within a global system of nonviolent dispute resolution, cooperation, and fairness. 
Feffer says he thought a Trump figure wouldn't arrive for four more years — though it's interesting that a big role in his fictionalized future dismantling of the world is played by a hurricane named Donald. My question is whether Trump's disastrous arrival might not in some ways be put to good use toward human survival. I'm thinking of a particular good use to which Hillary Clinton's disastrous arrival would not have leant itself. That is to say, can we not now appeal to other nations to recognize that the presence of U.S. military troops on their soil represents their subservience to the odious Donald Trump, a figure hardly to be imagined as the mythical Barack Obama, man of peace? 
Can we encourage nonviolent resistance to U.S. militarism without encouraging a dive into a dystopian Splinterlands? Can the world refuse to participate in U.S. wars and U.S. weapons dealing while increasing its participation in cooperative non-military endeavors with the United States and the globe? Can U.S.-led war making, and the war making of other nations, come to be understood as the enemy of good globalism, not as the embodiment of UN humanitarian intervention in the affairs of those deemed less developed? 
The alternative to the world figuring out how to resist U.S. wars would seem to be the people of the United States shutting down its war machine from within, without the assistance of the other 96%. But how does that seem to be working out? This entry was posted in General . Bookmark the permalink .

ARTICLE

Activist Post As the U.S. Presidential selection circus draws to a close, the United States and Turkey have announced a new plan to defeat ISIS, the same terrorist organization both countries have created, funded, armed, and facilitated, in Syria. The plan revolves around the conquering, occupation, and governing of sovereign Syrian territory in the East, most notably Raqqa.
According to the U.S. Joint Chiefs of Staff, Gen. Joseph Dunford, after meeting with his Turkish counterpart, that 'The coalition and Turkey will work together on the long-term plan for seizing, holding and governing Raqqa.” 
The statement by Dunford seems to confirm the fact that the United States will not move forward in its campaign for Raqqa without working closely with the Turks, who are themselves concerned about the makeup of the proxy forces destined to hold power once the campaign is over. The Syrian Democratic Forces, the proxies of choice in this battle, are made up of many Kurdish militias and fighters, an issue that provides much worry on the part of the Turkish government. 
As CNN reports , 
But DoD News reported that Sunday's meeting reinforced a longstanding agreement that the US-led coalition would not move ahead with the seizure of Raqqa, 'without incorporating the Turks and their perspective into our plans,” according to Dunford. 
The Turkish army said in a statement that the military heads had discussed 'the methods of a common struggle” against ISIS in Iraq and Syria, 'especially in Al Bab and Raqqa in coming days.” 
Addressing the sensitivities around the ethnic makeup of the forces involved in the operation, Dunford said: 'We always knew the SDF wasn't the solution for holding and governing Raqqa. 
'What we are working on right now is to find the right mix of forces for the operation.” He said the US would work with Turkey to determine the composition of the forces that would seize and govern the territory, he said. 
He said the right approach was for locals to lead the mission to retake the city and run it after ISIS was driven out. 
'[The operation needs] a predominantly Arab and Sunni Arab force,” he said, according to DoD News. 'And there are forces like that. There is the moderate Syrian opposition, the vetted Syrian forces and the Free Syrian Army forces, and there is some initial outreach to forces in Raqqa proper.” 
Dunford said the SDF were moving south to isolate ISIS positions in Raqqa and the surrounding areas — a phase that would take months. 
Essentially, the United States and Turkey are devising a plan by which to control Raqqa and the territory surrounding it by using proxy forces to overthrow other proxy forces. In other words, the fighters in Raqqa will simply undergo another name change, be replaced with a heavy Kurdish contingent, and act as a carefully placed chess piece by which to prevent the Syrian or Russian militaries from liberating the city. After all, these SDF forces will be presented as 'moderate,” a label that cannot be attached to the ISIS fighters currently inhabiting Raqqa. 
Raqqa has acted as the ISIS capital since the mysterious appearance of the group two years ago and has gone virtually untouched as the Syrian military has been bogged down in major cities and western/central areas of the country in their fight against the Western-backed terrorists. Notably, despite its rhetoric of fighting to 'degrade and destroy” ISIS, the U.S.-led coalition has yet to bomb Raqqa. 
Fresh on the heels of a major public relations victory in Palmyra , however, the Syrian military is now inching toward Raqqa and, if successful, it will score one of the biggest victories in the five-year war. This is not only because the de facto ISIS capital will be eliminated or because the SAA will gain more territory, it is because the liberation of Raqqa will be yet another example of how the Syrian military will have accomplished in weeks what the United States and coalition members have claimed may take a decade to do. It will be another instance where the lack of will on the part of the United States to actually destroy Daesh is put on display for the rest of the world, either causing the U.S. to look weak in the eyes of the world or exposing it for actually supporting the terrorist organization to begin with. Regardless, the victory for the Syrian government will be twofold. 
That is, unless the U.S. gets there first . . . . 
The U.S. has been using the presence of ISIS in Syria as an excuse to bomb, send Special Forces, publicly support terrorists, and possibly invade since the Western-backed terror group appeared on the scene two years ago. Yet, despite its rhetoric, the United States and its coalition have not bombed Raqqa and have largely abstained from bombing (see here and here ) any other terrorist group. Instead, the U.S. has focused on bombing Syrian military targets , civilians and civilian infrastructure ( see here also ), and acting as a deterrent to the Syrian military's movement in many 'rebel-held” areas of the country. 
Now, however, the United States seems to have great interest in Raqqa as it aids its loose collection of terrorists, fanatical Kurds, and Arabs known as the Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) in 'battles” around the ISIS capital. 
So why the sudden interest in Raqqa? It's fairly simple. The United States sees clearly that the Syrian military and its Russian allies are going to liberate Raqqa soon enough and the U.S. does not want to suffer another public relations setback. A defeat for ISIS is thus a humiliation for the United States. That fact alone should raise some eyebrows. 
Regardless, the United States would like to have its own 'victory” in Raqqa before the Syrians and the Russians can have theirs. If the SDF is able to 'take” Raqqa, the U.S. will then be able to shout from the rooftops that America has liberated Raqqa and defeated ISIS in its own capital. 
The U.S. also has another goal in Raqqa – the theft of more Syrian territory by using its proxy forces going by the name of the SDF. Whether or not ISIS proper is in control of Raqqa is merely a secondary concern for the United States. If the SDF succeeds in imposing control over the city and the province, then the West will have succeeded in cementing control over the area in the hands of its proxy terrorists once again, but with yet another incarnation of the same Western-backed jihadist fanaticism. The U.S. can then use the 'moderate rebel” label to keep Russia and Syria from bombing the fighters who merely assumed a position handed to them, albeit through some level of violence, by ISIS. 
This also allows the Western powers supporting their terrorist proxies the opportunity to provide the terrorists with a parcel of land inside Syria's borders which can be used as a forward operating base and a staging ground for more attacks and operations launched at the rest of the country. 
With the situation as it stands, there is now the very real possibility of some type of major confrontation taking place in Raqqa that could very well have international ramifications. On one hand, there is the Syrian military, backed by the Russian Air Force and Russian Special Forces heading east to Raqqa while, on the other side, there is the SDF, backed by the U.S. Air and Special Forces, heading west toward Raqqa . Both sides are in a race to gain control over the ISIS capital, gain territory, and declare a victory for the world to see. But what if they arrive in Raqqa at the same time? 
In other words, there is a distinct potential that, in the race for Raqqa, the Syrian/Russian alliance might find itself face to face with the possibility of direct military conflict with the U.S./SDF (terrorist) alliance. At that point, the question will be who, if either, will back down? If both forces decide to push forward, the result could be devastating not only for Syria but for the rest of the world. 
Regardless of what happens, it is important to remember that the Syrian military is acting entirely in self-defense both against the terrorists posing as 'rebels” and the United States. Russia, Iran, and Hezbollah have all been invited in to Syria, acting legally and with the assent of the Syrian government, while the United States and its coalition are once again acting completely outside of international law in an attempt to shore up its terrorist proxies; and, once again, the United States and its coalition of the willing is pushing the patience of the rest of the world. 
Brandon Turbeville – article archive here – is the author of seven books, Codex Alimentarius — The End of Health Freedom , 7 Real Conspiracies , Five Sense Solutions and Dispatches From a Dissident, volume 1 and volume 2 , The Road to Damascus: The Anglo-American Assault on Syria, and The Difference it Makes: 36 Reasons Why Hillary Clinton Should Never Be President . Turbeville has published over 850 articles on a wide variety of subjects including health, economics, government corruption, and civil liberties. Brandon Turbeville's radio show Truth on The Tracks can be found every Monday night 9 pm EST at UCYTV . His website is BrandonTurbeville.com He is available for radio and TV interviews. Please contact activistpost (at) gmail.com . 
This article may be freely shared in part or in full with author attribution and source link .

ARTICLE

Posted on November 11, 2016 by Charles Hugh Smith 
Though I am just another powerless peon, I'd like to offer seven suggestions to President-Elect Trump and his transition team: 
1. Make sure your administration is as diverse as America. No single act will give your enemies more ammo than populating your cabinet and administration with the Usual Suspects: Caucasian elites from Ivy League universities. These privileged 'experts” have bankrupted the nation financially, morally and spiritually while enriching themselves and their privileged cronies. 
Populate your cabinet and administration with entrepreneurially minded, honest, hard working, forward-looking people who just happen to be African-American, Hispanic-American, Asian-American, female, gay, mixed-race, etc. 
Having a cabinet that reflects the diversity of America (or just the diversity of New York City or Los Angeles County, for goodness sakes) will send a powerful message not just to the nation but to the world: America's diversity is America's strength. 
If you want an example of how to do this, follow in the footsteps of the U.S. military. Yes, it's imperfect, but for a large-scale voluntary institution, it's done a lot better than most to promote a diverse spectrum of Americans. 
2. Wage total war on regulatory capture and bureaucratic fiefdoms. Everyone knows federal regulations are completely out of control on several fronts. Yes, there is a need for regulations to protect the nation's air, water and resources from despoliation, its labor force from exploitation, its food supply from unhealthy additives and foreign-sourced toxic products, and so on. These safeguard regulations should be rigorously enforced. 
But K Street lobbyists and the Corporatocracy they represent have mastered the art of regulatory capture : digging regulatory moats so deep and so wide that competition cannot possibly afford to meet the regulatory burdens imposed by the central state. 
This is how we've ended up with a high-cost, ineffective, inefficient state-cartel economy. 
The only way to tackle this issue is retire/sunset ALL federal regulations every few years, and require a constant streamlining to limit the number of regulations, lower the cost of compliance and ensure regulations are clearly composed in plain English. 
The only way to root out corruption, collusion and regulatory capture is to require total transparency and open competition in all government functions. 
3. Accredit the student, not the school/college. America's education system is unaffordable and failing for one simple reason: we accredit the school/college, not the student's knowledge/skill. The inevitable result of this is a cartel of self-serving fiefdoms with soaring costs which routinely graduates students who have learned essentially zero of productive value in the emerging economy. 
I have described this in my book The Nearly Free University and the Emerging Economy: The Revolution in Higher Education . 
By accrediting the student's knowledge/skill, we would be testing and accrediting what actually matters. By eliminating the central-planning accreditation racket of schools/colleges, we would take away the power of this cartel to relentlessly strip-mine taxpayers and students while providing ineffectual near-zero-market-value education. 
The only way to make America great again is to increase productivity via distributing higher level skills across the entire populace. The current education complex has failed and the only way to truly reform it is to accredit the student, not the school/college. 
4. Promote decentralized, bottoms-up localized solutions rather than top-down centralized programs. As I discussed in Now That the Presidential-Election Side Show Is Finally Ending…. , the current mode of production is a legacy of World War II, when the federal government took complete centralized control of the U.S. economy and society. 
The war's success led to the fatal assumption that the solution to every problem was to aggregate more power in centralized bureaucracies. 
What worked in the cartel-state economy of 1945 is now failing, with catastrophic consequences. Decentralized transparent networks that share a wealth of solutions and offer localized participation are not only more cost-effective, they enable the blossoming of 10,000 solutions rather than smother the economy with a bloated centralized system that imposes crushing costs on the nation (think ObamaCare, which burdens healthcare with thousands of pages of costly regulatory requirements) while squelching local solutions. 
America is an increasingly diverse nation. What sort of insanity is it to reckon that one centralized bureaucracy can come up a single system that works well for every community and household? 
Replace the mindset that the 'solution” must be a centralized, top-down, bloated, unaffordable bureaucracy with the understanding that centralized, top-down, bloated, unaffordable bureaucracies are the problem, not the solution. 
5. Lower the corporate income tax rate to a flat 5% for all domestic corporations. An incredible amount of precious capital is squandered on tax avoidance schemes, and incredible sums of precious capital are being held overseas to avoid the absurdly perverse 35% U.S. corporate tax rate. 
This perverse set of incentives costs the nation, not just corporations. To those who wish to impose high taxes on all those evil greedy corporations–you can't do it. There will always be loopholes overseas. 
Make it difficult to make a profit and do business here, and business and profits will go elsewhere–and so will the jobs. Not liking this reality won't change it. 
6. Increase the security of America's work force and households by encouraging entrepreneurism and food/ energy/ manufacturing security in the local community economy. It's essential that you hire people who understand the Digital-Industrial Revolution that is remaking the global economy, whether we like it or not. We all have daily experience of how this new mode of production is disrupting one sector of the old mode of production after another. 
We as a nation have to learn to do more with less –more productivity, more community-based security, more wealth that is earned by skilled labor and entrepreneurism, more broadly distributed ownership of wealth-producing assets, while consuming less energy and less capital and reducing the cost burdens imposed by self-serving fiefdoms, pay-to-play corruption/collusion and centralized sclerosis. 
I lay out how to do this systemically in my book A Radically Beneficial World: Automation, Technology and Creating Jobs for All and on an individual/household basis in Get a Job, Build a Real Career and Defy a Bewildering Economy . 
7. Dismantle the corrosive sense of entitlement that has infected the nation. Obsessing over illusory 'rights” and 'what we were promised” leads to a politics of resentment and a corollary obsession with get-rich-quick schemes and avoiding the dirty work of actually building wealth rather than skimming and scamming asset bubbles. 
The way to dismantle the dead-end ideology of entitlement is to promote earning, not getting, and learning real, practical, marketable skills that have value in the emerging economy. 
Nobody owes anyone anything but the right to pursue happiness and the civil liberties stated in the Bill of Rights. To survive, much less prosper, we need a society and economy based on accountability and the willingness to do the dirty work, the nitty-gritty work, of making sure goods and services actually work, and to reward those doing the hard work with security and opportunities to take ownership of the engines of wealth creation. 
President-Elect Trump, more policy tweaks, more promises of more government free money and more symbolic gestures won't fix anything. You must dig out the rot in our system of governance, destroy needless and burdensome state-cartel-imposed costs and encourage transparency, competition, accountability and locally based community-economy solutions. 
Thanks to Chad D. and Cindy F. for suggesting that I draw up a list of recommendations for the President-Elect. This entry was posted in General and tagged President-Elect Trump . Bookmark the permalink . ← Veterans Day is typical .01% rogue state inversion to ‘honor' duped military ‘serving' forever lie-started illegal Wars of Aggression. Truly thank Veterans by demanding arrests of US ‘leaders' who treasoned them to attack, invade, occupy victims of Empire jrrrr 
Actually diversity is meaningless, as every problem, experienced by every human being on the planet, is resolved by 'accurate thought,” not a diversity of either physical differences or opinions. tom 
I think we all understand that diversity, in this situation, would be mostly a cosmetic measure to reduce discontent among the governed. While ability is certainly the most important criterion, if able people from diverse backgrounds can be found, so much the better. Scoot Wad 
Yeah more diversity, yay. I have a feeling that Jewish Americans will be heavily overrepresented as usual, and likely referred to as white as usual when it suits their purpose. Maybe we can even have a foreign national Indian on the cabinet to represent all the high paying tech jobs those guest workers take from Americans like we have all of the dual Israelis in our government making decisions now. tom 
'Nobody owes anyone anything but the right to pursue happiness and the civil liberties stated in the Bill of Rights”. 
And the right to enjoy pensions and other benefits that have been paid for in full up front. Those are debts, plain and simple, and Uncle Sam is no more entitled to dodge his debts than anyone else. diogenes 
In the phrase 'life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness” the word 'life” means 'livelihood,” ACCESS TO LIVELIEHOOD, not access to LIES. diogenes 
decrease the corporate tax rate 
signed

ARTICLE

A national sport in Russia. Habibah Agianda, Creative Common s 
Why are the Russians Exposing their Pre Election Links with the Trump Campaign? 
(Washington, DC) A senior Russian diplomat announced that the Russian government had ongoing ties to the presidential campaign of Donald J. Trump. 
A centerpiece of the Clinton presidential campaign was Russian interference with the 2016 United States election. From charges that Russians hacked the Democratic National Committee email server to horror show claims that the Russians would somehow hack election voting machines, Clinton and her cadre were clear about the threat posed by Russia. In addition, there were charges that Trump had ties to Russian oligarchs as a source for business funding. Worst of all, there was the general claim that somehow Donald Trump was under the sway of Russian President Vladimir Putin, who rose to power through the Russian intelligence apparatus known as the KGB. 
The U.S. mainstream media supported the Clinton campaign charges. In late September, ABC investigative reporters ran a detailed article about the 'hundreds of millions of dollar” in investments Trump has received from Russian businessmen. The Daily Beast ran a comprehensive four part series on consecutive days starting on November 3. The series outlined Trump's alleged role as a useful idiot for Putin and business entaglements exposing him to Russian influence (parts one , two , three , and four ). The series culminated with a description of former Trump campaign chairman Paul Manefort's ties to the deposed pro Russian president of Ukraine, Viktor Yanukovich. 
Trump denied 'any relationship with Vladimir Putin” and any influence due to business conducted with Russian business interests. Trump surrogates denied any Russian influence and countered with charges that as Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton gave a sweetheart deal to Russian oligarchs in return for donations to the Clinton Foundation. 
The lines seem clearly drawn. The Clinton storyline argues that Trump endorses policies favored by Russia likely in return for financial and mind control influence by Putin and Russian business interests. 
Why did the Russian's give credence to the Clinton campaign charges? 
The Washington Post headlined a story on November 10 about a statement by senior Russian diplomat, Sergei Ryabkov: 
'Obviously, we know most of the people from his [Trump's] entourage,” Ryabkov said. 
'We have just begun to consider ways of building dialogue with the future Donald Trump administration and channels we will be using for those purposes,” Ryabkov was quoted as saying. 
Ryabkov provided no further details, and his remarks drew a swift denial from Trump spokeswoman Hope Hicks, who said the campaign had 'no contact with Russian officials” before Tuesday's election. Washington Post, November 10 
For just a moment, let's assume the veracity of the Clinton campaign and mainstream media claims of Russian influence on the Trump campaign. Why would the Russians go out of their way to admit this? Why would the Deputy Foreign Minister, of all the possible Russian sources, provide this information? 
Even a cursory review of Russian diplomacy over the past several years demonstrates a high degree of discipline and caution. Unlike the U.S. government, the Russians speak with one voice. Russian diplomatic efforts are couched in international law. President Putin, Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov, and other Russian diplomats are precise in their language and proposals. They don't shoot from the hip. This may be difficult to grasp for the politically motivated Clinton campaign and media sources that benefit from demonizing Putin but these are the facts nevertheless. 
This statement by Deputy Foreign Minister Ryabkov was no accident. His remarks clearly opened the way for speculation that the Trump campaign was somehow in collusion with Moscow. Ryabkov's claim that these were routine contacts is an explanation without an audience. 
Of special interest is the timing of the reported contacts with Trump. The Russians didn't respond to allegations of contact. They announced the relationship with the Trump campaign. They also announced that a similar offer of contact to the Clinton effort was turned down. 
Why did the Russian's initiate this announcement knowing it could hurt Trump at a critical post election juncture? He's losing the popular vote and demonstrations are emerging all over the country protesting his policies. The New York Times estimates a 1.2% popular vote victory by Clinton when all the votes are tabulated. Trump will be subjected to the battle accusation of imposing extreme changes in policy based on a minority mandate. 
Why would Russia deliberately release this information? 
The information is potentially devastating to Trump's legitimacy as the new president. The Post story is showing up in major national and regional media outlets. 
Given the calculated, mistake-free style of Russian diplomacy, how do we interpret this outcome in light of the supposed capture of Trump as a tool of the Russian government?

