ARTICLE

3454 Views November 07, 2016 15 Comments Guest Posts The Saker 
by Oleg Maslov 
The time has come for the country with the largest economy and military in the world will soon go to the polls to choose a new leader for itself. Americans will elect a new president on November 8, 2016. However, the two main candidates running for the office of president in the general election have never been more different from each other. Hillary Clinton has lived in the White House as First Lady for 8 years, served as a senator, ran for president in 2008, and served as Secretary of State during Barack Obama's first term, during which she oversaw the NATO intervention in Libya and the Benghazi crisis – in other words, a career politician. On the other hand, Donald Trump has never served in public office, instead dedicating his life to many different business ventures, some of which became runaway successes and others short-lived failures. 
Both candidates boast considerable strengths and face off against damaging scandals. Clinton has been touted as the 'most qualified candidate for the job' and has decades of experience in and around the center of power in Washington. However, she is currently under investigation by the FBI for potentially mishandling classified information after using a private email server to send and receive emails while Secretary of State, faced allegations of corruption relating to donations from foreign entities to the Clinton Foundation in return for political favors, responded to leaked email suggested that the Democratic National Convention colluded with major media companies against Democratic primary rival Bernie Sanders, and dealt with ongoing accusations of husband Bill Clinton's sexual relations and infidelities. On the other hand, Trump has pointed to his wealth to promote himself as a self-made billionaire capable of hard negotiations and used his status as a political outsider status to make his promise to change to the establishment believable. He has also been the target of sexual harassment allegations, responded to claims that some of his failed businesses may have been scams, battled accusations of involvement with white supremacy groups, and is the only candidate for president from a major party not to release tax information since Gerald Ford. 
Comparing the individual factors and history of both candidates gives us considerable information for analysis, but what effect will the policies of the candidates bring to the world once they enter office? In the following sections, we pit Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump in a head-to-head comparison, analyzing the likely outcomes of their policies on global conflicts, the world economy, American social and business conditions, the future of Europe, and US relations with Russia and China. 
Global Conflicts 
Hillary Clinton 
The former Secretary of State has been labeled by some analysts as a representative of the 'hawks' in Washington, or the group of influencers who are pro-war and closely connected with the American military industrial complex. Hillary Clinton voted for the American interventions in Iraq and Afghanistan as a Senator and spearheaded the American push for the NATO-imposed 'no-fly zone' in Libya as well as the US support for 'moderate rebels' in Syria as Secretary of State in the Obama administration. 
A vote for Hillary is a vote for continuing the foreign policies of the Obama administration, including the expansion of NATO activities in Eastern Europe, intensifying American actions against the government of Bashar al-Assad, ramping up US naval might in the South China Sea, and arming and supporting Saudi Arabia in its military operation against Yemen. 
One policy favored by Hillary Clinton adequately sums up the potential effects of a Clinton administration on global security: Hillary Clinton has publicly advocated for the implementation of a 'no-fly zone' and 'safe zones' within Syria. Joseph Dunford, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of State, succinctly outlined the consequences of such a policy last month when he explained to the US Senate that carrying out this policy would require the United States to 'go to war against Syria and Russia”, something unequivocally negative for both regional and global security and something which will certainly exacerbate tensions in Syria rather than relieve them. 
Trump expresses the greatest fear that such a policy may bring when he says that such proposals may start World War III. 
Much can be written on the other conflicts mentioned, but the general trend is relatively apparent – a Clinton presidency would continue aggressive American policies which only increase tensions and create the possibility for a spark to light the powder keg of conflict. 
Donald Trump 
If a Clinton administration would be predictably aggressive, a Trump administration would be an unpredictable wild card for global security. Many point to Trump's open call for good relations between the US and Russia, even for cooperation between the two countries in tackling the Islamic State, as a sign of a period of peace and stabilization of the global security climate under a Trump administration. However, others react with alarm when they hear Trump criticize the usefulness of NATO or seemingly advocate for the proliferation of nuclear weapons, although these apparent Trump policies are often taken out of context. 
Trump has consistently called for an increased 'sharing of the burden' from NATO partners and other American partners, notably Japan and South Korea. His campaign claims that the remarks that Trump made about the usefulness NATO and the proliferation of nuclear weapons was an extreme example meant to show the necessity of convincing American partners to pay more for the US military umbrella and that Trump has no intention of disbanding NATO or allowing states like Saudi Arabia or Japan to get nuclear weapons. 
However, if Trump's drive to push more of the financial burden of US military protection onto allies were to fail, he may be forced to carry out his promises, at least to some degree, if only to save face. Trump's public intentions to mend ties with Russia and pursue cooperation in Syria combined with the potential for a weaker US presence in Europe may in fact encourage Russia to act more aggressively in pursuing their own interests in Europe and the Middle East. 
One country has been disproportionately targeted by Trump – China. Trump has campaigned on the idea that China has been playing the United States for a sucker and that the US-Chinese relationship has been beneficial mostly for one side. His promises to renegotiate trade deals with China (which could be potentially quite harmful for China) could well have to be enforced by naval power projection, and Trump may end up following many of the same naval policies in the South China Sea as the Obama administration. This would, of course, raise tensions between the United States and China. 
Trump's proposals and policies have not been thoroughly tested and their success at stabilizing the world situation are far from assured. Although Trump tends to appear more interested in fostering peace and cooling down global conflict, the tensions created by his policies, especially with respect to China, may in fact increase the possibility of conflict, showing just how unpredictable a Trump administration may be. 
World Economy 
Donald Trump 
Trump has positioned himself as a pro-business candidate that will stimulate the US economy, and many of his proposed policies could potentially have positive effects. However, Trump's heavy criticism of global trade agreements, including the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership (TTIP) and the Trans-Pacific-Partnership (TPP), as well as Trump's intention to force American companies to bring their business operations back from other countries in an attempt to reverse the process of 'offshorization' may well benefit the American economy, but may in fact deal some heavy damage to the global economy. 
Policies that benefit the United States directly, such as encouraging auto manufacturers to return production to American soil by raising tariffs on autos made by American companies in other countries, will have a negative effect on other countries. Agreements such as the TTIP would certainly raise global economic activity, despite the fact that they benefit one side over the other, and would raise the level of global economic activity. It follows that delaying or disrupting negotiations on these agreements may lead to more negative consequences for the world economy as a whole. 
Trump's public call for better relations with Russia may have the effect of reducing or even removing sanctions thereby restoring former business between Russia and Europe as well as creating new business relationships which compensate for negative effects of other policies on the world economy. Further, if Trump's promises for peace and stabilization of global conflicts is carried out, economic activity and innovation would continue without any obstacle. 
Hillary Clinton 
A Clinton administration would continue to develop the economic strategy initiated by the Obama administration, including liberal policies toward corporate offshoring and advancement of global trade deals such as TTIP and TPP. In essence, these policies would produce slow but stable growth for the world economy. Maintaing the sanctions on Russia would restrict global growth but if negotiations on either TTIP or TPP would result in an agreement, the resulting economic activity would more than make up for that lost business. 
The Clinton administration may appear to offer better opportunities for the global economy, but one major factor still needs consideration. Clinton's preference for resolution of conflicts by military means, seen most acutely in her proposals for resolving the Syrian situation, have a high potential to lead to a wider conflict with Russia and Iran, and ultimately may lead to a third global war, a war in which the main adversaries have a vast amount of deliverable nuclear weapons as well as a protocol for using them, should the need arise. 
Needless to say, any conflict in which nuclear weapons are used is unequivocally negative for the global economy in the short term, if a global economy even remains after the dust has settled. If a global war remains conventional or if nuclear weapons are used in limited capacity, the prospect for global economic growth in the medium term is quite positive given the need to rebuild the affected countries, but the loss of life, destruction of productive infrastructure and buildings, and long term psychological and social effects far outweigh the economic growth related to rebuilding what was lost. 
US Social and Business Conditions 
Hillary Clinton 
As the status quo candidate, Hillary Clinton represents a future similar to the present conditions with small but noticeable changes. Although controversial, Obama's healthcare plan, commonly referred to as 'Obamacare', did bring healthcare insurance to more Americans. Clinton will most certainly continue developing Obamacare, which may improve the lives of many people. Hillary has also proposed a plan to finance higher education for students whose household earns a combined income of less than $125,000 per year, something seen as positive for standard of living and development of future business conditions. 
Clinton's willingness to accept more refugees from the war torn Middle East may increase already palpable social tensions by increasing competition for low-wage jobs and undermining social cohesion. The liberal policies of allowing companies to seek lower cost labor in other countries will continue to send jobs out of the United States, leaving university graduates, already suffering from low employment rates, with even fewer work opportunities. 
Despite meeting with mothers of black teens killed by police, Hillary has no practical solution for addressing the growing issue of perceived racial prejudice by police officers. Neither does Donald Trump for that matter. 
Donald Trump 
Trump's strongest potential option for improving the social and business conditions in the US is his promise to force American companies to bring production back to the United States. Fulfilling this promise would create many jobs in the US and alleviate the millennial unemployment problem, all the while raising wages and the overall standard of living. Although xenophobic and perhaps even racially charged in nature, Trump's intention to limit immigration may also create more low-wage opportunities for American citizens. 
Trump has called for an increase in paid maternity leave, something which may quality of life for average people. One of his main campaign promises is to revise and simplify the tax system. If done properly, this policy will make filing taxes easier for normal citizens and businesses as well, improving business conditions and potentially creating more jobs and economic activity. 
On the other hand, Trump is widely seen as a candidate who represents white male superiority and the mere fact of a Trump administration may cause an increase in already palpable social tensions, potentially even leading to open protest from Muslim or Hispanic groups among others at his presidency. The Clinton campaign has worked to paint Trump as a white supremacist and misogynist, and often successfully so. Despite the potential economic benefits of a Trump presidency, the potential explosion of social tensions may cause an overall negative social and business situation in the United States. Of course, a Trump administration will recognize this danger and will make every attempt to prevent it. 
The Future of Europe 
Donald Trump 
A Trump presidency would entail a major reversal of policies for many Eastern European countries, including the Baltic States, Poland, and Ukraine, when it comes to European relations with Russia. Trump has not only publicly questioned the utility of NATO, but has also called for better relations with Russia, both concepts which are anathema to many Eastern European nations. If Trump were to decrease the American footprint in Europe and to attempt to build better relations with Russia, many European nations would be forced to rethink some of their main strategic objectives at the very least. The current government of Ukraine would be one of the biggest losers in Europe should Trump become president and may even be pushed out of power, either peacefully or forcefully, should Trump choose to sacrifice American support for Ukraine in exchange for better relations with Russia, including recognition of Crimea as Russian territory. 
A decrease in US forces on mainland Europe as well as American engineered political obstacles to cooperation between Europe and Russia would naturally lead to a blossoming of relations between Europe and Russia. Under a Trump presidency, one may expect a significant rollback of European sanctions on Russia and significant growth in Russia-Europe trade and relations. The Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE) and the Parliamentary Assembly for the Council of Europe (PACE) would regain influence in regulating Europe-Russia relations. European-Chinese relations would also grow dynamically as 'Silk Road' projects through Russia would take on new relevance. 
Many so-called 'Euroskeptic' movements and otherwise 'right of center' political groups would gain influence and perhaps even become part of the mainstream political configuration. Parties like Marine Le Pen's Front National, Alternative fuer Deutschland, Austria's Freedom Party, and Golden Dawn in Greece could make a grand entrance into mainstream politics while ruling parties in Hungary and Italy could become even more entrenched. Pushed forward by Brexit, this trend would bring considerable momentum behind the a drive for the dissolution of the European Union, at least for the monetary union, but this remains unlikely. 
A Trump presidency may even allow for the start of negotiations between Europe and Russia on a comprehensive trade and political agreement to regulate relations. Numerous politicians, including Francois Mitterand and Vladimir Putin, have spoken about a free trade zone stretching from Lisbon to Vladivostock, but if China has any say in the matter, the zone will extend to Singapore and cover the entire supercontinent of Eurasia. If this concept were to ever become reality, European nations would gain influence over developing nations and receive access to valuable and profitable investment opportunities. 
Further, any major agreement between the United States and Russia on Middle Eastern policy would entail a significant slowdown of the current migration crisis as well as a noticeable reduction in terrorist related activity. Europe may even join a coalition of the US and Russia to fight terrorism. Lastly, US missile defense systems in Poland and Romania are likely to be dismantled. 
Hillary Clinton 
A Hillary Clinton presidency would entail business as usual with Europe and a continuation of the current trends and policies initiated by the Obama administration. The major features of a Clinton presidency would include continued military build-up in Baltic states, continuation of European sanctions against Russia, increased support for the Ukrainian government, increased media hype about the Russian military threat, and a further break-down in the systems that govern Europe-Russia relations, such as the OSCE and PACE. 
A Clinton presidency would entail an increase in the number of American troops in mainland Europe as well as an increase in joint US-European defense projects, including expansions of the missile defense project. More US-led NATO troops, groupings, and exercises would take place in the Baltic countries and a Clinton administration would push for Sweden and Finland closer to NATO, with the ultimate purpose to convince the Scandinavian countries to join the military block. Expect increased media reports about air force interceptions and Russian submarine scandals. 
Any European Union political party that has a neutral or favorable position to Russia will come under increased scrutiny and will face attacks on multiple fronts, mostly through the media. The EU will work to make examples of governments such as Hungary, Greece, and Italy that actively resist sanctions against Russia and attempt to circumvent sanctions by making their own economic arrangements with Russia. 
Europe will be pressured to sign TTIP and will most likely become more and more dependent on the United States for economic and political policy. More LNG terminals will be built on the European mainland so that European countries can import natural gas from America and Qatar so that dependence on Russia is decreased. China will place less of an effort on the Silk Road overland trade route and will have to make a different trade arrangement with Europe. 
Middle East migration numbers will continue in full force as US policy in the Middle East will continue to favor interventionist hawks, forcing reluctant European nations to accept more and more refugees from Middle Eastern nations. The threat of terrorism will remain high and terrorist attacks are likely to occur again on European soil. 
US Relations with Russia and China 
Hillary Clinton 
A Clinton administration will continue to play a double game with China, continuing the liberal policies of offshoring production to Chinese companies and maintaining a strong trade relationship on the one hand, but encircling China militarily with naval hardware and trade partnerships with local Chinese rivals. China will have a difficult time trying to push its goods to Europe through the Eurasian continent as the US will actively block attempts to create a Silk Road structure leading either through Russia or through Iran. However, on the surface, the US will continue to maintain a careful policy of wary respect toward China, never making overt insults or provocations and maintaining an air of pretentious respect. 
Relations with Russia will be characterized by increased support to Russia's enemies in Ukraine and Syria, as well as attempts to undermine the governments in Belarus and Central Asian countries. President Clinton will push European allies to increase economic pressure on Russia and media coverage of Russia from all ideological sides of American media will turn increasingly negative. All of this will take place while the United States will continue to do business with Russia as usual, buying rocket engines, space transport services, grain, and even certain types of weapons as if there was no issue in bilateral relations. 
Donald Trump 
The strategic economic goals of a Trump presidency would almost immediately begin to cause problems for Chinese-American relations. If Trump acts on his promises to raise tariffs for American companies producing goods in foreign countries and then shipping them to the US, many businesses with manufacturing operations in China will be forced to shut down their Chinese subsidiaries, causing significant losses for China. China would potentially experience a major economic downturn as many of its factories and industrial centers would be forced out of business. China would not leave such an unkind gesture unanswered and would most likely sell a significant portion of its US Treasury bills and bonds on the market, or simply demand early payment, leading to a period of financial troubles for the US. 
American-Russian relations would potentially enter into a new and unprecedented period of mutual understanding and cooperation. President Trump would work to open Russia's massive market even further to American companies and would deepen partnerships between the US and Russia in areas like space exploration and development, energy distribution and marketing, and perhaps even reopen programs focusing on purchase and delivery of Russian military hardware to groups supported by the Pentagon, including the program to arm and train the Afghan military with Russian helicopters. 
In all, both candidates offer substantially different visions of the future, and it is up to individual voters to decide which vision appears more rational and beneficial for both the United States and the world at large. The Essential Saker: from the trenches of the emerging multipolar world $27.95 

ARTICLE

1212 Views November 07, 2016 5 Comments Blog, Community News and Announcements The Saker 
It is with great sadness that we, the Saker Community, have decided to sever our ties with the German Saker blog. For many years the German Saker blog has been one of the most successful and dedicated blogs of our community and we want to sincerely thank Dagmar Henn for the superb job she did as the person in charge of this blog. Recently, however, the German Saker blog has taken a very different tone and has made a number of accusations and statements which have convinced us that we need to part ways. We do that with great sadness. We reserve the right to start another 'community approved” German Saker blog in the future with a different domain name and we express the hope that the current administrators of the so-called 'saker.de 2.0″ will agree to stop using the word 'saker” in their domain and blog name. Any future use of that word by the 'saker.de 2.0″ would be morally illegitimate and misleading. 
Signed: French Saker blog, Italian Saker blog, Latin American Saker blog, Oceania Saker blog, Russian Saker blog, Serbian Saker blog, The Saker The Essential Saker: from the trenches of the emerging multipolar world $27.95 

ARTICLE



ARTICLE



ARTICLE

Saker Message: No current Saker messages. What's goes around comes around, or How Russia and the US are trading punches, by Scott Humor 
This article was first published by the Duran 
Three years ago someone's video parody of a ' Russian guy's reaction ” to a meteor falling over Chelyabinsk went viral. 'Russia Today” even included it into its reportage of how the Russian dashcam videos become internet sensations [2:24]. 
This 10 sec video had done more to project the toughness of Russians than all the fireworks of Vitaly Churkin's diplomatic rhetoric. Hands down, Churkin is brilliant and his speeches should be included into high school curriculum, however, due to peculiarities of the Western supranational media, his oratorical talent remains largely unrecognized by a wider audience. Yet, everyone remembers a video of a guy in a knitted cap, who just lowered a sun visor driving directly onto a collision path with a rapidly approaching celestial body. 
Readers and commentators of The Saker blog often express their frustration with the 'lack of immediate” response to the Western provocations from the Russian government and society . 'Why don't Russia's government respond by hitting them back hard and in kind?” ask out readers. Whereat we, Russians, consider this to be our national character trait. Rather than jumping nervously every time the West says 'Boo!” we keep steadfastly and resolutely moving forward despite of adversities. 
There is also a well calculated geopolitical dimension to this 'wait and observe” stance chosen by the Russia's government every time Washington comes up with a newly staged provocation. Which is every Monday, Wednesday and Friday, if I am not mistaken. 'Washington” here is being a working term to include Pentagon, CIA and also a slew of companies like: 
Valbin Corporation – Bethesda, MD 
CACI International Inc – Suitland, MD 
Leidos – Vienna, VA 
Varen Technologies – Fort Meade, MD 
Sagent Partners – Linthicum, MD 
Pluribus International – Fort Meade, MD 
Assured Information Security, Inc – Fort Meade, MD 
AECOM – Chantilly, VA 
Razor Technology LLC – Washington, DC 
Engility Corporation — Fort Meade, MD 
Goldbelt Inc – Herndon, VA 
CWU, Inc. – Hunter Army Airfield, GA 
Belay Technologies, Inc — Annapolis Junction, MD 
Applied Technology Group – Annapolis Junction, MD 
Booz Allen Hamilton – McLean, VA 
Pluribus International – Fort Meade, MD 
Advantage SCI – United States 
This is just a short snippet of a long list of willing participants in a division of a US military budget pie, which is now turned into a thriving and mushrooming industry of private constructors specializing in recognizance, intelligence gathering, intelligence analysis of SIGINT & FININT in support of operations CONUS or OCONUS. 
We, of course, are mostly interested in 'operations” that are being conducted OCONUS, which is outside of the continental US, also known as the rest of the world. In case you are wondering about the location of your country in relation to the US intelligence community. Take the US military, plus the entirety of NATO, some crafty old spy masters from Britain, France, and Germany, add to it hundreds of private and public enterprises, and you will understand where the plethora of false flag attacks, provocations, terror acts, civilian sabotage on the media, sports, kidnapping of Russian citizens and other violations of the human rights of Russians are coming from. 
In the last two weeks of October we watched a Ukrainian civil airline dispatcher threaten to take down a civil aircraft from Belarus. Russia got pushed out of the UN Human Rights Council, after the generally proven-to-be-fake campaign of the White Helmets , which are another of these private intelligence companies financed by NATO members. 
We also were presented with the gruesome murder of one of the originators of so called ' Russian Spring ” in Ukraine, known to the Western audience as 'Motorola.” Keeping in mind, of course, that the 'Russian Spring” starting with the Bolotnaya Square protests, just like its predecessor the ' Arab Spring ,” was engineered by Western intelligence and military complexes. Let's give credit where credit is due. 
All of these provocations, from big to small, from violent to ridiculous, all of them have one common goal, to draw the reaction of the Russian government, to take its precious time, resources, and to disrupt its work. 
Here comes the catch: the more willing participants are being involved in designing and staging this torrid stream of provocations against Russia, the less professional, less coordinated, and less convincing they are becoming. It's exactly like with the famed musical 'Cats” which was perfectly choreographed on Broadway, but watching it on a community theater stage would hurt your eyes in shame for the production crew and actors. 
By the fall of 2016, the saturation of provocative actions against Russia has reached it's critical stage. In other words, we had ceased reacting emotionally to them and have started analyzing them rationally. 
This explains the Russian government's reaction to the multitude of recent provocative actions. A reaction that can be generally described as 'muted,”'low-key,”'hushed,” and at least in one instance 'absent.” 
Knowing who or what is behind a provocation should warrant a type of response, if any. 
Let's say, the Justice Department backtracks it's perfidious demands for billions of dollars in fines arbitrarily imposed on Deutsche Bank, only after Germany agrees to deploy its troops and tanks to the Russian border. Understandably, their move puts an adult population of Russian into a sentimental mood summarized in 'let's finish the job our grandfather died doing.” Russia's Foreign Ministry issues a warming statement, and the Defense Ministry moves a few troops closer to the Western border, mirroring NATO moves. The Pentagon and CIA issue memos to the all Western media outlets stating the 'Russian aggression.” The Western press copies these memos verbatim and propagates them in every nook and cranny of the 'free” world. 
After that, the Russian Defense Ministry releases information on successful testing of a new 'Sarmat” missile with some of its technical characteristics. Youtube hosts several videos with detailed explanations of how it takes only two Sarmats to destroy the East and West coasts of the US. They also specifically explain why Sarmat is invincible to the Western anti-missile systems. If you wonder how we got to this point, see the aforementioned information. 
Everyone, privy to the latest Russian military upgrades, which includes every YouTube viewer, can see the Russian government response to the attacks of the US banking system and Wall Street and the DOJ. 
We are witnessing a situation when hundreds of companies employing well over a million people who are trying to make themselves relevant in a crowded industry of war making, by producing torrents of 'events” around the globe. They are the Americans with 'gas cans” setting fires around the globe, according to the memorable comparison made by Rostislav Ishchenko in his April 2015 article ' What does Putin want?” 
He wrote: ' One can only guess who will be more effective – the Americans with their gas can or the Russians with their fire extinguisher? ” 
Fire, however, dies quickly in the absence of oxygen. Most of the anti-Russian actions go unnoticed and just turn into white noise, but some manage to stand out in the news for a day or longer. In essence, they all vie for the Russian government attention. Maybe that gets them a yearend bonus and an annual contract renewal? 
Thank you for your time, 
Scott

ARTICLE

748 Views November 07, 2016 18 Comments Moveable Feast Herb Swanson 
2016/11/07 14:00:01Welcome to the 'Moveable Feast Cafe'. The 'Moveable Feast' is an open thread where readers can post wide ranging observations, articles, rants, off topic and have animate discussions of the issues of the day. 
The 'Moveable Feast Cafe' will have two new open threads each week. 
The Saker stated moderation policy will apply eg 'no caps', no obscenity … etc to all post. 
The Cafe is now open for business … come on in and have a good time. 
Saker Webmaster The Essential Saker: from the trenches of the emerging multipolar world $27.95

ARTICLE

 

ARTICLE

 

ARTICLE



ARTICLE



ARTICLE



ARTICLE

2061 Views November 08, 2016 32 Comments commenter-corner Saker-Admin The following comment was selected by mod-kl from this post . Mod-kl found this dissertation on the various troll techniques to be quite well written and very education. We think other members of the saker community would also enjoy it. by Anonymous How To Identify Trolls And Forum Spies (Cryptome) Cointelpro Techniques for dilution, misdirection and control of a internet forum. There are several techniques for the control and manipulation of a internet forum no matter what, or who is on it. We will go over each technique and demonstrate that only a minimal number of operatives can be used to eventually and effectively gain a control of an 'uncontrolled forum.' Technique #1 – 'Forum Sliding' If a very sensitive posting of a critical nature has been posted on a forum – it can be quickly removed from public view by 'forum sliding.' In this technique a number of unrelated posts are quietly prepositioned on the forum and allowed to 'age.' Each of these misdirectional forum postings can then be called upon at will to trigger a 'forum slide.' The second requirement is that several fake accounts exist, which can be called upon, to ensure that this technique is not exposed to the public. To trigger a 'forum slide' and 'flush' the critical post out of public view it is simply a matter of logging into each account both real and fake and then 'replying' to prepositined postings with a simple 1 or 2 line comment. This brings the unrelated postings to the top of the forum list, and the critical posting 'slides' down the front page, and quickly out of public view. Although it is difficult or impossible to censor the posting it is now lost in a sea of unrelated and unuseful postings. By this means it becomes effective to keep the readers of the forum reading unrelated and non-issue items. Technique #2 – 'Consensus Cracking' A second highly effective technique (which you can see in operation all the time at http://www.abovetopsecret.com) is 'consensus cracking.' To develop a consensus crack, the following technique is used. Under the guise of a fake account a posting is made which looks legitimate and is towards the truth is made – but the critical point is that it has a very weak premise without substantive proof to back the posting. Once this is done then under alternative fake accounts a very strong position in your favour is slowly introduced over the life of the posting. It is Imperative that both sides are initially presented, so the uninformed reader cannot determine which side is the truth. As postings and replies are made the stronger 'evidence' or disinformation in your favour is slowly 'seeded in.' Thus the uninformed reader will most like develop the same position as you, and if their position is against you their opposition to your posting will be most likely dropped. However in some cases where the forum members are highly educated and can counter your disinformation with real facts and linked postings, you can then 'abort' the consensus cracking by initiating a 'forum slide.' Technique #3 – 'Topic Dilution' Topic dilution is not only effective in forum sliding it is also very useful in keeping the forum readers on unrelated and non-productive issues. This is a critical and useful technique to cause a 'Resource Burn.' By implementing continual and non-related postings that distract and disrupt (trolling ) the forum readers they are more effectively stopped from anything of any real productivity. If the intensity of gradual dilution is intense enough, the readers will effectively stop researching and simply slip into a 'gossip mode.' In this state they can be more easily misdirected away from facts towards uninformed conjecture and opinion. The less informed they are the more effective and easy it becomes to control the entire group in the direction that you would desire the group to go in. It must be stressed that a proper assessment of the psychological capabilities and levels of education is first determined of the group to determine at what level to 'drive in the wedge.' By being too far off topic too quickly it may trigger censorship by a forum moderator. Technique #4 – 'Information Collection' Information collection is also a very effective method to determine the psychological level of the forum members, and to gather intelligence that can be used against them. In this technique in a light and positive environment a 'show you mine so me yours' posting is initiated. From the number of replies and the answers that are provided much statistical information can be gathered. An example is to post your 'favourite weapon' and then encourage other members of the forum to showcase what they have. In this matter it can be determined by reverse proration what percentage of the forum community owns a firearm, and or a illegal weapon. This same method can be used by posing as one of the form members and posting your favourite 'technique of operation.' From the replies various methods that the group utilizes can be studied and effective methods developed to stop them from their activities. Technique #5 – 'Anger Trolling' Statistically, there is always a percentage of the forum posters who are more inclined to violence. In order to determine who these individuals are, it is a requirement to present a image to the forum to deliberately incite a strong psychological reaction. From this the most violent in the group can be effectively singled out for reverse IP location and possibly local enforcement tracking. To accomplish this only requires posting a link to a video depicting a local police officer massively abusing his power against a very innocent individual. Statistically of the million or so police officers in America there is always one or two being caught abusing there powers and the taping of the activity can be then used for intelligence gathering purposes – without the requirement to 'stage' a fake abuse video. This method is extremely effective, and the more so the more abusive the video can be made to look. Sometimes it is useful to 'lead' the forum by replying to your own posting with your own statement of violent intent, and that you 'do not care what the authorities think!!' inflammation. By doing this and showing no fear it may be more effective in getting the more silent and self-disciplined violent intent members of the forum to slip and post their real intentions. This can be used later in a court of law during prosecution. Technique #6 – 'Gaining Full Con-trol' It is important to also be harvesting and continually maneuvering for a forum moderator position. Once this position is obtained, the forum can then be effectively and quietly controlled by deleting unfavourable postings – and one can eventually steer the forum into complete failure and lack of interest by the general public. This is the 'ultimate victory' as the forum is no longer participated with by the general public and no longer useful in maintaining their freedoms. Depending on the level of control you can obtain, you can deliberately steer a forum into defeat by censoring postings, deleting memberships, flooding, and or accidentally taking the forum offline. By this method the forum can be quickly killed. However it is not always in the interest to kill a forum as it can be converted into a 'honey pot' gathering center to collect and misdirect newcomers and from this point be completely used for your control for your agenda purposes. Conclusion Remember these techniques are only effective if the forum participants do not know about them. Once they are aware of these techniques the operation can completely fail, and the forum can become uncontrolled. At this point other avenues must be considered such as initiating a false legal precidence to simply have the forum shut down and taken offline. This is not desirable as it then leaves the enforcement agencies unable to track the percentage of those in the population who always resist attempts for control against them. Many other techniques can be utilized and developed by the individual and as you develop further techniques of infiltration and control it is imperative to share then with HQ. The Essential Saker: from the trenches of the emerging multipolar world $27.95

ARTICLE



ARTICLE



ARTICLE



ARTICLE



ARTICLE

4072 Views November 09, 2016 22 Comments SITREPs Scott 
Source: Extract from infographic – Offiziere.ch 
Source: Extract from infographic – Offiziere.ch 
Latest information is that the Russian fleet off the coast of Syria is going to carry out military strikes in the Aleppo region including seaborne missiles launches. This is not surprising since the main elements of the Russian Navy force have at last converged off Cyprus & Syria. The Kuznetsov carrier has been on the receiving end of a lot of trolling, mocking all the way to the Syrian shores It has taken a while to finally get the vital naval pieces into place, much of it to howls of protest from NATO and the MSM. 
It is doubtful that the air strikes against the rebels will be carrier launched, largely due to the ski jump configuration that hinders the launching of fully laden aircraft, but SU-33s have already been reported in the skies above Syria, either probably on Combat Air Patrols, or more than likely having relocated to the main airbase at Khmeimim , supplementing the air assets there. If indeed true, it will nevertheless be the first combat air sortie in 25 years for the Kuznetsov's air wing! Much less fuss has been made in the MSM & politically on the role of the Black & Caspian Sea fleets,which have already used Kalibrs in anger in 2015 & this year. Interestingly, 100 Kalibr & Onix missiles were ordered by the Russian Ministry of Defense in the 3rd quarter of 2016. (TASS 21 Oct). The destroyer, Smetlivy is also reported to have joined the fleet, after a Greek stopover, where sailors got to see the sights of Athens. Whereas Spain & Malta snubbed the Russian Navy, Greece welcomes them with open arms. 
At the beginning of November, the naval auxiliary, Prof. Nikolay Muru left Sevastopol along with the missile frigate, the Admiral Grigorovich, the only surface ship carrying Kalibrs in the eastern Mediterranean. The Prof. Nikolay Muru is a Search & Rescue (SAR) ship, also capable of underwater operations & has Dynamic Positioning System (DPS); it's one of two vessels that frequently use AIS and as such trackable. The other is the Nikolay Chiker, an ocean going tug, which accompanied the Kuznetsov fleet down from Severomorsk. The Chiker is now quite close to Turkey, at the northernmost edge of what appears to be the Russian Navy operational zone. (See diagram for the NOTAM). 
Russia's aircraft carrier group is ready to launch strike on Aleppo in the next 24 hours 
Also underway and heading to Syria is the Large Buoy Tender, KIL 158, with a deck cargo of what appears to be two fast 'Raptor' patrol craft . 
It has a heavy lift crane and also an underwater operations role. You don't send off such ships far from their homeports for a nice training cruise, so although this might seem at first sight, dull news compared to the deployment of combat ships, it is interesting from a logistical point of view. There is the need to reconfigure the Tartus docks into a viable & safe naval base permanently and as such specialist vessels with diving support capabilities will probably come in handy. 
Equally, the arrival of specialist auxiliary ships makes for an intriguing combination, specifically looking at the underwater operations capability. This is especially so when you vector in what the Yantar did last month. The Yantar, a Russian navy oceanographic ship was off Syrian & Lebanese coasts, loitered over areas where there submarine cables linking Cyprus with the Levant & Turkey. My guess is that it was also surveying and checking out the Anti Submarine Warfare sonar arrays 'toys' left there by NATO – (US), in preparation for the arrival of the main fleet. Back in October, several UK MSM newspapers reported the deployment of 2 Akula class & 1 Kilo class submarines in the Atlantic. They added that they were joining the Russian fleet in the Mediterranean. So maybe the Yantar was giving the elusive Russian submarine(s?) some more room to maneuver discreetly. At the same time, there was what seemed to be a cat and mouse game taking place between the Russian navy (a sub?) firing missiles and the US Navy sending out an ASW P-8 air patrol the next day in the area. A discreet but vital underwater conflict is taking place off the Syrian coast. 
Caption: Map showing the location of the Yantar in relation to submarine cables in the region 
Some of the Russian ships took a northerly route past Cyprus, thus completely avoiding the French aircraft-carrier group and the busy airspace used by the RAF and ISF aircraft. Just by looking at the NOTAM map for Cyprus shows this crowded airspace). There are still NATO/US ships lurking in the area, probably keeping tabs on the Russians. One, off Crete, was the USNS Mary Sears (T AGS 65), an oceanographic ship, with sonar, underwater metal detection & satellite imagery capabilities, approximately in the same mould as the Yantar. The Yantar is now going to Iran and maybe will cause some ASW mischief making there. The latest 'watcher' is the Spanish navy tanker, the Cantabria, (A 15), and before that it was the turn of the Danish warship HMDS Absalon off Crete. The US naval oiler Leroy Grumman is also deployed in the area and it appears to be replenishing the French carrier group. 
The latest news in is that there was a 'brief encounter' between the Kuznetsov escorts and a Dutch NATO submarine. (SPUTNIK news 9 Nov) Supposedly for a top notch hyper silent submarine, the Dutch Walrus class diesel- electric submarine was detected by the Severomorsk & the Vice-Adm Kulakov. 
In other news, the Russian naval 'Syrian Express” is still providing a much needed military supply shuttle service. In what is probably the oddest naval movement was that of a tug SB 5 towing a barge, that went through the Bosphorus twice in less than 30 hours, a record breaking transit. The barge looked like a mooring pontoon for one of the big combat ships or for the Kuznetsov. The naval logistical & combat support operations is a underrated but vital aspect of the Russian military campaign in Syria. 
P.S. Rumor has it that the Dutch sub detected is the Walrus, since it visited Valletta, Malta back in September. 
All sources are OSINT; usually cross checked. 

Thank you for your time, 
LeDahu

ARTICLE

13904 Views November 09, 2016 193 Comments Analyses The Saker 
So it has happened: Hillary did not win! I say that instead of saying that 'Trump won” because I consider the former even more important than the latter. Why? Because I have no idea whatsoever what Trump will do next. I do, however, have an excellent idea of what Hillary would have done: war with Russia. Trump most likely won't do that. In fact, he specifically said in his acceptance speech: 
I want to tell the world community that while we will always put America's interests first, we will deal fairly with everyone, with everyone — all people and all other nations. We will seek common ground, not hostility; partnership, not conflict . 
And Putin's reply was immediate: 
We heard the statements he made as candidate for president expressing a desire to restore relations between our countries. We realise and understand that this will not be an easy road given the level to which our relations have degraded today, regrettably. But, as I have said before, it is not Russia's fault that our relations with the United States have reached this point. 
Russia is ready to and seeks a return to full-format relations with the United States. Let me say again, we know that this will not be easy, but are ready to take this road, take steps on our side and do all we can to set Russian-US relations back on a stable development track. 
This would benefit both the Russian and American peoples and would have a positive impact on the general climate in international affairs, given the particular responsibility that Russia and the US share for maintaining global stability and security. 
This exchange, right there, is enough of a reason for the entire planet to rejoice at the defeat of Hillary and the victory of Trump. 
Will Trump now have the courage, willpower and intelligence to purge the US Executive from the Neocon cabal which has been infiltrating it for decades now? Will he have the strength to confront an extremely hostile Congress and media? Or will he try to meet them halfway and naively hope that they will not use their power, money and influence to sabotage his presidency? 
I don't know. Nobody does. 
One of the first signs to look for will be the names and backgrounds of the folks he will appoint in his new administration. Especially his Chief of Staff and Secretary of State. 
I have always said that the choice for the lesser evil is morally wrong and pragmatically misguided. I still believe that. In this case, however, the greater evil was thermonuclear war with Russia and the lesser evil just might turn out to be one which will gradually give up the Empire to save the USA rather than sacrifice the USA for the needs of the Empire. In the case of Hillary vs Trump the choice was simple: war or peace. 
Trump can already be credited with am immense achievement: his campaign has forced the US corporate media to show its true face – the face of an evil, lying, morally corrupt propaganda machine. The American people by their vote have rewarded their media with a gigantic 'f*ck you!”– a vote of no-confidence and total rejection which will forever demolish the credibility of the Empire's propaganda machine. 
I am not so naive as to not realize that billionaire Donald Trump is also one of the 1%ers, a pure product of the US oligarchy. But neither am I so ignorant of history to forget that elites do turn on each other , especially when their regime is threatened. Do I need to remind anybody that Putin also came from the Soviet elites?! 
Ideally, the next step would be for Trump and Putin to meet, with all their key ministers, in a long, Camp David like week of negotiations in which everything, every outstanding dispute, should be put on the table and a compromise sought in each case. Paradoxically, this could be rather easy: the crisis in Europe is entirely artificial, the war in Syria has an absolutely obvious solution, and the international order can easily accommodate a United States which would ' deal fairly with everyone, with everyone — all people and all other nations ” and ' seek common ground, not hostility; partnership, not conflict '. The truth is that the USA and Russia have no objective reasons for conflict – only ideological issues resulting directly from the insane ideology of messianic imperialism of those who believe, or pretend to believe, that the USA is an 'indispensable nation”. What the world wants – needs – is the USA as a *normal* nation. 
The worst case? Trump could turn out to be a total fraud. I personally very much doubt it, but I admit that this is possible. More likely is that he just won't have the foresight and courage to crush the Neocons and that he will try to placate them. If he does so, they will instead crush him. It is a fact that while administrations have changed every 4 or 8 years, the regime in power has not, and that US internal and foreign policies have been amazingly consistent since the end of WWII. Will Trump finally bring not just a new administration but real 'regime change”? I don't know. 
Make no mistake – even if Trump does end up disappointing those who believed in him what happened today has dealt a death blow to the Empire. The 'Occupy Wall Street” did not succeed in achieving anything tangible, but the notion of 'rule of the 1%” did emerge from that movement and it stayed. This is a direct blow to the credibility and legitimacy of the entire socio-political order of the USA: far from being a democracy, it is a plutocracy/oligarchy – everybody pretty much accepts that today. Likewise, the election of Trump has already proved that the US media is a prostitute and that the majority of the American people hate their ruling class. Again, this is a direct blow to the credibility and legitimacy of the entire socio-political order. One by one the founding myths of the US Empire are crashing down and what remains is a system which can only rule by force. 
Alexander Solzhenitsyn used to say that regimes can be measured on a spectrum which ranges from regimes whose authority is their power and regimes whose power in in their authority. In the case of the USA we now clearly can see that the regime has no other authority than its power and that makes it both illegitimate and unsustainable. 
Finally, whether the US elites can accept this or not, the US Empire is coming to an end. With Hillary, we would have had a Titanic-like denial up to the last moment which might well have come in the shape of a thermonuclear mushroom over Washington DC. Trump, however, might use the remaining power of the USA to negotiate the US global draw-down thereby getting the best possible conditions for his country. Frankly, I am pretty sure that all the key world leaders realize that it is in their interest to make as many (reasonable) concessions to Trump as possible and work with him, rather than to deal with the people whom he just removed from power. 
If Trump can stick to his campaign promises he will find solid and reliable partners in Vladimir Putin and Xi Jinping. Neither Russia nor China have anything at all to gain from a confrontation or, even less so, a conflict with the USA. Will Trump have the wisdom to realize this and use it for the benefit of the USA? Or will he continue with his anti-Chinese and anti-Iranian rhetoric? 
Only time will tell. The Essential Saker: from the trenches of the emerging multipolar world $27.95

ARTICLE

 

ARTICLE

 

ARTICLE



ARTICLE



ARTICLE

2909 Views November 11, 2016 29 Comments Guest Posts The Saker 
by Pepe Escobar Donald Trump's red wave on Election Day was an unprecedented body blow against neoliberalism. The stupid early-1990s prediction about the 'end of history' turned into a – possible – shock of the new. 
The new global nativism? Perhaps a new push towards democratic socialism? Too early to tell. 
Once again. A body blow, not a death blow. Like the cast of The Walking Dead , the zombie neoliberal elite simply won't quit. For the Powers That Be/Deep State/Wall Street axis, there's only one game in town, and that is to win, at all costs. Failing that, to knock over the whole chessboard, as in hot war. 
Hot war has been postponed, at least for a few years. Meanwhile, it's enlightening to observe the collective American and Eurocrat despair about a world they can't understand anymore; Brexit, Trumpquake, the rise of the far-right across the West. For the insulated financial/tech/think-tank elites of liquid modernity, criticism of neoliberalism – with is inbuilt deregulation, privatization a-go-go, austerity obsession – is anathema. 
The angry, white, blue collar Western uprising is the ultimate backlash against neoliberalism – an instinctive reaction against the rigged economic casino capitalism game and its subservient political arms. That's at the core of Trump winning non-college white voters in Wisconsin by 28 points. Blaming 'whitelash” , racism, WikiLeaks or Russia is no more than childish diversionary tactics. 
The key question is whether the backlash may engender a new Western drive towards democratic socialism – read David Harvey's books for the road map – or just nostalgic nationalism raging against the neoliberal Washington/EU/NAFTA/ globalization machine. 
Read my lips: much lower taxes 
Trump is proposing to turn the tables on the neoliberal game. Throughout his campaign he criminalized free trade – the essence of globalization – for decimating the American working class, even as US businesses blamed free trade for forcing them to squeeze workers' wages. 
So let's see how Trump will be able to impose his priorities. In parallel to addressing the appalling structural decline in US manufacturing, he wants to pull a China: a massive $1 trillion infrastructure project over 10 years via public-private partnerships and private investments encouraged by lower taxes. That's supposed to create a wealth of jobs. 
Lower corporate taxes in this case translate into a whopping $3 trillion over 10 years, something like 1.6 percent of GDP. That would be the way to incite huge multinationals to repatriate the hundreds of billions of dollars in profits stashed abroad. This fiscal shock would create 25 million jobs in the US over the next 10 years, and propel a 4 percent growth rate. 
And then there's the protectionist drive that will renegotiate NAFTA and kill TPP for good. Not to mention raising import tariffs over manufactured products (many by de-localized US multinationals) imported from China and Mexico. 
It's open to fierce debate how Trumponomics will manage to square the circle; with more economic growth fueled by less taxes, imports will rise to satisfy internal demand. But if these products are subjected to stiffer tariffs, they will become more expensive, and inflation will inevitably rise. 
Anyway, the bottom line of protectionist Trumponomics would be a huge blow against global trade. Deglobalization, anyone? 
Asia braces for impact 
Predictably, the heart of deglobalization will be the Trump-China relationship. Throughout the campaign, Trump blamed China for currency manipulation and proposed a 45 percent tariff on Chinese imports. 
In Hong Kong banking circles, no one believes in it. Key argument: the already strapped basket of 'deplorables” simply won't have the means to pay more for these Chinese imports. 
Another thing entirely would be for Trumponomics to find mechanisms to hurt US companies that de-localize in Asia. That would translate into serious problems for outsourcing Meccas such as India and the Philippines. Outsourcing in the Philippines, for instance, serves mostly US companies and attracts revenue as crucial to the nation as total Filipino worker remittances from abroad, something like 9 percent of GDP. 
It's quite enlightening in this context to consider what Narayana Murthy – founder of Indian IT major Infosys – told the CNBC TV-18 network; 'What is in the best interest of America is for its corporations to succeed, for its corporations to create more jobs… to export more… so I'm very positive.” 
our months ago Nomura Holdings Inc. issued a report titled 'Trumping Asia” . No less than 77 percent of respondents expected Trump to brand China a currency manipulator; and 75 percent predicted he will impose tariffs on exports from China, South Korea and Japan. 
So no wonder all across Asia the next months will be nerve-wracking. Asia – and not only China – is the factory of the world. Any Trump trade restriction over China will reverberate all across Asia. 
Brace for impact: deglobalized Trumponomics vs. Neoliberalism will be a battle for the ages. The Essential Saker: from the trenches of the emerging multipolar world $27.95

ARTICLE



ARTICLE



ARTICLE



ARTICLE



ARTICLE

1202 Views November 15, 2016 No Comments SITREPs Scott 
Part 1 – The Russian navy modernisation program 
'I would like to emphasize that we have commissioned 42 warships in the past three years, from 2013 to 2016. From 2016 to 2018 we are planning to commission more than 50 warships, ” Russian naval CINC, Admiral Vladimir Korolyov said . Read more 
With only an estimated 48% of the Russian military has been modernised so far, it is certain that the Russian Navy is lagging behind. An interview with retired Deputy CINC Admiral Vasilyev provides more details on the scope of modernisation in all the regions of Russia, especially in the Arctic. RIA Novosti in Russian , in English 
It is good to see that the Navy is getting its lion share at last. Despite some highly visible setbacks, (notably with the French pulling out from the Mistral class contract in 2014), this modernisation program truly heralds in a new era for the navy, on a scale not seen since the time of the Soviet Union, more than 35 years ago. Here's a prime example of the latest type of warship to enter into service: the – ' Admiral Grigorovich ” LINK 
The Russian Navy is focusing on new ships as part of the backbone of its green-water capabilities, while at the same time older Soviet era ships also get modernised & upgraded, the latest being the Marshal Ustinov , part of the Northern Fleet. Maintaining & deploying some of the older ships & as well as refitting such ships, underpins the blue-water naval component. Link to Ustinov Russian Navy Marshal Ustinov Cruiser Undergoes Final Tests in White Sea https://t.co/eDlwMyIoTI pic.twitter.com/C2YiSiZByG 
— NavyRecognition (@NavyRecognition) November 10, 2016 
Part 2 – The Syrian operations 
' Today the main thing — to increase the level of training of all categories of personnel in combat conditions at sea. And combat duty at sea is the best school and the best Academy for a sailor of any level and rank. ” Admiral (Rtd) Ivan Vasiliev. 
The Dutch submarine and the Kuznetsov fleet 
There is more to last week's Dutch submarine incident than meets the eye, but I just can't put my finger on what. Whatever happened officially, it was a very serious incident indeed. Routine tracking/surveillance missions by submarines don't usually end up in the news. Unless the Russian MOD publicised this event to make a clear point to NATO, about its ability to detect & track NATO submarines. 
More here 
In spite of all of the disparaging memes about its smoke & breaking down, as officially reported on Russian TV on Saturday, the Kuznetsov's air wing flies daily sorties off the Syrian coast, carrying out training & reconnaissance flights. ( Rossiya 1 – Vesti v subbotu ). Yet, MSM feathers are ruffled again, as the Kuznetsov is still causing moments of agitation in some circles. But even the US Pentagon states that the Russian naval jets aren't carrying ordnance . Link 
The Russian MOD confirmed that a naval MIG-29K crashed into the Med while returning to the carrier, off the Syrian coast, fortunately the pilot ejected and rescued by a SAR helicopter. Link 
South Front produced this article on the deployment of the naval helicopters in Syria, which reportedly will make a vital contribution in a mass missile strike. 
The missile types & capabilities onboard the Russian Navy fleet currently in the eastern Med is outlined in the infographic below: LINK 
Naval movements 
In other naval news, the Russian Navy's Yug Class Oceanographic Research Vessel, Donuzlav, went south bound in October into the Mediterranean, so maybe it is playing a part in the Tartus naval base expansion. It is also likely that the Russian Navy Black Sea Fleet's Nanuchka class guided missile corvette (617) is also stationed off Syria, as part of the expanded Russian fleet. It is however not known whether it has joined the core Kuznetsov group. Rumours state that the 3 Russian submarines operating in the Med are: the 'Lipetsk” -'Vyborg”& 'St. Petersburg”. 
The latest addition to the Syrian Express is Tapir Class LST 'Nikolay Filchenkov” (152) & the Alexander Shabalin (110) both southbound en route to Tartus. Heading back home is the Tsezar Kunikov (158). 
As of the 12th Nov, the Kuznetsov's oiler Osipov, the tug Nikolai Chiker and the SB Prof. Muru are in Tartus. Also present is a general cargo ship, the STARSHINA DEROV N.G, with a Hazard A cargo, (explosives). There is another ship loaded with Dangerous Goods, the LADY EMAN, at anchorage. The logistics and supply aspect of the Syrian campaign is very busy, mostly preparation for the forthcoming campaign in the Aleppo region. 
In other news, Syrian rebel linked social media claimed that a Russian warship fired a ballistic missile on the outskirts of Dana in the night of the 10th Nov. There has been no confirmation from Russian sources whatsoever. 

Part 3- NATO' s backyard 
NATO announced on the 9th Nov the start of a 'newish' Operation Sea Guardian in the central Med area. It has been in the making since July, but evidently the timing or circumstances of this latest deployment don't have a connection to the fact that the Russian Navy has just muscled in on NATO's perceived 'hallowed turf” with a significant naval presence in the eastern Med. [Sarc off] 
Wasn't this supposed to be the belated response to the migrant crisis that peaked last year in the Aegean Sea? NATO really took their time to assemble this. So far the Operation currently involves the Bulgarian, Italian, Greek and Spanish and Turkish navies. This is also the additional presence of a Greek & German submarine, as well as aircraft. According to the press statement : ' Operation Sea Guardian will help maintain an accurate picture of daily activity in the Mediterranean to help identify possible security concerns .” The mission can be broken down into 3 parts: LINK 
1. Security & counter-terrorism 
3. Capacity building 
(Memo to NATO: Can I have that in plain English please?) 
There is another aspect to this Operation Sea Guardian , since the core tasks can also be expanded to include freedom of navigation and interdiction tasks, amongst others. [ Ding ding.. alarm bells are ringing…. 'freedom of navigation ' ? Ah, maybe stretching the mission a bit, to denying 'freedom of navigation” to certain countries in the future?] As a stated by NATO, the aim of this Operation could change; to be tied in with Operation Sophia. So sometime in the future, it could conveniently include official monitoring of events in Syria & the Russian Navy in the Med. LINK 
So on paper it looks like a well-oiled machine swinging into action, but judging from the tone of the title this Greek newspaper, ' NATO operation starts amid Greek-Turkish tensions ', the reality isn't so rosy in the Aegean. LINK 
Lastly, Obama will shortly visit Greece. Rumours state that the hidden agenda may include forcing Greece to block Russian warships from port calls. This thorny issue is seen as one of the stumbling blocks for the US & NATO. The Avaaz led campaign whirlwind stopped Spain and Malta from allowing the Russian warships to call in, but not Greece. The Russian foreign ministry replied to the pressures made on Spain & Malta to deny port calls to Russian naval ships. . @mfa_russia 's #Zakharova on the arrival of the #Russian Navy's aircraft carrier group in the Mediterranean | #Malta https://t.co/G45qg8tErP pic.twitter.com/FIS4a6r5Gv 
— RussianEmbassy Malta (@RusEmbMalta) November 11, 2016 
US & NATO Surveillance 
Standing NATO Maritime Group 2 (SNMG2) appears to be tasked with watching over the Russian navy in the eastern Med. Further to my initial briefing, this includes the Canadian warship- Charlottetown (now in Toulon), Danish warship – Absalon and the Spanish oiler – Cantabria (A15). All have taken turns to watch the Kuznetsov fleet deployment. 
Additionally, a USN P-8A Poseidon plane reportedly took off on the 10th Nov, from the Sigonella airbase in Sicily and monitored the activities of the Russian flotilla off Syria. This is not the first nor will it be the last either that the US Navy snoops on the Russians in the area. LINK 
Once more the German navy's warship, Braunschweig, (designated as 'UN warship” on AIS), patrolling includes taking a cursory peek at the Russian navy off Tartus. F260 is part of UNIFIL in Lebanon. Yet it is an interesting turn of events, since back in October, the Braunschweig seemed to be also keeping an eye on the Russian ship Yantar. To whose benefit was it being done? The UN's? 

Part 4 – Further afield 
Bab Al Mandeb and Yemen 
The UK has 'quietly' deployed one of its latest class of warship , HMS Daring, to keep a watch on merchant shipping off Yemen. This comes after the October missile attacks against an UAE naval ship & 3 US warships on station there. Bab Al Mandeb is known as a maritime chokepoint and is a busy commercial route. LINK 
This ties in nicely to my next topic, the Yantar, since it recently transited this area and so did the UK warship. The Yantar was last reported on AIS as 'stationary' in the middle of the Gulf, off Kharg, Iran, quite likely near to the GBICS submarine cable. As previously mentioned last week, it is probably looking for others nations' 'taps' or ASW arrays in the area. 
The Russian Pacific Fleet detachment 
A group of Pacific Fleet ships left Vladivostok for the Indian Ocean on 17 Oct, consisting of the Admiral Tributs (564 ), ASW warship, Bystriy, a destroyer, a tug 'Alatau” & oiler 'Boris Batuma”. They were in Indonesia at the beginning of November on a goodwill visit . 
It was rumoured that they would head for the Syria, but the latest unconfirmed rumour is that they are on exercise with the Chinese Navy again. 
Chinese visit by Russian Navy CINC 
Last week, the head of the Russian Navy ,Vladimir Korolyov, recently made a working visit to China. link 
This comes on the back of China's first ever invitation to the Russian Navy to participate in a 'joint-military-exercise ” in the South China Sea back in October. 
The visit by the Russian naval CINC , included China's aircraft carrier the Liaoning during a working visit to China. Russian naval CINC Vladimir Korolyov visits #China 's aircraft carrier the Liaoning during a working visit to China, Nov 5 pic.twitter.com/kbvgz6i1no 
— People's Daily,China (@PDChina) November 8, 2016 
Originally a sister ship of the Kuznetsov, the Varyag, (Riga), was never finished, & was left to Ukraine which then sold it to China. Lately, the Russian CINC met his counterpart ADM Wu Shengli. Link in Chinese 
What the Russian CINC made of the condition and life onboard compared to that of the Kuznetsov is not publicly known, although I suspect a few Russian 'matros' would be green with envy though (link to life onboard site). Are the Chinese pulling the leg of the Russians? (Look at the date of the article). Tour the Liaoning here : 
Thank you for your time, 
LeDahu The Essential Saker: from the trenches of the emerging multipolar world $27.95

ARTICLE



ARTICLE



ARTICLE

1681 Views November 15, 2016 No Comments Analyses The Saker 
By Aram Mirzaei 
Described by the Western media as a 'shadowy organization” involved in 'clandestine activity” across the Middle East, not much is truly known about the 'Islamic Revolutionary Guards Corps” (IRGC) in the West as Western governments and media outlets are having an increasingly difficult time figuring out the IRGC and the role it plays in both the domestic and foreign relations of Iran. You can't understand Iran and its politics without understanding the IRGC, why it was formed and what role it plays in Iranian politics. 
Guardians of the revolution- The Pasdaran and other armed revolutionary organizations 
Formed on May 5 1979 following the Islamic Revolution, the Sepah Pasdaran-e Enghelabe Eslami (Army of Guardians of the Islamic Revolution, in Iran more commonly referred to simply as 'Pasdaran', meaning Guardians) was created to unite the different paramilitary forces that were present in the post-revolutionary Iran, to form a single force, loyal to the revolutionary government and to function as a counter balance to the influence and power of the regular military (Artesh) which was seen as untrustworthy because of its traditional loyalty to the Shah. 
When the Pasdaran was created by decree from Ayatollah Khomeini in May 1979, its original members consisted of some 6,000 militia men who had fought the Pahlavi regime even before 1978, many of which had received guerrilla training with Palestinian and Lebanese groups, most notably the Shia Amal militia in Lebanon. 
Many of the forces that had helped topple the Shah's Pahlavi regime, like the Fedayeen-e Khalq and Mujahedin-e Khalq, had formed their own organized militias in the struggle, and many more armed groups were created more or less spontaneously during the chaos of the Revolution, as the raiding of armouries and army barracks made weapons widely available to opposition groups. The existence of many independent armed groupings certainly represented a potential threat to any one political faction trying to impose its authority over the post-revolutionary Iranian state. Although eventually growing to become the most important of the paramilitary organizations, the Pasdaran did face its fair share of competitors in enforcing revolutionary ideals. A particular challenge to the Pasdaran's authority was posed by the plethora of komitehs (committees), makeshift, freelance bands of local Islamists that took control and allocated to themselves the powers of justice and administration over assorted neighbourhoods throughout the major cities of the Islamic Republic as the Pahlavi regime's authority began to collapse. The triumph of the Pasdaran over these other organizations and centres of power was never preordained, but ultimately derived from the Pasdaran's superior effectiveness as a guard for the emerging revolutionary government of Ayatollah Khomeini. 
The Pasdaran was from its inception an ideologically driven force that recruited heavily from the faithful supporters of the revolution's spiritual leader Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini. Drawing lessons from the US and UK backed 1953 coup d'etat which saw the overthrow of the democratically elected government of Prime Minister Mohammad Mossadegh in favour of the young Shah Mohammad Reza Pahlavi, the revolution needed to rely on a force of its own rather than borrowing the previous Pahlavi regime's units. Being one of the first revolutionary institutions, the Pasdaran legitimized the revolution and gave the government an armed basis of support to defend itself. Despite this move to counter the regular army of Iran, Ayatollah Khomeini decided not to disband the army altogether since he realized the dangers of doing this, as thousands of servicemen becoming unemployed would turn into potential enemies of the revolutionary government. Rather Khomeini replaced the Army's commanders and wanted the Army and the Pasdaran to not view each other as rivals, but rather as two branches of the armed forces working towards a common goal. 
The Basij – The people's militia 
On November 25 1979, Ayatollah Khomeini called for the creation of a youth militia which according to him should be a 20-million-man strong force. Article 151 of the constitution obliges the government to 'provide a program of military training, with all requisite facilities, for all its citizens, in accordance with the Islamic criteria, in such a way that all citizens will always be able to engage in the armed defence of the Islamic Republic of Iran.” Formed through a merger of the komitehs (committees) and other various youth movements, the Sazman- Basij-e Mostazafin (The organization for mobilization of the oppressed), commonly known as simply Basij (the organized) was created in April 1980. 
The Basij was to serve as an auxiliary force engaged in activities such as internal security, law enforcement, organizing religious activities and ceremonies, and to help the revolutionary government in fighting against Baluchi, Kurdish and Turkmen separatists in the remote regions of Iran. While the Pasdaran was mainly open for men older than the age of 18, the Basij was intended to be for the youth, however people of all walks of life were eligible to join this organization. The Basij came to open local offices in almost every corner of Iranian cities, with every neighbourhood in every Iranian city having a local Basij office to both recruit people and to defend the Islamic Revolution during its first unstable years. 
In time, the Basij, along with the Pasdaran were to become an integral part of the revolutionary government's ability to resist its enemies, both internal and external ones. 
The Nojeh coup plot of 1980 
In 1980, the Basij helped to prevent a coup planned to overthrow the newly established revolutionary government when several officers and servicemen from the Iranian Army and former secret service loyal to the Shah were arrested at the Nojeh Air Base near Hamedan in western Iran. The plan was organized by Colonel Mohammad Baqer Bani Amiri, with the help of Shapour Bakhtiar, the last Prime Minister of the Pahlavi regime who provided financial support. The plan was also said to have been supported by Iran's future arch-enemy, Saddam Hussein who had developed a deep animosity towards the revolutionary government. According to then-Iranian President Abolhassan Banisadr, the government discovered eight major cells, and exposed the plotters' plan, leading to the arrests: 'their plan was to give the appearance of a coup d'etat to restore the Shah, while the real aim was to provide a pretext to cover the Iraqi invasion. According to the information we received, the conspirators had set up a military camp in [the Iraqi city of] Solimanieh and planned to ignite a Kurdish revolt and organize demonstrations throughout Iran. Their strategy was simple: internal disorders would first disperse Iranian military forces, so that on the very first day of the Iraqi attack Saddam could occupy the whole Western part of the country.” According to the Basij themselves, a Basij member was planted inside the conspirators' group and kept the revolutionary government informed of the activities of the counterrevolutionaries. This enabled them to swiftly act and prevent the coup attempt. 
The Iran-Iraq War 
As a result of the revolutionary government's attempt to neutralize the potential threat of the Army acting as a counter-revolutionary force, the Army went down from 285,000 to around 150,000 troops at the outbreak the Iran-Iraq war. Perhaps even more damaging for the Iranian Army's ability to conduct military operations was the forced removal of some 12,000 skilled and trained officers, constituting between 30 and 50 percent of the Iranian officer corps from the rank of major to colonel. Despite these difficulties on the Iranian side however, Saddam Hussein's gamble that the time was ripe to strike a blow to his neighbouring country was proven to be a major miscalculation. For the revolutionary government, the war was treated as the perfect opportunity to demonstrate the resilience and vitality of the Iranian Revolution to the world. The Iranian people quickly mobilized and rallied to the defence of their country with great patriotic zeal, the Pasdaran developed to take on the size and shape of a full-fledged conventional army to counter the Iraqi threat posed against the gains of the Islamic Revolution. 
The Pasdaran's role was largely focused on internal threats to the Islamic Republic, as opposed to the strictly external focus of the regular Army, however this was to quickly change with the Iraqi invasion as the revolutionary government advocated the rise and expansion of the Pasdaran to conduct large-scale military combat operations, unwilling to leave the fate of the Islamic Republic in the hands of the still strongly distrusted remnants of the professional and modernized Army of the Shah 
The war which came to be known in Iran as the Holy Defence thus became a defining moment for the Pasdaran, greatly expanding its responsibilities and importance within the emerging revolutionary Iranian state-structure. Relations between the Pasdaran and the regular Army throughout the war remained strained by mutual suspicions, historical grievances and resentments, political differences and uncertainty. A particularly recurring point of contention between the two organizations concerned the reliance on different military tactics,with the professional military insisting on well-planned and well-organized operations, while the ideologically driven Pasdaran argued that religious and nationalistic zeal, determination and superiority in manpower were enough. Pasdaran commander Mohsen Rezaei once asserted that: 
'Unlike the army […] the Islamic Revolution Guards Corps is in charge of safeguarding the revolution and its gains […]. we in the Revolutionary Guards give primary importance to the ideological and political dimensions more than the military ones.” 
The Pasdaran came to see itself as embodying the spirit of the Islamic Revolution, where the will and dedication of the Iranian people had won out over the professional, modernized and 'culturally contaminated” security organizations of the Shah's Pahlavi regime, and sought to wage the war against Iraq along the same lines. This in practice meant a heavy reliance on lightly armed and manpower-intensive infantry attacks, with the ultimate goal of attaining Martyrdom, while the regular Army stressed the importance of conventional tactics incorporating modern, mechanized means of warfare. This constant rivalry severely complicated the ability of the Pasdaran and the Army to perform joint combat operations, and with the Revolutionary government tightening its grip over Iranian society, the favoured Pasdaran increasingly got the last say in the planning and execution of the Iranian war effort. 
The already close relationship between the Pasdaran and the Clerical establishment (Ulema) became even more apparent during the course of the Iran-Iraq War with several members of the Ulema joining the Pasdaran on the frontlines as part of a morale boost campaign, among them a young Ayatollah Khamenei dressed in a Pasdaran uniform. 
The Pasdaran enjoyed numerous privileges over the Army during the war, including superior pay and benefits and first call upon available arms and spare parts. With the Iranian population rushing to the defence of their country, the Pasdaran, soon developed from a revolutionary militia into an organized armed force outnumbering and rivalling the structure of the regular Iranian Army by absorbing and organising the thousands of highly motivated volunteers that flocked to the warfront. The extensive numerical increase in Pasdaran forces alone testify to their rise in power and influence during the war, doubling from some 20,000 – 30,000 in 1980 to around 50,000 during the first year of warfare, this number further increasing nine-fold by 1987, with the total forces of the Pasdaran consisting of close to 450,000 men as the war entered its final year. 
The Pasdaran's manpower was mobilized through local-level branches of the Pasdaran offices that were established throughout Iran in parallel with the development of the Pasdaran's national command structure. Many of the lower-level branches grew out of the komitehs or other groups that had seized power in their respective areas in the course of the Revolution, and above the local level the Pasdaran was organized into ten administrative regions, largely corresponding to the then-Iranian provinces. On top of these were the Supreme Council of the Sepah Pasdaran and the Pasdaran Commander. 
Of the Pasdaran's original members many belonged to the Mujahedin of the Islamic Revolution (MIR), a group loyal to Ayatollah Khomeini that was established in the course of the Revolution. Many MIR-members had left the Mujahedin-e Khalq (MEK) because of the MEK's emphasis on what they perceived to be Marxist over Islamic ideology (the latter became an archenemy of the Islamic Republic in later years), the MIR strongly supported the Islamic character of the revolution. MIR members formed the leadership and the core of the Pasdaran, and this first group generally tended to be better educated and more politically sophisticated than the zealous volunteers that later flocked to the Pasdaran. 
Although relying heavily on ideologically zealous manpower in massive infantry attacks at first, the Pasdaran came to incorporate more sophisticated armed services during the course of the Iran-Iraq War. The Pasdaran soon developed its own armoured and artillery units to reduce its reliance on the regular Army within these fields, and from September 1986 the Pasdaran also started with advanced artillery training. The Pasdaran further rivalled the structure of the Army by creating its own Air Force and Naval Forces, thus expanding into many areas that had previously been the sole domain of the Iranian Army inherited from the Shah's days. The creation of the Sepah Pasdaran Air Force did however not play a significant role in the war due to the international arms embargo preventing Iran from importing new weapons or spare parts for the aircrafts left behind by the former Shah's Air Force. 
The Sepah Pasdaran Air Force (later Aerospace forces) did however develop several missile units for air defence against Iraqi aircraft, and managed to fire several surface-to-surface SCUD missiles against military and civilian installations in Iraq. Despite its moderate participation in the war effort, the establishment of the Pasdaran Air Force nevertheless served as a symbol of the Pasdaran's increased responsibilities and influence. The Sepah Pasdaran Navy however saw more direct action in the Iran-Iraq War. Unofficially in existence since 1982, it participated in the successful 1986 Faw offensive, and was formally inaugurated in 1987 to retaliate against Iraqi attacks on Iranian ships. In the last year of the war, from 1987-88, the Pasdaran Navy was given resources and publicity for its challenge to the US naval build-up in the Gulf, employing hit-and-run tactics from small naval crafts armed with RPG-7's and missile units armed with Chinese Silkworm surface-to-surface missiles to harass US ships and reflagged tankers. 
Basij during the war 
Another important component of the Pasdaran's military forces was provided by the Basij-e Mostazafan. The Basij was as previously explained a mass mobilising popular volunteer militia, created following the call from Ayatollah Khomeini to establish a '20 million-man army” to defend the Islamic Republic from both internal and external enemies following the Iraqi invasion. Although the Basij as an organization was officially separate from the Pasdaran during the war and had its own commander, in practice it has always been part of the Pasdaran. The Basij was formally placed under Pasdaran control on January 1 1981, and the Pasdaran recruited, organized, trained and commanded all Basij units during the war, although it was not until 2009 that the control structure of the Basij was officially merged with that of the Pasdaran. The Basij served as a reserve pool of manpower for the Pasdaran, and military training for basijis generally consisted of a two week instruction program in the use of grenades and automatic rifles, heavily imbued with religious and ideological indoctrination with a focus on martyrdom and the promise of heaven for those killed in the war. The Basij was originally a volunteer and not a fixed force, whose members usually served a brief three month tour before returning to their homes, jobs or studies, and seasonal fluctuations made it hard to contemplate the exact capabilities of the basijis. The Basij nevertheless played an integral part in the Iranian war effort, and although the number of readily available basijis probably seldom exceeded 100,000 at any one time, by 1987 some 3 million Iranians had received Basij training, adding substantially to the potential power of the Pasdaran in a scenario of all-out mobilization. The creation of the Basij was thus another development strongly contributing to the rise of the Pasdaran in the course of the Iran-Iraq war. 
According to an Iranian source personally close to me and speaking on the condition of anonymity, the creation of the Basij played an instrumental role in mobilizing the Iranian people to defend Iran from the Iraqi invasion. Every local Basij office was flocked with boys as young as 12 years old who wanted to join what became known as the Holy Defence in Iran. Mothers were proud of sending their sons to the front and according to the same Iranian source, young boys used to run away from home to join the Basij, often leaving behind them letters where they would apologize to their parents for running away but that they were proud to defend their homeland. These boys would often assume non-combat roles on the frontlines, such as cleaning weapons for the Pasdaran, cooking food for the soldiers at the front, helping to spread propaganda across restive regions such as Kurdistan and participating in mine-clearing operations. On some occasions however, these boys did partake in Iran's infamous human-wave attacks which resulted in devastating losses for the Iranian side. 
Sepah Pasdaran after the war – building upon a legacy 
Much like Ayatollah Khomeini, the Pasdaran opposed the ending of the conflict with Saddam Hussein, and continued to dedicate itself to the slogan of 'war until victory”, referring to the overthrow of Saddam Hussein's Baathist regime and the export of the Islamic Revolution to the Shia majority Iraq. By 1988 however, there was a broad political consensus forming in the country around the need to end the war due to Iraqi counterattacks, American assaults in the Gulf and the exhaustion caused by the so called 'war of the cities” phase of the war. Political leaders like Khamenei started to emphasise that Iran's endurance, sacrifices and national solidarity throughout the long war had proven that Iran had already fulfilled its divine mission irrespective of obtaining a final victory, thus the need for further hostilities was no longer needed. 
In their book Iran and Iraq at War by Shahram Chubin and Charles Tripp, they assess that 'If Iraq succeeds in holding out for a return to the status quo ante bellum, it will have withstood a siege from a country three times its size. Iran, by contrast, can take little glory from a peace that takes it back to the pre-war settlement.” 
This assessment fails to take into account several crucial facts. Firstly, with Iraq being the aggressor in this conflict and their return to the status quo ante bellum represented a triumph for Iran and the Sepah Pasdaran as they managed to deny Saddam Hussein his ambitions, thus costing him a lot of prestige and financial damage that the eight year long war had caused Iraq. Secondly, Iraq might have fought a country three times its size, but Iran had withstood the attack of a country that enjoyed massive superiority in terms of advanced weaponry, financial aid and international support while itself being under a heavy arms embargo. To shed some light on the 'balance” in heavy military equipment, in 1987 estimates put Iraq's capacities in battle tanks and combat aircrafts at 4,800 and 400-500 respectively, while the corresponding numbers for Iran at the time were approximated at 900-1,250 and 80-105. Against these odds, the Iranian achievement of obtaining a peace based on the pre-war settlement must be seen as a victory for Iran and the Sepah Pasdaran. Although not being able to claim a military victory from the conflict, the Pasdaran could none the less derive a huge amount of prestige from having managed to put up a formidable fight in what Pasdaran Commander Mohsen Rezaei characterized as 'the war against the whole world”. 
During the war, the Pasdaran grew to become a national actor, defending not just politically likeminded people but also the whole country against the Iraqi invaders. Iranians that were initially not positively inclined towards the Pasdaran or their ideology came to find themselves fighting for the same basic values of Iranian independence in the face of external danger and had to acknowledge the Pasdaran's crucial role in defending the Iranian nation. By the end of the war, the Pasdaran had become a symbol of national resistance and represented the Iranian people to a much larger degree than before the war, thus adding to its legitimacy as one of the Iranian state's most powerful institution. 
From its early beginnings, the Sepah Pasdaran were involved in the struggle to control the outcome of the Islamic revolution, after the war, the Pasdaran however became to wield substantial political influence on its own merits. Pasdaran minister Mohsen Rafiqdoost justified the politicization of the Pasdaran, arguing that the Pasdaran was meant to defend the revolution also from within. Unlike the Army, the Pasdaran's mission was to defend the purity of the revolution; this meant that it was not only a military task but also a political one. There has been a debate as to whether the Pasdaran should engage in politics or not, what however is clear is that their institutional strength has given them the political influence to have a say in Iran's internal affairs. 
With the huge expansion of the Pasdarans's organization in the wake of the Iran-Iraq War, the Pasdaran greatly increased its importance and power, making it able to determine and influence the appointment of officials in many other institutions, including the civilian leadership and even the regular Iranian Army. This was seen in the Pasdaran's successful pressure to reinsert and promote Ali Seyyed Shirazi as commander of the Army's ground forces in March 1981, and later the promotion of Ali Shamkhani, one of the Pasdaran's most prominent figures after Rezaei, to become commander of the Navy in October 1989. 
Many former and current Pasdaran members also rose to prominent positions within the post-revolutionary Iranian government. Early examples include Hasan Abedi-Jafari, a former member of the Pasdaran Supreme Council who served as Minister of Commerce until 1988, and Ali Mohammad Besharati, an anti-Shah guerrilla member, former director of the Pasdaran's Intelligence Unit, and former member of the Pasdaran Supreme Council, who became Deputy Foreign Minister in 1984. 
It should however be said that the Pasdaran personnel did not necessarily remain a united and coherent group when they entered into politics, as factional disputes did indeed exist within the Pasdaran itself, with some former members distancing themselves from earlier hardliner policies. One such example is the current Iranian Defence Minister Hossein Dehqan, who himself is a Pasdaran member yet part of the Reformist cabinet of President Hassan Rouhani. 
Shortly after the war, at the time of Ayatollah Khomeini's death in 1989, Pasdaran members, and associates held 5 out of 25 Cabinet positions in the Iranian government, setting a strong precursor for the Pasdaran's later substantial involvements in civilian politics, not least experienced with the former Pasdaran member Mahmoud Ahmedinejad ascending to the presidency in 2005 through the Principlist Abadgaran alliance platform, widely believed to be a political front for the Pasdaran. The Pasdaran also got involved in other civilian spheres by establishing schools, research facilities and engaging in the procurement and distribution of goods. This has turned the Pasdaran into an independent business empire in addition to its role as the principal guarantor for the Islamic Republics survival. 
Two organizations closely affiliated with the Pasdaran were the Bonyad-e Mostazafan va Janbazan, the 'Foundation of the Oppressed and Disabled”, and the Bonyad-e Shahidan, the 'Martyr's Foundation”. The Bonyad-e Mostazafan va Janbazan received the fortunes left by the former Shah's Pahlavi Foundation and other properties confiscated in the course of the Revolution, including hundreds of companies, factories, housing units, agricultural lands and substantial holdings in the West. These massive assets were then used to reward the loyal supporters of the Islamic Republic and the Pasdaran. When the Iran-Iraq war broke out, the Bonyad-e Shahidan was created and given large funds dedicated to the war effort, especially to take care of the families of martyrs and wounded personnel from the Pasdaran and the Basij. Basically it served as a guarantee for those who lost family members in the war, that their beloved one's efforts did not go in vain. The families of martyrs received a grant of 2 million rials (roughly $ 30,000 at the time), while those crippled and long-service volunteers were given priority in acquiring scarce goods, job, housing and medical care. 
The close relationship between the Pasdaran and the above mentioned foundations were cemented by the large degree to which Pasdaran members rotated in and out of or served simultaneously in these organizations, with one example being Pasdaran Minister Mohsen Rafiqdoost becoming head of the Bonyad-e Mostazafan after the war's end in 1988. 
(For more information on Iran's domestic political landscape, please read my previous article on Iranian politics) 
Qods Force – Sepah Pasdaran's foreign wing 
The Pasdaran also developed a foreign wing called the Qods Forces (Sepah-e Qods) dedicated to spreading the ideology of the revolution outside the country and to the wider Middle East region. During the Iran-Iraq war, the Sepah-e Qods provided support to the Kurds in Iraq that were fighting Saddam Hussein but it was also active in other parts of the world. Furthermore, the Sepah-e Qods also oversaw the formation and arming of the Badr Organization, the military wing of the Supreme Council for Islamic Revolution in Iraq, a Shia Iraqi political party and a staunch opponent of the Baathist regime in Iraq. The Badr Organization consisted of several thousand Iraqi exiles, refugees and defectors who fought alongside Iranian troops in the Iran-Iraq war. The Badr Organization and other Shia paramilitary organizations in Iraq are still very much aligned with the Islamic Republic and the Sepah Pasdaran whom they view as a role model for their future. 
Since 1979 the Revolutionary government had supported the Shia Hezbe Wahdat in Afghanistan against the Afghan government of Mohammad Najibullah and the Soviet forces backing his regime. The Sepah-e Qods were sent to train and arm the Hezbe Wahdat militia in an effort to counter both the Saudi backed Wahhabi Afghan militia groups and the Soviet backed government. 
Connections with foreign organizations and militias with the aim of exporting the Islamic Revolution, was to become a hallmark of the Sepah-e Qods who were also instrumental in creating the Lebanese Resistance movement Hezbollah in the midst of Lebanon's civil war. This cooperation is still ongoing and Hezbollah heavily relies on the Pasdaran for weapons and ideological influences. Heading this special unit of Pasdaran members is the famous General Qassem Soleimani. 
Sepah-e Qods in Syria 
On September 16 2012, Sepah Pasdaran commander Mohammad Ali-Aziz Jafari announced that the Sepah-e Qods were present in Syria, however he added that 'this does not mean that Iran has a military presence” and that the aid was limited. According to Iranian sources and security experts, the presence of Sepah-e Qods personnel in Syria rose to several hundred military specialists including several senior commanders with the primary task to gather intelligence and manage the logistics of battle for the Syrian Arab Army forces. Since the Russian intervention in Syria starting from September 30 2015, the presence of Sepah-e Qods personnel has also been boosted with General Qassem Soleimani having been seen on several occasions near the Aleppo frontlines, taking charge of several offensives in the area, most notably the 2015 South Aleppo offensive which saw joint Sepah-e Qods forces, Hezbollah and Iraqi paramilitaries capturing swathes of territory in the southern Aleppo countryside from the US-backed Jihadist militants of Jaysh Al-Fateh. During this time, several Sepah-e Qods commanders and officers have been martyred, most notably the famous General Hossein Hamedani who was killed on October 7 2015. 
Furthermore, it was reported on Sputnik News that in November 2015, the Sepah-e Qods conducted a successful rescue mission of the Russian pilot who was shot down by Turkey over the Latakia province. The commander of the Sepah-e Qods Major General Qassem Soleimani got reportedly in touch with his Russian counterparts and said that a special unit had been formed and was ready for the rescue operation. He also explained that the squad was made up of men from the Lebanese Hezbollah and soldiers from the Syrian Special Forces, who had undergone special training under the guidance of Iranian instructors. Apart from this fact, the Syrian soldiers were familiar with the terrain. 
General Soleimani assumed command of the ground operation and Russian aircraft had to carry out air cover and enable satellite surveillance. Once the location of the Russian pilot was determined via satellite through the built-in GPS device, it became clear that the pilot was located six kilometers behind the front line between the Syrian army forces and the opposition forces. The Special squad that entered the territory controlled by militants was not only able to save the Russian pilot, but also destroy all of the remaining terrorists there who had the most modern weapons in their possession. All of the 24 fighters not only survived, but also returned to their base without injuries. [1] 
Another important mission of the Sepah-e Qods was to establish, train and arm various militias commonly known in Iran as the 'Modafean-e Haram” (Defenders of the Holy Shrines). These groups include the Afghan dominated Liwaa Fatemiyyoun and the Pakistani dominated Liwaa Zeynabiyyon that fight alongside government troops battling the Jihadist militants. The Sepah-e Qods mainly recruit these personnel from the Shia Afghan and Pakistani populations that have vowed to defend the holy shrines of Shia Islam from attacks by the Takfiri militants of ISIL and Jabhat Al-Nusra who on several occasions have threatened to destroy these shrines. 
Born as a small militia in the midst of the revolutionary chaos of Iran in 1979, the Sepah Pasdaran has come to grow into the spine of the current political structure and a major player in the Iranian economy while achieving the status of self-sufficiency in the military field. With its rise to become a national power during the Iran-Iraq war, the Syrian war may very well prove to turn the Sepah Pasdaran into one of the most powerful regional forces to be reckoned with. The Essential Saker: from the trenches of the emerging multipolar world $27.95

ARTICLE

PokeTheTruth on November 15, 2016 · at 6:39 pm UTC 
President-elect Trump has much to learn and do but he needs the right people in his administration. The people 'in the know” are the ones that must engage with Mr. Trump now, before it's too late. 
I want to share a letter written by an anonymous American to the editors of the American Conservative website. 
Title: Isn't Anyone Going to Step Up? 
Dear American Conservative, 
I'll be brief. President-elect Trump is looking for a few good men for his cabinet and other key staffing positions. See: : https://www.greatagain.gov/serve-america.html . 
As you know, the president-elect is surrounded by militarists who wear a political cloak known as neo-conservatism, a.k.a. 'neocons”. They are standard bearers for globalism and the new world order. They use the Pentagon's Department of War as the overt mechanism to enforce their agenda of what I call the '3-B” foreign policy: Bribing other nations with financial and military aid, Bullying them with economic sanctions when those countries reject the demand of fealty and Bombing their resistance into submission. 
Bribing, Bullying and Bombing is a perversion of statesmanship and must end as America's platform for relations with other nations. 
What Mr. Trump is currently presented with are Washington beltway insiders and career bureaucratic policy makers. These are NOT the people to be part of his new administration. The brain trust he needs are people like you conservatives, who can think and reason with an intelligentsia based upon commonsense and reason founded in the core of federal republicanism. 
My own grandfather and father came to America not because of government subsidies or nationalistic fervor wrapped around a false sense of patriotism, nor for the many freedoms guaranteed in the U.S. Constitution. They came for what Lady Liberty offered with open arms; the opportunity for a better life. My father prospered by working hard, not by scheming to demand the wealth of others. 
Mr. Jon Basil Utley wrote this excellent article about John Bolton (see: http://www.theamericanconserva … ). 
I ask Mr. Utley to do more, to consider filling out an application to serve in Mr. Trump's administration. In fact, all you men should step up and submit your C.V. and get an interview. At least one of you might get face time to explain why these militarists (i.e., neocons) are the most dangerous plotters and planners of planetary chaos and must not be hired but instead purged from all forums of power that influence the federal government. 
There are many well-educated people in the field of economics, commerce, healthcare, foreign relations, etc. who have never served in a presidential administration and most likely have no interest in doing so. This is understandable. But if there ever was a time that good men such as yourselves were needed by America, it is now. Please think about it, what it would mean to the country, what it would mean to yourselves and posterity. 
In the 18th century, a group of men became known as the founding fathers of the federal republic. Those men have passed on and that is why our nation needs new visionaries to guide her back on the right path. Become more than your current station in life; the writers of prose on paper. Become the 21st century paladins to carry on the principles of equal justice under the rule of law, of civil society founded in representative democracy, of prosperity and peace, awaiting in the womb of hope to be born again.

ARTICLE



ARTICLE



ARTICLE

1010 Views November 15, 2016 16 Comments commenter-corner mod editor This comment was chosen by Mod FK from the post 'Battle for the ages: Protectionist Trumponomics vs. Neoliberalism”. The moderator feels the commenters take on moving from 'left' to right as the situation demands is very interesting and brief. As in 'brevity is the soul of…….'. Comment by Earthrise 

'There has been an awakening, have you felt it?” TFA 
I can't believe how much my worldview has shifted over the last year. Hailing from the radical Left, I have felt the pull of History in a new direction. I have become a critic of the social engineering that has been carried out since the 60's; it has gone too far. Because of this over-reach, I have had to shift to defending the foundations of our society; community and family. On the hand, I will always be proud to have stood against the Empire and the ruling class Capitalists. The Right was very happy to stay quiet while the Financial-Military Empire raped the world, and we always told you these chickens would come home to roost. But now that they have, it is time to call a truce. 
I propose that we call a halt to the Culture Wars; this is the area where the Left is winning. I think we need to pause to assess the damage of this 50-year project anyway; the baby has almost been washed out of the bath. Then the patriotic Left (the anti-imperial/capitalist faction) and the Right can join against our common enemy. The division over social issues has been exploited by our enemy to prevent us joining on the political front. This must end, time for all People to come together against the evil which rules our world. 
The momentum is with the Right, so I am coming over to join my brothers and sisters to fight our common enemy. I am worried about playing with Nationalism, it has a very bloody history, and will put a lot of pressure on our minorities. They will try and turn our nationalism outwards, towards a fake external enemy. The enemy is inside the gates. If we all stand together and maintain our focus, there is nothing they can do. 
I am going to keep asking everybody to stop falling into the Left-Right trap. The patriotic-national Left and Right need to join, and anyone pushing social change during this war needs to see they are aiding the enemy. Once we are free, we can address the remaining social issues. A truce then, and all patriots rally to the banner. The Essential Saker: from the trenches of the emerging multipolar world $27.95

ARTICLE

3709 Views November 15, 2016 25 Comments SITREPs Scott 
First, I wish to congratulate the president elect of the United States of America, Donald J. Trump. I can only imagine what this gentleman has gone through in this election cycle and this does not address the vitriol poured on his wife and children during the media attack, and that is exactly what it was and is, a concerted and ongoing news media and blog attack on Mr. Trump and his entire family. 
With Mr. Trump's stunning, in view of The Media and the current power structure in USA, victory in the election the taps were opened to maximum output and the vitriol and attacks intensified dramatically. In the words of one commenter I know, with Mr. Trump's election 'the light was suddenly turned on in a dirty kitchen and the cockroaches scattered in all directions'. In my opinion that is a pretty good analogy for the cockroaches infesting the government in USA and EU et al are screaming bloody murder and calling Mr. Trump every name in the book and whining about the end of the world as they knew it. That, my friends, is an even better analogy, 'the end of the world as they knew it'. 
I've been on this rock for a long time. I grew up and was educated in a different time that seems eons from today. I left home the moment I turned eighteen, after all I knew far more about the world and life than that foolish old man who raised me, who kept me fed well and warm in winter and who had no qualms about knocking the puppy snot out of my when I deserved it which was not infrequent. We did not lock our doors when we left home for Church, for shopping and other errands and in fact we did not have a key for the back door. No one in the eighteen years I lived in that farmhouse ever bothered anything. We left the tractors in the fields at day's end, all of us riding back to the barn on one tractor. No one bothered the machines, no one stole diesel or gas from any of them. Life in USA was different then and that life is well remembered by many Americans. 
In the ensuing time since those, in retrospect, peaceful and bucolic years things in US have changed a bit. I was gone for most of those years, returning off and on as was possible. Through the late sixties and through the seventies I was gone enough to see some slight changes whenever I returned but nothing to worry about. The turmoil in DC and the presidency seemed to have no great affect on the lives of most of the populace and the economy was humming along nicely. 
The era of the 80's ushered in the twelve years of Republican dominance in the White House. I was in the same situation, gone most of the time but back just enough to not be worried about the culture and economy of my country, USA. This changed in the nineties and as I began to spend more time 'home' I began to see worrying changes in the general populace along the east and west coasts. 
The defining occurrence of that era was the (not so) sudden collapse of the Soviet Union, this same Soviet Union that had instituted the Pax Rossiya in all of eastern Europe after the second war which was in essence simply a continuance of the first war, The War to End All Wars. This Pax Rossiya was in many instances brutal especially in the beginning, as the populaces were cleansed of their propensity of joining every foray in to Russia since Napoleon's time, in the second war sending tens of thousands of willing volunteers to fight The Godless Russians. However, the Soviet Union did give Europe the longest stretch of unbroken peace in European history, from 1945 (technically) through 1990. Yes yes, there were troubles in eastern Germany in the early '50's, Hungary in the mid '50's and Poland was from time to time a concern but in essence peace reigned regardless of the two armed forces facing each other at the borders, both armed to the teeth with the western forces strongly backed by the US Army and the eastern forces heavily backed and reinforced by the Soviet Army. 
Through all those years I believed, I believed in the truth and righteousness of what I was taught at home and school and Church, that America was the shining light, the end all and be all of peace, prosperity and democracy, that the Soviet Union and her people were a massive and deadly threat to everything we believed in and would attack us and conquer us if given half a chance. 
But a crack had appeared in that belief in the late 80's. I began to understand through interaction with these supposedly Godless Communists that some of these people were exactly like me, patriotic and believing in their cause and their country and not a one of them that I met, in peaceful actions or sometimes not so peaceful actions, ever mentioned conquering Europe or destroying America. In actual fact I found them to be as religious as I was and am, they had no ingrained hatred of USA and many of them admired America and Americans as opposed to everything I was taught about these strange people who spoke an incomprehensible language and many of whom took the trouble to learn what was to them an equally incomprehensible language, English. 
The crack widened as the wars started again in Europe after the Soviet Union ceased to exist. The breakup of Yugoslavia was the beginning of these wars and they are ongoing. When Hillary Diane Rodham assumed the de facto presidency in 1993 a new agenda was evident both in USA and American interaction with The World. 
At the same time American culture and economy, which had slowly begun to decline in the late eighties and early nineties, accelerated that decline and a new phrase, Politically Correct, began to be heard more and more often. I noticed in my increasing returns to US that the things I and my friends used to laugh and joke about were suddenly not allowed. I found that I was supposed to watch what I say and how I spoke, in essence I was supposed to be 'Politically Correct' in my speech and actions, that square was round and nothing was black and white, everything was gray. People that I had known for years, the tradesmen and skilled workers who did so well before, were now worried and watching their small businesses and trades decline at ever increasing speed. Ever increasing Government oversight and regulations began to strangle their businesses and trades, backed up with the constant threat of Government action against them if they did not do as told. Do as told? Since when is Washington my/our nanny? 
During her term as president Hillary Diane Rodham put her stamp on Department of State, that entity that to a great extent promulgated US foreign policy. She packed that bureaucracy with her minions and laid the base for power for when she was no longer president. She was appointed Secretary of State in 2009, having spent the previous eight or so years as a senator from New York and working mightily to further infest DoS with her minions. And the wars started. All along the south coast of the Mediterranean Sea starting with the deposing and murder of Qaddafi she worked her magic, attacking Libya, attempting to destroy Egypt, destroying Syria and instrumenting the ongoing mess in Ukraine. 
Ukraine. Herein is the problem concerning me and mine. The coup d'etat in Kiev in February of 2014 was planned and executed by Hillary Diane Rodham. The actual prosecution of that coup d'etat was by the sitting US ambassador to Ukraine, Geoffrey Pyatt, with a great deal of the groundwork performed by the previous ambassador, John Teft (who then was appointed ambassador to Russia where he attempted, and failed, in a plan for 'regime change' in Russia). 
Ukraine in and of itself meant and means nothing to Hillary Diane Rodham although I have no doubts she is quite happy to have taken a shot at Russia as a consequence of the coup. The prize for all the turmoil and blood in Kiev was Krimean Peninsula and the crown jewel, Sevastopol. When the citizens of The Autonomous Republic of Krimea and the Federal City of Sevastopol said 'oh hell no' to the coup installed Kiev government after some pretty serious threats from same, armed up and closed both the peninsula and City, Clinton's screams could be heard on Mars. When dual referendums were held in Krimea and Sevastopol as to the future of both entities and the vote was a unanimous decision to 'leave' Ukraine her screams were heard light years from our little galaxy. It is my understanding that she was apoplectic when both The Autonomous Republic of Krimea and the Federal City of Sevastopol asked to be and were accepted back in to Russia after the referendums, thereby negating Krushchov's illegal 'gift' of Krimea and Sevastopol to administration of the Ukraine SSR. 
Her dreams of taking Krimea and Sevastopol, if successful, would have put a massive US Navy base in Sevastopol and turned all of Krimea in to an armed camp with enough missiles to negate a significant portion of Russia's nuclear deterrent and to put a fair sized portion of Russia in point blank range of US armed forces. All of the sanctions piled on Russia since late March of 2014 are because President V V Putin of Russia, and Krimea and Sevastopol, did not do as she expected and demanded and refused to listen to her. As an aside it's not too many decades in the past when such an open attack via 'sanctions' on a country would have brought a note delivered by the Ambassador of same with a declaration of war. 
Now we are two years and nine months after the coup in Kiev. The ongoing war, read attempted regime change, in Syria is coming to a head and with Russia invited in to help the legally elected head of Syria the tide is turning to Dr. Assad's and the Syrian populace's favor. Any and all actions by the US Military and soldiers therein are illegal and constitute numerous felonies for each and every one of them, private to general, and every politician who has or had anything to do with that effort. I won't even mention Libya, Tunisia, Egypt, Ukraine, Kosovo and Bosnia and the hundreds of thousands of deaths involved. 
Mr. Trump with his election victory has inherited a seething cauldron of a mess that will make the labors of Hercules seem but a flower pot weeding task in comparison. I have no doubts that he is well aware of the mess he is stepping in to as I have no doubts he will clean at least some of this mess, hence the cockroaches running for cover. Four years will surely not be enough and possibly eight years will not suffice either, but I sincerely wish him the best in his efforts. As for EU, I used to think that Merkel, Golland, Blair et al were in total subservience to US due to secrets Langley knows of them. I no longer think that, I think that all of them were and are more than willing accomplices in the continuous efforts to undermine and destroy Russia, in essence 'once and for all'. They have failed and their careers are now over as is Hillary Diane Rodham's career. She will be relegated to the trash heap of history along with the rest of them. 
As for me, the facade collapsed long ago. I am well aware of what did happen and what is happening now. I am American and loyal to my America, the America of the times I grew up in, the time when I was proud of America. I have no doubts that with time America will return to what she was and should be and I will be proud of America again. However, I am happy where I live now. We don't lock our doors when we leave for Church or errands and such. I can and have left our car outside the walls unlocked and no one touched it. This is a Navy town and we are proud of our sailors, and the soldiers and Marines based here. They are in uniform in public always and everywhere. Do you see that in US or Europe today? And the silence here at night and dawn is deafening. That is what is known as 'peace and calm'. 
I think the defining moment of my life here, in Russia, was two years ago. I had been to US, not because I wanted to go but because I had to go to take care of some loose ends and it was during that trip that I met Saker face to face. On my return the young Starshi Lutanant in Border Control looked at my US passport and then at my brand new blue Russian Residency passport. He went through every page of the Russian passport and examined my propeeska stamp with a looking glass to make sure it was real and wet stamped. He then smiled, handed both documents back to me and said “Welcome home, (my rank). Enjoy your flight to Sevastopol.” Would that I was welcomed that same way in America when I arrived. I wasn't. 
Thank you for your time, 
Auslander 
Author Never The Last One https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00ZGCY8KK 
An Incident On Simonka https://www.amazon.com/dp/B01ERKH3IU

ARTICLE



ARTICLE

by Mohsin Siddiqui for the Oceania Saker Blog 
The US elections much like the rest of our usual daily consumption of Mass Media are more about stage managed theatre with bucket loads of Americanism, a seasoning of hyperbole and most certainly reality-free. The constant barrage of infotainment from the indispensable nation, the exceptional nation and the benign super power tells us of a distinct desire to consume information reality-free. 
This informational GMO has permeated every facet of our existence and has infected the minds of billions around the world. It can be ridiculed, seen as inferior or even unsustainable. But do understand that it is the food for the liberal soul and it is a formidable force to be reckoned with. 
Human beings drive the vast bulk of their understanding of the world through information either delivered directly via consumable media or indirectly via peer impressions, religion, anecdotes, fables and cultural norms. All of it ultimately centres on the flow of information which is a commodity that has been designed, refined, repackaged and is continually 'improved'. Most of us underestimate the true awesome power of mass media, we read the statistics, the concentration of power and observe the echo chamber yet we still need to let it all sink in to truly grasp what it means. 
Mass media is the encapsulation of the spectrum of information; From magazine to sports to history to business to politics, it is driven by a seamless thread of a philosophy guiding the ego & soul towards an atomised individualistic view of the world. It is an echo chamber that has not seen its parallel before on this planet, an organ to shape reality for the billions. A human being is a hodge-podge of history, culture, religion, philosophy, geography, epigenetics and a host of many more layers of information. Mass Media is the flute that organises this cacophony into a melody, and just like that a marionette of the modern man is born. 
Resistance to the pied piper is possible but requires one to leave that womb of comfort that the information matrix provides with its legions of followers; That feeling of belonging, of being understood, of being 'right' and of being good. The strength can only come from reality but in our upside down world many are malnourished on the diet of GM information and it is not a problem for only Americans – who are severely affected – but instead it is a global phenomenon. 
Successful entrepreneurs, businessmen, academics, financial experts, journalists, neighbours, friends, brothers, sisters and parents can all be entangled in the web of the information matrix. Many of us have been at pains to explain the conflicts in Syria, Libya, Iraq, Ukraine and Yemen to our colleagues and friends but it is as if the words fall on deaf ears. The cognitive dissonance is heavy and the Teflon like value-matrix – a product of pre-packaged popularly accepted globalised values- lets all facts, figures and evidence that we present slip off. It is about the first woman president elect and not her war crimes, it is about the opposing camp saying that a racist, misogynist bigot is worse than a psychopathic mass murderer. It is inverted reality. It is full on dystopia. 
Where do you begin to explain that elections are for the most part mere stage managed theatre? That the USA is an Empire of 1,000 military bases and not a country? That Obama the peace maker has incinerated civilians in 7 countries with impunity? That Hillary's black lives did not matter for whole black Libyan towns that were extinguished? That President Asad's Syria is LGBTQ friendly and the 'Syrian revolution” that never was is the opposite? Or that it simply is not about personality politics, gay rights and black lives but is about a class struggle? 
Moreover, how do you abstract further and talk about Imperialism with a populace that thinks that protesting with Soros funds -to the benefit of the imperial war machine- is inline with being a Communist/Marxist movement? How do you explain Imperialism when King Leopold II has his bust on display with a higher tally than that of Hitler? 
A chasm in time it is and it is widening. 
I have been speaking to friends of the past 20 years trying to give my view of what I feel is missing in the discourse; Class struggle, how mass media works, what colour revolutions are, what imperialism is and how we ought to abandon personality politics. Our biggest obstacle is personality politics, and we are seen through that lens as arrogant bastards trying to educate Ivy League graduates, hedge fund managers, educated graduates and Silicon Valley success stories. How can we, the deplorable, know anything anyway? 
After a recent exchange, a Rhodes Scholar quipped: 'To put it succinctly, you are saying Trump is good for Russia. I think we kind of get that”. I did not know what to say, the Teflon value matrix had won again. Plato's democratic man guards the citadel of his soul with vengeance. 
Another highly educated and decorated researcher at a prestigious Ivy League university said '… under Obama our economy bounced back, unemployment went down, we didn't start any major new wars” and ended his raving review by stating 'Obama did a great job.” The painful part is coming to terms with a colonized mind; These educated men and women are the crème de la crème of their imperialism ravaged countries, the ones who proverbially 'made it”. 
Their world makes sense to them, the Mass Media might have shamed itself in our eyes and the veil might have been lifted for us. But for them their convictions have only strengthened and they have been wronged by the basket of deplorables. 
Mohsin Siddiqui

ARTICLE



ARTICLE



ARTICLE



ARTICLE

2142 Views November 16, 2016 35 Comments Guest Posts The Saker 
by Iman Safi 
The major political parties of Western democracies; the Conservatives on one hand and the Liberal Progressives on the other hand, irrespective what specific names they give themselves, are by-and-large based on the 'traditional” so-called right versus left divide. 
This divide has taken many shapes and forms, and of course a huge array of names and descriptions, and this is why to pinpoint the doctrinal difference between them, it is perhaps best go back to the basic difference of conservatism versus liberalism; the desire to maintain as opposed to the desire to change. 
This is basically why political preference was grossly gravitated to by the norms of human nature. Thus, the privileged were attracted to conservatism whilst the underprivileged were lured by the need for change. 
In this rapid time of change, change at all levels, those sharp dividing lines have been merging at times and splitting at others. In their denial to this paradigm shift, the major parties in the West have lost what originally defined them; and when their constituents tell them that they do not see any difference between them any longer, instead of listening to them, they shun them and tell them that they are wrong. 
It is of little wonder therefore that new kids are coming on the block; new kids who can strike in the weakest spot of the underbelly of the major parties, and they strike when the eyes of the major parties are either closed, or at best, in denial. 
Enter the Greens. 
As both major parties move closer towards the center, or at least as they are perceived to do so, gaps are created at the extremes of the conservative-progressive divide. Even if the major parties are not indeed either moving closer or towards the center, the fact that they are perceived to do so by voters is enough reason to send votes swaying in any direction as perceived. 
The Greens were quick enough and smart enough to capitalize on one of the perceived vacuum corners and jumped into the left progressive former nook. Fairly quickly they came to embody what the traditional progressive left side of politics used to uphold and defend, and was supposed to continue to do so. Thus, in a rather short period of time, just 2-3 decades in fact, the Greens vote now accounts to nearly 10% in most Western democracies, and it is on the rise. 
On the other extreme, the protagonists of the extreme right, had to wait a bit longer for a more opportune moment. The wave of refugees and ensuing terrorism that the short-sighted politics and the wars that both major parties created gave them the golden goose they had been waiting for. 
Ironically however, in most Western nations, many major new concerns, including the concern about refugees, come from both the very privileged and the very underprivileged combined. The two diametrically-opposite socio-economic dipoles found quite a bit of common ground that united them. Thus, and perhaps for the first time in history, the desire to change did not come exclusively from the bottom. The days of the French Revolution seem to have gone. The days of hungry people taking to the streets demanding bread are long forgotten. 
This created the foundation of the Trump's 'Conservative Revolution”. Whilst this term sounds oxymoronic, it describes the status quo of the paradigm shift that major parties in all Western nations are seemingly and conveniently choosing to ignore to their own peril. The 'Conservative Revolution” is a new social phenomenon, originating from both extreme of the socio-economic divide crashing the center and the rot that traditional politics has festered around the mid-point shades of grey. 
The muddled up and muddied new scenario is something that traditional conservative and progressive parties are not used to. In their tradition of assuming that power is exclusive for either one of them for the taking, they have built a high and huge wall of arrogance that they do not seem to want to surmount. 
For some reason, they seem to believe that their self-perceived oppositeness is as real and as permanent as black and white. It is time that they realize that they are both seen as, with the risk of repetition, slightly different shades of grey and that there is a new clearer brand of black and white emerging. For some mysterious reason they believe that their presence is etched in stone that they will always be here, and that even when in opposition, it is only a question of time before they get re-elected and voted in. 
It is time that they wake up, and get a reality check. 
In Trump's 'Conservative Revolution”, not even the American Republican Party (ie the GOP) had fully endorsed him, and ultimately, for better or for worse, his win was his own; not the GOP's. Above all, Trump used primarily his own funds, and in more ways than one, he owes nothing to none, none at all but his loyal inner circle and, of course, his voters nationwide. 
So apart from Trump and his close inner circle, who are those who believe that they are the winners in the USA? Obviously and sadly, the ultra-right including the KKK and the like, and this is the main cause of fear and concern among the ranks of the truly educated liberal-minded Americans, and for good reasons. They simply do not know what to expect next. 
It is no wonder therefore that the rest of the Western World is at loss trying to deal with the Trump win tsunami. 
Right here in Australia, even the staunch ultra-right Australian former PM John Howard, a prime mover and shaker who was instrumental in pursuing Bush to invade Iraq, is at loss and in total despair facing Trump's win. Traditionally after a GOP win, this man should now be rejoicing. After all, he was the one who said eight years ago that Al-Qaeda would be happy to see Obama win. But thus far, Trump does not give the impression that he is the regular conservative warmonger that Howard likes to see in the Oval Office. Quite the contrary in fact. 
The world is changing and changing fast. The biggest paradigm shift after the end of WWII was the breakup of the USSR and the establishment of the so-called 'New World Order” in which the USA was the sole superpower. 
The 'New World Order” is coming to an end. In fact, it already did when Russia unilaterally decided to send its Sukhois to bomb ISIS in Syria. 
The economic strife that the USA is suffering from, its shrinking global influence and needless and expensive wars that it had been engaged with almost continuously since the end of WWII has reached a tipping point that President-elect Trump is savvy enough to acknowledge, and forward enough to openly and overtly decide that he wants to deal with in a fiscally-pragmatic and conciliatory manner. 
Unless Trump does an Obama and changes course soon after his inauguration, a new era in foreign American policy, an era that is primarily America-centric rather than hegemonic will set the course of global events in a new direction. 
Other nations, and specifically the two major parties of Western democracies will have very few choices. They will either have to acknowledge and accept this change, find a way in which they can redefine themselves in order to be able to find a nook for themselves within it, or simply stick to their waning guns and allow to fall to 3 rd and 4 th ranks in power and allow the Greens and new ultra-right to become the two new de-facto major parties. The ball is in their courts, but not for a long time. 
The longer they take to redefine themselves, and the longer they continue to bury their heads in the sand, the Greens will continue to chew away votes from the progressive parties and the ultra-right will do the same from the conservative parties. As a matter of fact, in this particular unprecedented situation, the major parties can lose votes in any direction, but mostly towards the one seen closer to them. 
Unless the major parties wake up, and they are the devil the West knows, the West will soon find itself under the control of either the far right or the far left; the devils that no one really knows, let alone, wants to know. 
To be explicit and specific, in Australia this will mean that unless the ruling Liberal-National Coalition on one hand and the Australian Labor Party (ALP) on the other hand reach a new bi-partisan foreign policy agreement that will endeavour to sever the unconditional and rather outdated loyalty to the America tag, a tag that the USA itself is possibly no longer interested in keeping, then in the not too distant future when Australians go to the polling booths, they will eventually have to choose between either the Greens or the infamous xenophobic Pauline Hanson One Nation Party. 
Not surprisingly, the ruling Australian conservative government is at a total loss because it is now facing the prospect of having to contend with the love-child of the 'Conservative Revolution”, an American President that they have not seen the likes of before, someone they cannot place in any position on the right to left track; definitely not in any position they are familiar with. Prime Minister Turnbull had no option but to congratulate the President-elect in a rather morbid manner that, when looked at in between the lines, one would argue that Turnbull might as well have said that Australia will accept the decision of the American people even if they vote in a moron and a thug. 
On the other hand, former opposition ALP leaders, two of whom are former Prime Ministers Paul Keating and Kevin Rudd have genuinely welcomed the change. Another former ALP leader who never reached the top job, Mark Latham, was excited to see that this change may mean that the USA will no longer be the world police. But Keating put it very strongly when he urged Australia to act like a grown-up nation and sever the unconditional loyalty to the America tag ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=share&v=paPrAG6IY_8&app=desktop ). 
I have not been scanning who has been saying what, but I would not be surprised if what Paul Keating had to say was quite unique and not matched with any post US-election statements coming from any Western leader or former leader. 
Once the fears resulting from Trump's pre-election statements about women, Hispanics, Muslims etc… are dissipated, if they get dissipated, and if he remains true to his word on international policy, Western leaders of the conservative and progressive parties that rule in alternation will have to redefine and realign themselves, otherwise they may either get squeezed into oblivion or swept away by their own home-grown 'Conservative Revolutions”. 
Will Trump keep his promises on international matters? 
Will Australia take Keating's advice and lead the West into a new era of how to deal and cooperate with the new USA if indeed a new USA is on the rise? 
Very pertinently, will Trump realize that he cannot unite people if he is going to adopt social policies based on segregation? This sounds like expecting him to keep certain election promises and denounce others; and expectation that he keeps the election promises on international affairs and revoking those on social justice issues, a big dose of wishful thinking, but will his stand on the social issues that are causing concern within and outside America take a back step? 
We can all hope, because as the world stands at the edge of the cliff of a nuclear confrontation between the superpowers, something that most Westerners seem to be totally oblivious to, a very precarious position that the Obama/Clinton legacy has put the world into, humanity needs miracles to be saved, and when we need miracles, all we have left is prayer and all the hope we can afford to have. 
As a die-hard leftie, I hope that the traditional left wakes up and takes the lead in adopting its own rebirth; a doctrinal renaissance that will see the world from a vantage point of working towards partnership and conflict resolution, because right now, the bi-partisan agreements between the two major parties of any Western Democracy, Australia included, is nothing short of being a disgraceful bi-partisanship of war. The Essential Saker: from the trenches of the emerging multipolar world $27.95

ARTICLE

Saker Message: No current Saker messages. Bashar al-Assad says if Donald Trump fights terrorism he will be a natural ally for Syria alongside Russia and Iran 

Following is the full text; 
Question 1 : Mr. President, let's start with Aleppo if you don't mind. There are still thousands of civilians trapped, trying to survive in a sort of sub-human conditions in the middle of a deluge of bombs. Why do you think that they refused to get out? 
President Assad : The part that you mention in Aleppo, what they call it the eastern part, is occupied by the terrorists for the last three years, and they have been using the civilians as human shields. From our side, from our part as government, we have two missions: the first one is to fight those terrorists to liberate that area and the civilians from those terrorists, and at the same time to try to find a solution to evacuate that area from those terrorists if they accept, let's say, what you call it reconciliation option, in which they either give up their armaments for amnesty, or they leave that area. The other thing we did as government is to open gates for the civilians to leave that area, and at the same time for the humanitarian convoys and help to go through those gates inside that part of Aleppo, but the terrorists publicly refused any solution, so they wanted to keep the situation as it is. 
Question 2 : But Mr. President, aren't you using the jihadists to discredit all the oppositions at the eyes of the national and international public opinion, and in the end to try to wipe them all out? 
President Assad: No, we cannot do that for a very simple reason: because we've been dealing with this kind of terrorism since the fifties, since the Muslim Brotherhood came to Syria at that time, and we learned that lesson very well, especially in the eighties, that terrorists cannot be used as a political card, you cannot put it in your pocket, because it's like a scorpion; it will bite you someday. So, we cannot use jihadists because it's like shooting yourself in the foot. They're going to be against you sooner or later. This is in a pragmatic way, but if you think as value, we wouldn't do it. Using terrorism or jihadists or extremists for any political agenda is immoral. 
Question 3: But Mr. President, the people, the civilians inside Aleppo, couldn't we assume that they probably don't trust the government, they don't trust the army, that they just want democracy, dignity, freedom? Can you give that to them? 
President Assad: Let's talk about this point, regarding the reality; since the beginning of the crisis, since the terrorists started to control some areas within Syria, the majority of the Syrian civilians left that areas to join the government areas, not vice versa. If the majority of the Syrians don't trust the government, they should go the other way. 
Let me tell you another example, which is a starker example. You were in Daraya, al-Muadamiya, a few days ago, when you came here, and the terrorists and militants who left that area to Idleb in the northern part of Syria to join their fellow terrorists, they left their families under the supervision of the government, and you can go and visit them now, if you want. 
Question 4: Mr. President, I've been here first four years ago, and now. Are you winning the war, this war in Syria? 
President Assad: We can say, you can win the war only when you restore stability in Syria. You cannot talk about winning the war as long as there's killing and destruction on daily basis. That doesn't mean we are losing the war; the army is making good advancement on daily basis against the terrorists. Of course, they still have the support of Turkey, Qatar, Saudi Arabia and some Western countries including the United States, but the only option that we have in that regard is to win. If you don't win and the terrorists win, Syria wouldn't exist anymore. 
Question 5: But would you have done that also without Hezbollah, Iran, and Russia? 
President Assad: They are here because they could offer very essential and important help, because the situation that we are facing now is not only about a few terrorists from within Syria; it's like international war against Syria. Those terrorists have been supported by tens of foreign countries, so Syria alone wouldn't be able to face this kind of war without the help of its friends. That's why their existence and their support was very essential. 
Question 6: Isn't Mr. Putin your most important ally? 
President Assad: Russia is very important, Iran is very important, Hezbollah is very important. All of them are important. Each one made important achievements against the terrorists in Syria, so it's difficult to say who is more important than the other. 
Journalist : But what's the role of Russia in Syria nowadays? 
President Assad : The most important part of their support is the aerial support, which is very essential, they have very strong firepower, and at the same time they are the main supply of our army for more than sixty years, so our army depends on the Russian support in different military domains. 
Question 7: But are you free to decide the future of Syria, or are you dependent on Vladimir Putin's strategies? 
President Assad: No, first of all, we are fully free, not partially, fully free, in everything related to the future of Syria. Second, which is more important or as important as the first part or the first factor, that the Russians always base their policies on values, and these values are the sovereignty of other countries, the international law, respecting other people, other cultures, so they don't interfere in whatever is related to the future of Syria or the Syrian people. 
Question 8 : But they have helped you quite a few times in the United Nations. They have vetoed a few resolutions condemning your government, and the Syrian Army. There are several reports regarding Syria for use of chemical weapons, human right abuses, war crimes. All of this in the framework of the United Nations. 
President Assad: And many ask 'what for?” I mean, what's in return, what did they ask in return, that's the question, actually, that's the content of your question, because we heard it many times, whether in the media or directly. Actually, first of all, for their values, because in these values that I'm talking about, the value of international law, and they have their interest as well. I mean, fighting the terrorists in Syria is not only in the interest of Syria or the Syrian people; in the interest of the Middle East, of Europe itself – something that many officials in the West don't see or don't realize or don't acknowledge – and in the interest of the Russian people, because they have been facing terrorists for decades now. So, the Russians are fighting for us, for the world, and for their self. 
Question 9: But when you speak about values, democracy is a value. 
President Assad: Of course. 
Journalist : Freedom is a value. 
President Assad: Of course. 
Question 10: Can you say that Syria is a democracy, like the Western standards? 
President Assad: The only one who can fight for these values like democracy and freedoms are the people of any country or any society, not the foreigners. Foreigners cannot bring freedom, cannot bring democracy, because this is related to the culture, to the different factors that affect or influence that society. You cannot bring it, you cannot import it. You cannot import anything from outside your country regarding the future of your country. 
Question 11: But would you define Syria as a democracy? 
President Assad: No, we were on the way to democracy. We didn't say that we are fully democratic, we were on the way, we were moving forward. Slowly or fast, that's subjective, cannot be objective, that's always subjective. But we're moving forward in that regard, of course. But the criteria or the paradigm for us is not the West, not the Western paradigm, because the West has its own culture, we have our own culture, they have their own reality, we have our own reality. So, our democracy should reflect our culture and our habits and our customs and our reality at the same time. 
Question 12 : I'm sure that you know that there is a new Secretary-General of the United Nations. How do you look at him, Mr. Guterres, taking into the account his well-known humanitarian approach to the situation? 
President Assad : Of course, I agree about the headline of this approach. I say 'headline” because you always – under the headline, you have many sub-headlines or different titles. When you talk about humanitarian, it doesn't only mean to offer the people the help, the food, their necessary needs for their life. The first thing, if you ask the Syrian refugees, for example, the first thing they want is to go back to their country. The first thing they want is to be able to live within Syria. That means help, humanitarian help, the way we understand it, food, medical care, any other, let's say, basics for the daily life. The second one is to have stability and to have security, which means humanitarian equals fighting terrorists. You cannot talk about humanitarian aid and supporting the terrorists at the same time. You cannot, you have to choose. And of course, I'm not talking about him; I'm talking about the countries that go to support his plan, because he needs the support of other countries, he cannot achieve that plan while many countries in the world are still supporting the terrorists in Syria. So, of course we support it, whether helping the people to live, to go back to their country, and to live in security without terrorists. 
Question 13: He said already that peace in Syria is a priority. Are you available to talk with him, to work with him, for that purpose? 
President Assad: Definitely, of course. It's his priority, and of course it's our priority, that's self-evident. It's not only our priority; it's a Middle Eastern priority, and when the Middle East is stable, the rest of the world is stable, because the Middle East is the heart of the world geographically and geopolitically, and Syria is the heart of the Middle East geographically and geopolitically. We are the fault line; if you don't deal with this fault line, you're going to have an earthquake, that's what we always said. That's why this priority is a hundred percent correct from our point of view, and we are ready to cooperate in any way to achieve stability in Syria, of course taking into consideration the interest of the country, and the will of the Syrian people. 
Question 14: You said when we spoke that the United Nations are biased. You think with Mr. Guterres that can change a little bit? 
President Assad: Everybody knows that the United Nations is not the Secretary-General; he has an important position, but the United Nations is the states within this organization, and to be frank, most of the people say only the five permanent members; this is the United Nations because they have the veto, they can do whatever they want and they can refuse whatever they want, and if there's a reform that is very much needed for this organization, they can make veto or they can move forward in that regard. But at the same time, the way he presented himself as Secretary-General is very important. If you ask me 'what do you expect from such a new official in that important position,” I would say I need two things: the first one is to be objective in every statement he could make regarding any conflict around the world, including Syria. The second one, which is related and complimentary with the first one, is not to turn his office into a part or branch of the State Department of the United States. That's what we expect now. Of course, when he's objective, he can play an important role in dealing with different officials in the United Nations in order to bring the policies of the different states – mainly Russia and the United States – toward more cooperation and more stability regarding Syria. 
Question 15: But regarding Syria, there are a lot agendas: Qatar, Turkey, Russia, United States, Iran, and Saudi Arabia. How is it possible to try to find that peace process with so many agendas? 
President Assad: Without bringing all those countries and the different factors in one direction, of course it's going to be difficult. That's why I always say the Syrian problem as isolated case, as Syrian case, is not very complicated. What makes it complicated is the interference from the outside, especially the Western interference because it's against the will of the Syrian government, while the intervention of the Russians, Iranians, and Hezbollah is because of the invitation of the Syrian government. So, his role as Secretary-General in bringing all these powers together is very essential` and we hope he can succeed, it's not easy of course. 
Question 16: Let me pick out Turkey; their army is in your country, their President said last week that their interests lies beyond the natural borders; he referred to Mosul and Aleppo. Do you accept this? 
President Assad: Of course not. You're talking about sick person; he's megalomaniac President, he is not stable. He lives during the Ottoman era, he doesn't live in the current time. He's out of touch with the reality. 
Question 17: But how you are going to do with their army inside your country? 
President Assad: It's our right to defend it; it's invasion. It's our right to defend our country against any kind of invasion. But let's be realistic, every terrorist came to Syria, he came through Turkey with the support of Erdogan. So, fighting those terrorists is like fighting the army of Erdogan, not the Turkish army, the army of Erdogan. 
Question 18 : But it's a NATO country, are you aware of that? 
President Assad: Yeah, of course. Whether it is a NATO country or not, it doesn't have the right to invade any other country according to the international law or to any other moral value. 
Question 19: Mr. President, America's new elected President, what do you expect of Donald J. Trump? 
President Assad : We don't have a lot of expectations because the American administration is not only about the President; it's about different powers within this administration, the different lobbies that they are going to influence any President. So, we have to wait and see when he embarks his new mission, let's say, or position within this administration as President in two months' time. But we always say we have wishful thinking that the Unites States would be unbiased, respect the international law, doesn't interfere in other countries around the world, and of course to stop supporting terrorists in Syria. 
Question 20: But he said in an interview that he seems to be ready to work with you in the fight against the Islamic State or ISIL, are you ready for such a move? 
President Assad: Of course, I would say this is promising, but can he deliver? Can he go in that regard? What about the countervailing forces within the administration, the mainstream media that were against him? How can he deal with it? That's why for us it's still dubious whether he can do or live up to his promises or not. That's why we are very cautious in judging him, especially as he wasn't in a political position before. So, we cannot tell anything about what he's going to do, but if, let's say if he is going to fight the terrorists, of course we are going to be ally, natural ally in that regard with the Russian, with the Iranian, with many other countries who wanted to defeat the terrorists. 
Question 21: So, you will cooperate with the Americans in the fight against terrorists? 
President Assad: Of course, definitely, if they are genuine, if they have the will, and if they have the ability, of course we are the first ones to fight the terrorists because we suffered more than any other one in this world from terrorists. 
Question 22: So, cooperate with the Americans that are now supporting the Kurds, the YPG that are trying to get into Raqqa? 
President Assad: When you talk about cooperation, it means cooperation between two legal governments, not cooperation between foreign government and any faction within Syria. Any cooperation that doesn't go through the Syrian government is not legal. If it's not legal, we cannot cooperate with, and we don't recognize and we don't accept. 
Question 23 : Anyway, the Vice President, Mr. Pence, said that he has admitted the use of military force to prevent your military force from a humanitarian crisis in Aleppo, how do you look at it? 
President Assad: This is against the international law again, and that's the problem with the American position; they think that they are the police of the world. They think they are the judge of the world; they're not. They are sovereign country, they are an independent country, but this is their limit; they don't have to interfere in any other country. Because of this interference for the last fifty years, that's why they are very good only in creating problems, not in solving problems. That's the problem with the American role. That's why I said we don't pin a lot of hopes of changing administrations because that context has been going on for more than fifty years now, and that's expected. If they want to continue in the same position of the United States creating problems around the world, that's what they have to do: only interfering in the matters of other nations. 
Question 24: But returning to what the President, the newly elected American President said about cooperating with your government in the fight against Islamic State, do you expect a change also within European countries? 
President Assad: Regarding fighting terrorism, we are ready to cooperate with anyone in this world with no conditions. That's crux of our policy, not today, not yesterday; for years, even before the war on Syria, we always said that. In the eighties, we asked for international coalition against terrorism after the Muslim Brotherhood crisis in Syria when they started killing, of course they were defeated at that time. We asked for the same thing. So, this is a long-term policy that we base our policy on for years now. 
Question 25: One last question. Mr. President, I need really to ask you this, because after all these years, do you still reject any responsibility for what happened in your country? 
President Assad: No, I never rejected any responsibility, but that depends on the decision. When you talk about responsibility, you ask yourself what are the decisions that you take in order to deal with the crisis. Did the President order anyone to kill civilians, did he order the destruction, did he order supporting terrorism in his country? Of course not. My decision was, and the decision of the different institutions, and the decision of the different officials in Syria – I'm on top of them – was to have dialogue, to fight terrorists, and to reform as a response at the very beginning, response to the allegations, let's say, at that time, that they needed reform in Syria, we responded. So, that's the decision that I took. Would you say, or would anyone say that fighting terrorism is wrong? Making dialogue is wrong? Making reform is wrong? Protecting the civilians and liberating areas from terrorists is wrong? Of course not. So, there's a difference between responsibility of the policy and responsibility of the practice. In any practice, you have malpractice, that's another issue. When you talk about state and President, you always talk about the decisions and the policy. 
Journalist: Thank you for being with RTP Mr. President. 
President Assad : Thanks for you. 
 

ARTICLE

424 Views November 17, 2016 No Comments Guest Posts The Saker 
by Oleg Maslov 
It's official, Russia has decided to grab the bull by the horns. Just one week after the shocking vote in the US presidential election resulted in a Trump victory, Russia has decided to pull all the stops and take care of some long lingering business while Obama's administration is working overtime to manage a transition that no one expected would happen and Obama himself is out of the office, making what might be his very last visit to Europe, calming the closest of American allies in a time of serious questions about the future of the American relationship with NATO. 
Obama has just two months before Trump will be sworn in and much of the time and energy of his staff will be consumed by briefing Trump and his cabinet, which is not yet fully formed, on their duties and on the situation in the world in general. Perhaps Obama's own transition team will try to convince the Teflon Don and his staff to pursue a similar policy on many issues, not the least of which include Obamacare and the Paris agreement on climate change. Trump himself has already received a call from Putin shortly after the election, one of Trump's most publicized calls with world leaders after news of his victory broke, putting even more pressure on Obama's transition team to get their points across quickly. 
In the meantime, Obama is making his last expected tour of Europe before Trump's inauguration. It is not certain exactly why Obama chose to visit Greece first, but it is certainly significant that he was greeted with tens of thousands of protesters, in the least because it shows the current zeitgeist. Obama has to perform his duties of Salesman in Chief as he goes around to NATO allies and reassures them of budget commitments to American forces stationed abroad. I can only imagine the brain-tingling questions that Obama will have to field from the German and French defense ministers. 
The main source of all the sweating European bureaucrats is Trump's apparent friendliness with Russia and criticism of NATO, which could mean that Brussels will have to have some existential discussions on many long standing policies, including the sanctions against Russia. In fact, if Trump were to recognize Crimea as a legal part of Russia, as he has suggested that he is willing to do, Europe may either have to follow suit and bring down the house of cards commonly referred to as the Ukrainian Crisis or declare an open break with Washington's foreign policy, a veritable checkmate. 
If the current batch of Eurocrats were to keep their jobs (which is looking questionable), they would most probably try to avoid an open break with Washington or, ironically, risk losing their jobs. An open break with Washington would set the European Union into open waters of foreign policy sovereignty, a move that would meet with great resistance from many sources. Either way, an incredible shake-up is coming to Ukraine soon as they are about to have much less friends in the 'international community'. 
However, all of these major theatrical dramas and loud, painful snowflake whines are actually working wonderfully to divert attention from the real news. This last Monday night, Russia did several noteworthy things on a globally relevant geopolitical level that will surely resonate with the global movers and shakers. Russia launched an all-out air assault onto 'Syrian rebels' operating in the Homs, Idlib, and Latakia provinces of Syria. Monday night's military campaign coincided with the biggest corruption bust in the history of modern Russia – the Russian Economy Minister Ulyukaev was taken into custody by the FSB after being caught demanding and accepting a $2 million bribe. Lastly, and perhaps less significantly but just as suddenly and symbolically, Russia has announced that it will no longer participate in the International Criminal Court. 
However, in the humble opinion of this author, the most important fact to note connecting these three events is that they represent huge milestones in the modern history of Russia. One event is on the domestic political and economic level, connecting staff thought to be within the inner circle of the Kremlin specifically with financial corruption. The second is purely military in nature and works to show off the power projection capabilities of the modern Russian military. Thirdly, Russia's decision to leave the ICC is a huge signal to Russia's positions in the context of international bodies, up to and including the UN. 
I would like to highlight this point just one more time to make sure that the meaning doesn't slide by anyone. The government of Russia has just performed the biggest government shake up since the fall of the Soviet Union, with the FSB arresting the 'untouchable' Economy Minister from his post and placing him on a very public trial for extorting a very large bribe. Russia have also launched the biggest attack on an enemy military at least since the Second Chechen conflict, which was the major event of the first few years of Putin's presidency over 17 years ago, and, at most, since Soviet forces left Afghanistan in 1989, 27 years ago. And lastly, Russia has made a very major and unexpected decision to abandon the jurisdictions of the ICC, long known for its adherence to justice and fair verdicts (sarcasm). AT NEARLY EXACTLY THE SAME TIME! 
Is it just me, or does it seem like the planets are aligning here? 
Let's analyze the first event. Alexei Ulyukaev was accused of extorting a bribe from state-owned oil company Rosneft to tune of $2 million, cold hard cash, and was arrested by investigators (mostly three letter agencies) at night. To top it all off, one official said under condition of anonymity that Ulyukaev's arrest was the final act in a yearlong investigation by the FSB. Ulyukaev, a member of the Russian government since the break-up of the Soviet Union, has been considered as member of Russia's liberal, Western-leaning politicians. Of particular interest is Ulyukaev's CV. 
Ulyukaev has held some critical positions in the modern Russian government, including serving under Gaidar and managing the shock privatizations of Soviet assets (as well as the shock hyperinflation) from 1991-1994. He was a deputy to Finance Minister Alexei Kudrin from 2000-2004 before taking a job as the first vice-chairman of the Russian Central Bank, a position that he held from April 2004 to June 2013. When he was arrested, again, in the middle of the night, he was the acting Economy Minister. 
Ulyukaev was certainly high on the list of those considered to be untouchable. 
Along with Ulyukaev, the vice-governor of Saint Petersburg and some high-ranking officials in the regional government of the Kemerovo region have also been arrested for corruption after investigations by the FSB. 
Various commentary has already surfaced claiming that Putin has turned to the age old Russian tradition of the Purge. Opinion leaders in the community are writing that no 'chinovnik' or oligarch could feel that 'untouchable' anymore after Ulyukaev's arrest and that corrupt officials better behave or face the ax. Still others are claiming that Putin is consolidating his power and is preparing to become a dictator in the classic sense. No matter which explanation you prefer, the fact remains that the Russian government is powerfully expressing its political and economic sovereignty and is publicly making a loud statement against corruption. 
The second incident was a comprehensive and simultaneous assault on rebel targets all over Syria in a very short time frame. Targets were struck with a bevy of missiles launched both from sea and by land. One of the most surprising features of this massive campaign is the sheer size and diversity of it. The Bastion system, highlighted as a defensive surface-to-surface missile system, showed off its potent attack power, engaging targets up to 300 miles away. 
IHS Janes reports on the news that Russia is 'not known to have previously claimed” that the Bastion, which is originally an anti-ship missile, 'has a land attack capability”. It turns out that missile 'defense' systems designed to engage land targets, such as the United States Missile Defense systems in Poland and Romania, can easily be used to engage in attacks on land targets. Surprise, surprise. 
However, the brunt of the missile strikes done by Kalibr missiles launched from the Mediterranean Sea, most notably from Russia's new and improved frigate, the Admiral Grigorovich. In fact, the Russian naval group, led by the aircraft carrier Admiral Kuznetsov, made 'waves' in Europe as the group was headed to their final destination, the Syrian coast, from which they launched volley after volley of high precision cruise missiles at targets from what is most likely a confusing medley of rebel groups. It is highly likely that, among the rebel groups which met the explosive end of a Russian cruise missile, some were directly funded by American allies, and less likely that the Russians even targeted groups directly trained or supplied by the CIA. 
This major military move actually kills two birds with one stone. First, it provides Russia's allies and 'partners' in the area with a bit of information about how far and in what quantity the Russian military can project its power. Further, it reveals that the Russians are most likely purposefully understating the power and capabilities of many of their newest technologies (although this should come as a surprise to no one). Also to this point, the Russian government did not ask permission of any international body when it passed through international waters and made its way to Syria, despite the 'uncomfort' felt in London. The second stone is that Russia has engaged in one of the most effective and convincing advertising campaigns for their newest export model military products. With loud fanfare, the Russians showed the world that Russian arms still give great bang for the buck. 
The last major move, but, in the view of this author, not nearly as significant as the other two, is Russia's decision to withdraw its signature from the Rome Statute, which established the International Criminal Court. This move was sudden and symbolic, coming after the ICC ruled Russia's 'annexation' Crimea illegal and called the current situation an 'occupation', but will lead to no noticeable change in real terms, since Russia never actually ratified the Rome Statute, meaning that it never submitted itself to the jurisdiction of the ICC to begin with. 
One can write more on the nature and meaning of the withdrawal of Russia from the ICC, but the readers are welcome to find their own facts and form their own opinions. I will also stop short of giving my opinion on this strange set of geopolitical 'coincidences', and finish only with a invitation for speculation on what these facts could mean for the future of Russia, Russia's relationship with Europe and the world, and the global security structure as a whole. The Essential Saker: from the trenches of the emerging multipolar world $27.95 

ARTICLE

by Pepe Escobar for RT 
In yet one more spectacular chapter of his running Marco Polo in reverse saga, Chinese President Xi Jinping made a strategic stop in Sardinia, Italy, on his way to the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) summit in Lima, Peru. 
Why beautiful Sardinia? Certainly not for a yacht cruise in the Costa Esmeralda. This is all about, once again, the Chinese-driven New Silk Roads. 
Huawei is building its largest European HQ in Sardinia. The Chinese want to buy the port of Cagliari. And fabulous pecorino sardo – serious contender for best sheep cheese on the planet – in powdered form, is already feeding millions of Chinese babies. 
As a casual extra bonus 'Marco Polo” Xi, on Chinese national TV, exhorted his compatriots to invest in a massive tourist invasion of Sardinia. Now this is what a stimulus package in Europe is all about. 
Meanwhile, lame duck President Obama, also on his way to APEC, is in Germany passing the caretaker 'leader of the free world” baton to a dear-caught-in-the-headlights Angela Merkel. The headlights go by the name Donald Trump. 
TPP six feet under 
The sight of an ebullient Xi side by side with a dejected Obama against the background of South America's Pacific coast will be priceless. Those were the days, in the go-go 1990s, when Bill Clinton ruled APEC, imprinting the American agenda. Now Asia-Pacific has to come to grips not only with protectionist Trumponomics, but also the fact that Obama's cherished TPP – the mercantile arm of the 'pivot to Asia” – is, for all practical purposes, dead. 
Trump's transition team, led by Mike Pence, has advised him to bury TPP (grouping the US plus 11 Pacific Rim nations) for good within his first 100 days in office. And the road map goes still further, advising him to drop out of NAFTA as well if a long list of 'concessions” is not met. 
Dejected US allies – mostly Japan, Singapore, Australia and New Zealand – who had all been counting on the ascension of Hillary and the enthronization of TPP, are bound to conduct 'secret” meetings in Peru aiming at a revised deal. That would have to assume that Republicans in Capitol Hill might agree with Trump having a go at some sort of renegotiation. 
Then there's the – far-flung – possibility of a cut rate TPP excluding the US. The US and Japan account for roughly 60% of the combined TPP group's GDP. A TPP without the US is another beast entirely. 
And that leads us to Beijing's subtle counter-offensive; promoting the anti-TPP along the lines of the still-under-discussion Regional Comprehensive Economic Partnership (RCEP), which groups East Asia. Japan and Malaysia, as well as non-Asian Australia – three key players – all support RCEP. 
As much as the Trump-China relationship may eventually land on the proverbial stormy seas, Beijing can now be confident that the China-excluding trade arm of the pivot to Asia is history. 
Here's the official spin, via Chinese Vice-Foreign Minister Li Baodong; 'China believes we should set a new and very practical working plan, to positively respond to the expectations of industry and sustain momentum and establish a free-trade area in Asia-Pacific at an early date.” No TPP; more like RCEP. 
All those resets 
A new Asia-Pacific trade deal will definitely represent a reset in US-China relations. 
Then there's that other crucial reset; with Russia. 
Lame duck Pentagon head Ashton 'Empire of Whining” Carter 'advised” Trump and his team not to cooperate with Russia over Syria. 
He was solemnly ignored. 
Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Sergey Ryabkov said Moscow does want cooperation. But he also said Moscow does not intend to 'persuade the Pentagon leadership to change something in this regard.” 
Diplomatic translation: You – the Obama administration – as far as we're concerned, are dead. 
So there will be a reset. It will be extremely complicated, and on a Trumpian deal-to-deal basis: NATO expansion to Russia's borders; Crimea; US missile defense; color revolution attempts. It will concern all of Eurasia. And it will start with cooperation in Syria. 
Beijing and Moscow have concluded that Trump is not an ideologue (in the neocon mould); he's a pragmatist. Resets are inevitable. Even surprises. 
Trump may be inclined for the US to join the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank (AIIB), heavily demonized by the moribund Obama administration. His $1 trillion infrastructure plan is something that China has already pulled off – starting already in the late 1990s. Ellen Brown has a top suggestion; print money, and build all the infrastructure you need. 
An eventual US-Russia deal in Syria would ultimately benefit – who else – China. Mirroring the original Silk Road, China sees Syria as a crucial node of the New Silk Roads, currently cut off. Picture the day in a not too distant future when Xi will be stopping in Damascus to do trade deals. And to call for a stimulus package of Chinese tourists to visit a restored Palmyra. The Essential Saker: from the trenches of the emerging multipolar world $27.95

ARTICLE



ARTICLE



ARTICLE



ARTICLE

259 Views November 17, 2016 1 Comment Analyses The Saker 
This article was written for the Unz Review: http://www.unz.com/tsaker/putin-is-finally-purging-the-medvedev-government/ 
While the word was focused in rapt attention on the outcome of the US Presidential election, Vladimir Putin did something quite amazing – he arrested Alexei Uliukaev , Minister of the Economy of the Medvedev government, on charges of extortion and corruption. Uliukaev, whose telephone had been tapped by the Russian Security Services since this summer, was arrested in the middle of the night in possession of 2 million US dollars. Putin officially fired him the next morning. 
Russian official sources say that Uliukaev extorted a $2 million bribe for an assessment that led to the acquisition by Rosneft (a state run Russian oil giant) of a 50% stake in Bashneft (another oil giant). Apparently, Uliukaev tried to threaten Igor Sechin , the President of Rosneft and a person considered close to Vladimir Putin and the Russian security and intelligence services. 
Yes, you read that right: according to the official version, a state-owned company gave a bribe to a member of the government. Does that make sense to you? How about a senior member of the government who had his telephone tapped and who has been under close surveillance by the Federal Security Service for over a year – does that make sense to you? 
This makes no sense at all and the Russian authorities fully realize that. But that is the official version. So what is going on here? Do you think that there is a message from Putin here? 
Of course there is! 
Remember the corrupt Minister of Defense Anatolii Serdiukov ? He was first fired from his position and only then arrested. But this time around, it is a member of the government which is arrested in the middle of the night. For a few hours, his subordinates could not even reach him – they had no idea what had happened to him. Was that a mistake? Hardly. 
The way Uliukaev was detained was carefully choreographed to instill the strongest sense of fear possible in all the other 5 th columnists still in power because in so many ways Uliukaev was a symbol for all the the 'Atlantic Integrationists” (those in the Kremlin who want to integrate Russia into the US controlled international security system): Uliukaev was a known liberal, just like Nikita Belykh , governor of Kirov Region, who was detained in a high-publicity arrest in June for taking a 400'000 Euros bribe. I would even say that Uliukaev could be considered the ultimate symbol of the Atlantic Integrationists and a faithful member of the Russian 'liberal” (meaning the 'Washington consensus” type) sect who, in the past had worked with Egor Gaidar and Alexei Kudrin and who now has been brought down by the Russian ' siloviki ”, the top officials of the so-called 'power ministries” (defense, state security, intelligence). Sergei Korolev, the Head of the Economic Security service of the FSB 
This was immediately recognized by everybody and the main headline of the popular website Gazeta.ru could not be clearer, it read: ' The Siloviki brought down Uliukaev ” and featured a photo of the key actors of this drama, including the tough-looking man thought to have brought Uliukaev down, Sergei Korolev, the Head of the Economic Security service of the FSB (shown on photo here). 
In April, I predicted that a government purge was in the making . I have to admit that I thought that this would have happened earlier. Apparently Putin decided to take action while Uncle Sam was busy with his own, internal, problems. If that is indeed the reason for the late timing, that says a lot about the power of the USA still wields in Russia. Some observers noticed that the arrest of Uliukaev took place after the telephone conversation between Trump and Putin, hinting that Trump might have given Putin the go ahead for the arrest. That is, of course, utter nonsense, but if that can make Putin look bad – it's good enough for the 5 th columnists. 
The list of potential 'candidates' to be purged next is still long and includes names like the Deputy Prime Minister Arkadii Dvorkovich , the First Deputy Prime Minister Igor Shuvalov , the Governor of the Russian Central Bank Elvira Nabiullina , the Minister of Finance Anton Siluanov and, of course, Prime Minister Dmitri Medvedev. Uliukaev was only one amongst many more. Still, he was definitely a top-level target and the manner in which he was arrested must have sent a chill down the spine of all the other 5 th columnists in the Kremlin. Just the fact that his phone was tapped for so long is quite unthinkable and clearly points to the fact that nobody is safe from Putin's purges. And that, by itself, is truly a most welcome change: every member of the Medvedev government now has been put on notice that his/her life is now spent under the close scrutiny of the FSB. 
It really matters little what will happen to Uliukaev next. He has be formally arraigned, now his case will be further investigated and then Uliukaev will have his day in court (right now he has only be detained and he will be kept under house arrest for the next two months). Potentially, he faces 15 years in jail and a fine equivalent to 70 times the amount of the bribe he took. Judging by the case of Serdyukov, who is managed to escape any prison time thanks to a Presidential Amnesty for the 20 years of the Russian Constitution, Putin seem to be reluctant to inflict any form of retribution upon his enemies. But even if Uliukaev does not get to enjoy the fresh air of the Siberian taiga, he is already finished as a power broker, and that is all that really matters to Putin. 
What matters here is that in the course of one night, a top level Russian Minister went from his Ministerial Offices to a holding cell and that absolutely nobody saw it coming or could prevent this. Yet again we have a case of 100% Putin style: no warnings of any kind, no hints even, just sudden dramatic action with an immediate result. His 'handwriting” is clearly all over the case. Uliukaev ain't laughing no more… 
The reaction to this arrest in Russia was predictable, especially after sources in the security services told the Russian media that Arkadii Dvorkovich and Andrei Belousov were also under investigation. Anatolii Chubais, for example, declared that he was in 'total shock”. Even better was the reaction of Prime Minister Medvedev who said that this development was at the 'edge of his understanding”. 
It will be interesting to observe the inevitable reaction from the Atlantic Integrationists: if they really feel defeated, they will pay lip-service to the need to 'fight corruption on all levels” and generally keep a low profile. If they still have some fight in them, they will denounce a 'Stalinist” crackdown, the return to '1930's -like purges” and a 'new campaign of terror” against democracy. The western corporate media, whose only 'value” is money, will write about how the Russian 'secret police” is cracking down on 'business entrepreneurs” and how that will end up damaging the Russian economy. Basically, a repeat of the whining which we all heard when Putin dismantled the infamous semibankirshchina . As Elton John would say, we 'have seen that movie too…” 
As for the rabid Putin-hating nationalists, they will say that this is too little too late. For years they have been complaining about corruption and how top level officials were never investigated, and now that they seem to have gotten their wish, it's 'too little, too late”. But that doesn't really matter, since they have almost as little credibility with the Russian general public as the pro-western parties like Iabloko or Parnass. 
The main media outlets and political commentators are all giving Putin a standing ovation right now. That is hardly surprising since they are the ones who for many months now have been loudly and constantly complaining about the 'economic bloc of the government”, meaning the pro-US 5 th columnists inside the Medvedev government. Quite literally all the main political commentators have been begging and demanding a purge of this 'economic bloc” and a radical change in the economic policies of Russia. Well, they got one villain purged, which is a good start, but there are no signs that more heads will roll or that the economic course of Russia will finally break from the Washington consensus kind of policies and be replaced it with much needed policy of internal growth. But then, knowing Putin, we should not expect any signs – only action. 
In Russia, just as in the USA, changing the people is far easier than changing the system while the only way to achieve real change is, precisely, to change the system, not the people. So far, Putin has only succeeded in kicking some of the worst people out and, to his credit, getting some very good people in. Now that a threat of war with the USA is very substantially reduced and that Uncle Sam will be busy with his own, internal, struggles, I hope that Putin will finally take some very strong action to liberate Russia from the Washington consensus types and replace them with real patriots who will finally make it possible for Russia to become a truly sovereign country, even in the economic sense. 
The Saker The Essential Saker: from the trenches of the emerging multipolar world $27.95

ARTICLE

2375 Views November 18, 2016 8 Comments Guest Posts The Saker 
by Larchmonter445 
Everyone in the Deep State is threatened by the Trump Presidency. The Deep State understands that power, funding, ideological stratagems and domination of government, media, academia, think tanks and NGOs are in the 'field of fight', to use the book title by a prime target the Deep State intends to destroy in order to save itself from Trump. Lt. General (ret.) Michael T. Flynn 
Lt. General (ret.) Michael T. Flynn, three-star expert in Military Intelligence, former director of the Defense Intelligence Agency (DIA), counselor to Trump for the last fifteen months, is a vital Trump ally the Deep State is attempting to discredit. 
We have seen the one-week ferocious political and media attack on Stephen Bannon, begun the instant that Bannon was named Trump's number one strategist-advisor. Bannon is the theologian of Drain the Swamp, the Trump policy to rid the system of corruption and catastrophically disastrous policies and bureaucrat enablers. 
To understand Steve Bannon, take the time to read this transcription or listen to the audio Q&A from a 2014 event in the Vatican. He lays out his philosophical agenda, and used the 2016 campaign to advance his war on the Elites. 
Drain the Swamp pertains to more than getting the corruption out of the system. Steve Bannon 
Bannon now has Trump's full backing to destroy the UniParty, defeat the Globalists, banish the warmongers of the MIC and help the legal prosecution of the corrupt. This is the Revolution to end the domestic Tyranny and the global Hegemon. 
The usual weapons of personal destruction have been launched at Bannon to destroy him and to deprive Trump of his most effective counselor and field marshall. Bannon has been branded a racist, an anti-semite, a white supremacist, an Islamophobe and a misogynist. In every forum and media outlet, the meme of Bannon being the worst human on the planet played as intensively as how the Dems attacked Trump during the campaign. 
Relentless lies, chorused by every host, talking head, and hater of every value Trump and Bannon had campaigned for were spewed on Bannon's name. All fabricated, most based on a few headlines written by Milo Yiannopoulos in Breitbart.com, alt right agitprop pieces constructed to collect reader clicks, revenues for Breitbart and fame for Milo. Bannon as chief of Breitbart was then scourged for those headlines. Mockery by Milo used against Steve Bannon. 
It was all the Media needed. But the Deep State directed it for good reason. Bannon is the Pale Rider coming to destroy them. 
Steve Bannon is dedicated to cleansing government and the financial system controlled by all those who have reigned over the foreign regime changes, the transfer of middle class wealth and income to Wall Street, paper wealth from derivatives to hedge fund and corporate global leaders, trillions to the 0.01% elites, all of whom populate the Ultra Wealthy Class, a new feudalism of billionaires and millionaires. 
Bannon's life long credentials and work with Jews, Blacks, females and Muslims eventually helped stifle the Media excesses. But the vicious branding may stick long after the inauguration. 
The fear and loathing of the Deep State is focused on another nemesis and threat in the person of General Flynn. Flynn challenges the Deep State's incompetence, particularly its lack of results in the fight against terrorism. Flynn dealt with this in the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan. He wrote a white paper on the state of US military Intelligence and the need to fix it. 
Flynn also is sickened with the 2012 Benghazi event and coverup, the lies of Clinton and the abandonment by the command structure of CIA, Pentagon, State and NSC. The Syrian war, the attempted coup of Erdogan, and the carnage wrought by bad policies, sheepish leadership and less-than-best methods of Intelligence gathering and usage motivated the General to join Trump. 
Flynn is now Trump's guide into the Presidential raw data Intel reports and briefings. General Flynn is Trump's personal analyst for interpretation of the data. Flynn has attended every briefing Trump has received. He is in place and the Deep State is out. So, they have mounted their counter-attack as soon as it was clear he would head the reform of the Intelligence community, and serve the newly elected President. 
Flynn has recruited over two hundred generals and admirals and twenty-two Medal of Honor recipients to the successful Trump campaign. Now some of the generals are possible cabinet or undersecretary department nominees or agency appointees. 
The Deep State is in deep trouble. General Flynn will probably be NSC head and I think he will have real power over fifteen other Intelligence agencies. Flynn may have great power over huge swaths of the MIC. He certainly will assist in the cleaning out of neocons and feckless employees, managers, supervisors and directors. 
Against Flynn, the Deep State is using a more traditional model of career attack and personal destruction than it did with Bannon. Multiple articles written to show that Flynn and Putin , Flynn and Russia, Flynn and RT media are part of the Trump gang of pro-Russian contacts connected to the Kremlin . 
Below is General Flynn at dinner with President Putin in Moscow. He explains in an interview . 
Other Trump-Putin supposed contacts are Carter Page and Paul Manafort, both of whom were attacked by the Media for the Deep State months ago. They resigned under political pressure applied through the media. 
In a payback, the Deep State lost some of their own sent to the Trump campaign who were unable to survive first inspection. They were dropped from the Trump campaign transition team. 
But, once Trump is sworn in, Carter Page will be back, most likely. He has connections to Gazprom, is well-liked in Moscow, and will be a link for American energy companies and perhaps some joint ventures in the gas field development and pipeline industry. Several friends of Trump are from the gas and oil industry, and the world is a small world when energy is the issue. The Arctic, the eastern Mediterranean, the South China Sea and other large development zones have enormous new fields to be tapped and exploited. Even the Black Sea zone around Crimea has yet-to-be-tapped energy stores. 
The primary interest of the Trump foreign policy will be to make America wealthy again. The Eurasian development has already attracted Trump to the OBOR of China and the AIIB infrastructure bank. Probably the entire New Silk Road of China and EAEU of Russia is not going to be without major US participation. The difference now is facilitation, participation, investment and benefits instead of obstruction, destabilization and terrorism used to thwart it all. 
To destroy Flynn and weaken Trump with the Intelligence and Military communities, the classic Washington technique of long articles with many negative anonymous sourced comments was used, carefully crafted headlines and paragraph headers, all designed for very negative Google Search feeds. 
The latest is about Flynn and Turkish 'operatives” . Sounds like they met in dark alleys or underground passageways. Maybe in some Ankara safehouse, eh? 
It turns out quite differently. Hilal Mutlu (left) and Ibrahim Kurtulus (center) with Retired Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn at Oct. 10, 2016 event. (Youtube screen grab) 
But Flynn is obviously being watched closely by CIA/State Dept. They know he is doing the bidding of Trump. And for good reason, Trump needs to know which way Turkey is leaning post-coup? And how sensitive is the Kurd issue in Syria? What are the ramifications of the US and Russia working in tandem against ISIS in Syria? Will Turkey help with safe zones for refugees? Will Turkey leave Syria after the war or does it plan to resist Russia and Assad? What about NATO? What about the Uyghurs Turkey protects, and is China being forced to come with military to put down the Uyghurs inside ISIS? Will the issue of demanding Fethullah Gulen's extradition continue? Will there be mass death penalties for the imprisoned coup participants and Gulen's followers? 
Flynn had a panoply of possible questions to be answered by the operatives from Erdogan. And the Turks would have questions they wanted answered with some hint of Trump's positions. 
The Deep State are tracking Flynn and the Turks and are now exposing his links as a professional consultant. Nothing illegal. Nothing suspicious. Nothing out of the ordinary. But it was General Flynn, Trump's guy. Smear him. 
How else would this information surface in the Washington Post except from the Deep State? And if you know the history of the Deep State, the WaPo is their first choice for all leaks, briefings in depth, exposes used to undermine officials who cross them or who point to the Deep States' misdeeds or failures. You won't find Sy Hersh's articles in WaPo. 
The point of the articles about General Flynn was to shame him, to put down his personality, his lack of obedience to the Obama regime. He was investigated for giving Intel to foreign nations, we are told. He shared Intelligence with the Pakistanis, we are told. Read how his fellow generals talk about him . 
Imagine if the Deep State decided that Intelligence should never be shared. Well, the U.S. would have no allies. No nation joins a war effort without Intelligence for their military. Flynn, whose entire thirty-plus year career has been in Intelligence understands that. And he did it. Proudly, he related to the investigators, and it all was dropped except the record and the reporting of it now. 
The investigation was actually to cast a black mark on Flynn to be found later, by the uninformed, at the most sensitive of times. In this case, it is to weaken Flynn, to weaken Trump. 
'Mike Flynn shares Intel. Mike Flynn acts without checking with what the Deep State wants.” It turns out that Flynn did get approval for all he did. But he simply did the professional thing. He acted in behalf of his specialty, his profession, his oath of duty and the American people who paid him to protect America. 
There is something to be gained by studying this meeting with Turkey's operatives. Flynn's meeting signals that Trump will not likely arm the Kurds with heavy weapons. That would drive Turkey into the Russian-Iranian embrace fully. A practical solution to defeating ISIS and AQ and ending the Syrian war has to avoid losing Turkey. Trump is not going to be trying to coup anyone. His policy is no regime changes. He also does not like these secret wars of the CIA. If there is to be war, he wants it fought by the military, with a plan for victory. Principally, Trump's wars will be like President Eisenhower's. There were none for eight years. 
The warmongers and neocons of the Deep State and surface government will try to work over all the Trump nominees in the security and policy arena. Trump has refused to listen to any of them, though a few have been invited in to the goings on. However, we don't know who is talking to Trump and who is talking to the various panels of experts that will advise who they think he should select. So a few neocons and warmongers like John Bolton and General Keane have made it into Trump Tower. But he eschewed them all these years and throughout the campaign. I doubt they will have any role in policy. He considers them failures. 
Expect very deep shakeouts at CIA and State. I think Flynn will use fellow military he knows and trusts as deputies and undersecretaries. General Keith Kellogg and General Ronald Burgess are likely for important positions. 
There has to be this cleaning out of the subterranean world of the Deep State. If President Carter got rid of 800 officers when Stansfield Turner tried cleaning out the CIA, I'm betting there are 1500 officers in the CIA who need retirement now. 
As for the State Department and the Clinton corruption of pay for play, that is only half the problem. The eighty years of Khazarian dominance of the State Department has created the need that whole thing ought to be shut down except for visas at embassies and consulates. (I'd use the Commerce Department in the interim. Send everyone else from State home. Board up Foggy Bottom for ten years.) 
Addendum: General Flynn early in the primary campaign consulted as advisor to five candidates. Carly Fiorina, Scott Walker, Ben Carson, Ted Cruz, and Donald Trump. He chose Trump as the one who wanted to be President in order to fix the country and make America great again. Now, Trump, Bannon and Flynn are going to drain the swamp, if they can survive. 
(Flynn has been named NSC Advisor and will command a staff of 400 from all the other Intel agencies, it has been reported by Fox and AP.) 
Larchmonter445

