ARTICLE

This post was originally published on this site 
On October 26, Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov met with Namibian Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of International Relations and Cooperation Netumbo Nandi-Ndaitwah, who has come to Moscow on a working visit to attend the sixth session of the Russian-Namibian Intergovernmental Commission on Trade and Economic Cooperation. 
The parties spotlighted the traditional high level of the two countries' mutual political understanding. They discussed partnership prospects in many spheres, particularly energy, fishing, railway transport, mining, and supplies of food and equipment. They exchanged opinions on topical international and African issues, including the UN reform, and confirmed their shared determination to work for enhancing the United Nations' role in global affairs. 
Ms Nandi-Ndaitwah highly evaluated Russia's policy to promote peace and security, build up a broad international anti-terrorist front, and move towards a settlement in Syria. 
The parties expressed concern over the remaining hotbeds of tension in Africa – in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Western Sahara, Sahara-Sahel region and elsewhere, and spoke in favour of conflict settlement by political means through dialogue and compromise. Related 

ARTICLE

This post was originally published on this site 
If Hillary wins, I'm talking the loved ones into a hundred foot deep bunker or a southern hemisphere island. 
Did you know Russia has the Sarmat ICBM that reaches all parts of America and Putin thinks Americans, who were, for the most part, not badly touched, the way Russians were, in previous world wars, should know how horrific war is? 
If we have WWIII, and it looks like we will, you and I will suffer, terribly, if we live. 
Snowflakes are voting for WWIII and they don't know it. Related 

ARTICLE

This post was originally published on this site 
sott.net/news 
ISIS media channels announced the arrival of the so-called 'al-Sham battalion” to be deployed in the different regions of Mosul, in order to boost the morale of its fighters, Iraqi media outlets reported on Thursday. 
Al Sumaria News stated, 'ISIS media channels announced the arrival of the so-called al-Sham battalion, coming from the Syrian city of al-Raqqa, in order to be deployed in Mosul and support the other fighters of the caliphate state against Iraqi security forces.” 
'The ISIS announced the arrival of the battalion to raise the collapsed morale of its fighters in Mosul,” Al Sumaria explained. 
'The members of the battalion are masked, wear distinctive uniforms and speak with an Iraqi accent, which raised doubts that the battalion is just a play made by Baghdadi to persuade his fighters that reinforcements will arrive to support them after many fighters fled from Mosul,” Al Sumaria added. Related 

ARTICLE

This post was originally published on this site 
Originally posted at TomDispatch . 
Recently, I was asked a question about Kill Anything That Moves , my history of civilian suffering during the Vietnam War. An interviewer wanted to know how I responded to veterans who took offense at the (supposed) implication that every American who served in Vietnam committed atrocities. 
I think I softly snorted and slowly shook my head. 
Already two books behind me, Kill Anything That Moves might as well have been written by someone else in another lifetime. In some sense, it was. 
It takes effort for me to dredge up the faded memories of that work, a Kodachrome-hued swirl of hundreds of interviews on two continents over the course of a decade. But this particular question was easy enough to answer. Almost all the Americans I interviewed had seen combat, but most American veterans of the war hadn't. Many had little or no real opportunity to commit war crimes. Case closed. 
But that question caused me to recall a host of related queries that churned around the book. Questions by skeptics, atrocity-deniers, fair-minded interviewers attempting to play devil's advocate. A favorite was whether the book was 'anti-veteran.” That, too, was a head-shaker for me. 
'How could that be?” I would respond. After all, the book owed its genesis to veterans. Veterans were key sources for it. Veterans provided the evidence. Veterans provided the quotes. Veterans even supplied the title. The book was, to a great extent, the history of the war as described to me by veterans. The story I told was their story. How could that in any way be anti-veteran? 
Many of the vets I spoke with viewed their truth-telling as a form of patriotism, of continuing service to country. Nate Terani's inaugural TomDispatch essay follows in the same American tradition. His eyes were opened to the abuse of military power while living in Iran as a boy. Later he would join the U.S. Navy and wear the stars and stripes with particular pride. September 11th and all that came after – notably the demonization of his Muslim faith in his homeland – imbued him with a new mission, one he now views as no less sacred than his military service. 
From Smedley Butler to Andrew Bacevich , Daniel Ellsberg to Chelsea Manning , Vietnam Veterans Against the War to Iraq Veterans Against the War , the U.S. armed forces have produced a steady stream of truth-tellers and whistleblowers, men and women willing to serve their country in profound ways during trying times. There's no bronze star for activism, no Navy Cross for unpopular or contrarian opinions, no Purple Heart for the hard knocks involved in speaking out against war crimes or Islamophobia or laying bare information vital to the American public. Veterans who dare to do so have sometimes walked a cold, lonely road far from the warm glow enjoyed by summer soldiers and sunshine patriots. Those who do so exhibit a special form of courage that may even exceed the bravery of the battlefield, the courage to stand tall and make oneself a target, a courage deserving ( with a nod to Thomas Paine ) of the love and thanks of man and woman. ~ Nick Turse 
Tehran, USA Fighting Fundamentalism in America By Nate Terani 
I'm not an immigrant, but my grandparents are. More than 50 years ago, they arrived in New York City from Iran. I grew up mainly in central New Jersey, an American kid playing little league for the Raritan Red Sox and soccer for the Raritan Rovers. In 1985, I travelled with my family to our ancestral land. I was only eight, but old enough to understand that the Iranians had lost their liberty and freedom. I saw the abject despair of a people who, in a desperate attempt to bring about change, had ushered in nationalist tyrants led by Ayatollah Khomeini. 
What I witnessed during that year in Iran changed the course of my life. In 1996, at age 19, wanting to help preserve the blessings of liberty and freedom we enjoy in America, I enlisted in the U.S. Navy. Now, with the rise of Donald Trump and his nationalist alt-right movement, I've come to feel that the values I sought to protect are in jeopardy. 
In Iran, theocratic fundmentalists sowed division and hatred of outsiders – of Westerners, Christians, and other religious minorities. Here in America, the right wing seems to have stolen passages directly from their playbook as it spreads hatred of immigrants, particularly Muslim ones. This form of nationalistic bigotry – Islamophobia – threatens the heart of our nation. When I chose to serve in the military, I did so to protect what I viewed as our sacred foundational values of liberty, equality, and democracy. Now, 20 years later, I've joined forces with fellow veterans to again fight for those sacred values, this time right here at home. 
'Death to America!” 
As a child, I sat in my class at the international school one sunny morning and heard in the distance the faint sounds of gunfire and rising chants of 'Death to America!” That day would define the rest of my life. 
It was Tehran, the capital of Iran, in 1985. I was attending a unique school for bilingual students who had been born in Western nations. It had become the last refuge in that city with any tolerance for Western teaching, but that also made it a target for military fundamentalists. As the gunfire drew closer, I heard boots pounding the marble tiles outside, marching into our building, and thundering down the corridor toward my classroom. As I heard voices chanting 'Death to America!” I remember wondering if I would survive to see my parents again. 
In a flash of green and black uniforms, those soldiers rushed into our classroom, grabbed us by our shirt collars, and yelled at us to get outside. We were then packed into the school's courtyard where a soldier pointed his rifle at our group and commanded us to look up. Almost in unison, my classmates and I raised our eyes and saw the flags of our many nations being torn down and dangled from the balcony, then set ablaze and tossed, still burning, into the courtyard. As those flags floated to the ground in flames, the soldiers fired their guns in the air. Shouting, they ordered us – if we ever wanted to see our families again – to swear allegiance to the Grand Ayatollah Khomeini and trample on the remains of the burning symbols of our home countries. I scanned the smoke that was filling the courtyard for my friends and classmates and, horrified, watched them capitulate and begin to chant, 'Death to America!” as they stomped on our sacred symbols. 
I was so angry that, young as I was, I began to plead with them to come to their senses. No one paid the slightest attention to an eight year old and yet, for the first time in my life, I felt something like righteous indignation. I suspect that, born and raised in America, I was already imbued with such a sense of privilege that I just couldn't fathom the immense danger I was in. Certainly, I was acting in ways no native Iranian would have found reasonable. 
Across the smoke-filled courtyard, I saw a soldier coming at me and knew he meant to force me to submit. I spotted an American flag still burning, dropped to my knees, and grabbed the charred pieces from underneath a classmate's feet. As the soldier closed in on me, I ducked and ran, still clutching my charred pieces of flag into a crowd of civilians who had gathered to witness the commotion. The events of that day would come to define all that I have ever stood for – or against. 
'Camel Jockey,” 'Ayatollah,” and 'Gandhi” 
My parents and I soon returned to the United States and I entered third grade. More than anything, I just wanted to be normal, to fit in and be accepted by my peers. Unfortunately, my first name, Nader (which I changed to Nate upon joining the Navy), and my swarthy Middle Eastern appearance, were little help on that score, eliciting regular jibes from my classmates. Even at that young age, they had already mastered a veritable thesaurus of ethnic defamation, including 'camel jockey,” 'sand-nigger,” 'raghead,” 'ayatollah,” and ironically, 'Gandhi” (which I now take as a compliment). My classmates regularly sought to 'other-ize” me in those years, as if I were a lesser American because of my faith and ethnicity. 
Yet I remember that tingling in my chest when I first donned my Cub Scout uniform – all because of the American flag patch on its shoulder. Something felt so good about wearing it, a feeling I still had when I joined the military. It seems that the flag I tried to rescue in Tehran was stapled to my heart, or that's how I felt anyway as I wore my country's uniform. 
When I took my oath of enlistment in the U.S. Navy, I gave my mom a camera and asked her to take some photos, but she was so overwhelmed with pride and joy that she cried throughout the ceremony and managed to snap only a few images of the carpet. She cried even harder when I was selected to serve as the first Muslim-American member of the U.S. Navy Presidential Ceremonial Honor Guard . On that day, I was proud, too, and all the taunts of those bullies of my childhood seemed finally silenced. 
Being tormented because of my ethnicity and religion in those early years had another effect on me. It caused me to become unusually sensitive to the nature of other people. Somehow, I grasped that, if it weren't for a fear of the unknown, there was an inherent goodness and frail humanity lurking in many of the kids who bullied and harassed me. Often, I discovered, those same bullies could be tremendously kind to their families, friends, or even strangers. I realized, then, that if, despite everything, I could lay myself bare and trust them enough to reach out in kindness, I might in turn gain their trust and they might then see me, too, and stop operating from such a place of fear and hate. 
Through patience, humor, and understanding, I was able to offer myself as the embodiment of my people and somehow defang the 'otherness” of so much that Americans found scary. To this day, I have friends from elementary school, middle school, high school, and the military who tell me that I am the only Muslim they have ever known and that, had they not met me, their perspective on Islam would have been wholly subject to the prevailing fear-based narrative that has poisoned this country since September 11, 2001. 
In 1998, I became special assistant to the Master Chief Petty Officer of the Navy and then, in 1999, I was recruited to serve at the Defense Intelligence Agency. In August 2000, I transferred to the Naval Reserve. 
In the wake of 9/11, I began to observe how so many of my fellow Americans were adopting a fundamentalist 'us vs. them” attitude towards Muslims and Islam. I suddenly found myself in an America where the scattered insults I had endured as a child took on an overarching and sinister meaning and form, where they became something like an ideology and way of life. 
By the time I completed my military service in 2006, I had begun to understand that our policies in the Middle East, similarly disturbed, seemed in pursuit of little more than perpetual warfare. That, in turn, was made possible by the creation of a new enemy: Islam – or rather of a portrait, painted by the powers-that-be, of Islam as a terror religion, as a hooded villain lurking out there somewhere in the desert, waiting to destroy us. I knew that attempting to dispel, through the patient approach of my childhood, the kind of Islamophobia that now had the country by the throat was not going to be enough. Post-9/11 attacks on Muslims in the U.S. and elsewhere were not merely childish taunts. 
For the first time in my life, in a country gripped by fear, I believed I was witnessing a shift, en masse, toward an American fundamentalism and ultra-nationalism that reflected a wanton lack of reason, not to mention fact. As a boy in Iran, I had witnessed the dark destination down which such a path could take a country. Now, it seemed to me, in America's quest to escape the very demons we had sown by our own misadventures in the Middle East, and forsaking the hallmarks of our founding, we risked becoming everything we sought to defeat. 
The Boy in the Schoolyard Grown Up 
On February 10, 2015, three young American students, Yusor Abu-Salha, Razan Abu-Salha, and Deah Shaddy Barakat, were executed at an apartment complex in Chapel Hill, North Carolina. The killer was a gun-crazy white man filled with hate and described by his own daughter as 'a monster.” Those assassinations struck a special chord of sorrow and loss in me. My mom and I cried and prayed together for those students and their families. 
The incident in Chapel Hill also awoke in me some version of the righteous indignation I had felt so many years earlier in that smoke-filled courtyard in Iran. I would be damned if I stood by while kids in my country were murdered simply because of their faith. It violated every word of the oath I had taken when I joined the military and desecrated every value I held in my heart as a sacred tenet of our nation. White nationalists and bigots had, by then, thrown down the gauntlet for so much of this, using Islamophobia to trigger targeted assassinations in the United States. This was terrorism, pure and simple, inspired by hate-speakers here at home. 
At that moment, I reached out to fellow veterans who, I thought, might be willing to help – and it's true what they say about soul mates being irrevocably drawn to each other. When I contacted Veterans For Peace , an organization dedicated to exposing the costs of war and militarism, I found the leadership well aware of the inherent dangers of Islamophobia and of the need to confront this new enemy. So Executive Director Michael McPhearson formed a committee of vets from around the country to decide how those of us who had donned uniforms to defend this land could best battle the phenomenon – and I, of course, joined it. 
From that committee emerged Veterans Challenge Islamophobia (VCI). It now has organizers in Arizona, Georgia, New Jersey, and Texas, and that's just a beginning. Totally nonpartisan, VCI focuses on politicians of any party who engage in hate speech. We've met with leaders of American Muslim communities, sat with them through Ramadan, and attended their Iftar dinners to break our fasts together. In the wake of the Orlando shooting , we at VCI also mobilized to fight back against attempts to pit the Muslim community against the LGBTQ+ community. 
Our group was born of the belief that, as American military veterans, we had a responsibility to call out bigotry, hatred, and the perpetuation of endless warfare. We want the American Muslim community to know that they have allies, and that those allies are indeed veterans as well. We stand with them and for them and, for those of us who are Muslim, among them. 
Nationalism and xenophobia have no place in American life, and I, for my part, don't think Donald Trump or anyone like him should be able to peddle Islamophobia in an attempt to undermine our national unity. Without Islamophobia, there no longer exists a 'clash of civilizations.” Without Islamophobia, whatever the problems in the world may be, there is no longer an 'us vs. them” and it's possible to begin reimagining a world of something other than perpetual war. 
As of now, this remains the struggle of my life, for despite my intense love for America, some of my countrymen increasingly see American Muslims as the 'other,” the enemy. 
My Mom taught me as a boy that the only thing that mattered was what was in my heart. Now, with her in mind and as a representative of VCI, when I meet fellow Americans I always remember my childhood experiences with my bullying peers. And I still lay myself bare, as I did then. I give trust to gain trust, but always knowing that these days this isn't just a matter of niceties. It's a question of life or death. It's part of a battle for the soul of our nation. 
In many ways, I still consider myself that boy in the school courtyard in Tehran trying to rescue charred pieces of that flag from those trampling feet. It's just that now I'm doing it in my own country. 
Nate Terani is a veteran of the U.S. Navy and served in military intelligence with the Defense Intelligence Agency. He is currently a member of the leadership team at Common Defense PAC and regional campaign organizer with Veterans Challenge Islamophobia . He is a featured columnist with the Arizona Muslim Voice newspaper. 
Follow TomDispatch on Twitter and join us on Facebook . Check out the newest Dispatch Book, Nick Turse's Next Time They'll Come to Count the Dead , and Tom Engelhardt's latest book, Shadow Government: Surveillance, Secret Wars, and a Global Security State in a Single-Superpower World . 
Copyright 2016 Nate Terani Read more by Tom Engelhardt Related 

ARTICLE

This post was originally published on this site 
Valeria Monis makes unique ceramics, decorated with patterns based on Russian criminal tattoos. 
Scroll down to see more VALERIA MONIS Artist Valeria Monis now lives in Israel and is working on a series of porcelain, decorated with patterns based on Russian criminal tattoos. / The cat is the symbol of a successful thief. On the forearm or shoulder it symbolises a 'native occupant of prison,” on the legs it means 'convicted for robbery” or 'convicted for life.” VALERIA MONIS 
The pattern is painted on dishes and vases. The series is called 'From Russia with Love.” / Tattoos of crosses, churches, the Virgin Mary are reserved for the chest, the most significant part, and the back. VALERIA MONIS 
'In Russian prisons, tattoos serve as a unique language of symbols that represent the prisoner's personal life stories. The rules for reading them are passed on by oral tradition.” / The text reads: 'I call you, I miss you, I'll drink you drop by drop, my love.” A tattoo worn by lesbians, it was widespread in 1970s-80s. VALERIA MONIS Valeria Monis: 'Each ceramic piece is designed, crafted, and illustrated 100% by hand, incorporating illustrations taken from The Russian Criminal Tattoo Encyclopedia by Danzig Baldaev.” / Tattoos of crosses, churches, the Virgin Mary are reserved for the chest, the most significant part, and the back. VALERIA MONIS 
Tattoos confer a criminal's identity; they are a seal of social standing and a repository of collective memory. In the criminal world, no tattoos means no status. / A female thief's tattoo. The number of domes symbolises the amount of convictions or number of years served. VALERIA MONIS 
A humorous tattoo typical for collective labor camps, commonly called 'Misha the accordion player.” VALERIA MONIS 
This rare tattoo belonged to an old thief named Shulga, whose left hand was missing. He was repeatedly convicted and well-known. VALERIA MONIS 
Women's tattoo symbolising the loss of freedom and loving parents, an unhappy fate, the burden of loneliness or the disappointment of life. VALERIA MONIS 
The text reads: 'Winged Russia is the queen of planet Earth.” Related 

ARTICLE

This post was originally published on this site 
The first Russian-Egyptian anti-terrorist exercise, dubbed Defenders of Friendship-2016 was held on October 15-26. 
It took place in the desert, between the Egyptian cities of El-Alamein and Alexandria. 
The Russian Airborne Troops arrived in the African continent for the first time. 
Over 500 Russian and Egyptian paratroopers took part in the drills. 
More than 15 helicopters and planes, 10 items of air-droppable military hardware were involved. 
Russian and Egyptian servicemen practiced localization and elimination of militant groups in desert conditions. 
Foreign representatives, including ambassadors and military attaches, were present in the capacity of observers. 
Egyptian military are going to use the experience of the Russian Airborne Troops in the fight against international terrorism. 
In 2015, Russia and Egypt held their first joint maritime exercises in the Mediterranean near Alexandria. 
Next Russia-Egypt joint drill may be held in Russia next year. Related 

ARTICLE

This post was originally published on this site 
The criminal investigation underway over Anthony Weiner's alleged child sex infraction has a couple of characteristics that make it especially awkward for Hillary Clinton and Huma Abedin, the estranged wife of Weiner and close companion of Hillary. 
Ed Timperlake points out to me that in an underage sex investigation, all electronic communications of the investigative target are pursued. This probably led to the grand jury that was announced 11 days ago issuing a subpoena for all of the devices in the possession of Weiner and his family, including Huma. As Lucianne Goldberg quipped, they even seize the Speak & Spell toys in these cases. This grand jury is in New York, possibly less politically supervised than the first Hillary email investigation. 
Evidently, some of these devices were not turned over in the first investigation and contained 'pertinent” emails. We do not know with certainty, but some reports indicate the pertinent emails may have been found on Weiner's laptop. Recall that the initial investigation did not convene a grand jury and did not, therefore, have subpoena power. It is possible that Huma Abedin misled the FBI over the existence of pertinent emails on her then husband's computing devices. 
So what could have been on the laptop Carlos Danger used for sexting? 
Adam Yoshida, with a background in information technology consulting for affluent and powerful people emails: 
…Clinton [was] using e-mails seemingly like most people use IMs or text messaging. Her holding onto Blackberries (and seven switching back to older models when the software was upgraded) [demonstrates this]. It might even explain at least SOME of the motivation for the e-mail server itself. I've seen plenty of cases where a powerful person says basically, 'I want my e-mails on this thing” and, regardless of whether it's a good solution, people respond, 'ready-aye-ready.” 
So, what could they have found on Weiner's computers that would have caused such alarm? 
I'd think one of two things: 
1) Either that Huma signed in her e-mail account at one point and, presumably, it being Exchange or IMAP, dumped the whole account onto the computer and that account has plenty of e-mails between her and Clinton that were deleted. 
Or – 
2) There's mention of Huma having a Yahoo account to which she would forward things for printing purposes. This struck me right away because, of course, printers are often difficult to configure as are e-mail accounts. It struck me as strange, yet very believable, that she mentioned that she'd forward stuff to that Yahoo account to print them. I mean, printing in theory should be platform agnostic, but – if you're technically unsophisticated – you might have serious problems trying to setup an e-mail account or a printer on a device. Thus I imagine a scenario where she has a portable machine that either she can't (or can't be, for some reason) configured to use her home printer and a desktop machine (I imagine an slightly-older iMac here) that's physically connected to the printer that serves as a shared 'family computer” or whatever. She either can't setup the e-mail account on that computer (perhaps it requires a VPN or something like that) or doesn't want to, so she forwards everything that she wants to print to the Yahoo account that she does have setup on that computer. The FBI takes this computer as part of the Weiner investigation and, bam, they find thousands of e-mail messages – again, evidence of what was destroyed earlier. 

ARTICLE

This post was originally published on this site 
Evgeny Demin and Elena Demina moved from the Krasnodar Territory in southern Russia to Moscow with a small idea and big ambitions. In 2000, when they were not yet 25 years old, they founded SPLAT, a company that today supplies personal care and household chemical products to 45 countries around the world. 
'In the beginning, the company specialized in the production of biologically active additives and cosmetics based on Spirulina platensis seaweed — thus the company name,” explains Evgeny Demin. 
They quickly decided to target their efforts in another direction: on the production of next-generation toothpaste. 
'From the very start, we agreed to create the best toothpaste in the world, so that it would surpass all expectations,” he said. 
Evgeny Demin and Elena Demina / Source: Press photo 
The couple first rented a factory for their operations near Moscow and in 2009 they opened their own plant 300 miles northwest of the Russian capital in the Novgorod Region. Today it employs more than 350 people. A total of 700 people work for the company, including in sales and marketing offices abroad. 
The company has opened a subsidiary and hired a local team in China and is now looking forward to working with its Chinese partners, according to SPLAT's press service. The company's premium products are particularly popular in Germany and SPLAT has also started to sell its products in France. The company currently owns more than 10 Russian and foreign patents. The right segment 
From the very beginning SPLAT toothpaste was priced about twice that of its supermarket rivals. Entering the premium segment, where there were practically no competitors, was one of the factors of the brand's success, says Alexander Yeremenko, managing director of the BrandLab marketing agency. 
According to Yeremenko when SPLAT debuted, two major international players, Procter&Gamble and Colgate, had claimed the middle segment of the Russian market, while the lower end was dominated by Russian producers selling very cheap toothpaste. 
'In the high-price segment, besides LACALUT, there were no important players,” Yeremenko said. 
Source: Press photo 
Some of SPLAT's exclusive offerings include black toothpaste made from Karelian coal and golden toothpaste featuring extracts of diamond and colloidal gold. SPLAT's scientific laboratory and R&D center in Moscow are in charge of developing the toothpaste's unique components. 
In 2008 the company began exporting its products and by 2015 foreign sales made up 17 percent of its revenue. One of its most successful foreign markets is Turkey, where SPLAT was able to sign an exclusive contract with one of the country's leading perfume and cosmetics chains. 
The company has opened a subsidiary and hired a local team in China and is now looking forward to working with its Chinese partners, according to SPLAT's press service. The company's premium products are particularly popular in Germany and SPLAT has also started to sell its products in France. The company currently owns more than 10 Russian and foreign patents. A personal approach to customer loyalty 
The company has not divulged any financial indicators, but in value terms SPLAT holds 9.7 percent of the Russian market and in terms of sales it has a 14.7-percent market share, says Timur Nigmatullin, an analyst at Finam Holding. 
Nigmatullin attributes SPLAT's success in part to its unusual marketing strategy. The company does not employ TV advertising on principle and focuses its energies on repeat sales to loyal customers. 
Yeremenko believes that SPLAT's marketing efforts were appropriate for a product in the high-end segment of the market where consumers value innovation and are ready to pay for it. 
'SPLAT did not have money for promotion, which is why all efforts were directed at achieving a high-quality and innovative product,” Yeremenko said, adding that the firm's unique offerings, such as being the first black toothpaste or having unusual taste and components are all elements of marketing, which requires constant research and experimentation. 
The company also takes a personal approach to encouraging brand loyalty. Each SPLAT toothpaste package contains a letter from Evgeny Demin himself, the firm's general director. At the end of each letter, he provides his personal email address noting that he responds to all messages himself. 
'The director's letters in the packages create the impression of the producer's responsibility to the customer; [they] guarantee a quality approach and the company's excellent result on the market,” Yeremenko said. Not just toothpaste 
Today SPLAT has diversified and it produces more than 200 different products from its 50,000 sq. ft. plant in the Novgorod Region. The company's offerings include toothpastes, brushes, foams and mouthwashes, the BioMio ecological line of housekeeping products, the organic LALLUM Baby line of natural cosmetics for children and mothers and the HEYA series of natural shampoos and conditioners. 
Source: Press photo 
HEYA is one of SPLAT's latest developments and is one of co-founder Elena Demina's proudest accomplishments. 
'The idea of creating products for health and hair beauty that would be just as unique and effective as all the other SPLAT products, came to us a long time ago,” she said. 'Our team spent more than five years working on it.” 
The market for hair care products is highly competitive, but SPLAT's offerings, made exclusively from natural ingredients without silicon or parabens, are unique. The company took its time developing the HEYA series components, but Demina says she is very happy with the result. 
'We do not compete with other hair care producers because, all modesty aside, we believe that our products are unique and unrepeatable,” she said. 
Source: Press photo 
Nigmatullin considers the Russian market robust and large enough to accommodate new products, despite the unfavorable economic situation and the difficult investment climate. 
'The SPLAT phenomenon is not the only one,” Nigmatullin said. 'There are many other examples: UAZ, Ural motorcycles, a long list of medicine produced in local plants, confectionery and so on.” 
According to Yeremenko SPLAT's success can be attributed to hard work and planning. 
'Actually, SPLAT's story is not as magical as it seems,” Yeremenko said. 'It is proof of a solid marketing approach, which basically any producer can adopt.” 
In his view, SPLAT's founders demonstrated sound judgment and perseverance in developing their idea. 
'The problem with most Russian companies is not the lack of ideas, but that they don't know where they're going,” he said. 'But SPLAT had a strategy and most importantly, it patiently implemented it.” Subscribe to get the hand picked best stories every week Related 

ARTICLE

This post was originally published on this site 
sott.net/news 
© Murad Sezer / Reuters An armored police vehicle drives past by the headquarters of Cumhuriyet newspaper, an opposition secularist daily, in Istanbul, Turkey, October 31, 2016. 
Turkish PM Binali Yildirim has responded to concerns expressed by Ankara's EU partners over the situation with the freedom of expression in the country, saying that European standards apparently have no importance for Turkey. 
Following Monday's arrests of the editor-in-chief and other top staff of Turkey's opposition Cumhuriyet daily, European Parliament President Martin Schulz harshly criticized Ankara's actions, having called it a part of a 'purge… motivated by political considerations, rather than legal and security rationale.” 
Turkey has once again crossed the 'red line” against freedom of expression, the politician wrote on Twitter. 
'Brother, we don't care about your red line. It's the people who draw the red line. What importance does your line have. We draw another red line on top of yours,” Yildirim told members of his ruling AK Party in a parliament speech. 
Implying that its only the people of Turkey who can hold the government 'accountable” for its actions, Yildirim said Ankara would not be intimidated by EU's 'threats”. 
Crowds gathered by the Cumhuriyet offices during the night, to express their support for the media, Reuters reported. According to Turkey's journalists' association, 170 media outlets have been shut down following the attempted coup. 
'We are not going to learn from you what press freedom is. We support it all the way,” Reuters quoted Yildirim as saying. 
The new wave of arrests and investigations of the Cumhuriyet staff come under accusations that the media – which has been critical of President Tayyip Erdogan, had assisted a failed military coup in July. Alleging that the journalists played their part in the coup by publishing 'subliminal messages” in their columns, according to Turkish Anadolu agency, prosecutors accused them of supporting Kurdish militants and US-based cleric Fethullah Gulen. The latter is blamed by the government for orchestrating the coup. 
'[Our European friends] always bring up press freedom when we take steps in our fight against terrorism,” the prime minister said, adding that Turkey has 'no problem with press freedom.” 
[embedded content] 

ARTICLE

This post was originally published on this site 
HELSINKI, Nov. 1 (Xinhua)– Both Finnish President Sauli Niinisto and his Latvian counterpart on Tuesday underlined the importance of continuing dialogue with Russia , particularly amid tense security situation in the Baltic region. 
Latvian President Raimonds Vejonis paid an official visit to Finland on Tuesday. Security in the Baltic region was one of the key issues discussed during his meeting with Niinisto. 
'We are facing now in the Baltic Sea area increased tensions, and that is not good for anybody,” Niinisto said at a press conference after the meeting. 
He said NATO's presence in the Baltics and Poland is important to ensure the security of the area. 
Vejonis said open dialogue with Russia is essential to increase transparency and predictability, as well as to avoid misunderstanding. 
In addition, Vejonis underlined the significance to strengthen cooperation with NATO and the European Union , as well as the other Baltic and Nordic countries. 
Vejonis was the third Baltic president visiting Finland within a month, following the presidents of Lithuania and Estonia. Related 

ARTICLE

This post was originally published on this site 
A Suffolk University/USA Today poll released Friday found that 75.9% of Americans believe the mainstream media 'would like to see [Hillary Clinton] elected president.” 
The poll also found that only 10% of Americans believe that 'foreign interests such as Russian hackers” are 'the primary threat that might try to change the election results”. In contrast, 45.53% believe 'the news media” is the primary threat to the election: 
Indeed, the New York Times , Boston Globe , Los Angeles Times , CNN and other mainstream media admitted to us they were going to try to throw the election for Hillary. (And leaked emails show widespread collusion between the media and the Clinton campaign.) 
Americans widely distrust the mainstream media. With good reason … Related 

ARTICLE

This post was originally published on this site By Jeremiah Johnson Ready Nutrition November 3, 2016 
ReadyNutrition Guys and Gals, 'Old Man Winter” is starting to rear his ugly head. Yeah, so what? So there is a difference this year on three fronts. The first has to do with the weather itself, and the second is the situation in the U.S. and the world. Throughout history winter has been (at times) so severe as to cause large numbers of deaths and great hardships. Throughout history warfare has been conducted during the winter months after the harvest has been taken in. Between you and I, the harvest is being taken in, and the whole world has been on the brink of war for quite some time. The third front: in the U.S., with the election. 
Weather, War, and Domestic Issues Could be a Recipe for Disaster 
Let's address the weather portion first. Think Progress posted an article on the polar vortex shift that will affect our winter considerably. The polar vortex is usually 'confined” to an area around the North Pole. It is a gigantic, constantly-moving system of air that is circulating and swirling. As the site mentioned, the last polar vortex shift affected more than 200 million people in 2014. I can attest to the fact that I was one of them: in January of 2014, it was -26 Fahrenheit outside of my cabin, and never rose above -10 Fahrenheit for almost the entire month. 
From the perspective of a global war, the Ukrainian-Russian situation is intensifying with the Ukrainian Army moving troops and equipment into Eastern Ukraine for operations against the separatists. As we speak, a Russian fleet is sailing toward Syria. The fighting in Syria between Assad's forces and the Russian army and the Islamic terrorists is burning fiercely. The U.S. and Russia are facing off toward a nuclear war. North Korea continues to test missiles and threatens an EMP (Electromagnetic Pulse) and/or nuclear attack on the U.S. about once a week. 
That 'third front” of the domestic situation in the U.S…. believe it or not, here is the highest potential for something bad to occur. Such is because Obama will think nothing of enacting Martial Law with either the advent of civil unrest and rioting, and/or a nuclear war. The volatility and unpredictability of the situation can be the undoing of the entire country. 

ARTICLE

Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. ↑ 

ARTICLE

This post was originally published on this site 
sott.net/news 
© Bashir Khan Safi / Agence France Presse An Afghan man carries the dead body of a child following a NATO coalition airstrike on the outskirts of Kunduz on November 3, 2016. 
Scores of civilians, including children, have reportedly been killed in US airstrikes supporting a ground operation in Kunduz, Afghanistan, officials and media report. NATO forces in Afghanistan said the airstrikes were 'to defend friendly forces under fire.” 
Earlier on Thursday, United States Forces Afghanistan released a statement, saying that two US servicemen had died 'as a result of wounds sustained during operations” in Kunduz. 
'The service members came under fire during a train, advise and assist mission with our Afghan partners to clear a Taliban position and disrupt the group's operations in Kunduz district,” the statement said. 
Resolute Support, a NATO-led training mission in Afghanistan, tweeted that the airstrikes in Kunduz had been carried out to defend 'friendly forces under fire.” 
Brigadier General Charles Cleveland, a spokesman for the United States military in Afghanistan, said that he couldn't say whether the civilian deaths near Kunduz and the attack on US soldiers were related, but noted that the deceased American servicemen had been as advisers to an Afghan military operation. 
'We have no evidence at this point of any civilian casualties, but we take all allegations very seriously,” he said, as cited by the New York Times . 'Although this was an Afghan operation advised by US forces, US aircraft were used to defend all of the friendly forces.” 
Afghan officials told Reuters that there had been heavy fighting between Taliban fighters and the US military about five kilometers from the city center. The US then reportedly called in airstrikes that resulted in numerous casualties. 
Local activists shared photos of what they say are dead bodies of the airstrike victims with RT. RT cannot independently verify the authenticity of the images. 
General Qasim Jangalbagh from the Kunduz police said the air raid had resulted in the deaths of about 26 people, AP reported. 
Kunduz's provincial spokesman, Mahmood Danish, told AFP that the airstrikes had killed 30 civilians, including women and children. 
'Afghan forces and coalition troops conducted a joint operation against the Taliban insurgents. In the bombardment 30 Afghan civilians were martyred and 25 others were wounded,” he said. 
Police spokesman Mahmoodullah Akbari gave similar toll to AFP, saying that infants as young as three months old were among the dead. 
Local activists shared photos of what they say are dead bodies of the airstrike victims with RT. RT cannot independently verify the authenticity of the images. 
'They were asleep when their house came under attack by coalition troops,” Akbari said. 
Safiullah Amiri, a member of the Kunduz Provincial Council, said at least 30 civilians had been killed in a series of airstrikes on the village, the NYT reported. The paper also cited Islamuddin Timoori, a representative of the protesters from Kunduz, who said that the bombing had been carried out by the US, killing 27 people and wounding 70. 
According to Pajhwok, 'the airstrikes and ground offensive” were conducted by 'Afghan and foreign forces” in the Pul Achin and Poz Kandahari areas on the outskirts of Kunduz. 
Pajhwok reported that the airstrikes had prompted the citizens of Kunduz to take to the streets in protest. The protesters reportedly were carrying the bodies of people killed in the attack, including those of the children. Photos of the corpses of the alleged victims have been circulating on social media. 
'I was working on the farm when suddenly the bombardment started in our area. When I came to my house seven members of my family, including women and children, were killed,” Kunduz resident Taza Gul told Pajhwok Afghan News. 
Bilal Sarwary, a local journalist citing sources in the Afghan government, reported that at least 31 civilians had been killed during an Afghan-NATO special forces operation on Thursday night. 
Citing Afghan government sources, he tweeted that 'Afghan and US Special forces were surrounded and were taking heavy fire when the airstrike was called.” Related 

ARTICLE

This post was originally published on this site 
almasdarnews.com 
DAMASCUS, SYRIA (2:05 P.M.) – The Islamic State of Iraq and Al-Sham (ISIS) launched a large-scale offensive in the eastern countryside of the Homs Governorate on Thursday, targeting the Al-Mahr Gas Fields and key town of Jubb Al-Jarrah. 
Initially, the offensive got off to a good start for the terrorist forces, as they managed to shoot down a Russian attack chopper near the Al-Sha'er Mountains. 
Not long after shooting down the attack chopper, ISIS stormed both Jubb Al-Jarrah and the Al-Mahr Gas Fields, resulting in a heated battle with the Syrian Armed Forces that lasted for several hours on Thursday. 
The Syrian Army's stiff defenses proved impregnable on Thursday after the Islamic State suffered heavy losses to both military personnel and equipment in eastern Homs. 
According to an Al-Masdar field correspondent in Damascus, the Syrian Armed Forces killed a total of 28 Islamic State terrorists at Al-Mahr and Jubb Al-Jarrah, forcing the aforementioned terrorist group to withdraw their assault before sundown on Thursday. 
ALSO READ Turkish-backed rebels recapture key town in northern Aleppo Related 

ARTICLE


Twitter: @ batchelorshow 
Farming Invented Many Times by Many Different Farmers Over A Vast Landscape. @ carlzimmer . @nytimes. 
'…In the 1990s, archaeologists largely concluded that farming in the Fertile Crescent began in Jordan and Israel, a region known as the southern Levant. 'The model was that everything started there, and then everything spread out from there, including maybe the people,” said Melinda A. Zeder, a senior research scientist at the Smithsonian National Museum of Natural History. 
But in recent years, Dr. Zeder and other archaeologists have overturned that consensus. Their research suggests that people were inventing farming at several sites in the Fertile Crescent at roughly the same time. In the Zagros Mountains of Iran, for example, Dr. Zeder and her colleagues have found evidence of the gradual domestication of wild goats over many centuries around 10,000 years ago. 
People may have been cultivating plants earlier than believed, too. 
In the 1980s, Dani Nadel, then at Hebrew University, and his colleagues excavated a 23,000-year-old site on the shores of the Sea of Galilee known as Ohalo II. It consisted of half a dozen brush huts. Last year, Dr. Nadel co-authored a study showing that one of the huts contained 150,000 charred seeds and fruits, including many types, such as almonds, grapes and olives, that would later become crops. . A stone blade found at Ohalo II seemed to have been used as a sickle to harvest cereals. A stone slab was used to grind the seeds. It seems clear the inhabitants were cultivating wild plants long before farming was thought to have begun. 
'We got fixated on the very few things we just happened to see preserved in the archaeological record, and we got this false impression that this was an abrupt change,” Dr. Zeder said. 'Now we really understand there was this long period where they're playing around with resources.” 
re 

ARTICLE

This post was originally published on this site 
ST. PETERSBURG, November 8. /TASS/. Russian researchers plan to resume drilling works at the world's deepest well of about four kilometers which leads to Lake Vostok, the biggest subglacial lake in Antarctica, chief of the Russian Antarctic expedition Valery Lukin told TASS on Monday. 
'We plan to resume drilling works at Lake Vostok, despite the fact that funding of the entire program of the expedition has remained at the last year's level, or slightly more than one billion rubles ($15.67 million),” he said, adding that last year saw a break in the works at Lake Vostok as the most money consuming in the entire expedition's program. 
According to Lukin, the plan for this Antarctic summer season is to expand the well's lower section to prevent water rise in the well during the next, third, drilling attempt to reach the lake's water, like it happened during the first two attempts. 
It is not yet decided whether the third attempt to reach the lake's water will be made this year. 'Most likely, we will not have enough time for that during this season but still there is a chance for that,” he said. 
Researchers plan to arrive at the Vostok station located near the subglacial lake on December 6 and finish their mission in early February. 
This year, the Russian Antarctic expedition will use three ships to get to the destination. Thus, the Akademik Fedorov is scheduled to sail off on November 12, the Akademik Tereshnikov — on November 19, and the Akademik Karpinsky — in late November. The seasonal expedition, according to Lukin, will include 120 specialists. As many as 110 polar explorers will spend the next winter at five round-the-year Antarctic stations. 
Lake Vostok, measuring 250 by 50 kilometers, was discovered by the 33rd Russian Antarctic Expedition in 1987. It lies beneath some four kilometers of ice. Drilling was launched in 1989. In February 2012, researchers reached the watershed and took the first samples of water, which were found to contain traces of living organisms, hitherto unknown cold-resistant bacteria. However there was no 100% guarantee that these bacteria had originated from the subglacial lake, since water samples were polluted with priming water from the well. Months later, however, the water in the lake rose and froze at the level of 363 meters. The explorers had to drill a new well parallel to the old one from the depth of 3,406 meters. 
{{item.group_date}} 

ARTICLE

This post was originally published on this site 
The concept of evolution should not be limited to the scientific assertions around Darwin's theory of natural selection, but ought to include the more general idea that people and processes constantly evolve in response to the forces that surround them. We evolve from childhood into adulthood, and, ideally, from self-centeredness toward the good of larger entities like our community or nation (and now, faced with climate change, the good of our planet). Political arrangements have evolved from the divine right of kings into still–evolving democratic systems. 
A Supreme Court justice's orientation toward evolution in this basic sense determines whether he or she is a strict originalist (a nicer word for fundamentalist), or sees the Constitution as a living document that must be responsive to changing conditions. No founding father composing the second amendment could have foreseen the surfeit of guns decimating our country today. 
Such evolutionary processes are alive, dynamic, an unstoppable juggernaut pervading every aspect of reality. Against them, even the determination not to evolve has evolutionary effects, as we have seen in the bizarre presidential process of the past year. A Neanderthal candidate has helped awaken a generation of young women, and ideally young men also, to evolve beyond being victims of crude chauvinist stereotypes. 
The whole cosmos has been evolving for 13.8 billion years, from energy to matter to, here on earth, life and self-conscious life. Evolution is the context of our reality, the story all humans share. This story is beginning to seep into collective consciousness in a way that may yet render obsolete divisions such as those between Shia and Sunni, let alone between 'radical Islamic fundamentalism” and the 'post-Enlightenment West.” We all evolved from the same mysterious source. Every differentiation in that largest context, by race, tribe, religion, ethnicity, feels arbitrary and abstract. 
It is not surprising that fundamentalism in whatever form has often found the evolutionary paradigm threatening, because it implies a challenging dynamic of change that feels insecure. For many believers, to generalize unfairly, religion provides behavioral rules that can be a source of security and comfort even as they are used as excuses to remain exclusive and resist evolving. 
Within each world religion, there are minority enclaves (the Sufis in Islam, Zen practitioners of Buddhism, Catholic mystics like Teilhard de Chardin) who understand that their spiritual discipline is an opportunity to evolve toward inclusivity, toward looking within at fears and projections rather than looking outward for enemies, and toward expanding our identifications and responsibilities beyond the national to the planetary. 
Far from being a benign, feel-good process, evolution is often painful, one step forward, two back. Take the tortured but necessary demise of the American coal industry. No one wants to see the debilitating effects of unemployment on real people with real families, but so far the technology of coal burning hasn't evolved a way not to accelerate global warming. 
We humans are supposedly not built to respond effectively to long-term threats like changes in climate, but, late in the game as it is, we do seem to be collectively learning what is at stake and evolving locally and globally. Entrepreneurs are rapidly bringing to market solar, wind, and other cleaner and more sustainable energy sources. 
Unfortunately, negative and harmful processes can also become subject to an evolutionary juggernaut. Since 1945 weapons systems have evolved (more accurately, we have evolved them) to a level of complexity and destructive power that we are already powerless to control. The Pentagon is reported to be spending its usual vast sums on research into computer-controlled robotic drones capable of making their own autonomous decisions about who is an enemy. The defense establishments of other great nations are presumably up to the same mischief, or soon will be, because the arms race never stops evolving. Or won't until we embrace a new way of thinking: that we must evolve to survive. 
We, we the nations, are hopelessly complacent in our present reliance upon deterrence as a workable security system. As the fellow falling from the hundredth floor said as he passed the sixtieth: so far so good. The system, an emperor with no clothes solemnly worshipped by legions of self-confident experts, is too complex not to be subject to breakdown at any moment, perhaps by accident, perhaps where NATO and Russia push up against each other in Eastern Europe, perhaps in Kashmir. 
The threat of nuclear extinction provides a new context for the obsolete parochialism of the world's major religions. If this threat isn't enough to accelerate the ecumenical impulse, what is? As people of diverse spiritual worldviews acknowledge that they have in common the possibility of annihilation, our shared anxiety can energize evolution toward inclusivity and nonviolent solutions to conflict. The world is in a race between fundamentalists and arms manufacturers on the one hand, and evolutionaries who see clearly both the futile dead-end of the arms race and the possibility of a security built upon the truth of interdependence, which appears in similar form in all the religions as the Golden Rule. We will live together or die together. As we treat others, so we will be treated. Whether they each understand this or not, this is the hidden-in-plain-sight background behind the Trump-Clinton mud-wrestle. 
Will the arms manufacturers and the politicians in league with them evolve in the face of the nuclear threat in a way similar to our positive responses to the challenge of climate instability? I live in Maine, where the state's largest private employer is the Bath Iron Works. They are building three of a new kind of guided missile destroyer that is contoured to hide from radar. Each one costs 4 billion dollars. Recently I had a conversation with an Iron Works employee. I made the assumption that, given his job, he would be hawkishly supportive of a robust military. Not at all. His exact parting words were 'I'd be much happier building solar panels.” Related 

ARTICLE

This post was originally published on this site 
MOSCOW, November 8. /TASS/. Witness in the case of Russian oppositionist Boris Nemtsov's murder, former worker of a Moscow auto dealership Artyom Trapezin has identified one of the suspects and confirmed selling them a car used by the suspected killers to spy on the politician. 
The witness has made this statement at the Moscow District Military Court, which is holding a hearing on the Nemtsov murder case. 
According to the witness, suspect Dadayev was going to buy a car with a copy of a passport allegedly for his brother who had had a car accident. 
'I earlier saw and talked to Zaur Dadayev. We agreed with him on the price of the car and he drove off for getting money, after which he returned and bought a ZAZ Chance car for 90,000 rubles [$1,400],” Trapezin said. 
However, Dadayev rejected this testimony. 
'I saw him only in the investigator's room for the first time. We don't know each other,” he said. 
Nemtsov, former deputy prime minister under then-President Boris Yeltsin, co-chairman of the Parnas party and lawmaker of the Yaroslavl regional legislature, was gunned down in downtown Moscow on February 27, 2015. Five persons were arrested on March 8 last year on suspicion of murdering the politician: Zaur Dadayev, Anzor and Shadid Gubashev, Tamerlan Eskerkhanov and Khamzat Bakhayev. 
Depending on their role and the degree of their involvement, they are pressed with charges under part 2, article 105 ('Contract Murder Committed by an Organized Group”) and part 3, article 222 of Russia's Criminal Code ('Illegal Acquisition, Transfer, Storage, Transportation and Possession of Firearms and Ammunition by an Organized Group”). Article 105 carries a punishment of up to life imprisonment. 
The accused persons are denying their complicity in Nemtsov's murder. The term of their arrest has been extended until December 30. 
According to investigators, the men received at least 15 million rubles ($238,000 at the current exchange rate) for the politician's murder. They started preparing for the killing back in September 2014. The suspected organizer of the murder is Ruslan Mukhudinov, a former officer of the Chechen 'Sever” battalion. Mukhudinov has been charged in absentia. He has been on the international wanted list since November 2015. A criminal case against him and other unidentified persons is investigated separately. 
In late June, Russia's Prosecutor General's Office sent the criminal case to the Moscow District Military Court to review its merits. The defendants have insisted that the murder case should be considered by the board of jurors. 
The case is heard by the Moscow District Military Court rather than the Moscow City Court as Zaur Dadayev, one of the suspected perpetrators, was a serviceman of the 'Sever” battalion in the North Caucasus republic of Chechnya at the moment when the murder was committed. 
{{item.group_date}} 

ARTICLE

This post was originally published on this site 
The Scandal That Shook America 
For the first time since my return to the US in 2000 – and taking into account my ten-year stay in the seventies — I see Americans losing faith in… 
The level of irrationality, confusion, and 'negative energy” is the most astonishing signal emanating from the US presidential elections. This is a… 
What is arguably one of the most influential and far-reaching election in modern history is finally taking place today. The US is tasked with… 
As we have already said many times, the main aspect of this political season is not elections, but war. But if elections do have importance somewhere… 
The chiefs of the Hunkpapa Lakota and Yanktonai Dakota Indians, their people, and others, including Anglo-Americans, Mexican Americans, Asian… 
Andrew Korybko about the results of US elections and Trump's victory 
Hillary Clinton, in a trademark act of cynicism, has decided to cast Russia, it's leader and by extension its people as an enemy of the United States… 
On Sunday, the first round of presidential elections was held in Bulgaria. The turnout exceeded 50%, but none of the candidates received the required… 
Washington made another attempt to escalate the conflict in Syria on Saturday. The consequences may be dramatic: the Syrian-Iraqi crisis is turning… 
The great presidential debate on September 26th, 2016 – set to be the first of three – was the subject of great controversy in the mainstream media…. 
This year is the 15th anniversary of the the events of September 11th, 2001. That morning, New York was faced with the collapse of the World Trade… Related 

ARTICLE


— from Black Agenda Report 
This columnist did not see a Donald Trump victory coming. The degree of disgust directed at an awful candidate was more than I had predicted. Neither the corporate media, nor Wall Street nor the pundits nor the pollsters saw this coming either. Their defeat and proof of their uselessness is total. Those of us who rejected the elite consensus and didn't support Hillary Clinton should be proud. 
Black people are now in fear and in shock when we ought to be spoiling for a fight. All is not lost. Even the victory of the openly bigoted Trump poses an opportunity to right our political ship. Not the electoral ship, the political one. For decades black Americans have been voting for people who have done them wrong. Bill Clinton got rid of public assistance as a right, and undid regulations that kept Wall Street in check. He put black people in jail and yet black people didn't turn on him until he and his wife tried to defeat Obama. But Obama gave us more of the same. Bailouts of Wall Street, interventions and death for people all over the world, and a beat down of black people who still loved him. Despite the fear of Republican victory we end up losing whenever a Democratic presidential candidate wins. 
Victory is ours if we dump the Democrat Party and their black misleaders. The Democrats were so entrenched in their corruption and self-dealing that they didn't see the Bernie Sanders campaign for modest reform as the savior it might have been. Instead they marched in lock step with a woman who was heartily disliked. Sanders went along as the sheep dog who led his flock straight over the cliff. The Democrats inadvertently galvanized people who had stopped participating in the system and who want change from top to bottom. 
One of our biggest problems lies not in facts but in perceptions. What did Democrats do for black people? The Democrats ship living wage jobs off shore in corrupt trade deals like NAFTA and TTP. They don't prosecute killer cops or raise the minimum wage. Trump will be hard pressed to deport more people than Obama did. The list of treachery is very long. 
When Donald Trump asked black people, 'What have you got to lose?” his words were met with derision. But in reality he posed a good question. What do we have to show for years of Democratic votes? Obama bailed out banks, insurance companies, Big Pharma and even Ukraine. But he didn't rebuild Detroit or New Orleans. The water in Flint, Michigan is still poisoned and the prisons are still full. 
The outpouring of love for Barack Obama was purely symbolic. In state after state, black people who gave him victory in 2008 and 2012 stayed home. They loved seeing him and his wife dressed up at state dinners but they were never fully engaged in politics because that is not what Democrats want. The love was phony and void of any political intent. Donald Trump will be president because of that veneer of political activism. 
As for white people who voted for Trump, of course many of them are racists. However they are not without valid complaints. They don't want neoliberalism but black people don't either. They don't want wars around the world and neither do black people. We corrupt our own heritage of radicalism in favor of shallow symbolism. While we slept walk in foolish nostalgia for Obama and cried at the thought of him leaving office, white people kept their hatred of Hillary to themselves or lied to pollsters. They want America to be great again, great for them. White nostalgic yearnings are dangerous for black people, and we must be vigilant. But there may be opportunity in this crisis if we dare to seize it. 
Republicans have been the white people's party for nearly 50 years. Trump just made it more obvious. He didn't tell us anything we didn't already know. We don't have to be the losers in this election. Let us remember what we have achieved in our history. Half of black Americans didn't even have the right to vote in the 1960s yet made earth shattering progress in a short time. But we must understand the source of that progress. It came from struggle and daring to create the crises that always bring about change. 
Yes white people will strut for president Trump but that doesn't mean we must submit as if we are in the Jim Crow days of old. We have ourselves to rely on and we can reclaim our history of fighting for self-determination. The dread of redneck celebration should not be our primary motivation right now. Before we quake in fear at white America we must send the scoundrels packing. 
The black politicians and the Democratic National Committee and the civil rights organizations that don't help the masses must all be kicked to the proverbial curb. The rejection must be complete and blame must be laid squarely at their feet. 
Those of us who voted for the green party ticket of Jill Stein and Ajamu Baraka must stand firmly and proudly for our choice. We must strategize on building a progressive party to replace the Democrats who never help us. We must applaud Julian Assange and Wikileaks for exposing their corruption. There should be no back tracking on the fight to build left wing political power. 
The black people who didn't return to the polls shouldn't be blamed either. Those individuals must have personal introspection that is meaningful and political. Their lack of enthusiasm speaks to Democratic Party and black misleadership incompetence. We should refrain from personal blame and help one another in this process as we fight for justice and peace. 
The end of the duopoly is the first step in liberation. Staying with a party that literally did nothing was a slow and agonizing death. Sometimes shock therapy is needed to improve one's condition. If we don't take the necessary steps to free ourselves this election outcome will be a disaster. Instead, why not bring the disaster to the people who made it happen? The destruction of the Democratic Party and creation of a truly progressive political movement is the only hope for black America. Margaret Kimberley About author Margaret Kimberley's Freedom Rider column appears weekly in BAR. Ms. Kimberley lives in New York City, and can be reached via email at Margaret.Kimberley(at)BlackAgendaReport.Com. Ms. Kimberley' maintains an edifying and frequently updated blog at freedomrider.blogspot.com . More of her work is also available at her Black Agenda Report archive page . Related 

ARTICLE

This post was originally published on this site Vitaly Melnikov 
© Stanislav Krasilnikov/TASS 
MOSCOW. November 11. /TASS/. The International Swimming Federation (FINA) has banned Russian swimmer Vitaly Melnikov for eight years after a repeat violation of anti-doping rules, the web portal Swimswam reported on Friday. 
The swimmer who was earlier suspended for two years had his sample taken on March 29, 2016. The sample tested positive. 
{{item.group_date}} 

ARTICLE

This post was originally published on this site 
almasdarnews.com 
DAMASCUS, SYRIA (3:00 A.M.) – The Houthi forces, backed by the Yemeni Republican Guard, reportedly captured another Saudi military base in the southwestern province of Asir after a fierce battle on Friday night. 
According to the Yemen-based Al-Masirah TV, the Houthi forces and their allies seized the Al-Niswa Military Base after overrunning the Saudi Army's defenses on Friday night. 
Scores of Saudi Army soldiers were reported dead by Al-Masirah TV on Friday, adding to the Kingdom's plight in the war against the Houthi forces and Yemeni Republican Guard. 
In addition to the several military personnel killed, the Saudi Army also lost a huge cache of weapons while fleeing the advancing Houthi forces on Friday. 
ALSO READ Saudi king hopes Trump brings 'stability' to Middle East Related 

ARTICLE

This post was originally published on this site 
southfront.org Donate Photo from the scene by @RedheadNomad/Twitter 
At least one person has been injured in a shooting at an anti-Trump protest in Portland, the United States. 
The incident took place on Morrison Bridge in Portland, police said. 'One person down. Everyone needs to leave the area immediately!” police wrote on Twitter. However, nobody leaved the scene. 
According to Police, the possible suspect in the shooting is an 'African-American male, late teens, 5'8″, thin, wearing black dark hoodie and saggy blue jeans.” 
The violent protest with protesters throwing projectiles at officers and police deploying tear gas is ongoing the third nigh in a row. Thousands of people have been out in the streets across the US since Trump won the 2016 presidential race on November 8, defeating Hillary Clinton. The protests are massively supported by the mainstream media and Soros-linked non-governmental organizations . 
According to aviable information at least part of protesters is paid to participate in the riots ($15-$18 per hour) . 
Some experts believ ethat the ongoing events in the US look similar to the developments in Ukraine in 2014 when 'unknown snipers' shot in the crowd to provoke an additional violence during the protests. 
[embedded content] 

ARTICLE

Politics Top Clinton Adviser: She Didn't 'Contemplate Losing' the White House 
A top campaign adviser to Hillary Clinton said the former Democratic nominee 'really didn't contemplate losing” the presidential election to her opponent Donald Trump. 
The unnamed adviser told People magazine on Wednesday that campaign staff were unsure of what Clinton would do next. – READ MORE Related 

ARTICLE

This post was originally published on this site 
southfront.org Donate 
The Houthi-Saleh Alliance has taken control over several strategic villages in al-Khobeh region, killing tens of Saudi soldiers and destroying their military hardware. 
The Houthi-Saleh Alliance continued its advances in the province of Jizan , located in southern Saudi Arabia, taking full control over several strategic villages in al-Khobeh region, Arabic-language media reported on Saturday, citing a senior Ansarullah Commander, Nasreddin Ameri. 
According to Ameri, tens of Saudi soldiers lost their lives and many more of them fled the battlefield after 12 hours of clashes with fighters of the alliance. He also added that 'six armored Bradly tanks and two Abrams tanks of the Saudi Army were destroyed, while other Saudi military hardware was also set on fire by Yemeni troops.” 
Last week, Saudi Arabia's military bases, located in Assir, Jizan and Najran provinces of the kingdom, were pounded by artillery units of the Houthi-Saleh Alliance. As result, Saudi troops suffered heavy losses. 
According to reports, Yemeni fighters and their allies struck gatherings of the Saudi forces, stationed in the northern part of Midi desert near the village of al-Mousem in Jizan province. The Saudi Mosan military base, located in the southern part of the kingdom, as well as the Manfaz border checkpoint in Assir province were also hit by the alliance. As a result of the attacks, a large number of Saudi soldiers were killed. Two armored vehicles of Saudi military were destroyed by the Houthi-Saleh Alliance near the al-Khazra border checkpoint. All members of the crews were killed. 
Earlier in November, the al-Ahad information website reported that residents of more than 60% of Saudi Arabia's villages, located along the border with Yemen , had been evacuated by the kingdom's border guards. According to commander of the al-Arezeh Border Guards in the province of Jizan, Lieutenant Ali al-Amri, the evacuation was carried out on an order of senior Saudi officials. 
Donate 

ARTICLE

09:01 EST, 12 November 2016 | Updated: 18:54 EST, 12 November 2016 A flotilla of Russian warships is now in the eastern Mediterranean off the Syrian coast after being sent to back up a bombing campaign in support of President Bashar al-Assad. The commander of Russia's flagship Admiral Kuznetsov aircraft carrier, Sergei Artamonov, said via videolink that the ships are now in the 'designated zone… in the eastern Mediterranean' and 'are now jointly carrying out tasks, manoeuvering to the west of the Syrian coast'. The battle group has travelled to Syria from the North Sea through the English Channel in the biggest such naval deployment in recent years as part of Russia's military intervention in Syria. Russian aircraft carrier Admiral Kuznetsov pictured in international waters off the coast of northern Norway last month Russian aircraft carrier Admiral Kuznetsov, pictured in the Englist Channel, is part of the Russian Task Group, which includes the sole the nuclear powered Kirov Class Battlecruiser, Pyotr Velikiy and two Udaloy Class Destroyers, Vice Admiral Kulakov and Severomorsk Russia has been flying a bombing campaign in Syria for the past year in support of President Bashar al-Assad and has deployed a naval contingent to back up its operation. The naval task force has been monitored closely by NATO, whose chief Jens Stoltenberg voiced concern the ships would be used to support the Russian military operation in Syria and 'increase human and civilian suffering.' The ship's commander was speaking to a presenter on Russia-1 television from inside the defence ministry for a news show that will air this evening in Moscow. The Russian warship 'Mirage' passes the Bosphorus strait in Istanbul on its way to Syria He confirmed that aircraft are already taking off from the ship's deck to view the conflict zone. 'Flights are being carried out from the deck… they are working on coordination with the shore port,' he said. 'The flights have been going on practically every day for the last four days,' he added. HMS Richmond observing aircraft carrier Admiral Kuznetsov, which is part of a Russian task group, during transit through the North Sea Russia's Interfax news agency on Friday had cited a Russian military and diplomatic source as saying that Russian MiG and Sukhoi jets have been regularly flying into Syrian airspace from the Kuznetsov to 'determine combat missions.' The Russian television channel also spoke to the commander of the Pyotr Veliky nuclear-powered battle cruiser, which is part of the same flotilla. Asked whether foreign aircraft were flying over the ships, the commander, Vladislav Malakhovsky, said 'they are afraid to come closer than 50 kilometres away, realising very well how powerful the nuclear cruiser is.' – Seeks UN assurances on truces – Russia says it has ceased strikes on rebel-held east Aleppo since October 18 and has also held brief unilateral ceasefires on the ground it calls 'humanitarian pauses.' It has accused the United States-led coalition of failing to persuade rebels to cooperate to allow civilians to leave, as only a few have done so. The Russian defence ministry on Saturday said that it will introduce further 'humanitarian pauses' only on condition that the United Nations humanitarian mission guarantees it is ready and able to organise aid supplies and evacuations. The UN has warned that east Aleppo is now down to its final food supplies and has urged Russia to extend future truces to allow supplies through. Russia said Saturday it is ready to act 'at any time' as long as the UN 'officially confirms its readiness and ability to supply humanitarian aid to Aleppo and evacuate wounded and sick peaceful residents.' It complained that previous assurances from the UN had turned out to be 'just words.' Vehicles carrying humanitarian aid that try to enter the designated humanitarian passages into the city have 'every time' faced 'shooting from the rebel fighters' and have been unable to drive through because of mined roads, the ministry said. Related 

ARTICLE

This post was originally published on this site Two residential private houses and a gas pipeline in the south of the DPR and the west of Donetsk got damaged in shellings carried out by the Ukrainian military, reported today the head of the Petrovsky district administration Maxim Zhukovsky and also the DPR security agencies. 'On Lugovsky Street, 40 in Trudovskiye locality a direct shell-hit set of fire a private house,” said Maxim Zhukovsky. Besides, according to a source in the Republic's security agencies, one more house and a gas pipeline were damaged in Kominternovo village of the Novoazovsky district. Earlier today it was reported that last night the Ukrainian punishers launched 280 artillery projectiles, tank and mortar shells onto the near-front areas of the country. In particular, under the enemy fire there also got Trudovskiye locality in the west of the capital. DONi News Agency 

ARTICLE

This post was originally published on this site DPR special services detained members of the Misanthropic Division group that had claimed responsibility for the murder of the Republic's Hero Arsen Pavlov, DPR Ministry of State Security (MGB) announced. 'On November 11th six active members of Misanthropic Division (MD) were detained in Donetsk in MGB investigative operation. The leaders of MD had claimed responsibility for the murder of legendary Sparta unit commander Arsen Pavlov best known under his nom de guerre Motorola,” MGB press service said. According to the ministry, Misanthropic Division activists maintained contacts with Security Service of Ukraine (SBU) staff members and carried out tasks in the territory of the Donetsk People's Republic. The detainees are being interrogated and provide confession evidence on circumstances of terror and extremist crimes. MGB is now establishing the roles of each participant in the activity aimed at destabilizing of DPR and LPR, guided by first deputy chair of SBU, counter-terrorist center head Colonel General Vitaly Malikov and SBU directorate in Donetsk region head Alexander Kuts. Arsen Pavlov was killed on October, 16th in the blast of an explosive device planted in the hallway of the block of flats in central Donetsk where he lived. Investigation is led by the DPR Ministry of Internal Affairs and the Ministry of State Security. DPR authorities called the blast a terrorist attack. DONi News Agency 

ARTICLE

This post was originally published on this site 
southfront.org Donate 
The Syrian army's Tiger Forces, the Desert Hawks Brigade , Hezbollah, Harakat Hezbollah al-Nujaba, the Syrian Social Nationalist Party (SSNP) and other pro-government groups are reportedly preparing to relaunch offensive operations in multiple fronts inside and outside the Syrian city of Aleppo. The operation will be supported by the Syrian Air Force and the Russian Aerospace Forces from the air and by Russian and Iranian military advisers on the ground. 
[embedded content] 
How the frontlines have evolved in western Aleppo from 27.10.2016 to 11.11.2016: 
The army and its allies, using loud speakers, ordered militants remaining in eastern Aleppo to lay down arms and to surrender. If militants avoid to do this within 24 hours, the government forces will relaunch operations in the area. 
Following the collapse of Jaish al-Fatah's defenses in the al-Assad and Minyan areas of Aleppo city , the army and its allies already achieved some gains in the southern Aleppo countryside, seizing the villages of Kafr Haddad and Khirbat Al-Zuwari. Click to see the full-size map 
The liberation of militant-controlled town of Khan-Tuman will be the strategic goal of military operations in the southern Aleppo countryside. 
Desert Hawks Brigade fighters use the Russian-made Tigr infantry vehicle in Aleppo: Click to see the full-size image 
Mohammed Jaber, commander of the Desterh Hawks Brigade, with alleged Russian advisers in Aleppo city: Mohammed Jaber, commander of Suqur al Sahara, with Russian advisers in Aleppo pic.twitter.com/HFON7YCnly 
— BM-27 Uragan (@bm27_uragan) November 12, 2016 
The video source: 
More about the Desert Hawks Brigade: Click to see the full-size image 
Donate 

ARTICLE

This post was originally published on this site 
On November, 8, 2016, every pissed off white guy and, as it turns out, plenty of pissed off white women, showed up to the polls and voted for the now President-elect of the United States, Donald J. Trump. 
That's right: The Donald – sexual predator, sociopath, disgraced businessman, reality TV star and all around huckster – is now the most powerful man in the world (insofar as any individual can wield power within extremely complex systems and institutions). 
Nevertheless, President Trump now presides over the largest military empire and the richest nation in the history of the world. 
*** 
I was wrong. Hell, almost everyone was wrong, except my Mom, whose street smarts outperformed Nate Silver's algorithms. Looking back, I should've known better and trusted my instincts. After all, I live in Michigan City, Indiana, located in the heart of America's Rust Belt – the region that gave the world President Trump. 
I grew up with Trump supporters. Many of my neighbors are Trump supporters. Most of my father's friends are Trump supporters. And half of my extended family voted for Trump. In many ways, I should be a Trump supporter: I'm White, male, a high school graduate (never finished college) and a Marine Corps veteran. 
Thankfully, I found good books, good music and good drugs at 19 years old. Otherwise, who knows? I could've ended up at a Trump rally, punching protesters and acting like a jackbooted thug. Instead, I find myself firmly planted on the left, wondering how we can reach out to portions of Trump's base. 
*** 
In the age of social media, conspiracy theories and outright falsehoods often drown out rational debate and facts. FoxNews, AM Radio and the Alt-Right media have poisoned the well. In the process, they've bamboozled large segments of White America – both young and old. 
Thanks to alternative news sources such as Breitbart and Alex Jones, tens of millions of Americans are being exposed to a quasi-Libertarian/Alt-Right ideology at a staggering pace. Breaking this web of propaganda will be an enormous task, but a necessary one. Here, existing alternative media outlets will be essential. 
If we're interested in exposing more working class and poor white Americans to leftwing ideas and radical politics, we'll need to write and speak in a way that regular people can understand. In the real world, no one gives a fuck how smart you sound. In fact, I would argue that's one of the reasons some of Trump's supporters resent the MSNBC-Yuppie-Liberal-types: they come off as smug assholes. 
*** 
Speaking of smug assholes, we can thank Rachel Maddow, the New York Times, Washington Post and CNN for Trump's victory. The only thing more precious than their hubris and utter lack of journalistic integrity is their willingness to normalize a sexual predator and neofascist as president. If there's any silver lining to this election, it's that the liberal media has been exposed as the propaganda wing of the DNC. 
Not only did they destroy Bernie's chances (if he ever had any to begin with), they then tried to shove a neoliberal-hawk down our throats. But people didn't buy it, especially black and brown people. 
*** 
As we speak, tends of thousands of Americans are taking to the street to protest Trump and White Supremacy. While I wholeheartedly encourage and support those who are protesting, would Hillary have enjoyed such a reception from the left? Doubtful. 
And where have the protests been for the last eight years of Obama's drone wars and capitulation to Wall Street? Where was the outrage as Obama deported more immigrants in his first four years than Bush deported in his entire eight? 
Yes, let's protest. But let's be more principled and sophisticated than we were during the Bush years. If 2020 or 2024 ends with another Obama, we've failed. In order for this not to happen, we'll need to constantly reexamine what we're doing, and why. 
*** 
And this brings us to Veterans Day, one of the most hollow and absurd holidays in American society. Unless you have stock in Lockheed Martin or Goldman Sachs, there's really no reason to thank me for my 'service.” We destroyed Iraq and killed innocent people. We mutilated dead bodies and tortured prisoners. And we did it all for geopolitical and corporate interests. 
Some studies suggest over 1,000,000 Iraqis have died as a result of America's illegal and immoral war. The war in Iraq has also given the world ISIS. The war in Iraq destabilized an entire region of the planet (something conveniently forgotten by most Americans as they contemplate No Fly Zones in Syria). The war in Iraq has resulted in thousands of veterans suicides (22 a day). More marines from my platoon have killed themselves since returning home than died overseas. 
But vets get to go home, at least most of them. The Iraqis have to live with the legacy of Uncle Sam's madness for the rest of their lives. Everyone had better think about what all of this means as President-Elect Donald J. Trump, a man who openly mocked a Purple Heart recipient and joked about using nuclear weapons, takes office. Related 

ARTICLE

This post was originally published on this site 
MOSCOW, November 14. /TASS/. Head of Russia's State Duma (lower house of parliament) Committee for International Affairs Leonid Slutsky 'really hopes” that US president-elect Donald Trump will adhere to his position on recognizing Crimea as part of Russia that he expressed during the election campaign. 
'As for Trump's position on recognizing Crimea as part of Russia, I really hope he does that,” Slutsky told a press conference in Moscow. 
He pointed out that 'during the election campaign as well as after the election, Trump more than once reiterated his wish to meet with (Russian President Vladimir) Putin and change the US attitude to the Syrian crisis.” 'Let us wait for other statements on strategic matters. I think there may be a statement on the Crimean issue. I wouldn't get too excited but as all the Russian citizens and the Crimeans in particular, I, too, would pin hopes on it,” he added. 
Slutsky believes Trump will 'clarify his position on this matter” in the next few weeks. 
{{item.group_date}} 

ARTICLE

This post was originally published on this site Alexey Ulyukayev 
© Mikhail Metzel/TASS 
MOSCOW, November 15. /TASS/. The Russian Investigative Committee (IC) has detained Economic Development Minister Alexey Ulyukayev, IC spokesperson Svetlana Petrenko told TASS on Tuesday. 
'The circumstances of the crime are connected with Alexey Ulyukayev who holds a government post in the Russian Federation receiving $2 million on November 14 for the positive assessment provided by the Economic Development Ministry that allowed Rosneft to complete the deal on purchasing the government's 50% stake in Bashneft,” Petrenko said. 
'The minister has been detained. Investigators plan to indict Alexey Ulyukayev and petition the measure of restraint soon,” she added. 
The criminal case was opened against Ulyukayev after the Russian Federal Security Service (FSB) completed a series of operational activities. The case was opened by the Russian Investigative Committee's Main investigative department on investigating particularly important cases. 
{{item.group_date}} 

ARTICLE

This post was originally published on this site Rosa Khutor alpine ski resort in Sochi 
© ITAR-TASS/Artur Lebedev 
MOSCOW, November 15. /TASS/. Almost 500 specialists will serve as judges at the 3rd CISM Military World Winter Games that will be held on February 22-28 in Sochi, the Russian Defense Ministry said on Tuesday. 
'The main sports event of 2017 will start in 100 days. The program of competitions and schemes of sports tracks were officially coordinated with national sports federations. Federations also preliminarily approved judging teams in different disciplines and the order of their arrival. The total number of specialists who will judge at the Games will stand at 488 people,” the defense ministry said. 
The defense ministry noted that the Organizing Committee already agreed on facilities that will be used at the Games. 'Competitions will be held in coastal and mountain clusters: Laura biathlon and ski complex (biathlon, cross country skiing, ski orienteering), Rosa Khutor Alpine Resort (Alpine skiing, ski mountaineering), Iceberg Skating Palace (short track) and Bolshoy Ice Dome (rock climbing),” the ministry added. 
The ministry noted that preparations for the Games proceed in accordance with the schedule. 'Our team synchronously develops several spheres in order to hold the most successful World Winter Games in the history of their existence,” the ministry quoted Chief of the Central Sports Army Club Mikhail Baryshev as saying. 
Russian Defense Minister Sergey Shoigu, who heads the Organizing Committee, put forward the idea to hold the Games at Olympic facilities in Sochi. 
Around 2,000 athletes from 40 countries are expected to take part in the Games. Forty-four sets of medals will be up for grabs in individual and team disciplines. The opening ceremony of the 3rd CISM Military World Winter Games will be held on 23 February 2017. 
{{item.group_date}} 

ARTICLE

This post was originally published on this site 
In the week leading up to last Tuesday's election the press was busy writing obituaries for the Republican Party. This continued even after Donald Trump's 'surprising” victory – which, like the 2008 bank-fraud crash, 'nobody could have expected.” The pretense is that Trump saw what no other politician saw: that the economy has not recovered since 2008. 
Democrats still seem amazed that voters are more concerned about economic conditions and resentment against Wall Street (no bankers jailed, few junk mortgages written down). It is a sign of their wrong path that party strategists are holding onto the same identity politics they have used since the 1960s to divide Americans into hyphenated special-interest groups. 
Obviously, the bottom 95 Percent realize that their incomes and net worth have declined, not recovered. National Income and Federal Reserve statistics show that all growth has accrued to just 5 percent of the population. Hillary is said to have spent $1 billion on polling, TV advertising and high-salaried staff members, but managed not to foresee the political reaction to this polarization. She and her coterie ignored economic policy as soon as Bernie was shoved out of the way and his followers all but told to join a third party. Her campaign speech tried to convince voters that they were better off than they were eight years ago. They knew better! 
So the question now is whether Donald Trump will really a maverick and shake up the Republican Party. There seems to be a fight going on for Donald's soul – or at least the personnel he appoints to his cabinet. Thursday and Friday saw corporate lobbyists in the Republican leadership love-bombing him like the Moonies or Hari Krishna cults welcoming a new potential recruit. Will he simply surrender now and pass on the real work of government to the Republican apparatchiks? 
The stock market thinks so! On Wednesday it soared almost by 300 points, and repeated this gain on Thursday, setting a DJIA record! Pharmaceuticals are way up, as higher drug prices loom for Medicaid and Medicare. Stocks of the pipelines and major environmental polluters are soaring, from oil and gas to coal, mining and forestry, expecting U.S. environmental leadership to be as dead under Trump as it was under Obama and his push for the TPP and TTIP (with its fines for any government daring to impose standards that cost these companies money). On the bright side, these 'trade” agreements to enable corporations to block public laws protecting the environment, consumers and society at large are now presumably dead. 
For now, personalities are policy. A problem with this is that anyone who runs for president is in it partly for applause. That was Carter's weak point, leading him to cave into Democratic apparatchiks in 1974. It looks like Trump may be a similar susceptibility. He wants to be loved, and the Republican lobbyists are offering plenty of applause if only he will turn to them and break his campaign promises in the way that Obama did in 2008. It would undo his hope to be a great president and champion of the working class that was his image leading up to November 8. 
The fight for the Democratic Party's future (dare I say 'soul”?) 
In her Wednesday morning post mortem speech, Hillary made a bizarre request for young people (especially young women) to become politically active as Democrats after her own model. What made this so strange is that the Democratic National Committee has done everything it can to discourage millennials from running. There are few young candidates – except for corporate and Wall Street Republicans running as Blue Dog Democrats. The left has not been welcome in the party for a decade – unless it confines itself only to rhetoric and demagogy, not actual content. For Hillary's DNC coterie the problem with millennials is that they are not shills for Wall Street. The treatment of Bernie Sanders is exemplary. The DNC threw down the gauntlet. 
Instead of a love fest within the Democratic Party's ranks, the blame game is burning. The Democrats raised a reported $182 million dollars running up to the election. But when from Russ Feingold in Wisconsin and other candidates in Michigan, Minnesota and Pennsylvania asked for help. Hillary monopolized it all for TV ads, leaving these candidates in the lurch. The election seemed to be all about her, about personality and identity politics, not about the economic issues paramount in most voters' minds. 
Six months ago the polls showed her $1 billion spent on data polling, TV ads and immense staff of sycophants to have been a vast exercise in GIGO. From May to June the Democratic National Committee (DNC) saw polls showing Bernie Sanders beating Trump, but Hillary losing. Did the Democratic leadership really prefer to lose with Hillary than win behind him and his social democratic reformers. 
Hillary doesn't learn. Over the weekend she claimed that her analysis showed that FBI director Comey's reports 'rais[ing] doubts that were groundless, baseless,” stopped her momentum. This was on a par with the New York Times analysis that had showed her with an 84 percent probability of winning last Tuesday. She still hasn't admitted that here analysis was inaccurate. 
What is the Democratic Party's former constituency of labor and progressive reformers to do? Are they to stand by and let the party be captured in Hillary's wake by Robert Rubin's Goldman Sachs-Citigroup gang that backed her and Obama? 
If the party is to be recaptured, now is the moment to move. The 2016 election sounded the death knell for the identity politics. Its aim was to persuade voters not to think of their identity in economic terms, but to think of themselves as women or as racial and ethnic groups first and foremost, not as having common economic interests. This strategy to distract voters from economic policies has obviously failed. 
It did not work with women. In Florida, only 51 percent of white women are estimated to have voted for Hillary. It didn't even work very well in ethnic Hispanic precincts. They too were more concerned about their own job opportunities. 
The ethnic card did work with the blacks (although not so strongly; fewer blacks voted for Hillary than had showed up for Obama). Under the Obama administration for the past eight years, blacks have done worse in terms of income and net worth than any other grouping, according to the Federal Reserve Board's statistics. But black voters were distracted from their economic interests by the Democrats' ethnic-identity politics. 
This election showed that voters have a sense of when they're being lied to. After eight years of Obama's demagogy, pretending to support the people but delivering his constituency to his financial backers on Wall Street. 'Identity politics” has given way to the stronger force of economic distress. Mobilizing identity politics behind a Wall Street program will no longer work. 
If we are indeed experiencing a revival of economic class consciousness, who should lead the fight to clean up the Democratic Party Wall Street leadership? Will it be the Wall Street wing, or can Bernie and perhaps Elizabeth Warren make their move? 
There is only one way to rescue the Democrats from the Clintons and Rubin's gang. That is to save the Democratic Party from being tarred irreversibly as the party of Wall Street and neocon brinkmanship. It is necessary to tell the Clintons and the Rubin gang from Wall Street to leave now . And take Evan Bayh with them. 
The danger of not taking this opportunity to clean out the party now 
The Democratic Party can save itself only by focusing on economic issues – in a way that reverses its neoliberal stance under Obama, and indeed going back to Bill Clinton's pro-Wall Street administration. The Democrats need to do what Britain's Labour Party did by cleaning out Tony Blair's Thatcherites. As Paul Craig Roberts wrote over the weekend: 'Change cannot occur if the displaced ruling class is left intact after a revolution against them. We have proof of this throughout South America. Every revolution by the indigenous people has left unmolested the Spanish ruling class, and every revolution has been overthrown by collusion between the ruling class and Washington.” [1] Otherwise the Democrats will be left as an empty shell. 
Now is the time for Bernie Sanders, Elizabeth Warren and the few other progressives who have not been kept out of office by the DNC to make their move and appointing their own nominees to the DNC. If they fail, the Democratic Party is dead. 
An indication of how hard the present Democratic Party leadership will fight against this change of allegiance is reflected in their long fight against Bernie Sanders and other progressives going back to Dennis Kucinich. The past five days of MoveOn demonstrations sponsored by Hillary's backer George Soros may be an attempt to preempt the expected push by Bernie's supporters, by backing Howard Dean for head of the DNC while organizing groups to be called on for what may be an American 'Maidan Spring.” 
Perhaps some leading Democrats preferred to lose with their Wall Street candidate Hillary than win with a reformer who would have edged them out of their right-wing positions. But the main problem was hubris. Hillary's coterie thought they could make their own reality. They believed that hundreds of millions of dollars of TV and other advertising could sway voters. But eight years of Obama's rescue of Wall Street instead of the economy was enough for most voters to see how deceptive his promises had been. And they distrusted Hillary's pretended embrace of Bernie's opposition to TPP. 
The Rust Belt swing states that shifted away from backing Obama for the last two terms are not racist states. They voted for Obama twice, after all. But seeing his support Wall Street, they had lost faith in her credibility – and were won by Bernie in his primaries against Hillary. 
Donald Trump is thus Obama's legacy. Last week's vote was a backlash. Hillary thought that getting Barack and Michelle Obama to campaign as her surrogates would help, but it turned out to be the kiss of death. Obama egged her on by urging voters to 'save his legacy” by supporting her as his Third Term. But voters did not want his legacy of giveaways to the banks, the pharmaceutical and health-insurance monopolies. 
Most of all, it was Hillary's asking voters to ignore her economic loyalty to Wall Street simply to elect a woman, and her McCarthy-like accusations that Trump was 'Putin's candidate” (duly echoed by Paul Krugman). On Wednesday, Obama's former Ambassador to Russia, Michael McFaul tweeted that 'Putin intervened in our elections and succeeded.” It was as if the Republicans and even the FBI were a kind of fifth column for the KGB. Her receptiveness to cutting back Social Security and steering wage withholding into the stock market did not help – especially her hedge fund campaign contributors. Compulsory health-insurance fees continue to rise for healthy young people rise as the main profit center that Obamacare has offered the health-insurance monopoly. 
The anti-Trump rallies mobilized by George Soros and MoveOn look like a preemptive attempt to capture the potential socialist left for the old Clinton divide-and-conquer strategy. The group was defeated five years ago when it tried to capture Occupy Wall Street to make it part of the Democratic Party. It's attempt to make a comeback right now should be heard as an urgent call to Bernie's supporters and other 'real” Democrats that they need to create an alternative pretty quickly so as not to let 'socialism” be captured by the Soros and his apparatchiks carried over from the Clinton campaign. 
Notes. 
[1] Paul Craig Roberts, 'The Anti-Trump Protesters Are Tools of the Oligarchy,” November 11, 2016. Related 

ARTICLE

This post was originally published on this site 
Update: RUSSIAN PM APPOINTS DEPUTY MINISTER YELIN AS ACTING RUSSIAN ECONOMY MINISTER – IFAX 
* * * 
In an unexpected move, Russian Economy Minister Alexey Ulyukayev was detained Monday on suspicion of taking a $2 million bribe in return for his ministry's support for a major oil company deal, Russia's Investigative Committee said. The minister is in custody and awaiting charges. 
Alexey Ulyukaev 
'The circumstances of the crime are connected with Alexey Ulyukayev, who occupies a public post in the Russian Federation, receiving $2 million on November 14 for the positive assessment provided by the Economic Development Ministry that allowed Rosneft to complete the deal on purchasing the government's 50 percent stake in Bashneft,” Svetlana Petrenko, deputy head of the Investigative Committee, said in an official statement. 
President Vladimir Putin named Ulyukayev, at the time a first deputy governor of Bank of Russia, economy minister in June 2013; it is unclear what prompted his fall from grace. 
The case comes as Rosneft is preparing a mandatory offer to buy out minorities in Bashneft , where it purchased a 50.08 percent stake for 329.69 billion rubles ($5 billion). Rosneft's Oct. 12 purchase from the government was made at a premium to the market, or 3,706.4 rubles for each common share it bought. Bashneft shares closed at 3,480 rubles in Moscow on Nov. 14, or 6.1 percent below the purchase price 
The Bashneft deal, around which the charges against Ulyukayev revolve, is not going to be revised during the probe, Petrenko told RIA Novosti. 
'The necessary investigative actions concerning Ulyukayev are under way,” the Investigative Committee's spokesperson said quoted by RT . Ulyukayev was detained in the act of taking a bribe amid an investigative experiment, Petrenko revealed, as cited by RIA Novosti. 'Ulyukayev was caught red-handed when receiving a bribe,” she said. According to Petrenko, the minister resorted to threats, attempting to extort the money from Rosneft officials. 
The experiment was prompted by evidence law enforcement obtained by wiretapping Ulyukayev's cell phone and those of his entourage, a source told RIA Novosti. Petrenko said that a criminal case has been opened under part 6 of Article 290 of the Russian Criminal Code, which covers 'large-scale bribery.” 
Ulyukayev has been under investigation by Russia's Federal Security Service (FSB) for over a year, a source told RIA Novosti. 
'The minister has been monitored by FSB agents for more than a year. It is unclear if he was suspected from the beginning of what he is accused now, but he has definitely been observed for more than a year,” he said. 
Petrenko told RIA Novosti that the Bashneft deal, around which the charges against Ulyukayev revolve, is not going to be revised during the probe. 'The acquisition of Bashneft stock was made in accordance with the law and is not the subject of a criminal investigation,” she said. 
More details on the arrest from RT: 
Pursuant to Russian law, Ulyukayev faces a maximum penalty of a fine ranging from 80 to 100 times the sum of the bribe. In addition to this, if found guilty, he would be stripped of the right to serve in certain state positions or engage in certain activities for eight to 15 years. 
Alternatively, the law says the suspect may face from eight to 15 years behind bars and a fine of 70 times the sum of the bribe, or would have to serve the prison term without paying monetary compensation. 
Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said the accusations brought against Ulyukayev were 'very serious” and required 'very serious proof.” 
'In any case, only a court can decide,” Peskov said, adding that he did not know if President Vladimir Putin was aware of the minister's arrest. 
In October, Russia's largest oil company, Rosneft, purchased the state-owned stake in a major regional oil company, Bashneft, for about $5.3 billion. The deal was approved by Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev, although back in September, President Vladimir Putin expressed his concerns over the potential takeover of one state-controlled company by another. 
'Probably it's not the best option when one company under state control acquires another purely state company,” Putin said in an interview with Bloomberg. He added however, that the biggest bid would win as Russia 'cannot discriminate against market participants, not a single one of them.” As the deal was finalized, Ulyukayev said there was another competitor to acquire the stake, but Rosneft had outbid that offer. 
It is unclear who Ulyukayev's replacement will be during the criminal proceeding. Related 

ARTICLE


By Peter Koenig , November 15 2016 
The elections may have been rigged, probably by both sides, as the elusive elite, or what's also called the 'Deep State', may be divided. It looks like the better 'rigger' emerged as the winner. The final popular vote count indicates a slight advantage of Hillary over Trump. Never mind, the system was purposefully designed un-democratically in the 18th Century by the Founding Fathers, who never really had the intention to create a truly democratic United States of America of equal rights for all. 
By Tony Cartalucci , November 15 2016 
The so-called 'alternative right” is at least posing as holding its breath over the prospects of Bush-era Neo-Conservative John Bolton being appointed as US Secretary of State. However, with the appointment of Breitbart's Steven Bannon as Chief Strategist and Senior Counselor of the incoming administration of President-elect Donald Trump, Bolton and his Neo-Conservative agenda already has a solid foot in the door. 
By Dr. Binoy Kampmark , November 15 2016 
In an age where many pundits and pollsters ought to be put out to an ignoble pasture, predictions and astrology gazing on the US election continues. While he did have a better sense of this election than most, actually predicting the result, Michael Moore has decided to essentially ignore it except in the negative. 
By Carla Stea , November 15 2016 
NATO's preparation for, and provocation of war with Russia is evident in these UN Security Council meetings. This brinksmanship is a game of 'chicken,” or, perhaps this perilous activity can be more aptly described as NATO's game of 'Russian Roulette” with the lives of all humanity. 
By Ellen Brown , November 15 2016 
Donald Trump was an outsider who boldly stormed the citadel of Washington DC and won. He has promised real change, but his infrastructure plan appears to be just more of the same – privatizing public assets and delivering unearned profits to investors at the expense of the people. He needs to try something new; and for this he could look to Abraham Lincoln, whose bold solution was very similar to one now being considered in Europe: just print the money. Related 

ARTICLE

This post was originally published on this site 
DOHA (Qatar), November 16. /TASS/. Real steps should be taken to restore Russia's anti-doping system, President of the Russian Olympic Committee (ROC) Alexander Zhukov said at a session of the General Assembly of the Association of National Olympic Committees (ANOC) on Wednesday. 
'Our NOC shares the concern over the situation in the anti-doping system,” Zhukov said. 'Let us take practical measures to change the situation for the better and restore the atmosphere of trust and openness.” 
Russia's Investigative Committee has questioned over 50 persons in the anti-doping probe, Zhukov said. 
'Speaking about measures taken in Russia to fight doping, I would like to stress that our steps for restoring the anti-doping system in Russia are consistent and being implemented at all the levels with the full support of the Russian government,” Zhukov told the ANOC General Assembly. 
'Recently, a federal law was adopted to stipulate punishment for encouraging doping. All the people who were involved in doping scandals were disqualified and dismissed. During the investigation of criminal cases related to the breach of anti-doping rules, prosecutors questioned over 50 athletes, representatives of federations and employees of the Sports Ministry,” he said. 
'Already now, a whole number of employees have been dismissed from the Sports Ministry and those organizations that are controlled by it,” Zhukov said. 
Russia's Olympic chief thanked the international sports community for the decision to admit the Russian national team to the 2016 Rio Olympics. 
'The Olympiad in Rio was a great success and we overcame all the obstacles and traversed a difficult road,” Zhukov said. 
'It was not easy for us, especially considering the situation with the possible ban on Russians. I want to express gratitude to the IOC, colleagues and international sports federations for the decision to allow our clean athletes to participate in the Rio Olympics,” Zhukov said. 
The ANOC General Assembly is holding its session in Doha on November 15-16. 
{{item.group_date}} 

ARTICLE

This post was originally published on this site 
Residents in the small Russian town of Ryazan, apparently excited by the election of Donald Trump in the United States, have started a petition to have a street in their town renamed 'Street of Donald Trump.” The petition was started on ' change.org ,” and, among other things, advocates for the name change because 'recently elected U.S. President Donald Trump is a big friend of Russia and is a supporter of traditional values.” 
Per HeatStreet , the petition has already gathered enough support to be officially reviewed by authorities which means residents are well on their way to 'making Ryazan great again.” 
The petition for a Trump Street has turned out to be quite popular. It's gathered enough signatures to be officially reviewed by the authorities. 
'With a street named after Donald Trump we can make Ryazan great again,” said one of the supporters of the petition. 
'I'm signing because I was born in Ryazan and Trump is a great person and will change everything for the better,” said another. 
Here is a loosely translated version of the petition from Google translate: 
Despite the enthusiasm among many, some residents were slightly less supportive of the 'Street of Donald Trump” idea and suggested that the town would end up 'looking like idiots” if Trump imposed sanctions against Russia. 
Some commenters, however, expressed caution: 'You should have waited to see Trump's first moves. What if he will support the sanctions against Russia? You will look like idiots then.” 
Despite the petition's popularity, a city official thinks it's unlikely the street will actually be renamed. 'According to Ryazan city regulations,” the official said, 'the street can be named after a famous person, Russian or foreign, only five years after the death of this person”. 
Meanwhile, here in the U.S., a 15-year-old student at Richard Montgomery High School in Rockville, Maryland had to be rushed to the hospital after being beaten up by 4 other students for wearing a 'Make America Great Again” hat. 
Hundreds of students from Richard Montgomery High School were carrying signs reading, 'Love Trumps Hate,” and chanting near the Rockville courthouse on Maryland Avenue in a protest that began at about 10 a.m. when a 15-year-old boy wearing one of the Trump campaign's 'Make American Great Again” hats was attacked by about four students. 
The group surrounded the teen, punching him repeatedly, then threw him to the ground and kicked him repeatedly in the ribs. 
'They jumped him and beat him up pretty bad,” Max Stucky, a bystander who witnessed the attack, told WTOP. 
The teen, who wasn't seriously hurt, was seen clutching the back of his head in pain. He was helped to his feet by medics and taken to a hospital in an ambulance. 
And still no word from Obama and Clinton on this senseless violence…we're still waiting… Related 

ARTICLE

This post was originally published on this site 
Riots caused by the publication of the report of Thuli Madonsela, a human rights activist, have not stopped in Pretoria, the capital of South Africa… 
Indian-Pakistani relations have hit a new low point after the Uri Attack in Kashmir. Four militants attacked an Indian military base in Kashmir over… 
The latest reports indicate that the SAARC Summit has been either cancelled or postponed, but the below analysis is still relevant in understanding… 
Protests were held yesterday in the cultural capital of the Indian state of Kerala, in the city of Malappuram. The reason of the protests was the… 
Indian and Chinese troops have taken positions against each other at the icy heights of Ladakh. People's Liberation Army personnel entered an area… 
The demonetization of the currency notes of five hundred and a thousand rupees could control wide-scale corruption, counterfeit money, illegal tax… 
There was in a huge blast Shah Noorani shrine near near Hub in Balochistan's Lasbella. About 30 people were killed, and at least 70 wounded. The… 
About 700 troops from seven NATO countries and ten partner countries are participating in this event. 
Indian Prime Minister pays a visit to Japan, where he is planning to meet with Japanese counterpart Shinzo Abe and to sign an agreement, concerning… 
Against the backdrop of deteriorating relations between New Delhi and Beijing, the 'Hand in Hand 2016” Chinese-Indian war games are starting in India. 
In Beijing, the summit on India's membership of the Nuclear Suppliers Group has been held. «Following the meeting in New Delhi on September 13, the… 
Russian diplomacy in the 21st century is characterized by its trademarked balancing and mutually beneficial pragmatism. This pair of traits is… Related 

ARTICLE

This post was originally published on this site 
MOSCOW, November 17. /TASS/. Russian companies won't be able to use the services of LinkedIn to look personnel and business development after Roskomnadzor (the Federal Supervision Agency for Information Technologies and Communications) ruled to block the website, a representative with the company said 
The representative added that LinkedIn is still interested in a meeting with the regulator to discuss the storage of personal data. 
'LinkedIn strives for creation of economic opportunities for workers all over the world. We are receiving messages from Russian users who cannot use their accounts on LinkedIn any longer. The decision of Roskomnadzor to block the service closes the access to the website for millions of our users and companies from Russia that use LinkedIn for the development of their businesses. We are still interested in a meeting with Roskomnadzor so as to discuss the storage of personal data,” the representative of LinkedIn said. 
{{item.group_date}} 

ARTICLE

This post was originally published on this site 
MOSCOW, November 17. /TASS/. The Anti-Doping Administration & Management System (ADAMS) has started to malfunction in the wake of hacker attacks, spokesperson of Russia's Federal Medical and Biological Agency Veronika Loginova told the All-Russian Athlete Forum. 
'Recently ADAMS has frequently been glitching because of hacker attacks,” she said. 'But athletes have an opportunity to report this fact by sending an email to the address available on the WADA and the Russian Anti-Doping Agency (RUSADA) websites. This email will serve as an excuse, if athletes fail to register in the ADAMS system. 
ADAMS is a web-based database management system that coordinates anti-doping activities worldwide under the World Anti-Doping Code. Each athlete has his or her profile containing information on the athlete's whereabouts, doping probes and permission to use various medications. 
Some time ago, the Fancy Bear hacker group hacked the ADAMS database and began to publish documents proving that in the past years some renowned athletes had taken banned substances for medical purposes. A total of six lists were disclosed with 127 athletes from different countries on the lists. The sole Russian athlete mentioned in the documents was boxer Mikhail Aloyan. 
{{item.group_date}} 

ARTICLE

This post was originally published on this site 
John Kirby has been spokesman for the US State Department since May 2015. In the short time he's held the post, he's produced one gaffe and embarrassment after another. Basically, he makes the previous ginger-haired smartass spokesgirl representing the United States, Jen Psaki, look like a genius. (Psaki left State to be Hillary's spokesgirl at the White House, only to find herself in the center of a gaggle of devastated aides as Barack Obama acknowledged Donald Trump as president-elect.) 
In State's latest charade, Kirby callously threw out more tired accusations of Russian aircraft bombing hospitals in Aleppo. The claims came from 'credible relief organizations” — probably State/CIA fronts created precisely for the sole purpose of making such accusations. Probably a lot like the 'Syrian Observatory for Human Rights,” which is still cited by western propagandists even after it was demonstrated to be a western intel op with literally 1 guy sitting in a UK flat making crap up. 
When questioned by RT reporter Gayane Chichakyan to specify which hospitals, Kirby refused, referring to the 'relief organizations.” He then demanded Chichakyan ask 'her” defense ministry to own up to bombing the apparently fictional hospitals. When Kirby was derided by AP's Matt Lee for his treatment of Chichakyan, he blustered, ' I'm not putting Russia Today on the same level with the rest of you. ' 
[embedded content] 
Unable to defend his ludicrous claims, Kirby went ad hominem, attacking RT as 'state owned” – apparently forgetting that BBC, France24, Germany's ARD and ZDF, and many other western broadcasters are state-owned or controlled. 
In summary, the exchange went like this: 
Kirby : Russia has bombed civilian hospitals in Aleppo! 
RT : Which hospitals were bombed? 
Kirby : I don't know, ask your defense ministry. 
RT : If you tell us which ones, we can ask our defense minstry about them. 
Kirby : I don't know which ones, ask the relief agences. 
RT : Which relief agencies? 
Kirby : I don't know which agencies…..and by the way, RT is state-owned! So there! 
Johnny's probably got a short fuse now that he knows his days of spinning out Ministry of Truth tripe are numbered. There is little prospect Donald Trump, who seeks rapprochement with Russia, will retain these useless, lying, neocon trained asshats in his administration. If they actually lied well, that would be a different story. But US diplomats are some of the worst fibbers in the business. Y ou almost have to pity the bastards. Maybe it's because to tell a good lie, you need a least a kernel of truth. They have literally zero facts on their side to work with. 
Altogether one more pitiful, pathetic performance by the US Department of State, and another disgrace to the United States. And, we hope, while looking forward to the next US administration with guarded optimism, one of the last. Related 

ARTICLE

This post was originally published on this site 
About a hundred activists from the Ukrainian nationalist 'Svoboda” party and several public organizations, on 17.11.16 in Kiev picketed the building of the constitutional court of Ukraine, which hosted a hearing on the fate of the 'language law of Kivalov-Kolesnichenko” . 
Protesters held posters saying: 
'We will speak in Ukrainian so that Russia does not 'defend' Russian-speakers” 
'Don't arrange yourself for someone else's language in your own country” 
'Russian language is the weapon of Moscow, don't speak in Imperial!” 
'The law on language Putin-Kivalov – in the trash!” 
'One language, One nation! One Ukraine!” 
'A United Ukraine, where there is only one national language” 
'Oust russifiers from state posts” 
'Let's put an end to Russification!” 
'Down with Moscow's written law of Kivalov-Kolesnichenko” 
'Only the evil enemies of Ukraine support Moscow language, Russian world, war!” 
'Let's defend the Ukrainian language, it'll be a native state” 
Deputies and public figures addressed those who gathered. 
'There, where there is the Russian language, there are occupiers,” said the Deputy of the Kiev City Council from 'Svoboda” Igor Miroshnichenko” in his speech. 'There, where there is Russian language, there are separatists and the 'Russian world', which the enemy with weapons comes to defend. There are no allusions that Moskals can trample our land. That's why it is necessary to do everything to make on our land Russian-speakers to disappear, like 'dew in the sun'. 
Russian language in Ukraine can only be in one status, it should be superfluous. It clings to our children like garbage – in schools, on the street, on television, in the media. That's why it is necessary to do everything to throw this garbage out of our house. 
Russian language is needed in order to interrogate the occupiers. Russian language is needed in order to understand the intentions of the enemy. It is those who work in the security services who must possess it. Unfortunately, in our special services the Russian language is used.” 
T he Deputy compared the condition of the Ukrainian language in Ukraine and, in particular, the quota for Ukrainian content on radio and television, with a ghetto. 'While it's Russian language that we must drive into the ghetto, Russian songs. I want for them such ghettos in Ukraine that they were creating centuries back for us in their land. We don't want to create ghettos in their house. You want to sing in Russian – go to Moscow”, he said. 
Another Kiev Deputy from 'Svoboda” Yury Sirotyuk demand the President not to be busy with his chocolate factory in Lipetsk, but with national security – a key issue of which is language. Writer Larisa Nitsoy described her fight against the Russian language in the school where her child in studying. Copyright © 2016. All Rights Reserved. Related 

ARTICLE

This post was originally published on this site 
Perhaps you've read about how the Hillary Clinton campaign had a strategy to elevate Donald Trump to the status of what they called a Pied Piper candidate. Rather than the Pied Piper, however, it seems that Trump is closer to another fictional figure. Portrayed by the media for years as a wizard of business, like the media-amplified conman in the L. Frank Baum classic, Trump (as both Clinton and Margaret Atwood have recently pointed out) is more like the Wizard of Oz. 
If Trump is the Wizard, however, who is Hillary? The Wicked Witch? Rather than reproducing sexist cliches, perhaps it's more fair to cast Clintonism, the Democratic Party, or neoliberalism in toto, as the Witch. And the witch is dead. Ding dong. And (though less visible than the daily anti-Trump demonstrations breaking out across the country) throughout the land the little people are celebrating. 
They're celebrating because the ideology that ushered in and maintained wars in Afghanistan, Iraq, Libya, and elsewhere, outsourced jobs, spread unemployment and precarious work along with trade deals like NAFTA seems to have been finally put to rest. The crime bills, the surveillance state, the bailouts of banks, the mass incarceration, the austerity and privatization, the stagnation of wages, accompanied by increases in student loan and consumer debt – all capped off by the insult of Obamacare (aka Romneycare), which has done much to enrich the wealthy and further impoverish the little people – all this, it seems, has been halted. But, as in Oz, things are rarely as they appear. And while the Munchkins – and Mnuchins – and others are exulting in the political death of Clintonism, many more see little to celebrate, and much to dread. For though the Witch may be dead, and the staving off of war with Russia and the killing of the TPP are victories for the little people of the planet, the enemy of one's enemy isn't necessarily one's friend. The promises of further deregulation, school privatization, environmental degradation, and tax cuts for the rich made by Trump are hardly victories for the little people, and neither are the racist and xenophobic policies of the Alt-Right (aka white nationalism) taking over the Executive Branch of the United States government. Marking a fundamental departure from post-War norms, the explicitly racist – and implicitly genocidal – goals of Trump and Co. augur persecution, repression, and catastrophe. 
Hyperbole you say? Exaggeration?Many will no doubt respond that people have been crying wolf for years about anti-semitism and racism. Anyone sufficiently critical of Israel's policies toward Palestinians, for instance, is labeled and libeled as an anti-Semite. Even Jews who are critical of Israel, like Noam Chomsky, are branded this way. As such, it's entirely understandable that people should be skeptical about reports concerning the anti-Semitism and racism of Donald Trump and his inner-circle. And yet, there's a profound difference between honest skepticism and dishonest skepticism; and anyone who examines Trump's history will see that he has practiced various forms of racist discrimination and scapegoating for decades. Among others, Trump's chief strategist supports anti-Semites and racists. And the only problem that Jeff Sessions, Trump's pick for Attorney General, has with the KKK is that some of them smoke pot. (Moreover, let's not fail to recall the fact that the point of the story of the boy who cried wolf is that the wolf did eventually come.) 
Whether wolf or wizard, Trump's history of discrimination is not only old news, it sheds much light on his appointment of Stephen Bannon as his chief strategist. Bannon's tenure at Breitbart (an Alt-Right, i.e. white nationalist organization) led to stories promoting the most stereotypically racist tropes against women, blacks, Jews, Muslims, Mexicans, and others. And now this proponent of Alt-Right/white supremacy is in charge of strategizing the implementation of policies that include the deportation of millions of immigrants, and banning Muslims – longstanding white nationalist goals of forcible deportation that don't merely violate basic principles of religious tolerance and respect for human rights; they violate the 1st Amendment, the 4th Amendment, the 14th Amendment, and others. In other words, Trump's policies baldly contradict the executive's oath to uphold the constitution. With Trump, such contradictions abound. 
Trump says, for instance, that he won't undermine rights recently attained by gays and lesbians. That's settled law, he says, referring to the Court's recent recognition of marriage equality. It's been decided by the Supreme Court, he announces. In the next breath, however, he promises to overturn Roe v Wade, which was also settled by the Supreme Court. It's even more well-settled. These contradictions hardly cancel one another out. 
His invective against Muslims, immigrants, and others has already incited violence, emboldening many to attack blacks, Muslims, Latinos, Jews, and other scapegoats. Displacing the generalized anxieties and violence of the capitalist system, hundreds of such attacks have been reported since the election. 
This isn't, of course, to suggest that Trump won the election solely because of racism, or that his supporters are mostly racists and sexists, as Clinton and her supporters contend. As many have pointed out, Trump won states – like Ohio, Pennsylvania, and Florida – that Obama won just a few years ago. His success is attributable to the fact that people were disgusted by the historically unlikable Hillary Clinton and her poverty-spreading neoliberal politics. 
Like the Wizard of Oz, an illusion projected onto a screen, the con man (who just settled a fraud suit stemming from his phony university for $25 million) fooled a nation. No one's really sure what he thinks. Trickery and spectacle, he mesmerized the media for months and months with his outrageousness – his ridiculous hair distracting people the way the lure-like growths on the heads of anglerfish fool their prey. Spouting outlandish statements, he cast his spell. And the plutocrat Hillary and her ideologically-blinded cohorts, believing (like George W. Bush apropos Iraq) that victory would be a cakewalk, stumbled into defeat. 
In spite of her arrogant stupidity, however (her cheating, her contempt for the constituency she needed to win, her choice of Tim Kaine for VP, etc.), we shouldn't overlook the fact that Trump only won because of an undemocratic technicality. Though he prevailed in the electoral college, he lost the popular vote. As such, though Trump may enjoy a legal victory, his wasn't a moral one. In many respects his victory is entirely immoral – stemming both from his pledges to promote torture, and other crimes, as well as from the US Constitution's anti-democratic electoral college. Like the Constitution in general, the electoral college was designed to minimize popular rule by aggrandizing the power of a minority of plantation owners. (Concerned that the North was growing more populous than the South, and that popular elections would diminish their power, slaveowners ratified the Constitution only because it included the electoral system, which counted slaves as 3/5 of a person for the sake of apportioning representatives and electors, and thereby heightened their power and secured their privileges.) 
Had this institution been extricated from the USA's legal structure, well, it's hard to imagine that things would be less undemocratic today. As it stands, though, the electoral college illustrates the degree to which the USA remains little more than an insufficiently-reformed slave state. And here we are, like Dorothy, wondering how to get home. 
Dorothy, of course, was not alone in Oz. She was aided by, among others, the Scarecrow. Too dumb to recognize that capitalism and democracy are antithetical, is the Scarecrow Paul Krugman? Or is it Nate Silver, and other pollsters, who unwittingly abetted the despised celebrity billionaire's victory (and the equally despised former Secretary of State's defeat)? 
One thing's for sure, if Trump is the Wizard, and the Democratic Party is the Witch, then Bernie Sanders – who turned on his supporters and supported Clinton – is the Cowardly Lion. And yet, the Cowardly Lion would ultimately develop courage. So, maybe there's still hope for Bernie. As opposed to many Democrats suggesting we give Trump a chance, Sanders has been speaking out against his repressive designs. 
Praised by recently hostile Republicans (and by that other notorious wizard, the former Grand Wizard of the KKK, David Duke), Trump has also had a friendly meeting with Obama since winning. It seems the last thing Obama wants is to undermine the peaceful transition of power (even if it's the power of a white supremacist state – which, after all, the USA has been for most of its history). 
Notwithstanding the thoroughly racist history of the US, however, it is still more than a little alarming to see white supremacists preparing to set up shop in the White House. And it must prompt us to wonder: what will happen if the system fails to constrain Donald Trump? Thanks to Bush and Obama, Republicans and Democrats, he has an unprecedentedly powerful national security state at his command. And, on the other hand, what if the system succeeds, and prevents Trump from pursuing his infrastructure-building project, his trade re-negotiations, and his easing of relations with Russia, which frighten the military-industrial complex and other aspects of the system more than the more xenophobic aspects of his agenda? 
If Trump is constrained from pursuing his plans, then what? It isn't difficult to imagine Trump continuing Obama's policy of mass deportation. Unlike Obama, though, who's successfully hidden his policy of deporting millions from the public, one can easily see Trump taking credit for this, satisfying some of his base this way. And let's not forget, though Trump raises fears about creating registries for Muslims, to some degree registry databases for Muslims already exist. No fly lists are just one part of this. And police surveillance of Muslim communities, in mosques and schools, has been widely known and tolerated since 9/11. Trump could simply continue these as well. 
All of which is to say, as repression in Standing Rock and other places continues and a deteriorating environment, toothless climate accords, and unabated economic inequality demonstrate, for most people conditions are already intolerable. Even if Trump is prevented from following through on his promises of ethnically cleansing the US, Trump's position concerning global warming has genocidal implications of its own. Promising to only intensify the poverty, insecurity, violence, and ecological degradation produced by a political-economic system that's based on the exploitation of the planet and its people, Trump, and the system that produced him, must both be stopped. 
Of course, an opposition that merely aims to stop Trump will at best succeed in slowing him down. To prevail, an opposition must forcefully push in the opposite direction – toward universal health care, toward an expansion of the public realm as opposed to privatization, toward an aggressive prioritization of rights to water, housing, education, healthy food, a clean environment, and other requirements for human and environmental health, over the demands of profit. And, like other rights are said to be, these rights must be inalienable – not for sale – beyond the market. This should be the goal, the creation of an actually democratic system – an economic as well as a political democracy. 
Beyond rhetoric, for an opposition to prevail it must not simply proclaim that Trump is “not my president.” It must recognize that Trump (and the system itself) lacks legitimacy. This is not simply because Trump's opponent obtained over a million more votes than he did, but because Trump promises to violate the very principles that (however much they've fallen short historically) justify the United States' existence in the first place. 
Beyond Trump, however, the biophagous political-economic system that enabled him to attain so much power must be rejected as well. As the ancient legal maxim has it, the health of the people should be the supreme law. And, because the current global system has spread, and is designed to continue to spread, conditions of disease throughout the world, the entire system is in breach. Related 

ARTICLE

This post was originally published on this site 
southfront.org Loading the player… 
This analysis originally appeared in December 2015 
Recent days and weeks have seen several news items pertaining to the future state of the Russian nuclear triad. The scope of modernization plans suggests the role Russia's strategic nuclear forces are to play as of Russia's security foreign policy. 
The scale of Russian strategic nuclear modernization is impressive. President Putin recently attended the laying down of Aleksandr III, the seventh Borey-class ballistic missile submarine out of eight planned which carry 16 multi-warhead Bulava SLBMs each. Three of these ships are already in service, the whole series is to become operational by 2020. It was also announced that the first PAK-DA heavy bomber flight is to take place in 2020, with the aircraft becoming operational by 2025. In the interim, Russia's Long-Range Aviation will receive several squadrons of Tu-160M2 bombers, whose production is expected to resume in the upcoming years. The Sarmat heavy ICBM research and development has been recently declared complete, and the missile will begin launch testing in 2016 or 2017. The missile's unique capabilities include the ability to strike any target on the planet using multiple possible trajectories, for example, it could be used to strike North America not only by flying over the North Pole, but also using an alternative trajectory over the South Pole which would render US ABM systems irrelevant. The construction of Voronezh-DM over-the-horizon ballistic missile attack early warning radars is continuing. Finally, the Russian General Staff announced the development of a system allowing strategic ballistic missiles to be retargeted following launch, which thus far was impossible to do because once the target selection was completed prior to launch there was no way to alter it once the missile was in flight. 
This brief outline of current developments shows that Russia is pursuing a sophisticated strategy of deterrence. The comparatively small and uniform French, Russian, and Chinese nuclear arsenals are capable of deterring only one threat, namely a nuclear attack on their national territory. The variety of capabilities inherent in Russia's triad means that its national leadership has a range of responses at its disposal and can use its capabilities to deter not only nuclear attacks against its territory but also conventional attacks against its military targets, including outside of Russia's borders. 
Syria is an example of what these capabilities mean for Russia. It is no accident that Putin's request to raise the strategic nuclear force readiness level to 95% came when he instructed the General Staff to destroy any potential threat to Russian aircraft or ground facilities in Syria. The Russian military presence in Syria is not large enough to guarantee survival against a concerted NATO attack. Fifty aircraft located at a single airbase, even one protected by the S-400, are still vulnerable due to their exposed location and lack of strategic depth. Russian conventional forces could not easily come to Hmeimim's aid in the event of it being attacked by NATO forces. What makes Hmeimim secure from attack is the credible and flexible deterrence posture. 
What makes that deterrence both credible and flexible is the variety and modernity of Russia's delivery vehicle force which is not limited to having to launch a multi-warhead ICBM or SLBM, and which can penetrate all current or planned defenses. The credibility of Russia's nuclear deterrent is strengthened by the existence of a powerful conventional deterrent in the form of Kalibr and Kh-101 cruise missiles. The use of these missiles against ISIS targets was likely motivated to dissuade any countries hostile to Russia's presence in Syria because it demonstrated Russia could use these weapons to retaliate against any attack on Hmeimim. The target state would then have to choose between backing down or escalating, thus risking a nuclear exchange with Russia. If Russia simply had an ICBM and SLBM force, Hmeimim would be a much more tempting target because an ICBM launch would be disproportionate response to the attack. Russia's strategic force modernization plans indicate that its leadership anticipates Syria-like scenarios in the years to come. 
Donate 

ARTICLE

This post was originally published on this site – Advertisement – 
From Nation of Change 
Trump's unexpected election has created political space for a new agenda . 
There is a critical lesson to learn from this election: People will only take so much before they rise up and fight back. This voter revolt has been brewing for a while. If the Democrats had possessed the capacity to be self-critical, they would have seen it coming, but I suspect that despite the growing unrest they thought they had everything under control. The party has been getting away with manipulation of the debates and primaries, control of the commercial media, empty promises of a better future and blaming everyone but themselves for decades. That era of hubris is over. The election of Trump was not because people like him; it was a revolt against the Democratic Party, represented this year by Clinton. It had little to do with her being a woman and everything to do with her representing the political elites who serve Wall Street interests instead of the people. – Advertisement – The Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) played a major role. Workers in states where manufacturing jobs were moved out of the country felt betrayed by President Obama and didn't trust Clinton's new, weak opposition to the TPP, especially after the Democratic National Committee defeated Sanders' anti-TPP amendment and his campaign. Sanders and WikiLeaks further exposed the Democrat's fake populism and corruption. 
Unfortunately, the election of Trump, who was perceived as 'the outsider,” will unleash even worse policies than Clinton would have enacted, with the exception perhaps of foreign policy. Clinton's support for a no-fly zone over Syria would have heightened tension with Russia and increased the risk of a major war. Trump says he'll work things out with Russia. Members of the international peace community are relieved. 
Early indications of the Trump agenda, however, signal lower taxes for the wealthy and corporations and greater military spending, which will likely trigger greater austerity measures for the rest of us. He intends to weaken the less-than-adequate current measures in place to mitigate the climate crisis. Trump's plans for health care are disastrous. Opening the sale of health insurance across state lines may lower prices but at the expense of coverage. Block grants for Medicaid mean states will sacrifice coverage in times of economic stress. 
Trump's unexpected election has created political space for a new agenda. This is a critical moment when the people must continue their revolt by defining the agenda to create an economy that works for everyone, achieve universal health care, end systemic racism, protect the planet, stop wars and more. Now more than ever, we must be clear about the solutions we want such as taxing wealth, improved Medicare for all, jobs with living wages, and a clean energy economy by 2030. 
The largest movement of movements against rigged corporate trade deals just stopped the TPP. This is a victory of the people over transnational corporations. Let's build on that victory by continuing to rise up and put an end to plutocracy. 
In the words of the recently deceased Leonard Cohen, 'Democracy is coming to the USA.” 
[embedded content] 

ARTICLE


Twitter: @ batchelorshow 
What Does Trump Make of Russia in Crimea Criminal or Innocent Bystander? @paulr_gregory, @hooverinst. 
Russia's hasty withdrawal from the ICC is explained by the fact that Russia's carefully constructed Ukrainian narrative would not survive the ICC's promised 'detailed factual and legal analysis” that was to follow its preliminary findings. 
nextpage 
The Russia narrative depicts Russia as a 'bystander” to the events in Ukraine, looking askance as neo-Nazi extremists take over Kiev and threaten frightened Crimeans and East Ukrainians with genocide. The Russian narrative praises the pro-Russian people of Crimea for organizing their own annexation and the endangered East Ukrainians as the people's republics organized armed volunteers to fight off the extremist rapists and crucifiers sent by the illegal Kiev junta. Russia, of course, could not prevent patriotic Russian fighters from volunteering for duty on the Ukrainian field of battle, some during their vacation leaves. Russian soldiers killed or captured in Ukraine had, after all, signed papers separating themselves from the Russian army. As an innocent bystander, Russia has earned a place as a peacemaker in the Minsk negotiations, but claims it has limited influence over the separatist forces. The Russian narrative claims that innocent bystander Russia wants a prosperous and peaceful Ukraine on its borders but with the peoples' republics having a veto over Ukraine's foreign policy. The narrative does not state that such an arrangement would spell the end of an independent Ukraine. 

ARTICLE

This post was originally published on this site 
© Mikhail Metzel/TASS 
KIEV, November 22. /TASS/. The Russian servicemen detained on the border with Crimea are the former servicemen of Ukraine's army accused of breaking the military oath, Ukraine's Defense Ministry spokesman on the Donbass military operation Alexander Motuzyanik said on Tuesday. 
'We don't know on what purpose these persons crossed the administrative border. They were detained on the territory controlled by Ukraine and it was found out that these are the former servicemen of Ukraine's Armed Forces who failed to comply with the respective directive and did not leave Crimea,” the spokesman said. 
'So they broke the military oath and there are the respective criminal proceedings against them,” he said, adding that the detention took place as part of Ukraine's current legislation. 
Russia's Defense Ministry said late on Monday that the Ukrainian Security Service officers had illegally detained Russian contract servicemen in Crimea at about 13:00 Moscow time (10:00 GMT) on November 20 and took them to Ukraine's Nikolayev Region. 
The ministry said further that according to available data, the Ukrainian special services were attempting to fabricate a criminal case against Alexander Baranov and Maxim Odintsov for allegedly committed crimes against Ukraine. 
Russia's Defense Ministry does not rule out that psychological and physical pressure will be exerted on the Russian servicemen to obtain necessary confessionary evidence from them. 
This information was confirmed earlier on Tuesday by a representative of the Russian Black Sea Fleet. 'Officers of the Ukrainian Security Service used substitute persons to entice warrant officer Maxim Odintsov and contract service junior sergeant Alexander Baranov into the Dzhankoi checkpoint allegedly for giving them attested documents of receiving higher education at Ukrainian higher educational institutions,” the fleet's representative said. 
Shortly after Odintsov and Baranov left Russia's territory, the servicemen were detained by representatives of the Ukrainian Security Service and brought to Ukraine's Nikolayev Region, he added. 
Russia's Foreign Ministry has come up with a statement that Ukrainian special services have made a provocation against Russian citizens on the territory of Russia by abducting two servicemen in Crimea.”We believe this was an unlawful provocation made by Ukraine's special services on the territory of Russia against Russian citizens. Our law-enforcement agencies are dealing with this issue,” Sergey Lavrov said. 
Russia's human rights commissioner Tatyana Moskalkova plans to send a request to her Ukrainian counterpart Valeriya Lutkovskaya on Tuesday asking her to assist in releasing the two Russian servicemen. 
{{item.group_date}} 

ARTICLE

This post was originally published on this site 
sott.net/news 
A black, female Bowling Green State University student allegedly fabricated a hate crime story about white, male President-Elect Donald Trump supporters attacking her on campus and is now being charged for faking a police report. 
The day after Trump's presidential victory, Eleesha Long told Bowling Green police that she had been attacked by three men wearing Trump gear who 'began to throw rocks” at her , according to ABC13. 
Long took to her Facebook page to share the story, describing in detail what each Trump supporter was wearing and giving a description of as to where the alleged hate crime had occurred, but never actually called the police. 
Long's Facebook post went viral and her father notified law enforcement after he said he was not able to get in touch with her . Local detectives took Long into police headquarters and asked her to share details of the described hate crime. 
Long reportedly began telling police multiple stories about the incident, to include changing the location of the alleged incident. 
'Several times the complainant changed her story about what happened, where it happened, and when it happened,” Lt. Dan Mancuso told ABC13. 
Afterward, the police got a warrant for Long's Facebook and Verizon cell phone history, proving that she was not where she claimed she was at the time of the alleged attack . 
'Based on that information, it proved that she was not in the location that of when she said it occurred,” Lt. Mancuso said. 
Police investigators said Long's cell phone history included discriminatory remarks towards Trump supporters that she had sent to her boyfriend and mother. 
In one text message, Long said about Trump supporters 'should take an IQ test to vote,” while a couple other messages said 'I hope they all get AIDS” and 'I haven't met a decent Trump supporter yet.” 
Long is now being charged for falsifying a police report and obstructing official business, which she will have to appear in court for. Related 

ARTICLE

This post was originally published on this site 
A screenshot from 'An Open Secret,” a 2015 documentary about pedophilia in the entertainment industry . 
I've got some good news and some bad news. 
Let's start with the bad news: this is one of those unpleasant, disturbing articles that I sometimes write here at CDP. It deals with a topic that I wish didn't exist to be reported. But reality is what it is, so we might as well face it head-on. 
Which brings me to the good news: 'The truth shall set you free.” 
That teaching is, of course, from Jesus, found in the Gospel of Sty. John, and it is the torch that we will carry to brave the dark tunnels ahead. As bad as it is, the good news is that dragging perversion and corruption into the light is the only way to destroy them, and the only way to set others free from the corrupt. 
In any case, here is what we know so far about 'Twittergate,” according to a recent post by NorthCrane.com : 
Several Twitter users [earlier this week] were reporting child pornography accounts and sending them to 0hour, an active member of Anonymous. The Anonymous user, @0hour , was retweeting them and tagging Twitter, FBI and Disney. The YouTube user, notsafeforjerk, is providing up-to-date reports on #Twittergate . 
Just some of the Twitter accounts exposed for posting child-sex content 
[embedded content] 
I can't understand this man's accent well at all, but your mileage may vary. 
Not surprisingly, a few hours later, '0hour got his account suspended”–and it's not the first time his account has been suspended–yet, very disturbingly, 'many of the child pornography accounts remained active, despite the child pornography being publicly displayed on the Twitter accounts.” 
No comment. 
I know of one Twitter user whose account has been banned 11 times (and counting) in the last few weeks, and once three times in the same day, because he consistently tweets about the Podesta pedo ring, #pizzagate , spirit cooking, the Clinton Foundation's human trafficking baggage, and so on. (He is able to restore his account almost immediately, however, because he uses Keybase, which, provides proof of his identity so Twitter readmits him under a different handle/name.) 
At this point, the Twitter gods are either malicious for allowing such content to remain public, or too apathetic and incompetent to do anything about it, which, in terms of public harm, is just as bad. 
The North Crane article ends on this note: 'As more people become involved in the manhunt, the scope of horror increases.” 
Sadly, this is truer than the author might have realized. 
Hold fast to those torches, dear readers; we're going farther down the tunnel. 
+ + + 
The reason Twitter may be 'asleep at the wheel” during this #Twittergate storm is that Twitter's CEO, Jack Dorsey, may very well be involved in the pedophilia underworld inhabited by the rich, the famous, and the powerful in Obama's America. 
The 'blueprint” for the esoteric 'spirit cooking” rituals that were exposed in the weeks before election day is Marina Abramovic's 1996 cookbook of the same name. **** 
Ten years later, Dorsey gave a nod to the ritual in this tweet : 
Making 'pasta” and 'Satanic” allusions are key elements/codes in Spirit Cooking. 
As the replies indicate, this tweet was unearthed within the last day, and has a disturbing significance in light of the larger Podesta ring. 
At this point, a natural objection is to shrug this off as a weird possible aspect of one CEO's life. 
Unfortunately, Dorsey's strange affinity for the pedo world belongs of a larger context. The 2015 documentary An Open Secret was directed by Amy Berg, and 'exposes how pedophiles operate in Hollywood and cover up their crimes.” In addition, Berg's 2006 documentary on the Catholic Church's cover-up of pedophilia/pederasty, Deliver Us from Evil , was nominated for an Oscar. 
The Hollywood Reporter has described the film as 'A sober look at…the sexual exploitation of teenage boys in the entertainment industry by the older men who can make or break their careers…. [W]ith any luck it will encourage other victims to speak up, and enlighten the parents of showbiz aspirants about the industry's dangers.” 
Several journalists are included in the film. One journalist said his story documenting the sexual crimes committed by top Hollywood figures was censored. 
Berg said she could not find any company willing to distribute her film until Rocky Mountain Pictures, the distributor behind such ground-breaking conservative-oriented documentaries as Obama 2016 , stepped up to release An Open Secret in various cities this summer. 
The film identifies a pedophile ring led by a convicted sex offender named Marc Collins-Rector, who had ties to the rich and famous in Hollywood. Collins-Rector established an Internet-based TV company called Digital Entertainment Network (DEN). 
Bad news: this is real. 
Good news: they can't hide anymore. 
One blogger hit the nail on the head when he says that for years conservatives, 
have tried to argue why their positions on a given issue were better than the liberal positions pushed by the entertainment industry. … But to be persuaded about the whole sweep of their criticisms, you'd have to evaluate every argument….. 
A far more efficient use of time, money, and energy is not to attack all the myriad weirdnesses that Hollywood produces, but to attack the source from which they spring . If what produced them is rotten, polluted, and corrupted, the average person is willing to believe that the fruits themselves are rotten, polluted, and corrupted. 
As such, he argues, the DoJ under President Trump ought to attack the Hollywood perverts and 'blow the lid off of a similar culture of pedophilia among the DC Establishment insiders.” Because even if our culture is growing more and more tolerant of degradation and immorality, 'there's still one taboo left that everyone recoils in disgust at, and it's pedophilia.” 
More good news: The truth shall set you free–to fight the darkness. 
Share this article to inform and encourage your friends and family! Related 

ARTICLE

This post was originally published on this site 
A Syrian soldier is treated at a hospital in a government-held area of Aleppo on October 30, 2016, following a militant chemical attack in the city. (Photos by AFP) 
The Hague-based agency responsible for eliminating chemical weapons has warned that Daesh terrorists returning from Syria could carry out chemical attacks involving mustard gas as they have been taught how to use the toxic agent. 
The Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons (OPCW) issued the warning on Wednesday amid reports of Daesh chemical raids in Syria. 
'It seems that one of the dangers that we need to face and have a response for – since Daesh has learnt how to make mustard gas – is that sadly one of the people who learnt how to do it comes back to one of our countries and helps carry out an attack like this,” Philippe Denier, the director at the verification division of the OPCW, told a defense conference in Paris. 
Earlier this month, Syria called for an OPCW investigation into the use of chemical agents by terrorists against civilians in the country's battered city of Aleppo. 
The request came a few days after Russian Defense Ministry spokesman Major General Igor Konashenkov said that the ministry's experts had uncovered ordnance and fragments of munitions containing chlorine and white phosphorus in Aleppo. 
The discovery proved that foreign-backed militants had used chemical weapons against civilians and Syrian army soldiers, he noted. 
In a statement on Tuesday, the OPCW announced that Russia had offered to provide samples linked to chemical weapons use in Aleppo. 
The samples 'may be of use in the ongoing work of the OPCW fact-finding mission,” which is investigating allegations of chemical attacks in Syria, the watchdog added. 
Last month, a 13-month international inquiry led by the OPCW and the United Nations concluded that Daesh militants had used mustard gas in Syria. Related 

ARTICLE

This post was originally published on this site 
sott.net/news 
© Shannon Stapleton / Reuters 
Moscow-based Institute of Oriental Studies under the Russian Academy of Sciences (IVRAN) presented a devastating report about the lies of the Western mainstream media about Syria. 
But this damning report is not getting the attention it deserves by the mainstream media in the West. However, that shouldn't come as a surprise. There are many facts in the Institute's report that would make sensations in the EU and the US, had they unmasked the Russian, and not the Western, media falsifications. 
In a similar situation, there was a whole media frenzy in the US and EU media in 2014, when a Russian television channel released an interview with a woman refugee from the rebellious Eastern Ukraine, who provided the unconfirmed report about a local boy being crucified by Ukrainian government troops. Meanwhile, in its report, IVRAN proved much cruder, intentional falsifications on the side of the Western media reports about Syria. 
For example, IVRAN's report proves the falsity of a news item published in Britain's The Daily Express on October 1, 2015, at the very start of Russian air forces' operation against terrorists in Syria on an invitation from the Syrian government. 
The report said that 'a Russian air strike on Thursday destroyed a mosque in the town of Jisr Al Shughour, which was taken from government forces by Islamist insurgents earlier this year.” Having studied the photos of the area, made from the planes on October 29, 2015, the researchers from Institute of Oriental Studies proved beyond any reasonable doubt that the mosque in Jisr Al Shughour remained intact in the end of the month, i.e. it had been intact during all of October, 2015. The Russian specialists on Arab studies from IVRAN say they proved that The Daily Express simply provided unverified information from the local opposition activists. 
Unfortunately, the information on Jisr Al Shughour's bombing was also cited by London-based The Daily Telegraph, as well as other British and global media. 
The Institute for oriental Studies made an important observation. Accusing Russia of not bombing the so called Islamic State (ISIL) and thus not damaging the Islamist terrorists' infrastructure, the Western mainstream media has not been providing its readers adequate information on OTHER, non-ISIL Islamist groups in the area, some of them no less dangerous than the ISIL. For example, The Daily Telegraph reported on that same day that 'Russians continued their aerial bombardment on Thursday, targets included Jisr al-Shughour and Jabal al-Zawiya, areas under the control of Jaish al-Fatah, the Army of Conquest, an alliance of Islamist groups which have won significant victories against the regime this year.” 
So, reporting from the same area, The Telegraph actually names the groups which Express called rather vaguely 'Islamist insurgents.” These were actually very dangerous terrorist groups of pseudo-Islamic character: Jaish al-Fatakh and the Army of Conquest. They are often cited as terrorist groups by international human rights organizations, some of their members are accused of mistreating the people who work in human rights' groups. 
Will you report our findings? 
When the director of the Institute for Oriental Studies, Vitaly Naumkin, was presenting the findings of his colleagues at the press center of Rossiya Segodnya information agency, he was asked a question by a journalist from the Syrian official agency, Sana. 'Will the Western media publish what you found or will they keep reporting the same stuff about Syria…?” Naumkin, who had just been asked a question on his Institute's report by a female correspondent of The Financial Times, readdressed Sana's question to her. 
'There is so much news today, and I am not yet in my office,” FT's Kathrin Hille answered. 'So, I am not sure we shall report on your findings.” 
'I know you won't,” professor Naumkin noted, smiling bitterly. 
According to Naumkin, Russia's policy in Syria has become a target of a deliberate disinformation attack from the Western media, especially after the presence of Russia's air force near Damascus was unveiled in September 2015. 
'Why is the Western media attacking us so bitterly?” Naumkin asked rhetorically during his press conference. 'Because the process of national reconciliation is under way in Syria. And this process is Russia's main purpose in that area, on the par only with the imperative of damaging or, better, destroying the so called Islamic State. So, the Western media indeed don't want Russia to achieve its aim, misrepresenting our countries priorities as 'support for the regime' or 'a proxy war against the Western interests.'” 
Mainstream media's self-exposure 
In their report, the experts of Naumkin's Institute for Oriental Studies noted that some of the Western myths about the civil war in Syria are debunked by the Western media itself – in its rare moments of truth. 
For example, at the beginning of the civil war in 2011, the Western media kept saying there were no terrorists among the anti-Assad opposition fighters and that the opposition force was home-grown, not including foreign mercenaries. But already, on August 8, 2013, The New York Times , Anne Barnard and Eric Schmitt, reported from the ISIL's zone of operations that 'the jihadist groups in Syria now include more than 6,000 foreigners.” 
The NYT also reported then that the areas controlled by the Syrian opposition and previously described as 'liberated” by the Western mainstream media, 'may be developing into one of the biggest terrorist threats in the world today” (in fact, they were in the final stages of becoming ISIL-controlled territories). 
Jeffrey Sachs, a prominent US economist and world-known mentor of the Russian liberal reformer Yegor Gaidar, wrote already in September 2013 on the Western governments' pursuit of a violent overthrow of Syria's President Assad: 'Without their involvement, Assad's regime would most likely have remained repressive; with their involvement, Syria has become a site of mass death and destruction.” 
The ever-changing David Ignatius, of The Washington Post , back in 2012 penned an article headlined 'Syria's Eerie Parallel to 1980s Afghanistan.' In it, Ignatius wrote certain truths which The Washington Post is now trying to make its readers forget: 'In Syria, as in Afghanistan, CIA officers are operating… helping Sunni insurgents improve their command and control and engaging in other activities (!). Weapons are coming from third parties (in Afghanistan, they came mostly from China and Egypt; in Syria, they are mainly brought from the black market). And finally, the major financier for both insurgencies has been Saudi Arabia.” 
Does one need to remind the reader how the US-backed insurgents in Afghanistan ultimately turned their weapons against the very people who procured them? 
Mr. Ignatius writes about this development in his own article in The Washington Post : 'This CIA-backed victory [in Afghanistan] opened the way for decades of chaos and and jihadist extremism that are still menacing Afghanistan, its neighbors and even the United States.” 
Having read Ignatius, one listens with special attention to the warning of Professor Vitaly Naumkin, who concludes his presentation with the following statement: 'We are in fact in the same trench with the West, facing the same global threat of terrorism. The problem is that the Western leaders are simply too slow to understand this.” 
One could not put it better. 
Dmitry Babich was born in Moscow, in 1970. He has worked for various media outlets for 25 years, including The Moscow News and RIA Novosti news agency. He is currently working as a political analyst at Sputnik International, and is a frequent guest on BBC, Al Jazeera, CNN commenting on international affairs and history. Related 

ARTICLE

This post was originally published on this site 
sott.net/news 
A meeting of the contact group on the settlement of the Ukrainian crisis is going to be held today in Minsk. 
Steinmeier's formula 
The primary issue of this meeting is going to be the consideration of Steinmeier's formula, which determines a special status for Donetsk and Lugansk and, after the publication of the election results in these regions, potential transfer to self-government. Moreover, the officials of these republics say that, without agreement on this matter, it is impossible to solve any other problems. 
Meanwhile, Kiev is delaying decision-making on this issue. The talks are going very slowly and unproductively. 
Provocations 
In addition, Kiev is continuing provocations against Russia. Despite the fact that Russia is not a party to the conflict and does not participate in these talks, Kiev's provocations negatively affect the credibility of Ukraine and do not help the course of the group's work. 
Just recently, Kiev sent several groups of spies and saboteurs to Russia and kidnapped two Russian citizens. Now they are being detained with the possibility of ransom, which suggests that all of this was started for the sole purpose of at least slightly improving Ukraine's deplorable financial condition. 
The neutral territory 
During his visit to Moscow yesterday, President of Belarus Alexander Lukashenko said that Belarus was a neutral party and would not support any of the conflict's sides, despite the fact that Kiev has really done everything possible to foment bad relations with all of its neighbors, including even its traditional anti-Russian ally – Poland. 
The incident with the Belarusian aircraft, when Ukraine threatened to raise fighters against a passenger liner flying from Kiev to Minsk, did nothing good for the international image of Poroshenko, nor for Ukrainian-Belarusian relations, which until recently were considered to be even closer than relations between Minsk and Moscow. 
Expectations 
All of these facts suggest that no high expectations should be held for the meeting. Most likely, Kiev will once again delay the solution of fundamental problems, confining itself to blackmail over prisoners of the DPR and the LPR. Perhaps some contract clauses will be agreed upon, but no more should be expected. Related 

ARTICLE

This post was originally published on this site 
sott.net/news 
© Natalia Kolesnikova / Reuters 
Russian President Vladimir Putin has commented on the recent win of France's Francois Fillon in the first round of the center-right party's presidential primary, saying that his 'personal relations” with Fillon have shown the politician to be a 'decent man.” 
'We worked together with Francois when he headed the French government, and I chaired the [Russian] government … we had a lot of meetings, and have developed certain personal relations, very kind ones,” Putin told reporters on Wednesday. 
The French presidential hopeful, whose convincing win in the Sunday primary took many by surprise, is 'very much different” from world politicians, Putin said. 
Having characterized Fillon as a 'closed up, non-public” person 'at first sight,” the Russian leader said that his possible French counterpart 'can be very tough in standing up for his point of view.” 
'He's a tough negotiator,” Putin said, adding that Fillon is 'certainly an ultimate professional, and a decent man.” 
The Russian president also pointed out that although he had no experience of working with Fillon's rival in the Republican party, another ex-prime minister Alain Juppe, he 'welcomes” both candidates' rhetoric with regards to Russia. 
Saying that both Fillon and Juppe have mentioned their plans 'to restore Russian-French relations on a full scale,” Putin said that Moscow would facilitate the process on its part. 
After Francois Fillon, who served as prime minister in Nicolas Sarkozy's government from 2007 until 2012, won the first primary, French media labeled the unexpected presidential hopeful as 'Vladimir Putin's friend.” Citing the two politicians' meetings on previous occasions, the media said the French politician 'advocated a conciliatory position towards the Russia of Vladimir Putin” and compared his victory to the outcome of the recent presidential elections in the US. 
After France's ex-president Nicolas Sarkozy was thrown out of the race to be the French conservative nominee, he said he would back Fillon in the runoff. On November 27, Francois Fillon will face Alain Juppe in the Republicans' second primary, which is widely believed to produce France's next president in May elections. Related 

ARTICLE

This post was originally published on this site 
A new museum dedicated to the writer Mikhail Bulgakov soon will open at 35a Bolshaya Pirogovskaya Street in Moscow, near the Sportivnaya and Frunzenskaya metro stations. The decision to use the apartment as a museum was made in December 2015, and a small exhibition was held in the space in May. 
'Small and very intimate, [the exhibition] was only put on for 10 days. We brought a first edition of The Master and Margarita and a few important bits of paraphernalia. It was an announcement of the future of this space as a museum,” Peter Mansilla-Cruz, the director of the museum, told RBTH. 
Bulgakov lived in this apartment in the 1920s and 1930s and it is where he wrote his best-known work, The Master and Margarita . The novel recently was part of Google's online reading project. 
'The house where Bulgakov lived and worked is a memorial to our cultural heritage,” said Mansilla-Cruz, 'behind its façade is a 19 th century mansion, which was rebuilt and reconstructed from top to bottom in the Soviet period. The apartment was occupied by yard and district services, and by lifters at the Housing Department, so it is suitably well-worn. It has been redesigned inside – the arch which led into his famous office has been re-laid with brick.” 
Bulgakov described the apartment in another of his works, Heart of a Dog . 
From the exhibition 'Manuscripts don't burn” at Bolshaya Pirogovkaya St., 35A. Source: Moskva Agency 
The development of the museum's concept and the restoration will continue into 2017, but Mansilla-Cruz says that the place will become a memorial space furnished with Bulgakov's desk and other artifacts. 'Luckily, many of his photos from that time have been preserved, so all the details can be restored.” 
Moscow is already home to the State Bulgakov Museum. It is located near metro Mayakovskaya at 10 Bolshaya Sadovaya Street, the address at which Woland (Satan) and his entourage lived in The Master and Margarita . The museum organizes tours around Moscow featuring sites connected to Bulgakov. Related 

ARTICLE

This post was originally published on this site Vyacheslav Volodin 
© Mikhail Metzel/TASS 
ST. PETERSBURG, November 24. /TASS/. The Parliamentary Assembly of the Collective Security Treaty Organization (CSTO PA) elected speaker of Russia's State Duma (lower house of parliament) Vyacheslv Volodin the assembly's chairman at its 9th plenary session on Thursday, a TASS correspondent reported. The decision was taken unanimously. 
Earlier in the day, the CSTO PA Council recommended to elect Volodin its chairman. His candidacy was proposed by speaker of Kazakhstan's Majilis (lower house of parliament), Nurlan Nigmatulin. 
{{item.group_date}} 

ARTICLE

This post was originally published on this site 
First, it appeared to be a fluke: this summer the Ukronazi regime sent a small terrorist unit into Crimea tasked with blowing up several targets in the Crimea (see here for details). They were arrested by the Russian security services. In November, another two saboteurs were caught by the FSB (see here ). And now something really remarkable happened. The Ukronazi security service kidnapped two Russian citizens in broad daylight and accused them of being 'deserters”. Turns out that the two kidnapped men are Maksim Odintsov and Alexander Baranov and that both of them are junior servicemen in the Russian military (ensign and junior sergeant). Apparently, what happened is this: Odintsov and Baranov used to serve in the Ukrainian military (at least that is what the SBU claims), but when Crimea, where Odintsov and Baranov live, returned to Russia they did what tens of thousands of other Ukrainian servicemen did – they joined the Russian military. The two were lured to the neutral zone between Crimea and the Ukraine by men who promised them that they could give them diplomas proving that they had a higher education from Ukrainian institutions. You can watch this video to see what actually happened next (no translation needed): 
[embedded content] 
The video also shows one of the two men, with a superb shiner on his face, admitting that he had served in the Ukrainian military and that he is guilty of treason. What is remarkable here is that the Ukronazis kidnapped these two men in broad daylight in an location which was clearly under video monitoring, and that they then showed one of the hostages with a clear sign of the beating he received. No matter how incompetent the SBU is, they are not so incompetent as to not realize the fantastically provocative nature of their actions. This was an absolutely deliberate provocation whose goal was to get some kind of Russian reaction, either in Crimea or somewhere else. 
What were they really hoping for? 
Probably for some kind of Russian reaction which would reach across the border: some kind of attack on the Ukrainian border post, or maybe an artillery strike. Maybe even an attempt to free the two men, or even a retaliatory counter-kidnapping. What they knew is that any Russian reaction across the border would have been met by a hysterical chorus of outrage from the western political leaders and their corporate media. 
For the time being, the (hideously slowly clumsy and poorly updated) website of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs had nothing to say. The (marginally better) website of the President of Russia offered this reaction : 
Question : Mr President, I want to clarify the situation with the Russian military service personnel detained by the Ukrainians. What measures are you taking? 
Vladimir Putin : I cannot say anything about these measures yet and can say only what we know at present, which is that these military servicemen formerly served in the Ukrainian armed forces and, after Crimea's reunification with Russia, decided to serve in the Russian armed forces. 
In this respect, let me say first of all that we have always had great respect for and trust in Ukrainian military service personnel, and therefore proposed that they continue their service in our ranks. 
Second, they wanted to obtain confirmation of education at one of Ukraine's higher education establishments, and this was why they went to the border. They were lured a few metres further and detained. 
I think this kind of treachery will ultimately turn against those who carry out such acts. This is the same kind of thing as switching off the power supply to Crimea in winter and just before New Year. If people in Ukraine think they can win Crimea residents' sympathy this way, this amounts to an attack using inappropriate means, to use legal language. 
In other words: other than issuing a verbal condemnation, Russia will not react in any dramatic manner. This is, of course, the correct decision, especially now that Trump is hopefully going to replace the Neocons with some patriotically minded and mentally sane officials. But there is also an inherent risk in this Russian stance: it invites the Ukronazis to further escalate their provocations. 
Consider this: while the junta in Kiev has been constantly shelling the Donbass, the Kremlin did nothing to stop it. When top Novorussian officials, such as Motorola, were murdered by somebody hired by the junta, the Russians again did nothing. Nor did the Moscow retaliate when the Ukronazis sent saboteurs into Crimea. What I fear is that next the Ukronazis will combine these two provocations into one and attack Crimea directly, either by lobbing a mortar shell directly across the border or even with an artillery attack upon a town in northern Crimea. 
While from a military point of view a Russian response is a no-brainer, from the political point of view this might be much harder. Imagine this: 
The SBU hides one single artillery piece in a town just north of the Crimean-Ukrainian border and then begins to shell, at night, of course, Russian military positions or town, in northern Crimea. Several Russian soldiers or civilians are killed, more are wounded. The Russian counter-battery radars will immediately and easily detect the location from which these attacks came, but we all know since the MH-17 that Russian radar recordings are considered worthless by the western corporate media. And if the Russian counter-strike hits a town, this will be presented as yet another aggression against the 'sovereign and free Ukraine”. The Russians all remember how on 08.08.08 it was Russia, not Georgia, which was declared the aggressor and how when months later the investigative committees of the EU declared that, well, no, it was actually the Georgians who attacked the Russian peacekeepers nobody in the West paid any attention to this. The reality is that the otherwise weak, militarily incompetent, Ukraine holds the 'escalation dominance” over Russia, especially in Crimea. Yes, on every rung of the escalatory ladder Russia is vastly more capable and powerful than the Ukraine, but it is the Ukraine which can chose on which rung of the escalatory ladder it chooses to engage Russia. Sounds paradoxical? 
ORDER IT NOW 
That is because, as I have been repeating for years now, the purpose of the regime in Kiev is not to win an unwinnable conflict against Russia, but only to draw Russia into the Ukraine. Russia should have escalation dominance over the Ukraine, but in reality it is Ukraine which will get to chose at which rung of the escalation ladder Russia will be forced to react. This is a typical case where ' the action is in the reaction ”. 
And let's be honest, with the US Neocons out of power very soon, at least temporarily, the junta in Kiev has absolutely nothing to lose from a direct, blatant, attack on Russia. Think of it: the EU and NATO leaders in Europe are absolutely horrified by the Trump victory and they are desperate for a crisis, any crisis, which would give them a meaning, a sense of purpose, a justification before the European public opinion. As for the Americans, Trump will only become President on January 20 th , that leaves them enough time to react to any crisis, even an artificial one, in such a manner as to preempt any attempts by the new administration to improve relations with Russia. 
Sure looks to me like the Neocons, the EU/NATO comprador elites and the Ukronazis in Kiev all have exactly the same interests: trigger a crisis before Trump is sworn in. 
In the meantime, the Minister of Culture of the Ukraine has declared that the people of the Donbass a 'genetically unfit” to accept the Ukrainian culture (does anybody still wonder why I call this regime 'Ukronazi” and not 'Ukrainian”?) while the European Parliament has declared that the EU is in a state of 'informational war” with Russia and that the EU needs to 'respond” to the Russian attack. 
As for Latvia , Lithuania and Estonia are all preparing for an imminent Russian invasion. As for the Poles, they are busy exhuming the body of Lech Kaczynski in the hope to prove that Russian shot down his aircraft in 2010. 
The next couple of months will be very dangerous indeed. Related 

ARTICLE

This post was originally published on this site Russia calls on Western countries to persuade Ukraine to carry out its obligations as part of the Minsk settlement process, the Russian Foreign Ministry said Friday in remarks announcing preparations for four-way talks next week. 'Russia sees its task in encouraging Western partners who have influence on the leadership of Ukraine to urge Kiev to strictly follow the obligations assumed in the framework of the Minsk process,” the ministry said. The ministry said it was preparing for Normandy format talks in the Belarusian capital of Minsk next Tuesday, November 29, after receiving an invitation from Germany and France. DONi News Agency 

ARTICLE

This post was originally published on this site 
MOSCOW, November 25. /TASS/. At least six Russian athletes are suspected of bribing officials of the International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF) for concealing positive doping samples, the German TV Channel ARD reported on Friday, citing investigation materials of the Paris Prosecutor's Office. 
The Paris Prosecutor's Office has opened a probe into the suspicions of financial fraud at the world's athletics governing body in 2014. According to the data received by ARD from the probe's materials, IAAF representatives demanded from 300,000 euros to 700,000 euros from six Russian athletes for not disclosing the data on their positive doping samples. 
The ARD footage also notes that former head of the All-Russian Athletics Federation (ARAF) Valentin Balakhnichev was an intermediary in the corruption schemes of former IAAF President Lamine Diack: about 1.5 million euros passed hands through the ARAF ex-chief. 
Diack has denied his complicity in the doping cover-up scandal, saying he would have never demanded any money from athletes. Nonetheless, as the TV channel says, the six Russians are not the sole athletes who are forced to give bribes. About 23 athletes are mentioned in the probe, ARD said. 
According to the TV Channel, the World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA) may also be involved in the doping cover-up scandal. WADA Chief Craig Reedie earlier asserted he had never heard about any cases of extortion inside the IAAF. However, in the autumn of 2014, the WADA sent a letter to the IAAF Ethics Commission with information on suspected doping samples of Russian athletes, and also about its suspicions of the athletes' possible blackmailing by the IAAF. Despite this, the world's anti-doping body took no efforts to open a probe into this information. 
{{item.group_date}} 

ARTICLE

This post was originally published on this site 
Having soared to fresh 13 year highs in a quiet overnight session on thin liquidity due to the US Thanksgiving holiday, which sent the USDJPY just shy of 114 and the Yuan to 6.96, the dollar pared back its weekly advance with modest profit taking after traders wondered if the rally has gotten 'too stretched.” European shares were fractionally higher, with Asian stocks and US equity futures rising and both the Dow Jones and the S&P set for new all time highs. Oil followed the USD lower, down fractionally ahead of next week's OPEC meeting where negotiations now focus on whether non-OPEC led by Russia nations will cut or freeze. 
With the US offline yesterday, American markets are set for another early close on Black Friday: U.S. equity markets close at 1pm, bond markets close at 2pm. 
The Bloomberg Dollar Spot Index fell from the highest level in more than a decade, while emerging-market currencies clawed back gains after India's rupee and Turkey's lira fell to record lows on Thursday. U.S. equity-index futures signaled stocks will edge higher as trading resumes following the Thanksgiving holiday. European shares were little changed, oil pared a weekly gain and Treasuries fell. 
The recurring story every day since Trump's election is that as a result of the upcoming debt-funded fiscal stimulus, inflation is poised to jump which in turn has fueled a surge in bets on Federal Reserve rate hikes, propelling the greenback higher against all but two of it peers this month. Traders see an increase in borrowing costs in December as a certainty, while the odds of additional moves by June have risen to more than 60 percent, according to futures data tracked by Bloomberg . 
As shown virtually every day on these pages, the 'Trumpflation” bet on global reflation has sent the USD soaring, while slamming EM currencies, fading the prospect of future rate cuts by these economies, while industrial metals like copper continue to soar. 
Expectations of rises in U.S. inflation and interest rates have driven the greenback to a gain of more than 6 percent in October and November combined, its strongest performance over a similar period since its rally in early 2015 . Most investors expect those gains to continue, but a combination of the Thanksgiving break in the United States, market participants' need to process corporate flows at the end of the month and a raft of risks in the first half of December all speak for cashing in some of those gains now. 
'The dollar bull run had perhaps become a little stretched,” said Lee Hardman, a currency strategist at Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ Ltd. in London. 'We've had a very strong run since the election and it's just a bit of a pull back.” 
It is Black Friday in the US, and the National Retail Federation projects that about 137.4 million consumers will make purchases in stores or online over the four-day weekend that starts on Thanksgiving, marking the kickoff to the holiday shopping season. U.S. retail spending is expected to rise 3.6% to $655.8 billion in November and December, the Washington-based NRF estimates. Retailers are poised to take full advantage of the Thanksgiving holiday period, now known by some as Black Week, which accounts for about 15 percent of holiday spending, according to the trade group. However, the amount Americans have spent has declined in the last three years, slipping 26 percent from 2013 to an average of $299.60 per person last year, according to the trade group, so there are risks. 
This holiday season is expected be better for retailers with unemployment, gasoline prices and inflation low, while wages, home values and the stock market continue to rise. Companies such as Kohl's Corp., Gap Inc. and Barnes & Noble Inc. have said the U.S. presidential election was a major cause of consumers' recent reluctance to open their wallets. With the outcome settled, they're expecting the dollars to finally flow. 'We've had some, we believe, pent-up demand — just based on the economics of our consumer,” J.C. Penney Co. Chief Executive Officer Marvin Ellison said in an interview this month. 'We're anticipating we'll see pent-up demand released, and it being post-election will only help that.” 
As the following chart of retail stock performance shows, the market is as optimistic as the retailers coming into Black Friday. 
The MSCI world equity index, which tracks shares in 46 countries, was up 0.2% in early European trading and headed to close the week around 1 percent higher. In Asia, MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan added 0.7 percent. European equities were steady in morning business, with a rally in defensive sectors such as healthcare and utilities offsetting weaker banking and commodities stocks. The pan-European STOXX 600 index was unchanged, on track for a third straight week of gains. 
European shares have gained 4.5 percent since Donald Trump's surprise victory in this month's U.S. presidential election. 'It looks as if the market is taking a breather after a good run. The market view is that Trump is going to spend more and will shield the U.S. more so that we get higher inflation and higher domestic growth,” Ronny Claeys, senior strategist at KBC Asset Management, said. ' The market has reacted positively on Trump, but this could change as his policies are vague at this stage. Investors will react more on his policy details ” Claeys added cited by Reuters . Emerging-market shares are poised for the first weekly increase in more than a month, led by commodity and energy producers. 
In rates, U.S. yields gapped higher at the open, rising as high as 2.411%, 'but have been unable to hold those gains and that has encouraged some profit-taking,” said Jeremy Stretch, head of currency strategy at CIBC in London, and the 10Y was last trading at 2.37%. 'There is a degree of consolidation (but) there is still a consistent bias that means the dollar will remain pretty much supported into the Fed meeting next month. The message seems to be to take some profit and we will be looking to go again.” 
In the European bond market, short-dated German government bond yields set a new record low and were on track for their biggest two-week fall in more than three years, highlighting demand for top-rated assets. Demand for German debt for use as collateral for short-term lending in repo markets has helped drive two-year bond yields lower this week . Jitters ahead of an Italian referendum on Dec. 4 has also bolstered demand for German bonds, regarded as among the safest assets in the world. Rates on 10-year German bunds fell two basis points on Friday to 0.24%. Yields on 40-year Japan government bonds slid five basis points to 0.715 percent, reversing an earlier climb after an auction of the debt saw 499.7 billion yen ($4.4 billion) of securities sold at a highest yield of 0.725 percent. 'The 40 year bonds were well received in the auction, triggering a bout of bond buying,” said Masahiko Sato, an analyst at Nomura Holdings Inc. in Tokyo. 
* * * 
Bulletin Headline Summary from RanSquawk Price action in Europe thus far has been muted amid ongoing holiday-thinned conditions and a lack of notable newsflow A day of profit taking and position adjustment, while month end (real money) flow is also starting to kick in with the USD rally taking another pause Looking ahead, highlights include UK GDP and US Services PMI. Note there are also early US closures today for yesterday's Thanksgiving Holiday 
Market snapshot S&P 500 futures up 0.2% to 2205 Stoxx 600 up less than 0.1% to 342 FTSE 100 down less than 0.1% to 6828 DAX up less than 0.1% to 10690 German 10Yr yield down 2bps to 0.24% Italian 10Yr yield down less than 1bp to 2.12% Spanish 10Yr yield down 2bps to 1.57% S&P GSCI Index down 0.3% to 370.2 MSCI Asia Pacific up 0.6% to 136 Nikkei 225 up 0.3% to 18381 Hang Seng up 0.5% to 22723 Shanghai Composite up 0.6% to 3262 S&P/ASX 200 up 0.4% to 5508 US 10-yr yield up 2bps to 2.37% Dollar Index down 0.26% to 101.44 WTI Crude futures down 0.7% to $47.63 Brent Futures down 1% to $48.53 Gold spot up 0.3% to $1,188 Silver spot up 0.9% to $16.44 
Global Headline News J&J Said to Make Takeover Approach for Drugmaker Actelion: Actelion shares soar by most in more than 2 years; deliberations said to be at early stage after initial offer Amazon Said in Talks to Buy Dubai's Souq.com in $1b Deal: no final decisions have been made, talks could still falter; MidEast e-commerce site initially planned to sell a stake Black Friday Merchants See Americans Exhaling After Election: with uncertainty gone, stores see consumers poised to spend; Thanksgiving weekend accounts for 15% of holiday sales Holiday Price War Intensifies as Wal-Mart, Target Pursue Amazon: brick-and-mortar chains offering bigger discounts than in 2015 U.S. Boosts Refiners' 2017 Biofuel Quotas to Record Levels: EPA mandates above levels the agency proposed in May Chevron to Pick Winner of Indonesian Geothermal Bid in Dec./Jan.: co. reviewing bids from 5 companies, including Marubeni, Pertamina Trump Expected to Pick Ross for Commerce Job, Person Says: President-elect Trump is expected to nominate as secretary of commerce investor Wilbur Ross OPEC's Last Push for Oil Deal Shifts Focus to Iran, Russia: Algerian minister to meet his counterpart in Tehran Saturday GoDaddy Said in Exclusive Talks to Buy Host Europe: Reuters KKR Said to Partner With Arrow Pharma for INova Bid: AFR Samsung Bioepis Nasdaq IPO May Be Delayed: Maeil Business U.S. equity markets close at 1pm, bond markets close at 2pm 
In Asia, stock markets traded mostly positive, although gains were reserved after a small lead from Wall St. where US participants were absent due to Thanksgiving holiday. Nikkei 225 (+0.3%) traded choppy throughout the session with the index driven by JPY fluctuations, while ASX 200 (+0.4%) was also higher despite upside being limited by weakness in gold. Hang Seng (+0.5%) conformed to the positive tone while Shanghai Comp (+0.6%) initially lagged amid quiet news flow and after the PBoC reduced its weekly net liquidity injection by around 90% from the prior week. 10yr JGBs were initially pressured amid gains in riskier assets and as yields rose alongside their US counterparts. However, JGBs then recovered from their lows in the wake of a firmer 40yr auction leading to outperformance in the super-long end and curve flattening. PBoC injected CNY 120bIn in 7-day reverse repos, CNY 70bIn in 14-day reverse repos, CNY 25b1n in 28-day reverse repos for a weekly net injection of CNY 40bIn vs. last week's CNY 425b1n net injection. 
Japan reported its latest consumer price data, which met or beat most expectations: Japanese National CPI (Oct) Y/Y 0.1% vs. Exp. 0.0% (Prey. -0.5%) Japanese National CPI Ex. Food (Oct) Y/Y -0.4% vs. Exp. -0.4% (Prey. -0.5%) Japanese Tokyo CPI (Nov) Y/Y 0.5% vs. Exp. 0.2% (Prey. 0.1%) Japanese Tokyo CPI Ex-Food (Nov) Y/Y -0.4% vs. Exp. -0.4% (Prey. -0.4%). 
Top Asian News Macquarie, ANZ to Pay $11 Million Over Malaysia Rates Probe: Australian banks admit attempted cartel conduct in 2011 In Asia Currency-Reserve Checkup, Two Countries Come Out on Top: IMF gauge shows Thailand, Philippines offer resilience China Bad-Loan Disposal No Easy Task With Slowdown, Survey Shows: Only 4% of bad-loan managers find it easy to dispose of NPLs JAL Plans First Post-Bankruptcy Bond to Fund Airbus Purchases: Airline plans to sell about 20 billion yen of notes next month Angry Soldiers Another Headache for Modi Amid Rupee Note Crisis: Suspected suicide of voluntary reservist highlights concerns 
In Europe, as expected, given yesterday's US thanksgiving holiday, newsflow and price action has been light today. European equities trade flat, with Actellion higher by almost 10% amid talk of a potential merger, with Shire touted as a bidder. To the downside, Banca Monte Paschi traders got their usual morning break as Co. shares were halted limit down once again, this time as a consequence of the EUR 5bIn capital raising. Fixed income and commodity markets have been equally dull, with Bunds marginally higher today amid light volumes and little to drive price action. The energy complex has seen modest softness as all eyes focus on next week's OPEC meeting, with participants becoming somewhat saturated with comments from the different nations in the build up. 
Top European News U.K. Economy Shows No Sign of Brexit Effect as Spending Rises: consumers and businesses increased their spending in 3Q as the U.K. economy registered resilient performance after Brexit vote Brexit May Take Decade So Give the Pound a Rest, Investors Say: Pound already reflects changing economy, Standard Life says; Kames Capital now 'slightly more optimistic” on currency Nordea Chairman Says Talks With ABN Amro Are Unlikely to Resume: Nordea isn't tempted to buy ABN shares, Wahlroos says Greece's Biggest Bank Sees Trump Boost to Country's Economy: Piraeus Bank chair Handjinicolaou speaks in interview, declines to give timeframe for pending CEO pick Lufthansa Condemns ‘Emotional' Pilots as Strike to Span Weekend: union has extended action, claiming company aims to destroy it 
In currencies, the Bloomberg Dollar Spot Index fell 0.3 percent at London morning trading, leaving it up 0.3 percent this week. Japan's currency gained 0.4 percent to 112.80 per dollar. It's down 1.8 percent in the week, the worst performance among major currencies. The rupee strengthened 0.4 percent after sinking to a record low Thursday, while the Turkish lira gained 0.3 percent. China's yuan, which fell to an eight-year low against the dollar this week, was little changed. The yuan rose this week to an August high versus a basket of peers, signaling that its declines against the greenback have been more moderate than those of other currencies. South Africa's rand headed for its first weekly gain in three weeks before a credit-rating review by Moody's Investors Service. 
In commodities, West Texas Intermediate crude oil slipped 0.8 percent to $47.58 a barrel. OPEC's focus has shifted to negotiations with Iran and non-member Russia for production curbs after Iraq's prime minister signaled it will agree to cut output. Gold for immediate delivery rose 0.7 percent to $1,190.24 an ounce, the first advance in four days. Copper slipped less than 0.1 percent in London and has surged 8.2 percent this week. The industrial metal has soared 21 percent this month. 
Looking at today's events, the main focus this morning was on the UK where we got the second estimate of Q3 GDP which came in at 0.5%, as expected. Also in the UK today was the CBI's Distributive Trades Survey for November which soared from 21 to 26, smashing expectations of a 12 print, while French consumer confidence data is the early print this morning. Markets in the US should be quiet again today but there is some data due out including the remaining flash November PMI's (services and composite), wholesale inventories and the advance goods trade balance for October. It'll also be worth keeping an eye on any retail sales data for Black Friday sales in the US. A reminder that this Sunday the second and final round of the French centre-right primary is due to be held. The run-off is between Francois Fillon and Alain Juppe, the former coming out on top in the first round, with the winner going on to be the chosen Republican candidate. We should know the winner around 9pm GMT on Sunday evening. 
US Event Calendar 8:30am: Advance Goods Trade Balance, Oct., est. -$59b (prior -$56.5b) 8:30am: Wholesale Inventories m/m, Oct P, est. 0.2% (prior 0.1%); Retail Inventories m/m, Oct. (prior 0.3%) 9:45am: Markit US Services PMI, Nov. P, est. 54.8 (prior 54.8) 
* * * 
DB's Jim Reid concludes the overnight wrap 
Good luck to all those braving the sales today. It's staggering to see the number of ‘How to Survive Black Friday' articles out there now and how many more stories there are with tips and strategies to get the best bargains on the day. Apparently it now takes weeks of precise planning and preparation. It sounds like you'll need a decent plate of leftover turkey this morning to build up the energy first. 
If the last 24 hours is anything to go by then it's likely to be another fairly quiet day ahead with the US scheduled for an early close. While there wasn't much to shout about in markets yesterday the most interesting story concerned a Bloomberg report about the ECB possibly putting off decisions about the future of its bond-buying program until next year. The crux of the story concerned the parameters of the program and how the technical issues relating to bond scarcity may have eased with the recent rise in yields. The story also suggested that ‘some' policy makers would consider a delay on the QE extension decision but we'd also caveat that with the mention of ‘most' policymakers still seeing a need to send a dovish message at next month's meeting given the inflation outlook. Indeed we'd highlight that the recent message from ECB officials has been just that including President Draghi's recent comments. A reminder too that the 2019 staff forecasts will be available for the first time at the meeting next month. That said, it is worth noting that expectations were fairly high for a QE announcement in December 2014 and we had to wait for January 2015 for the decision to eventually be made so you can't entirely rule out the possibility a delay. 
With that Bloomberg report coming as markets in Europe closed we didn't get to see too much of a reaction. 10y Bund yields finished little changed at 0.251% with yields, if anything, a couple of basis points higher following the story. The periphery was a bit more mixed (Portugal and Spain 1bp lower and Italy 1bp higher) but again moves were fairly modest. This morning we've seen 10y Treasury yields rise nearly 5bps however. There was also some focus on FX markets yesterday with a number of EM currencies making new recent lows including currencies in India, Malaysia, Vietnam and Philippines. The Turkish Lira (-1.44%) was also under pressure despite Turkey's central bank raising rates for the first time in nearly three years. Following that though the European Parliament then voted overwhelmingly in favour of suspending EU membership talks with Turkey. 
Elsewhere, equity markets in Europe yesterday were generally a touch firmer despite volumes some 50% or so below the usual daily average The Stoxx 600 closed up +0.31% as healthcare and tech stocks led the move higher, while credit indices were marginally tighter. A bit of stability in the Oil complex seemingly helped too with WTI continuing to hover around the $48/bbl level ahead of the OPEC meeting next week. 
Back to the ECB, Vice-President Constancio also added to the recent chorus of dovish communication from the Bank yesterday. He said that ‘we want our policies, including unconventional policies, in place until we are convinced there is a sustained path toward our objective of inflation'. The ECB's twice-yearly Financial Stability Review was also released yesterday with the report warning about the risk of a possible abrupt global correction on the back of political uncertainty and elevated geopolitical tensions which is posing risks to stability, banks, confidence and economic growth. 
This morning in Asia, with the exception of China it's been a broadly positive session for equity markets. The Nikkei (+0.77%), Hang Seng (+0.38%), Kospi (+0.10%) and ASX (+0.62%) are all up although in China the Shanghai Comp (-0.43%) has dipped lower. US equity index futures are also a smidgen higher while sovereign bond markets are generally weaker. 10y JGB yields in particular are a couple of basis points higher at 0.053% and the highest yield since mid-February. The Yen (-0.25%) however is under pressure and approaching ¥114 following the latest leg higher for the Dollar. The latest CPI data was also out in Japan overnight. The good news is that headline CPI return to positive territory at +0.1% yoy versus -0.5% in September, however the core remains rooted in deflation at -0.4% yoy (from -0.5%). The core-core did also improve to +0.2% yoy from 0.0%. Our economists noted that the increase in overall CPI was mainly due to a sharp increase in the price of fresh vegetables due to unfavourable weather. 
The only other snippet to mention from yesterday was the economic data. The most significant came from Germany where there was no final revisions made to the Q3 GDP print of +0.2% qoq, leaving the YoY rate at +1.7%. The components of the report showed that growth mainly came from domestic demand, especially private and government consumption. Meanwhile Germany's November IFO survey revealed a business climate reading of 110.4 which was unchanged from the month prior. A slight increase in the current assessment component was offset by a modest decline in expectations. In France business confidence was also unchanged in November at 102. 
Looking at today's calendar the main focus this morning in the European session will likely be on the UK where we'll get the second estimate of Q3 GDP and where the Office for National Statistics is expected to confirm that GDP grew at +0.5% qoq during the quarter. We'll also receive the wider components of the GDP report which will be interesting to see. Also due out in the UK today is the CBI's Distributive Trades Survey for November while French consumer confidence data is the early print this morning. Markets in the US should be quiet again today but there is some data due out including the remaining flash November PMI's (services and composite), wholesale inventories and the advance goods trade balance for October. It'll also be worth keeping an eye on any retail sales data for Black Friday sales in the US. 
A quick reminder before we sign off that this Sunday, the second and final round of the French centre-right primary is due to be held. As a reminder the run-off is between Francois Fillon and Alain Juppe, the former coming out on top in the first round, with the winner going on to be the chosen Republican candidate. We should know the winner around 9pm GMT on Sunday evening. Related 

ARTICLE

This post was originally published on this site 
[embedded content] 
'I ask in the framework of the Ukrainian legislation to deal with those criminals who have today blocked the work of the court. Those who did it are criminally liable. I am interested in establishing the truth and on Monday [28.11.16] it definitely will be,” said Yanukovych. The questioning of the ex-President Viktor Yanukovych can't start due to the fact that ex- 'Berkut officers” cannot be brought to Svyatoshinsky court. Their departure from the Lukyanovsky detention center was blocked by radicals of Right Sector. 
Today the questioning of ex-President of Ukraine Viktor Yanukovych via videoconference in the Svyatoshinsky district court of Kiev was to be held. However, several dozen radicals blocked the exit of Lukyanovsky jail, thus, the former 'Berkut officers” could not be brought to Svyatoshinsky court. 
Note that the building of the Svyatoshinsky district court of Kiev is guarded today by 130 police officers. 
As a reminder, Yanukovych's interrogation takes place in the framework of the case of five former employees of the 'Berkut” special forces. The ex-President of Ukraine is present as a witness. 
Over the years, such a quantity of videos have been published that the question of who was shooting is no longer rhetorical. 'Berkut” was accused of aggressiveness on Maidan, but the soldiers of these special forces became the first victims. The resident of Lvov Ivan Bubenchik is not even hiding, but rather willingly gives interviews in which he brags about being the first who opened fire on the officers on Maidan. 
'At first, I eliminated officers. Two. And then I didn't do anything to the soldiers, I just wounded one in the leg,” said Bubenchik. 
[embedded content] 
However, somehow it is not him who is on trial, but five fighters of 'Berkut” . Investigators allegedly found involvement of the Kiev special 'Berkut” units in the murders of 48 members of Maidan and the gunshot wounds of another 80 protesters on February 20th, 2014, on Instytutska street. As a result of the investigation into 25 employees of the special forces and the leadership of the 'Berkut” regiment it was reported about the suspicion of involvement in these events, and from 20 of them on the wanted list, five are in custody. 
Earlier it was reported that the scandalous lawyer Mark Feygin had invented how it's possible to use the video conference questioning of ex-President of Ukraine Viktor Yanukovych. Parubiy demands the return of Yanukovych to Ukrainian territory 
Speaker of Parliament Andriy Parubiy urged the Ukrainian investigators to read out the charges during the video interrogation former President of Ukraine Viktor Yanukovych. 
'I think the most important thing that needs to be done by the Ukrainian investigators is to read out the charges against Yanukovych,” he declared to journalists of local media. After this, according to him, Kiev authorities will 'continue to work” . In addition, Parubiy stated that it is precisely Yanukovych who is responsible for 'what was on Maidan, and what was after Maidan” . 
The speaker of the Rada also believes that Kiev should demand the return of the former President to Ukraine. For this purpose, as Parubiy said, it is necessary to use every opportunity. Copyright © 2016. All Rights Reserved. Related 

ARTICLE

Will Trump Honor the Iran Nuclear Deal? by Stephen Lendman The Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA) is an international agreement involving the five permanent Security Council members plus Germany. Completing it successfully required many months of hard bargaining, Iran giving more than it got in return – to free itself from sanctions imposed solely for political reasons, serving US and Israeli interests mainly. Its nuclear program has no military component, not now or earlier, claims otherwise falsified. Since ending a generation of US-installed Mohammad Reza Shah Pahlavi rule in 1979, Washington treated the Islamic Republic deplorably. It's not at war with its neighbors, threatens no one, and advocates a nuclear-free Middle East – Israel the sole regional nuclear armed and dangerous nation, yet nothing is done to contest its arsenal, no JCPOA-type deal to eliminate it. Why challenge Iran? Because it's a sovereign independent nation Washington doesn't control. And there's all their hydrocarbon riches Big Oil wants exploited for its own bottom line interests. On November 25, The Wall Street Journal reported Washington 'and its Western allies…pressing pressing Iran to take steps to sharply cut the amount of radioactive material it holds in a bid to shore up last year's nuclear deal and discourage the incoming Trump administration from abandoning it,” citing unnamed Western officials. Will Trump scrap or renegotiate JCPOA as vowed while campaigning? Highly unlikely. It's an international agreement, America one of six countries involved plus Iran. Renegotiating what took many months to agree on would begin his tenure on the wrong foot, irresponsibly challenging the other permanent Security Council members plus Germany. He's more likely to continue a hard line on Tehran in other ways, maintaining illegal US sanctions, maybe adding more, breaching the letter and spirit of JCPOA – instead of responsibly ending 37 years of hostility, treating Iranian sovereignty with the respect it deserves. Iran's ambassador to the IAEA, Reza Najafi, warned against taking steps to undermine JCPOA terms, stressing Tehran's full compliance, saying: 'The P5+1 countries have a clear responsibility to abide by the JCPOA with good will and in a constructive atmosphere based on mutual respect and through avoiding any steps that run contrary to the text and spirit of the JCPOA and undermine its successful implementation.” Complaints about Tehran exceeding its agreed on heavy water inventory of 130 metric tons were overblown – the issue resolved when 11 tons were sent to Oman days earlier. IAEA director general Yukiya Amano confirmed Iran's full compliance with JCPOA terms. Last April, he praised the Islamic Republic for exceeding its obligations under the agreement. Washington continues breaching it by maintaining sanctions, imposing new ones since JCPOA's implementation in January, and failing to unfreeze all Iranian assets. Stephen Lendman lives in Chicago. He can be reached at lendmanstephen@sbcglobal.net. His new book as editor and contributor is titled 'Flashpoint in Ukraine: How the US Drive for Hegemony Risks WW III.” http://www.claritypress.com/LendmanIII.html Visit his blog site at sjlendman.blogspot.com. Listen to cutting-edge discussions with distinguished guests on the Progressive Radio News Hour on the Progressive Radio Network. Related 

