ARTICLE

The Miami Herald stated that the Human Rights Campaign (HRC) endorses Hilary Rodham. Clinton. The organization is also the largest LGBTQ political group. The HRC has endorsed Hillary Clinton in the 2016 election.
Their new video advertisement features Clinton's pledge to fight for the LGBT community's equality. The ad was also released days before the election on Nov. 8.
The video titled 'Hillary Clinton: Equality Is About Changing Hearts And Minds,' was released in Washington D.C., which is the HRC headquarters are located.
The organization has a section of their website dedicated to the group's endorsement of the candidate. The HRC also stated that Clinton has stood with the LGBTQ community and the group will now stand with Clinton. The HRC concluded by saying that Clinton's fight is with the community and that what the HRC advocates.
The HRC President Chad Griffin said that Clinton has shown through her words and actions that she is dedicated to fighting for the rights of the LGBT community. He also stated that all of the progress the community has made is at stake in the 2016 Presidential election as the HRC has endorsed a candidate in the 2016 election.
Griffin then continued to state that Donald Trump's campaign is filled with hateful language that will reverse the LGBTQ movement's gains. He also said that Clinton will tear down the walls of bigotry against people of alternative lifestyles. The HRC leader concluded by saying that it is very important that people who are pro-equality voters for Clinton in the next presidential election.
Breitbart stated that an artist from the Art Wing Conspiracy group said a lot of Trump supporters, especially amongst the LGBT community, are 'in the closet.' The artistic group has painted several Think Different posters across the city of San Francisco near the offices of Twitter and Clinton's campaign headquarters. The posters feature a rainbow Apple logo with a silhouette of Trump's face on it. They were released on National Coming Out Day.
The Art Wing Conspiracy artist also stated that on National Coming Out Day the organization encourages people to 'stop living a lie and come out.' He conveyed this idea, in a voting booth, i.e. a closet, no one has to know who supports Trump or Clinton.
The artist also said that the liberal community in San Francisco must know that there are many Trump supporters amongst the city's LGBT community. The individual stated that having pride means to be true to oneself and one's beliefs, even if it is against the mainstream. The artist concluded that is what the LGBT rights movement conveys.
The Stonewall Inn's website stated that the historic inn was the birthplace of the historic LGBT rights movement. The patrons of the club retaliated against harassment from the local police department. Subsequently, a riot occurred on June 28, 1969.
The website also claimed that the patrons refused to accept the status quo of oppression for the first time. They then stood up for each other and the whole LGBT community.
The site continues to state that the riot at the Stonewall Inn sparked the lengthy battle for all members of the Gay and Lesbian community. The incident is often referred to as the Rosa Parks incident of the LGBT community. The site then stated that the incident led the government and society, in general, to look at members of the LBGT community as equals.
In 1969 the police raided gay clubs regularly. Eight police officers arrived at the Stonewall Inn on a Saturday morning at 1:20. Approximately 200 people were in the establishment that night. However, the raid was not conducted as planned. The patrons did not cooperate, resulting in the riot that led to the LGBT rights movement of the 1970s, which is why the HRC now exists and has endorsed a candidate for the 2016 election.
By John A. Federico
Edited by Cathy Milne
Sources:
Miami Herald : LGBTQ group Human Rights Campaign (HRC) releases video supporting Hillary Rodham Clinton (HRC)
Breitbart: Rainbow Trump Posters Appear in San Francisco on 'National Coming Out Day'
The Stonewall Inn: THE HISTORIC STONEWALL INN
Featured Image Courtesy of Mobilus In Mobili's Flickr HRC , HUman Rights Campaign
ARTICLE

Despite the e-mail FBI probes currently ongoing, Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton holds a 6-point lead over her rival Donald Trump. On October 31, 2016, at approximately 4:00 P.m. EDT, NBC announced, 'James Comey, FBI Director, released a statement about the Democratic nominee having several emails on a nonsecure server.'
The timing of the FBI probe, while Clinton holds a 6-point lead over Trump, remains coincidental. According to NBC: 'A recent poll tracking the election asked voters whether or not the release of Comey's letter was a publicity stunt to distract them or an attempt to address an actual problem. Due to the timing of the letter's release, about 56 percent of voters believe the letter was to deter voters from voting for the Democratic nominee and remains unaffected.'
Voters have spoken out about the need for the FBI to probe Clinton, as she poses a threat to Trump as she holds a national 6-point lead.
Update: CNN Politics 
A Poll conducted by CNN Politics shows that Clinton has a 5-point lead over North Carolina; a state Trump needs to win.
Written By Jhayla D. Tyson
Edited by Cathy Milne
Sources:
CNN Politics: New Polls Show Tight Clinton-Trump Race Nationally, Battlegrounds
NBC News : Poll: Clinton Maintains National Lead Over Trump Despite FBI Letter
Featured Image Courtesy of Michael Kovac's Flickr Page – Creative Commons License    clinton , Doanld Trump , fbi , Hillary Clinton , probe
ARTICLE

All forms of religion are pagan……..no man can boast that he has the answer…..follow your heart and spirit consciousness in all that is thinking with the intuitive spirit…
ARTICLE

This past week, on Monday, Oct. 24, 2016, a judge with the Oxford Crown Court in the United Kingdom sentenced Michael Danaher to life in prison for murdering rare book dealer, Adrian Greenwood. The purpose of the crime was to steal a rare first edition of the book, 'The Wind in the Willows.' Danaher argued he killed Greenwood in self-defense, yet it only took two hours to render a unanimous guilty charge. Adrian Greenwood, 42, was found dead after being stabbed 30 times at his Oxford home in April.
Prosecuting Attorney Oliver Saxby told the court that this was a 'brutal' murder that included stab wounds to the 'chest and neck and a deep wound to his back.' There was also evidence of torture and blunt wounds indicating Greenwood had been 'stamped on.' The sentence Danaher received for murdering the rare book dealer was life in prison or no less than 34 years. Saxby explained to the court that Danaher stabbed Greenwood until the knife broke, after which he began beating him. Saxby went on to say that Danaher, 'cool as you like, he helped himself to that first edition of 'The Wind in the Willows,' and Adrian Greenwood's phone, and his laptop and his wallet.'
The book is valued at £50,000 but Danaher listed it on eBay for only £2,000 after returning home from murdering Greenwood. Danaher learned that Greenwood was in possession of the book after he tried selling a copy on eBay in August of 2015. Danaher had been planning the crime for some time. He also had a list in an Excel file on his laptop titled 'Enterprises' of other wealthy persons who were targets. It included their addresses, the method to be used like 'stun gun' and the 'expected take' from each target. Next to Greenwood's name on the list Danaher wrote 'Modus: Any!! Expected take: rare books.'
Saxby, the prosecutor, told the jury the wealthy targets on Danaher's list 'exudes a sense of resentment. It is almost as if these people who, because of their wealth . . . deserve to be subjected to what he has planned.' The jury was comprised of four women and eight men. The names on the list included Simon Cowel, Kate Moss, Jeffery Archer and others. About two weeks before Danaher's attack on Greenwood, he tried to break into wealthy businessman Adrian Beecroft's house pretending to be a delivery man, but Beecroft's wife believed the man to be suspicious and 'raised the alarm,' which caused Danaher to flee. He later drafted a letter on his laptop to Mrs. Beecroft demanding 200 bitcoin or about £96,000 for leaving them alone. The letter was never sent.
The sentencing handed down by the Oxford Crown Court for murdering book dealer Greenwood over 'Wind in the Willows' is perhaps a relief to those who were on his list. The author of the book is Kenneth Grahame and it was published in 1908. 'Wind in the Willows' is a children's book known for its 'mixture of mysticism, adventure, morality and camaraderie.' Its text is available online for free as part of Project Gutenberg.
By Joel Wickwire
Sources:
BBC News – Man Guilty of Murdering Adrian Greenwood Over 'The Wind in the Willow' Book
The Guardian – Alleged Killer of Antiques Deal Had List of Famous Targets, Jury Told
The Las Angeles Times – British Book Dealer Slain for His First Edition of 'The Wind in the Willows'
Top and Feature Image Courtesy of Ken Wilcox's Flicker Page – Creative Commons License
In-Line Image Courtesy of Karen Cox's Flickr Page – Creative Commons License
 book
ARTICLE

On Monday, Oct. 24, 2016, the United States (U.S.) Register of Copyrights at the Library of Congress, Maria Pallante, resigned suddenly. Pallante's letter of resignation, leaked to 'The Hollywood Reporter,' came after the newly appointed Librarian of Congress, Carla Hayden, announced that Pallante had been moved to another position, senior advisor for digital strategy. At this same time, Hayden confirmed that Karyn Temple Claggett will act as Register of Copyrights. The Register of Copyright has not been dismissed in 119 years.
Pallante, the former U.S. Register of Copyrights at the Library of Congress, claims that she resigned suddenly because she was locked out of her computer on Monday after being demoted. The Register provides expert advice to Congress on matters concerning intellectual property. In the past, Pallante has been critical of some of the big Silicon Valley companies, such as Google, who have pushed for more lenient laws related to copyrights to music and video. This connection between Hayden's past as an advocate for antitrust laws and the demotion of Pallante leads some to question the value of intellectual property in Washington.
There are two recommendations Pallante has made to Congress that may have set her in direct opposition to Google. The first of these came in January 2016, when Pallante warned Congress that a new method of licensing music called '100 percent licensing' would be devastating for songwriters who wish to retain control over their product. The licensing scheme was proposed by Renata Hesse, a former Google antitrust attorney who has become Acting Attorney General for antitrust cases at the Department of Justice. Essentially, the rule would allow anyone with partial ownership of a song, whether it is 2 percent or 99 percent, to sell the rights to that song to a user, such as Pandora. The U.S. Copyright Office heeded Pallante's warning and stood against the implementation of the rule.
A second piece of advice Pallente offered, that could have frustrated Google, relates to the Federal Communications Commission's (FCC) desire to update CableCARD. CableCARD is a Personal Computer (PC) card device that allows consumers to watch shows digitally on their PCs, with a newer system. The industry offered an app-based solution but apparently FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler opposed this plan in favor of a plan proposed by an organization called Public Knowledge who is reportedly funded by Google. The problem, as Pallante explains, was this:
Rather than being passive conduits. . . it seems that a broad array of the third-party devices and services would be enabled by the Proposed Rule and would essentially be given access to a valuable bundle of copyright works, and could repackage and retransmit those works for profit.
When an U.S. Register of Copyrights at the Library of Congress suddenly resigns after being locked out of her computer, questions will be asked. Librarian of Congress Hayden was only appointed to her position in mid-September by President Obama and she is wasting no time in making changes. The exact reason for moving Pallante to a new position has not been disclosed. Hayden did say on Monday in her announcement that Karyn, the new Register, 'is a skilled intellectual property lawyer and manager, and I am confident she will provide excellent leadership for the Copyright Office in the interim.'
By Joel Wickwire
(Edited by Leigh Haugh)
Sources:
Billboard –100 Percent Licensing: U.S. Copyright Office Argues New Proposal Threatens Song Owners' Rights
Fortune –U.S. Copyright Office Is in Turmoil Amid a Firing and Lobbying Controversy
IP Pro –Library of Congress Appoints Register of Copyrights
The Hollywood Reporter –Maria Pallante's Departure From the Copyright Office: What It Meant and Why It Matters
The Register –Murder in the Library of Congress
The Register –FCC Death Vote Looms for the Golden Age of American TV
Top Article and Featured Image Courtesy of Daniel Wickwire – Permission to Use Granted by Photographer
In-Line Image Courtesy of Peter Brantley's Flickr Page – Creative Commons License Congress , Library of Congress , Maria Pallante
ARTICLE

In 2012, the movie phenomenon 'The Avengers' filled theaters across the globe. Commercials, product advertisements, and billboards plastered with this ragtag team of superheroes who somehow forge a relationship to help save humanity from certain destruction at the hands of an evil villain was a fan favorite. The Hulk, Iron Man, Captain America, Hawkeye, and Scarlet leaped into action after being convinced by the military genius Mr. Furry. They were able to put aside their differences and work for the greater good. In the end, the world is safe.
In the first two weeks, the film raked in over $215 million and instantly confirming the superhero concept of 'The Avengers' was not so new, in fact, it is sometimes a very common occurrence. During this election season, more than just the presidency is at stake. Although crime, division, malice and wrongdoing seems to be ever-present, instead of wallowing in discouragement voters need to exercise the right to become an avenger in a world of evildoers.
After the computer generated images, million dollar budgets and Hollywood star power are stripped away, an Avenger is simply an individual who takes up the cause of another who is unable to protect himself or herself. In different circles, that person may be referred to as an advocate. At the core of humanity, people should make a choice to operate by the infamous Golden Rule, which is 'Treat others the way you want to be treated.' By the looks of American culture, it seems many have strayed far away from this simple principle.
Society has always been balanced by persons stepping up to the plate to champion causes bigger than themselves. These everyday avengers have come in the form of presidents willing to abolish slavery, pilots flying beyond enemy lines, ministers willing to lock arms and protest on behalf of others for equal rights and even voters who go to the polls to make their voice heard. Society has been privileged to experience them come from diverse backgrounds, ethnicities, and cultures all with the same selfless spirit. They may not have worn a cape but were viewed as 'super' just the same. During this heated election season, voters possess that same heroic power.
In the midst of all the confusion screaming across the fabric of today's society, many would love to function as an avenger but are not sure how. Here are a few places modern-day Avengers have the ability to cast a vote in a world of evil and take action:
In the area of women's rights
It is not uncommon to see the face of a woman plastered on the cover of business magazines as top CEOs and other company leaders. However, in the broader scope of the country, there are still great strides needed to bring equality across genders. In the United States, women still earn dramatically less than their male counterparts do in Corporate America. First Lady Michelle Obama championed equal pay for equal work on the campaign trail and now organizations such as the National Organization for Women remain on the front line of this issue fighting to make sure the progress achieved in the last sixty years is not in vain. Without the vote, progress does not happen.
Better education in underserved communities
Civil Rights leader and advocate Malcolm X once said, 'Education is our passport to the future, for tomorrow belongs to the people who prepare for it today.' This concept has been the foundation for public education in America. The right to receive adequate training to be a productive and prosperous American is the right of every person. Therefore, it is amazing to see certain communities with gross neglect and weak curriculums. These areas lack a voice to speak on their behalf. It is encouraging to see leadership like the Gary Comer College Prep School that shines as a beacon in the Chicago area. Amidst killing and senseless loss of life, this school boasts an excellent attrition rate for high school seniors accepted into college.
Better healthcare for all people
The country is in the middle of a tug of war. Unfortunately, what is at stake is far greater than bragging rights. The health and welfare of seniors and children hang in the balance of those on Capitol Hill. Whether Obamacare is right or wrong is not as important as the need for dialogue around this issue. On one hand, there are elderly who are struggling with the decision to purchase food or their prescriptions and on the other, there are parents who cannot receive proper care at neighborhood clinics. Parents should not have to wonder if their doctor could afford to keep his doors open when he is the only office in the community. There is an initiative to bring mobile clinics to the heart of areas needing it the most. Armed with immunizations, screening, and dental supplies, they are giving away services free that otherwise would not even happen.
The moral of Becoming an Avenger
No one promises a cape or a billboard, but everyone has a super ability to step in and relieve the sufferings of others. All it takes to be a real-life Avenger is the choice to fight for the needs of the less fortunate; those without a voice or an advocate. In November do not sit idly by, vote to become an avenger in a world seemingly overtaken by evildoers. Not only does this produce a sense of fulfillment and greatness, it also provides the opportunity to be remembered as a modern-day Avenger. These are only a few of many opportunities for activism, but there are many ways to become an active participant in the goal for change.
It may seem small and uneventful, but the vote has a unique power to affect the Oval Office more than Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump. For those who have not been privileged to cast an early ballot, pause for the cause and vote, vote, vote on November 8.
Opinion by Cherese Jackson (Virginia)
Source:
Los Angeles Times: The Avengers (movie)
Photo Credits:
Top / Featured Images Courtesy of Pat Loika – Flickr License
Inline Image Courtesy of Theresa Thompson – Flickr License activism , avengers , vote
ARTICLE

Youth blood thrives through the alternative rock band Tumbler, who recently released their second studio album, Come to the Edge . Recorded in Epsom, England, this acoustic passion project sounds like a mix between The Kinks and The Beatles, along with a few elements from pop thrown in for modern taste.
Just as interesting as the genre composition, is the band composition. Richard Grace, has led a family of music for ages. Both him and son, Harry Grace, play guitar and sing on Come to the Edge . This project comes after the positive acceptance of their debut album You Said , in 2015. The album proved to be a powerful experience that would spur Tumbler to finish an entire second album with ideas they created along the way. The work payed off, Come to the Edge sounds pristine and polished, it sounds passionate and somber, it sounds like lessons and living life.

Harry Grace is the young star of the band. Following in his father's footsteps from a young age, Harry wrote his first guitar song when he was only eight years old. Music has stuck with him over the years, in his teen years in played in multiple bands on bass, drums, vocals and most things in between. Tumbler actually came about when Harry suggested they put some professional work into their family kitchen gatherings. With such a strong musician to follow it is no wonder Harry is improving so rapidly.
The final participant of the project, David Needham, along with playing the keyboard, also produced the album, adding his technical expertise to hot-pot that was the Grace family's passion and experience. The album has so much work behind it, Come to the Edge has a lot to going for it, this is apparent from even a short listen from songs like 'Don't Take Much' or 'Falling.'
'Looking back there were cracks, but not so clearly at the time.'
Come to the Edge really sounds like passion for the sake of passion, not music for the sake of money. This becomes really apparent when band members talk about the project. Emerging from family get togethers were old songs they would sing decades ago, the song 'Joanne' is one such example, but with the help of producer David Needham bringing strings and other instruments into the song, it has changed greatly.
'I won't run from this house we built from stone'
The vocal work sounds like a mixture of new and traditional, some lines lead right into the next, while others repeat and loop as expected. Both Harry and Richard have their own singing style, they accompany each other with grace, but write in different ways. With multiple talented singers, there is usually a voice guiding the way.
The music fans that will take the most out of Come to the Edge are likely also musicians, or at the very least hold an appreciation for harmonious vocals and acoustic guitar. That being said, the album has different atmospheres across different tracks, songs such as 'Winter Cold Heart' sound somber while others such as 'Sweetest Thing' sound carefree, as for the vocal spotlight 'Week' would be a strong contender.

From the looks of it Tumbler is growing steadily. They have the potential and the drive to continue giving life to music and only time will tell how they choose to do that. Come to the Edge dropped July 26, 2016 and can be found in the links below.
Underground Examinations is a series of Independent Music Reviews with the intention of giving new music a fair and appropriate opportunity to be enjoyed. 
Opinion by Garrett Jutte
Sources
Tumbler Music 
Tumbler Band 
Youtube 
For more Reviews click here .    Acoustic , Alternative Rock , Come to the Edge , Folk Rock , Tumbler , Underground Examinations
ARTICLE

f
ARTICLE

baldegar
ARTICLE

On November 1, 2016, early voting polls in Florida indicate more than one-quarter of registered Republicans have cast their ballots for Hillary Clinton. Two states that the Democratic presidential nominee must win are North Carolina and Florida, which her campaign describes as checkmate states. She must carry the swing states to ensure the accumulation of electoral votes needed to be elected to the presidency.
The CNN polls in October indicated that Clinton had an 18 point lead over Donald Trump among early voters.
CBS reports the percentages of Florida's Republicans who cast early votes break down as follows; 11 percent registered since 2012, 83 percent voted in the last presidential election, and six percent did not vote four years ago. Among registered Democrats the numbers were similar.
Early voting, in person or by mail, is underway in 37 states. Experts predict that more than 46 million people will have voted before next Tuesday, November 8.
As of November 2, at 12:56 a.m. EDT, The New York Times daily prediction is that Clinton has an 88 percent chance over Trump's 12 percent to win. Hers are down 1 percent and his are up 1. from the day before.
However, the paper indicates that the ROP candidate could win, although it is as unlikely as a professional football kicker missing a 35-yard field goal.
Written by Cathy Milne
Sources:
The New York Times: Election Forecast; Who Will Be President?
760 AM Radio: Early voting: More good signs for Clinton in key states
Twitter Feed CNN : 17% of early GOP Voters Chose Clinton
Image Courtesy of WEBN-TV's Flickr Page – Creative Commons License    #CMJournalist , clinton , Donald Trump , north carolina
ARTICLE

On November 1, 2016, at approximately 8:15 P.M. CDT, a shooting occurred at Zodiac Park, which left five injured and one 16-year-old girl dead. The park is located at 5226 Zodiac Road, Memphis, Tennessee. According to Fox 8;
A witness who spoke with 911 correspondents stated that they saw about six people; all believed to be white men, had their faces covered by a bandana of an unspecified color exit luxurious cars to approach a crowd of kids already at the park. About 16 shots could be heard.
The Memphis Police Department have arrived on the scene, to find one 16-year-old girl dead and five others left injured at Zodiac Park in Memphis, Tennessee, after a shooting. The of the people involved are also believed to be under the age of 18 years old.
Three victims were taken to Regional One Health Medical Center. The Memphis Police Department sent a victim, to Letonheur Children's Hospital. Officials sent another victim, in critical condition, to Baptist Desoto Hospital.
The six suspects in the shooting at Zodiac Park are still on the run. Police officials have detained a red Ford Mustang displaying Mississippi plates from the scene. This investigation is ongoing.
Update: Commercial Appeal
*Suspects were seen driving off in a two-door tan vehicle.
*Witness report seeing several white males fleeing into high scale cars after shots went off.
Written by Jhayla D, Tyson
Edited by Cathy Milne
Sources:
Commercial Appeal: 16-year-old Girl Dead, 5 Others Injured in Shooting at Zodiac Park
Fox 8: 16-year-old Girl Killed, Others Injured in Shooting at Tennessee Park
Top & Featured Image Courtesy of Michel Ngellen's Flickr Page – Creative Commons License
Inline Image Courtesy of Brennan Lashever's Flickr Page – Creative Commons License    memphis , shooting , tennessee , Zodiac Park
ARTICLE

It has been 1,700 years since Emperor Constantine built the Church of the Holy Sepulcher, where the tomb of Jesus was revealed. The emperor believed Joseph of Arimathea placed the body of Jesus inside the church, according to CBN News.
Workmen, under the watchful eye of The National Geographic, have gently removed the marble slab that laid on top of the tomb. This heavy piece of marble has laid on the tomb of Jesus since 1555 A.D. Fredrik Hiebert, a National Geographic archeologist-in-residence, said he was profoundly astonished by the find.
The Tomb of Jesus Hours of examination of the tomb of Jesus led the team of researchers to announce their revelations. Hiebert says, they are not 100 percent sure, but it appears the location of the tomb has not shifted. He also said that scientists and historians have wondered this for decades.
The tomb of Jesus revealed a layer of fill material. After hours of labor, workers exposed an entirely different marble slab with a cross carved into it. Workers also found, in the tomb of Jesus, three crosses and some iron nails. After high anticipation, of those watching, they finally uncovered what they believe is the original limestone burial bed of Christ .
Christian tradition states that the body of Jesus Christ laid on a shelf, or burial bed, carved into the side of a limestone cave. This happened after the Romans crucified him, around 30-33 A.D. According to Christian faith, Jesus was resurrected after his death. As the story goes, a woman who went to anoint Jesus' body, three days after he was buried, said there were no remains in the tomb.
In the Gospel of John, 19:38-42, it is written that Joseph of Arimathea, a disciple of Jesus, asked Pilate if he could take the body of Jesus away. He was given permission and took Jesus' body.
Nicodemus brought a mixture of myrrh and aloes. He brought about 100 pounds of them. They both took the body of Jesus and bound him in linen covered in spices; this was a custom of the Jews. A garden grew in the place where he was crucified. The tomb sat in the garden no one had yet laid in. This is where John and Nicodemus placed the body of Jesus Christ.
Restoring the Tomb
Scientists from the National Technical University of Athens are trying to repair a structure that protects the tomb of Jesus called Edicule. This is from the Latin word, aedicule that means little house . The last dated work to the structure was between 1808-10.
In the 19th-century, Edicule suffered structural integrity, from an earthquake, in 1927. The building was shored up, in 1947, by the British authorities. Lack of financial resources and difficulties had put a stop to the repairs.
Antonia Moropoulou, the leader of the restoration project, said they will have to remove the marble and stone slabs. She went on to say they will also inject grout into them. This process will homogenize the complex structure.
People working on the project say that it is more than just a job. Vasyleyos Zafeylys, a Greek civil engineer, says he is a Christian Orthodox. He also said, he has worked on projects like this, but this is a special one. He believes he cannot go to another project that will be bigger and better than this one. Moropoulou said, it is a collaborative effort, but everyone near the archeological find feels the value of the holy tomb giving the resurrection message.
The churches' communities agreed to restore the church, in March of 2016. Completion of Edicule is scheduled for spring of 2017. The $4 million-plus project has major backers such as royal benefactors from King Abdullah II of Jordan. Mica Ertegun gifted $1.3 million to the World Monument Fund in support of the endeavor.
By Tracy Blake
Edited by Jeanette Smith
Sources:
CBN News: What Researchers Found in the Tomb of Jesus
Live Science: Original Bedrock of Jesus' Tomb Revealed in New Images
National Geographic: Exclusive: Christ's Burial Place Exposed for First Time in Centuries
Image Courtesy of Seetheholyland.net's Flickr Page – Creative Commons License
Inline Image Courtesy of Ft Lawrence, Lew O.P.'s Flickr Page – Creative Common License spot , Tomb of Jesus
ARTICLE

John Moore has an interesting political background. Currently, he is serving Assembly District 8 (AD8) as a Republican and has changed parties to seek re-election as a Libertarian for the November 8, 2016, legislative election. Moreover, before he was a right-wing politician, he ran for office as Democrat. One could certainly question where this candidate's allegiances lie.
John Moore's Legislative Candidacies This election marks the third time Moore has sought election for Nevada's Legislative office.
In 2012, Moore ran for office as a Democrat. He competed against the incumbent, Jason Frierson and lost in the primary race to the incumbent. His loss was 32.4 percent of the vote to Frierson's 67.6. In 2014 Moore sought the office once again, this time, he ran as a Republican. His opponent was incumbent Democrat, Frierson. Moore barely won his bid in the general election. He won with a 40 vote lead; he garnered 50.2 percent versus the incumbent's 49.8. Interestingly, he never officially changed parties. After winning the election, as a Republican, he was still listed as a Democrat with the Secretary of State. As a Libertarian in the 2016 race, he is the Republican incumbent. AD8 has three men seeking to serve Nevadans in Carson City. The assemblyman's opponents are Republican Norm Ross and Democrat Jason Frierson. The assemblyman in the only minor-party incumbent on the November ballot. When he changed his party in January 2016, his explanation was that he locked horns with many of his Republican counterparts. He further explained his party affiliation move to Libertarian as his desire to be an in-the-middle candidate and to avoid pandering to any individual party, according to Las Vegas Review-Journal.
John Moore's History During the 2015 Legislative Session As with any Republican, Moore ran on the promise of no new taxes for Nevada. Unfortunately, for the Republican-held Assembly, the state's Governor, Brain Sandoval (R) and lobbyists had a different agenda.
Due to his health problems, Moore missed several crucial votes. In fact, the Conservative Scorecard indicates that during the general session in 2015 he cast two votes and missed eight – or 20 percent. However, when he managed to be present and cast his ballot, his choices did not support the GOP party-line. His two votes were on the following pro-conservation bills.
There was a special session in December 2015. Moore voted his consent to give a foreign corporation a tax break. An electric car manufacturer called Faraday Future received $335 million in incentives to bring the Chinese-backed American start-up company specializing in technology to Nevada.
In a special session during October 2016, Moore cast a yes vote on the Stadium bill. While constituents opinions are split about the stadium being built in Las Vegas, Republicans typically do not vote to increase taxes.
Norm Ross, one of his 2016 opponents, states that Moore supports open borders, as evident with his vote to give money to a foreign-owned company. Furthermore, the incumbent assemblyman calls himself a conservative Libertarian, which is essentially an oxymoron.
John L. Smith chastised the assemblyman's past. He pointed out that the assemblyman-elect appeared to be a sharp dresser who looks as though he could succeed in Carson City. Whereas, he looked less sure of himself in the wanted poster issued by the Las Vegas City Marshal's Office. Smith pointed out that the fine was $792, and it was almost the same amount he spent on his campaign; $800.
Moore has been called a lawmaker and a lawbreaker. He appears to change parties on a whim, but there may be underlying reasons or deals that encourage his allegiance discrepancies. Perhaps he merely wants to win no matter the consequences. The question remains: Who is John Moore and which ideology does he truly believe?
By Cathy Milne
Sources:
Ballotpedia: John Moore (Nevada)
Las Vegas Sun: New taxes pass Assembly; no-tax Republicans can't undermine Sandoval
Las Vegas Review-Journal: Nevada's independent, minor party candidates face long odds
USA Today: Nevada lands $1 billion Faraday electric car plant
Conservation Scorecard: 2014 Assembly Scorecard
Las Vegas Review-Journal: THIS NEW LAWMAKER IS A LAW BREAKER
Image Courtesy of Gage Skidmore's      moore
ARTICLE

During a phone conversation, Norm Ross spoke about the issues facing Nevada. He exhibited the ability to forward his intent with grace and intelligence. The candidate seeking election for the Assembly District 8 (AD8) seat. Ross discussed his passion for the people of Nevada and the state's need for change.
Immigration, Refugees, and Non-English Speaking Students He believes that dealing with illegal immigration and closing the borders should be a priority. Clark County schools are impacted with a high percentage of immigrant children, and for many of them, English is not their primary language. In 2013, statistics indicated that 44 percent of the students were of Hispanic decent, according to Las Vegas Review-Journal.
One solution to the overabundance of non-English speaking students would be to have a separate school to focus on learning the language, says Ross. In fact, school officials state the situation has been identified as a problem because they have been working toward the improvement of student performance. With the number of Hispanic students increasing, 'the challenges they bring to the district, according to state test results and graduation rates show them lagging behind other student groups.'
Moreover, Ross is adamantly against allowing any refugees residence in Nevada. He would not support legislation which would admit them to the state.
Voter I.D. Reform Proper voter identification is a must to keep elections honest and above board. In Nevada, there are multiple ways an eligible citizen can register to vote:
Social services agencies and the Department of Motor Vehicles provide forms. A person can go to the County Clerk or Registrar Offices and file. Nevada is one of at least 29 states that allow online registration. Ross feels that the use of the internet to register to vote should not be allowed. He says that a person should be required to the to the state's registrar with either a birth certificate or passport. This, he adds, would prevent anyone from registering more than once using alternative names.
Veterans Services For a veteran to receive medical services they are required to use providers at the VA hospital and clinics. However, Ross would like to see this change. He supports veterans being allowed to find their own doctors, and the VA insurance should cover the bills.
An anecdote shared by Ross demonstrates the VA's inefficiency. He said the VA facilities were closed and moved one location, which makes it difficult for the veterans. Furthermore, veterans are often assigned to a nurse practitioner rather than a physician, which they deserve.
Our veterans are heroes, and we must, as a society, begin treating them as such. They put their lives on the line to protect us and our freedoms and keeping the homeland safe.
Norm Ross Cares About Nevada On his website, Ross discusses all of the issues he intends to support and work toward a resolution. They are; repealing the Commerce Tax, keeping property taxes low, and allowing families to send their children the school they choose.
Commerce Tax – Contrary to what big government liberals claim, Nevada residents and businesses are not under-taxed, and our state government is not underfunded. The Commerce Tax passed in 2015 will only hurt businesses in Nevada and cause more job loss. Property Taxes – Increasing property taxes will only burden our seniors and families already struggling to keep up with the rising cost of living. Additionally, it will have an adverse effect on new home construction causing more loss of good paying jobs. School Choice – The Education Savings Accounts (ESA) legislation passed in 2015 is a great start allowing school choice for all students. We can and should strengthen access to these accounts. Ending Civil Forfeiture – These laws, which allow law enforcement to seize and keep property without filing charges or securing criminal convictions, are an assault on the people's due process and private property rights. Nevada must abolish this unfair practice and ensure that only convicted criminals and not innocent Nevadans, lose their assets to forfeiture. Ross proclaims that once he is elected to the Assembly on November 8, he intends to introduce legislation to rectify these issues in Nevada.
By Cathy Mine
Sources:
Interview: October 13, 2016, with Norm Ross
Elect Norm Ross: Website – Issues
Las Vegas Review-Journal: Clark County School District enrollment grows, with Hispanics leading the trend
Ballotpedia: Public Policy in Nevada
Top and Featured Image Courtesy of David Stanley's  
Inset Images Courtesy of Norm Ross – Used With Permission    #CMJournalist , AD8 , ross , schools , veterans
ARTICLE

Jason Frierson is an African-American Democrat seeking re-election to   in November 2016. While he is not the incumbent this election, he was the assemblyman for the district during the 77th Nevada State Legislature; in 2013. His opponents are Republican Norm Ross and Democrat-turned-Libertarian John Moore , who is the current person representing the citizens.
Planned Parenthood Endorsement of Jason Frierson Nevada Advocates for Planned Parenthood Affiliates (NAPPA) website lists the candidates it endorses for the state's 2016 Election Guide. On Frierson's website, abortions are not on his list of issues. In fact, they are only listed in the list of groups and organizations that support him.
The candidate's affiliation is evident in his photos taken with the women of the NAPPA dressed wearing the standard issue pink tee shirts. How can an African-American man accept the endorsement of a group whose founder began her campaign for birth control as eugenics against the black population?
Margaret Sanger pushed her agenda to forward her cause as early as 1912 when she authored a column, 'What Every Girl Should Know.' In 1921, she founded the American Birth Control League and served as president until 1928. The league was the precursor to Planned Parenthood. Sanger was known to write for scientific journals on the importance of birth control for black women. One such article was entitled 'Birth Control: The True Eugenics.' She even addressed the Klu Klux Klan in 1926 rally in Silver Lake, New Jersey, according to The Washington Times.
In 2012 the Centers for Disease Control (CDC) reported that there were 699, 202 legal abortions in the United States. That means the abortion to live birth ratio was 210 per 1,000, respectively. This number may not be accurate since there were only 49 areas supplying data.
Norm Ross Fundraiser for LLS Whereas Ross opposes any tax funding of Planned Parenthood and prefers support from organizations that save lives. As such, he and his wife, Mojgan, a candidate Leukemia & Lymphoma Society (LLS) Woman of the Year, held a fundraiser in their home raising $5,000 in donations.
During 2015, the organization invested $67.2 million in research to find a cure for leukemia and lymphoma. Their goal is diametrically opposed to that of Planned Parenthood.
The guest of honor was a young boy, a local resident, who has survived a blood cancer. The LLS website explains the program, Boy & Girl of the Year, provides inspiration and motivation for volunteers and donors.
Jeana Foster wrote this testimonial: 'Working with LLS, meeting 'Boy and Girl of the Year' […] and knowing that my efforts will bring us closer to finding a cure for them and all those suffering from blood cancers is truly inspiring.'
Jason Frierson Following Hillary Clinton's Policies Does Frierson agree with Hillary Clinton's Democratic party line?
Does he support open borders, which has created a significant number of non-English speaking students in Nevada's public schools? What does he think about allowing millions of refugees entering the U.S. without proper vetting? How about the massive tax increases Clinton has promised Americans? What is his stand about the Army General imprisoned for breaches of National Security? Does Frierson really think that Clinton deserves a get-out-of-jail-free-card for the same offenses? What is his position on Transgender restrooms? These questions need to be answered by Frierson. He appears to be a confused candidate; he is endorsed by an organization that provides abortion and was founded by a woman whose philosophy was eugenics of black Americans. Furthermore, Frierson tows the Democratic platform and supports Clinton's illegitimate candidacy for the presidency.
By Cathy Milne
Sources:
Interview with Norm Ross October 20, 2016
Jason Frierson For Assembly District 8: Issues; Endorsements
The Washington Times: GROSSU: Margaret Sanger, racist eugenicist extraordinaire
Biography: Margaret Sanger
The Leukemia & Lymphoma Society Southern Nevada Chapter Website: About
Top and Featured Image Courtesy of Charlotte Copper's  
Inset Image Courtesy of Norm Ross – Used With Permission    #CMJournalist , Frierson , John Moore , Norm Ross , Planned Parenthood
ARTICLE

are u dumb
ARTICLE

If you ask me, God has a humongous sense of humor. I mean think about it, all of the situations that we find ourselves in that seem to spark introspection and give us a favorable outlook on life. We all find ourselves looking back on things thinking, 'I am surely better by experiencing the thing I did not like at the time.' Such was the case this morning when a random song on the music app Pandora left me pondering life, success, and even my connection to a local church.
Let me set the scene, one day a week I am away from the office where I spend the morning preparing my schedule, returning phone calls and just overall strategy sessions. I usually have music in the background as it creates an atmosphere conducive to productivity. As I flipped through, I landed on a Hip Hop station that had Kanye West as its first artist. Random, right? However, earlier this week my wife and I spent a day driving and talking about inspirational people.
Kanye, while egotistical and arrogant, cannot be denied as a music genius and major contributor to current culture. In the realm of fashion, music, and pop artistry, he is a constant mainstream focus. Therefore, we cited how his place in modern history was vital. So here I am listening to his song off the 'Life of Pablo' project titled 'Waves.' Stay with me, this is where it gets interesting.
Five years ago, after relocating to the Hampton Roads area, my wife and I were privileged to find a new church to worship with and share our passion for service to the community. We found a home at Wave Church in Virginia Beach. Since day one, we have been plugged into a vision to touch the world with the compassion of Christ that mirrored our own values. From the senior pastor down, we have created lasting relationships and been challenged to be better people. For that, we are grateful tremendously.
So we go to a church named Wave, I'm sitting here jamming to a song called 'Waves' with a lyric that says:
Waves don't die
Let me crash here for the moment
I don't need to own it
No lie.
That kept swimming around in my head all morning. Later I had a flashback from a seventh-grade science class – earth science to be exact. If you recall, earth science was all about nature, cool projects, and movies about how the world has evolved. Oceanography was a section I enjoyed. Once a teacher brought in a wave machine that showed how they form and flow until we meet them at the beach's edge. In fact, out of curiosity, I Googled waves to see what I had forgotten. What I found left me with a beautiful allegory of how success flows into our lives and what we can do to position ourselves to reap its benefits to the fullest.
Waves mean there is positive motion present in your life: the ocean's entire surface is in motion. The waves are just the disturbance of the water surface; waves themselves represent a restoring force to calm the surface. The standard example is the rock-in-the-pond scenario. Many get frustrated or confused in times of motion. Nevertheless, remember motion also represents momentum. In addition, once you get momentum behind you, you can easily be swept into the success you are seeking. Waves do not run from conflict or confrontations: Check this out, as waves approach landmasses, the wave's base begins to contact the sea floor, and the wave's profile begins to change. This friction slows the circular orbital motion of the wave's base, but the top continues at its original speed. In effect, the wave begins leaning forward as it approaches the shore. In other words, waves are willing to crash against anything standing in its way. We cannot allow obstacles to define our level of success. We are built to collide with our destiny! Waves are formed by strong winds. Therefore, waves are comfortable with being uncomfortable: In my opinion, being okay with the process is the number one key to success. What I have learned from years of this journey and many mentors, which includes Pastor Steve Kelly of Wave Church, is that success will be anything but an easy road. Coming from Australia over 17 years ago to a country he had not seen since a child, and to take over a church filled with people he barely knew had to be uncomfortable. Additionally, to grow that church with strong leadership to become an international influence with eight different campuses has left him with wisdom on just what success really costs. What I have learned from him is when you carry a vision, you also have to carry a certain level of restraint in order to fulfill it. Many possess the passion for success but lack the discipline to last the trip to success. Waves exist from the source of chaos. Wind disturbances striking the ocean's surface forms waves that can have motion for miles. What we get at the beach is the result of what happened out at sea. In the context of success, there will be people who feel the effects of you for miles and miles. Why? Because you made the decision to out-live the struggle and become a wave of success. I think this poem best sums up what we should strive to be.
Fate whispers to the warrior, 'You cannot withstand the storm.' 
The Warrior whispers back, 'I am the storm.' 
Opinion By Early Jackson
(Edited by Cherese Jackson) 
Source:
AZ Lyrics: Kanye West Lyrics – Wave
Photo Credits:
Top Image Courtesy of New Direction Coaching Associates
Inline Image Courtesy of Theophilos Papadopoulos – Flickr License
Featured Image Courtesy of Andy Tolsma – Flickr License    waves
ARTICLE

At 1:00 a.m. on Wednesday, Nov. 2, 2016, Scott Michael Greene, a 46-year-old father of three, would change Urbandale, Iowa, forever. Officer Justin Martin and Sargent Tony Beminio were found shot and killed 20 minutes apart, Wednesday morning. Per authorities, Greene ambushed both Martin and Beminio while in their police cruisers, at two separate locations. Ambush-style shootings on police officers have been a common story on local and national news outlets.
On July 17, Gaven Long took the lives of three Baton Rouge police officers. His motives were uncertain but his anger toward white police officials was clear. Recordings of Long ranting and raving about racial injustice surfaced on social media websites days prior to the shootings. Also, Long wore a self-made body camera and visited Dallas, where five officers were killed less than two weeks before his own rampage. There is no physical connection between Long and the Dallas shooter, their mental states were similar.
Micah Xavier Johnson, who fatally shot five Dallas officers, believed racial injustice was out of control. Despite his feelings toward police and the black community, Johnson's stepmother was white and he was not known to 'pick particular sides with race.' Johnson was killed by police officers who used a bomb-wearing robot, following the shootings. This left his motivation for the shootings a mystery. Not all police ambushes are incited by racial discrimination.
On Sept. 12, 2014, Eric Frein opened fire on the Blooming Grove state police barracks, in Pennsylvania. One officer died and another was severely wounded. U.S. Marshals would later find Frein, 50 days later, in an airport hangar. He was discovered 23 miles from the barracks. Frein had expressed anger toward law enforcement but the reason for his anger has not been understood. What drives people such as Frein, Johnson, Long, and Green to go and act out such heinous crimes? Perhaps a mental illness can be blamed for such disturbing behavior.
The mourning continues for the two officers who lost their lives early Wednesday morning. When a tragedy strikes a community, historically, the people come together. This is what is happening in Urbandale, Iowa.
By Amy Weins
Edited by Jeanette Smith
Sources:
Des Moines Register: Suspected police killer had history of run-ins with authorities
The Advocate: Before Bloodshed: Where Gavin Long stayed, what he preached, odd encounters all on video
Dallas News: Ousted from army, Dallas shooter used military skills for murder
Pocono Record: Suspected State Police killer Frein Caught near abandoned airpark
Image Courtesy of Brandon Anderson's Eric Frein , Gavin Long , Micah Johnson , Scott Greene , shooting
ARTICLE

With just four days left until election day, many Americans are still perplexed. Who should the people cast their vote for on November 8? 2016 has brought a variety of topics to the surface for both Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump. However, Americans seem to miss a lot of information from both parties during the debates and rallies. Each person is preoccupied with defending themselves or offending the other. Believe it or not, during all the drama there are clear proposals from both Clinton and Trump on several concerns.
A Few Prominent Proposals: Education: When it comes to higher education, Clinton and Trump cannot be more opposites. Clinton introduced the New College Compact. This would allow students entering a four-year college, within their state, not have to borrow money for tuition, books, and fees.
Trump has opposed the New College Compact and claims he would fight any proposal for debt-free public higher education.
Taxes: However, both do see eye to eye on many tax related problems. Clinton and Trump promised the working middle-class Americans a massive tax reduction. Also, they both ensure that the wealthy will pay their fair share in taxes.
Gun Control: Another area that Clinton and Trump agree upon is gun control. This may come as a surprise for many, yet the similarities cannot be ignored. They both want to keep guns out of the hands of violent criminals and the severely mentally ill. They also want to expand background checks. Trump goes as far as suggesting 'that we empower all law-abiding gun owners to defend themselves because the police cannot be everywhere all the time.' With either candidate, all gun owners rightfully able to bear arms will be entitled to do so, no-one is threatening to disarm anyone.
Immigration: This is one of the most talked about topics among the presidential nominees. Within the first 100 days of office, Clinton says she will set forth a plan that will treat people with respect, fix the family visa backlog, end the three and ten-year bars, and protect American borders.
Trump claims he will have Mexico pay for a wall on the Southern borders and end the catch and release process. Trump also explained that he will deport illegal immigrants, who have committed a crime, in one day.
By going to each of the candidate's website, people can see a complete copy of their goals, as president of the United States. Determining which nominee would be a better fit as the commander in chief, is an opinion based on how much or how little voters relate to each candidate's ideas.
Unfortunately, getting acquainted with Clinton and Trump's prospective plans is not an easy task. There has been chaos from the very beginning with these campaigns. There has never been a dull moment, that is for sure. However, now is the time to become serious and to remember that the world is watching.
By Amy Weins
Edited by Jeanette Smith
Sources:
NASFAA: 2016 Presidential Candidates' Higher Education Proposals
Hillary Clinton.com: A Fair Tax System; Gun Violence Prevention; Immigration Reform
Donald Trump.com: Tax Plan; Second Amendment Rights; Immigration
Featured Image Courtesy of Steven Bevacqua's Flickr Page – Creative Commons License
Top Image Courtesy of Matt Wade's Flickr Page – Creative Commons License clinton , hillary , presidential election , Trump
ARTICLE

Saudi Film Days, a two-day showcase designed to celebrate filmmakers from Saudi Arabia, will be held in Los Angeles, on Nov. 3-4, 2016. Paramount Studios and the Ace Hotel will hold screenings of the short films for free, on November 4.
This is the first showcase for Saudi Arabian films and the creators. Seven talented and dynamic filmmakers will present their fresh perspectives on the silver screen. The event will include the complete Hollywood experience: the red carpet, Gala dinner, presenters and an MC.
The Saudi Film Days showcase is hosted by The King Abdulaziz Center for World Culture. This institution strives to offer multiple avenues for people to experience other ways of life.
Short Films and Interviews 'I Can't Kiss Myself': follows a man who is surrounded by fame and attention, until someone causes him to question what these accolades truly mean for him. Directed by Ali Alsumayin.
Alsumayin began his career in advertising before becoming a broadcast designer for The Middle East Broadcasting Corporation Group. He directed television programs and a web series before making his debut as an independent film director. He strove for this new career because it allows him to present an idea in a different form and give it emotion. He said the concept is taken from the human mind and given breath on the screen, touching the audience.
He believes, as a director, it is important to relate to the topic of the film. 'I Can't Kiss Myself,' was created to reach the people of his generation. The goal was to show people that being popular on social media is only an illusion. Nevertheless, it still changes how people view themselves and how they behave.
The Saudi filmmaker is currently working on a new television series and is hoping to begin filming when he returns after the showcase. He is reviewing two other scripts for a possible mini-series. Television commercials are a major part of his career, and there are many for him to finish when he arrives in Saudi Arabia.
He would like to direct more dialogue-based movies. He is writing an outline for a film about a troubled married couple talking over dinner. When asked where he wanted his career to be in the future, Alsumayin said, 'I just want to do more films and read more scripts that would blow my mind.'
'Is Sumyati Going to Hell?': Sumyati is the family maid. This film is shown through the eyes of the family's youngest child, Layan, as he watches her navigate her way around racist employers.
Meshal Aljaser enjoys sharing his different opinions with an audience through social media and creative film. At a young age, he began his career as a producer and director and has continued to build on these skills to attain his goal of becoming a well-known Saudi Arabian director.
He uses his YouTube show, 'Folaim,' to share his viewpoints and unique perspective. The show recently earned him an award from Qomra, the Ramadan Program competition. He won the award through audience voting.
Since Aljaser was a small child, movies have fascinated him. Watching the characters live the story was a time-traveling experience for him. Now, he is expanding his career to include acting.
In the future, the filmmaker wants to establish a Saudi HBO. When asked about his future, he responded:
To where my career is heading exactly doesn't matter, what matters that it is within the amazing and fascinating world of filmmaking and i am enjoying every minute of it.
Spokesman for the King Abdulaziz Center for World Culture Albara Auhaly talked about the opportunities Saudi Film Days could bring. 'By offering [these young Saudi filmmakers] this showcase to come together and show their talents, we hope to lead them down the path to transition from digital to successful film and television careers.' The filmmakers have expressed how excited they are to be part of such a groundbreaking Hollywood endeavor. These young directors are hoping to affect society and culture outside Saudi Arabia.
By Jeanette Smith
Sources:
Interview: Ali Alsumayin
Interview: Meshal Aljaser
Press Release: Saudi Film Days
Images Courtesy of Saudi Film Days – Used With Permission filmmakers , hollywood , King Abdulaziz Center for World Culture , saudi , spot
ARTICLE

Mary Perry is seeking election for the 1st Congressional District in Nevada. She is a Republican who has an extensive experience as a lawyer. Her experience qualifies her for Congress as she has years of building multitasking skills.
Even though Perry is a GOP candidate, she is moderate in her thinking. She will represent all residents of her district and Nevada. Putting the citizen's needs and desires first is her priority.
Introducing Mary Perry Perry is a strong woman with a sense of humility needed for success in Washington D.C. As a Congresswoman, she will work both sides of the aisle to secure the needs of Nevadans.
She understands people who are underprivileged; her background includes growing up in a low-income family in Arkansas. When she was 14, Perry and her family moved to Galveston, Texas.
Perry spent over eight years in the Air Force as a computer operator for 5 years then began working in training management. She embraced the opportunity to serve America. Perry was discharged in 1993 and chose to make Las Vegas her home.
In 1996, Perry secured a Bachelor of Science degree in business management from the University of Las Vegas. Two years later she began studying at the William S. Boyd School of Law. In 2001 she graduated and passed the Nevada State Bar exam. Perry has also passed the bar in Missouri and Hawaii.
Since 2003, Perry practiced family law. Her caring for people is evident and can be seen by the pro bono legal service she has provided. In fact, Perry has dedicated as much as 50 percent of her time serving those who could not otherwise afford an attorney.
Mary Perry on the Issues While in Washington D.C., Perry will strive to work for Nevada's concerns. She intends to work hard toward solutions, not create new problems.
Her stand on the issues are as follows:
Affordable Care Act: Unlike many politicians, she does not believe that repealing the ACA would be effective unless there is a program in place to take its place. The choices are repeal or repair. Perry has a four-part plan to improve what she calls a monstrosity of legislation to make it affordable, sustainable, and provide quality healthcare. Education: This is a huge issue for Nevada. The failing schools have proved that the Department of Education is not effective as a governing body. It is vital to rid the educational system of big government and return the power to local entities. Each state would then be empowered to tailor their program to fit the needs of their student body. Energy: Dependence on foreign oil must end. There are many ways to achieve this. We could completely end our dependency on oil by using compressed natural gas to run automobiles, heat our homes, etc.
1 – Return federal lands to the western U.S. The feds own approximately 84 percent of the land in Nevada. There is the potential of using the wind and sun as alternative energy.
2 – Allow the Keystone XL pipeline construction to proceed.
3 – Oppose all proposals to impose the environmental program referred to as cap-and-trade. Should this program be implemented, it would significantly raise household bills for energy. Additionally, it would be controlled by the federal government.
4 – End the 'green energy' programs run by the federal government.
5 – 'Loosen federal regulations that place heavy burdens on the exploration, drilling, and transportation of oil and natural gas.' Immigration Reform: The fact that there are individuals who do not have the right to be in the U.S. legally.
1 – Secure the border for many reasons; preventing illegal immigration, stop the flow of illegal weapons and drugs. Furthermore, the secure border would prevent possible terrorists from entering the country.
2 – Require employers to use the tool in place for determining the eligibility of employees to work in the U.S.; E-Verify.
3 – Support H.R.2131 -SKILLS Visa Act, which will encourage raising the number of immigrants with specialized skills in America. The bill is designed for the creation of worldwide employment-based immigration levels. Jobs and Economy: Eliminating red tape and keeping taxes at a minimum will promote job creation.
1 – Create a more efficient government by implementing a business like budgeting system.
2 – The tax system needs repairing. Perry explained, 'It should not take an accountant and an attorney to understand it.'
3 – Tariffs need to be set encouraging companies to stay in America. If it is not more profitable for a business to operate off-shore, then there would be an increase of jobs in the U.S.
4 – 'Repeal laws and regulations that negatively impact free enterprise.' Medicare and Social Security: Seniors have earned these benefits. Perry will fight to protect the programs. She will also be prepared to do what it takes to strengthen both social security and medicare. Second Amendment: The right to bear arms is a constitutional, fundamental, and individual right, as written in the Bill of Rights. It is vital to oppose any effort to restrict gun rights. Taxes: Higher taxes are bad for the economy. On Perry's website, she lists her proposals for tax legislation. These include; voting against all net tax increases, support a simpler tax system, eliminate the federal death tax, lower corporate tax rate, and oppose increases in dividend and capital gains taxes. Veterans: As a vet, Perry is passionate about those who served the U.S. She has outlined a solid plan for veteran's rights. The Congressional district Perry seeks to represent would benefit from a moderate politician. She served the U.S. during her years in the Air Force The training and discipline from the military, the years in college, and the time spent a lawyer have created powerful yet reasonable characteristics that Perry will use in Washington, D.C.
By Cathy Milne
Sources:
Website: Friends of Mary Perry for Congress District One
Facebook: Mary Perry
Noticiero Movil:  Moderate Underdog in a Blue District: Getting to Know Mary Perry
Ballotpedia: Mary Perry

Images Courtesy of Mary Perry – Used With Permission
ARTICLE

November 8, 2016, is election day. On Tuesday, Americans will vote for who will represent them to the world. That would be the position of the most powerful person in the world; President of the United States (POTUS). It is up to every citizen, young and old, to remind people to get out and vote. Support the freedom afforded Americans.
Also, there are state elections for senators and representative seats. In fact, there are 270 congressional positions available. Most states have significant measures on the ballots for voters to decide. Some measures include; Marijuana legalization, whether or not to raise taxes, fund bonds to fix the school system, build a stadium.
Vote for POTUS As far as voting for the POTUS goes, the country has found itself more divided than ever before. There are four candidates,
Hillary Clinton , the first female candidate from a major party, Democrat, former first lady, and former secretary of state; Gary Johnson , governor of New Mexico, Libertarian Party; Jill Stein, Green Party, a presidential candidate in 2012; Donald Trump , real estate mogul, reality star, and entrepreneur, Republican. Stein and Johnson are unlikely for two reasons;
Neither are members of the two primary parties. Neither have numbers in the polls that are in the double digits. Clinton has many good qualities that indicate she would be a strong leader. As the first lady, she understands the pressures of the presidency from watching her husband deal with the job. As the secretary of state, Clinton learned first hand the ins and outs of dealing with foreign affairs and American citizens. In this post, she worked closely with the president. When she was a senator, the Democratic candidate learned how difficult it could be to compromise across the aisle.
Trump has qualities that may help him should he win. His business acumen and his personality indicate he will be a force to with which to be reckoned. He knows the art of the deal making. The Republican candidate has no political experience short of lobbying for his causes, which could serve him well by understanding how the lobbyists think.
Lesser of Two Evils? Both Clinton and Trump have red marks on their reputations, and they have attacked one another relentlessly since each won their primaries. Whereas, the former's are over a decade old the latter's are current.
How does one decide which to choose? What happens if neither wins the majority of the vote? Would it be as simple as whoever garners the highest number?
Stein and Johnson each proclaim they are the better choice for voters over choosing the better of two evils. Their positions are unique and intriguing. The Libertarian ticket may be strong as both the presidential and vice presidential candidates are former governors.
Early Voting Numbers As of November 4, there have been at least 37 million ballots cast, according to Business Insider. There are approximately 219 million eligible voters in the U.S. in 2016. Polls indicate a drop in the number who are stated they are definitely casting their ballots; in 2012 the number was 76 percent, and in 2016 it was 69. That leaves 41 percent of registered voters who need to have people, adults, teenagers, and children alike, to push them to get to the polling sites and cast their ballots.
Questions about what is on the ballot for individual states can be found on Ballotpedia. A person can choose the see what is on the federal, state, local ballots. Another option would be to go the website for the state's registrar's office. It is important to exercise the freedom to vote.
By Cathy Milne
Sources:
Websites: Presidential Candidates; Hillary Clinton, Gary Johnson, Jill Stein, and Donald Trump
Business Insider: 37 million people have already voted — here's what the data say
Statistic Brain: Voting Turnout Statistics
Featured Image Courtesy of George Makris' Flickr Page – Creative Commons License
Top Inset Image Courtesy of League of Women's Voters' Flickr Page – Creative Commons License
Second Inset Image Courtesy of Marcia Cirillo's Flickr Page – Creative Commons License
Third Inset Image Robert Palmer's Flickr Page – Creative Commons License
Fourth Inset Image Courtesy of Irish Labour Party's Flickr Page – Creative Commons License
Fifth Inset Image Courtesy of Julie Faith's Flickr Page – Creative Commons License #CMJournalist , Donald Trump , Get Out the Vote , Hillary Clinton , spot , vote
ARTICLE

From this… I believe reasonable quantity of energy … is absorbable from sunlight
You think that literally god is telling you to stare into the sun because he tells you to look at the hills?
Do you have any idea how whacky a thought that is?
I think God is telling you to take your pills, he rhymed it with hills. If he's God… why didn't he just say 'stare into the sun please. it's good for you' ?
ARTICLE

People have made up their minds on president.
I've served as an elected District Attorney in Conservative Texas. Every DA is on a limited budget. We have to make choices. I believe in strict punishment for violent offenders and burglars. I rarely gave probation. Unfortunately we had to deal with all these annoying pot cases. Even when pot users got probation the understaffed probation officers had to make sure they were in by 10PM – I'd rather they checked on sex offenders.]
Revenues are another reason to legalize. The Washington Post reports for 2015 Colorado gained 18,000 pot-related jobs and $2.4 billion in revenue. 2016 will be much better. Use among teens has not increased both according to surveys from the Denver Post and Federal Government.
It's best to vote 'Yes'.
ARTICLE

This presidential election is both historical and erratic leaving Americans to wonder if they are safe going to the polls. During a recent rally appearance, Donald Trump was rushed off stage fearing that a protestor was a threat. The fear of violence is understandable in lieu of the passion displayed from both sides throughout the campaign. Several states have sought increased law enforcement patrols near voting locations as they prepare to host thousands of voting hopefuls.
Recently, U.S. intelligence sources warned that Al-Qaeda might be preparing for potential terrorist attacks in states such as Virginia, Texas, and New York due to the Islamic State's (ISIS) alleged call for the 'slaughter' of U.S. voters on Election Day. The threat was accompanied by demands for Muslims not participate in the democratic process. A seven-page manifesto titled, 'The Murtadd Vote,' from the organized militant group read:
May Allah make this year's U.S. presidential election a dreadful calamity like no other to have struck America throughout its pathetic history.
Murtadd is a renouncer who turned his back on Islam. The essay uses lengthy religious arguments in an attempt to justify the alleged attacks. Reportedly, the credibility of the threat has not been established; however, U.S. authorities are taking the threats seriously. Authorities are reviewing information about the potential interest by al-Qaeda to conduct attacks in the U.S. Supposedly, beyond the general locations, there was no specific information on the possible form or targets of attacks. In light of these threats, should Americans feel safe going to the polls? In a countering statement, the FBI said:
The counterterrorism and homeland security communities remain vigilant and well-postured to defend against attacks here in the United States.
The accuracy of the vote and safety of polling locations continues to be a focus of this political cycle. Despite the claims that some locations are beefing up security, some say they will follow the normal protocol already in place. Turnout is expected to be very high and 'things' are being done to make sure voters and poll workers are safe. Amid the most contentious presidential election cycle in modern U.S. history, it appears that fears continue to revolve around the potential for violence at the polls. 
Many voters remain baffled that the country has come to this point with the two primary candidates. Will they vote for the non-politician whose controversial actions have led to many leaders within his own party to refuse their support of him? Or will they opt for the Democratic insider who bears the weight of Benghazi and has battled a potential indictment over a huge email scandal? This is a massively disappointing circumstance and a definite concern for many Americans and onlookers around the world.
The dislike of both candidates coupled with new threats surrounding the polls have voters questioning their safety. Many first-time voters struggle with the unusual nature of this election season. When questioned, although some were still undecided, they definitely planned to submit their ballot. One first year voter said:
To not vote at all is a waste. It is a waste of the right to be a part of our democracy, and it is tantamount to saying you would rather hide and deal with the consequences of others' decisions than to be actively involved yourself.
Are Americans safe going to the polls? With ongoing concerns about the safety of voters due to the heated election season, some polling places are taking extra measures to ensure safety while voting. There is always some concern about what could occur at a polling location, however, with this election, everyone is expecting record turnout with voters . Several states will respond to the fear of intimidation and alleged threats by increasing security and initiating an 'all hands on deck' mentality. It is the hope of officials, that this will not hinder the voting process. Remember polls open at 7 a.m. and close at 8 p.m tomorrow.
By Cherese Jackson (Virginia) 
Sources:
Zero Hedge : ISIS Calls For 'Slaughter Of Americans' On Election Day
NBC Universal: Are San Diego's Polling Places Safe?
21 Harrisburg: Safety and security top priority at the polls
Photo Credits:
Top Image Courtesy of Stephen Venkman – Flickr License
Inline Image Courtesy of BU Interactive News – Flickr License
Featured Image Courtesy of Maryland GovPics – Flickr License    isis , spot , Terrorism , vote , Voting
ARTICLE

On Thursday, Nov. 3, 2016, Tshililo Michael Masutha, the Minister of Justice of South Africa, presented a bill to parliament for the withdrawal from the International Criminal Court (ICC). South Africa, Burundi, and Gambia announced in October their intention to leave the ICC due to what they believe is unbalanced treatment of the Court's members. This move is drawing much attention internationally and some are concerned an African exodus from the ICC could be taking place. Support for the ICC in Africa is reflected in a statement issued on Oct. 22 by 24 African and international organizations that have called South Africa's decision, 'a slap in the face for victims.'
South Africa's decision to withdraw from the International Criminal Court is being seen as more significant than the Burundian lawmakers' decision to vote themselves out on Oct. 12. Burundi has experienced an increase in 'violence and conflict' since President Pierre Nkurunziza's announcement that he will be seeking a third term in office. Due to this violence, the ICC opened a Preliminary Investigation into the situation in Burundi, causing some resentment from its leadership. Gambia's decision to leave is also no surprise to many after President Yahya Jammeh and his government was again criticized for 'cracking down' on political opposition.

South Africa has not been the target of an ICC investigation which is why their decision is being received differently. Criticisms of the ICC include ineffective prosecution and uneven treatment of the Court's members. Frustration was experienced by Africa's ICC members recently when Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir, while being indicted for 'multiple counts of genocide, crimes against humanity, and war crimes,' was allowed to freely travel to ICC member-states where the ICC holds jurisdiction. ICC jurisdiction can be a complicated matter. The Rome Statute, the international legal treaty that established the ICC, dictates that it will be the obligation of the Court's members' policing agencies to 'cooperate fully with the Court in its investigation and prosecution of crimes.'
This essentially means while the ICC holds the jurisdiction to prosecute those who have committed the worst crimes, domestic authorities need to aid in the facilitation of such procedures. This notion that local remedies must be exhausted prior to ICC intervention was exhibited by Nigeria during Bashir's international trip. Upon arriving in Nigeria legal charges were brought against him in Nigeria's domestic court system, perhaps prompting him to leave just 24 hours after arriving. The prosecution of Bashir is also complicated due to the African Unions policy, established in 2013, of not prosecuting sitting 'heads of state.'
The other criticism, that the ICC treats its member's unbalanced looks to be an accurate statement, but it may also carry a complicated explanation. The Rome Statute has been ratified by 124 nations. These nations did not all join at once and African countries have been more zealous than others in referring criminals to The Hague for prosecution. Over half of the investigations being conducted by the ICC at present were referred by African ICC members. In fact, nine out of ten of the current investigations are of African individuals and all 32 individuals who have been indicted under the jurisdiction of the ICC have been from Africa. So, while the numbers reflect a heavy focus on African criminals, these people have been referred to the Court by African nations.
South Africa's decision to proceed with their withdrawal from the ICC could bring more attention to the above criticisms. Many argue, though, that there is still strong support for the ICC in Africa. On Thursday, coinciding with Masutha's submission of the bill, the Acting Spokesperson for Nigeria's Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Jane Adams, communicated in a statement that Nigeria would not be leaving the ICC. Adams believes, 'A strengthened, reinvigorated and fine-tuned ICC as a symbol of the International Criminal system has an important role to play to offer solace to victims of heinous despicable and dastardly crimes.'
By Joel Wickwire
Sources:
Foreign Affairs – ICC on Ice?
Human Rights Watch – Africa Speaks Out Against ICC Withdrawal
International Criminal Court (ICC) – Statement of the Prosecutor of the International Criminal Court, Fatou Bensouda, on Opening a Preliminary Examination into the Situation in Burundi
International Criminal Court (ICC) – Situations Under Investigation
The Jurist – South Africa Justice Minister Submits Bill to Withdraw from ICC
Top Image Courtesy GovernmentZA's Flickr Page – Creative Commons License
In-Line and Feature Image Courtesy of Christopher A. Dominic's Flickr Page – Creative Commons License
     court
ARTICLE

For the past 18 months, pregnant women have lived in fear as Zika, a virus they had never heard of, spread throughout much of the world leaving behind thousands of babies born with underdeveloped brains and other birth defects. Medical researchers are aggressively trying to develop a vaccine or treatment that is effective in stopping the virus or protecting fetuses in wombs if their mother gets Zika. The good news announced this week is that scientists have had encouraging results.
Clinical Trials of a Vaccine The first of five clinical trials in humans to test the safety and effectiveness of a Zika vaccine began, according to a National Institutes of Health (NIH) announcement Monday. Called the Zika Purified Inactivated Virus (ZPIV), the vaccine was developed using inactivated virus particles. The basic shell of the particles is intact to the particles evoke a response from the recipient's immune system creating more antibodies. This technology and approach was successfully used in developing a vaccine for Japanese encephalitis.
The NIH trial involves 75 people between the ages of 18 and 49 who have not had any sort of flavivirus. (Zika is a flavivirus. So are dengue, Japanese encephalitis and West Nile.) Participants will be randomly split into three groups. The first will receive two injections of either the test vaccine or a placebo 28 days apart. The other two groups will get the Japanese encephalitis vaccine or a yellow fever vaccine prior to receiving the two-dose ZPIV vaccine. A subgroup of 30 participants will receive the two-dose a third dose of the vaccine being tested a year later.
The NIH announced that four other trials involving the ZPIV investigational vaccine within months. These vaccine studies are being fast-tracked, but it will take a few years to know the results.
Antibody Tests While the NIH research deals with a vaccine against the virus, other research has been under way to protect fetuses from the virus. An antibody that prevents a fetus from becoming infected with the virus has been identified and tested in mice. It also prevents damage to the placenta. Lastly, the antibody appears to provide protection against the virus for adult mice. The research conducted by teams from the medical schools at Washington University in St. Louis, Mo., and Vanderbilt University in Nashville, Tenn., was published Monday in 'Nature.'
The research study in mice may not translate directly to humans. However, it suggests that scientists are on the right track studying antibodies from former Zika patients as a solution. The researchers actually screened 29 anti-Zika antibodies they gathered from people who recovered from the disease. One of them efficiently counteracted the five strains of the virus circulating worldwide in the lab tests. The antibodies identified 'represent the first medical intervention that prevents Zika infection and damage to fetuses,' according to co-author James Crowe Jr., MD, of Vanderbilt.
To test the antibody in live animals, the scientists gave it to pregnant mice either the day before or after being infected with Zika. In both instances, the antibodies successfully reduced the virus levels in the pregnant mice and their fetuses. They compared the results with those of pregnant mice infected with the disease but not given the antibody.
The placentas seemed normal in the mice treated with the antibody, showing they were protected from the disease. In the untreated virus-infected mice, however, there was noticeable placental damage. 'The anti-Zika antibodies are able to keep the fetus safe from harm by blocking the virus from crossing the placenta,' noted co-author Indira Mysorekar, PhD, a Washington University associate professor of obstetrics and gynecology.
Written and Edited by Dyanne Weiss
Sources:
Nature: Neutralizing human antibodies prevent Zika virus replication and fetal disease in mice
Washington University School of Medicine: Antibody protects developing fetus from Zika virus, mouse study shows
National Institutes of Health: Testing of Investigational inactivated Zika vaccine in humans begins
TIME: Zika Vaccines Are Growing More Promising
Photo courtesy of NIH: National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases – Creative Commons license microcephaly , Vaccine , Zika
ARTICLE

Tried to remove comments on this site years ago. We wrote a ludicrous satire about a self biography how a fictional character would relate to Mr. Gibson. This site does not allow option to remove comments. Sorry to Mr. Gibson, it was meant to be a joke to point out how ridiculous and annoying press is, not to be taken seriously. Please remove comments from 'Captain Community'. Thanks!
ARTICLE

For decades, media networks, newspapers, and journalists have vowed to keep exit polling information to themselves, until all the polls have closed. This was decided because there was the overall thought that real-time voting information, on Election Day, could sway those who had not yet cast their votes. However, that silence will be broken for the 2016 presidential election.
VoteCastr will be providing real-time voting data from eight battleground states. This information is being collected using the same techniques as the presidential campaigns.
At 3:48 p.m. ET, the voting data was given as follows: Over 83 percent of the expected voters have cast their ballots in Florida. Thus far, Hillary Clinton has 48 percent and Donald Trump has 45 percent of the state.
In Colorado, 80 percent of the votes have been counted. Currently, Clinton holds a three-point lead over her Republican opponent.
More than 66 percent of the registered voters have cast their ballots in Iowa. At this time, Trump has a narrow lead of 1 percent.
Wisconsin has turned in 62 percent of their votes. Clinton leads with 48 percent of the votes. Trump trails with 43 percent.
In Nevada, almost 69 percent of registered voters have cast their ballots. Clinton currently leads by a narrow 1 percent.
Clinton holds a 1 percent lead in Ohio. So far, 74 percent of voters have made their choice.
Over 63 percent of the votes have been collected in Pennsylvania. Trump is trailing Clinton by 3 percent.
The VoteCastr model is showing Clinton in place to win these eight battleground states. However, there is an expected surge of votes for Trump, later today. Nevertheless, if Clinton maintains her three-point lead in Florida, her victory will be solidified.
In order for Trump to take the 2016 presidential election, he would have to gain electoral votes from all the states in this report. In the last hour, Trump has not only tightened the gap in Ohio and Iowa, he has a one-point lead. Clinton leads in the remainder of these battleground states, however, her lead has narrowed from 4 to 3 percent.
Guardian Liberty Voice will continue to provide updates throughout the election.
Written by Jeanette Smith
Sources:
Slate: A New Approach to Covering Election Day
Vice News: Live Election Day Turnout Results
Image Courtesy of Vince Alongi's Flickr Page – Creative Commons License Donald Trump , election , Hillary Clinton , spot , votes
ARTICLE

On Election Day the enthusiasm of receiving an I Voted sticker never came for many Massachusetts voters. The oval sticker that never came for many voters bears an American flag.
Woburn resident Elisabeth Sweeny, who was rejected, stated that she did not get one. Sweeny also said that she was a little bit excited because it is entertaining to post the sticker on social media. She also declared that to wear it shows people that it is important to vote and that she was also extremely disappointed that she did not receive one.
Daniel Stiffler who answered the phones at the city clerk's office said that due to budget cuts the local government of Woburn decided not to give voters the stickers. Stiffler also stated that because the state government does not supply the stickers for the cities and towns when the local budget is cut.
Elections Division spokesman, Brian McNiff, said it is the responsibility of the individual city and town to stock up on the stickers for election day. However, it is not an obligation to pass out an emblematic tag to any voter who passes through the door.
Written by John A. Federico
Edited by Cathy Milne
Source:
Boston.com: Some people are upset they didn't get an 'I Voted' sticker
Featured Image Courtesy of Thomas Hawk's Flickr Page – Creative Commons License    election
ARTICLE

Projections for the next President of the United States have begun to roll in from many states. Multiple key states are currently too close to call, including Florida, North Carolina, Virginia, Ohio, and Georgia. Donald Trump is leading the popular vote across the nation.
As of 8:50 p.m. ET, Trump has a projected 66 electoral votes. It is predicted that he will win Indiana, Kentucky, Arkansas, South Carolina, Tennessee, West Virginia, and Alabama.
Hillary Clinton is the projected winner of Maryland, Massachusetts, New Jersey, Vermont, Rhode Island, Delaware, Illinois, and D.C. This would garner her 68 electoral votes.
It has been reported that Pennsylvania, North Carolina, Maine, New Hampshire, Michigan, and Missouri have been added to the list of states that are too close to call. However, Trump is leading in North Carolina and Clinton is ahead in Virginia.
Guardian Liberty Voice will follow the election until the United States has a president-elect.
Written by Jeanette Smith
Sources:
MSNBC: Live
POLITICO: 2016 Presidential Election Results
Image Courtesy of H2Woah!'s      Donald Trump , Hillary Clinton , projections
ARTICLE

Polling site corruption enraged voters on November 8, 2016, at 6:00 a.m. EDT, as several New Yorker's stood in line awaiting their chance to partake in this year's presidential election.
Brooklyn Located at 450 Pacific Street, at least 20 people were waiting for the doors of Public School 38, the Pacific School, for a half hour before leaving for work. Public School 9, Teunis G. Bergen, located at 80 Underhill experienced a 2-hour delay. Many New Yorkers were enraged with polling-site corruption, as they stood on long lines to no avail. Bronx Bronx County Supreme Courthouse, located at 851 Grand Concourse, could not adequately accommodate the voters with mobility impairments.
New York City CS 154 Harriet Tubman Learning Center, located at 250 West 127th Street, only had one of four working ballot scanners. This produced a 2-hour delay for voters. Yorkville Community School located at 412 E. 88th Street, only had one of six ballot scanners working, producing a 2-block line. New Yorkers throughout the city are enraged about the polling site corruption they have experienced. Update: NY Daily News
The Board of Elections has released that a mistake by an office clerk omitted 126,000 registered voters names from the list, in April. Written by Jhayla D. Walls
Edited by Jeanette Smith
Sources:
Pix11: Broken Machines, Vanishing Names Leave New Yorkers Waiting for Hours at Polling Stations
New York Times: Long Lines and Minor Glitches for Voters on a Peaceful Election Day
NY Daily News: NYC Voters Complain of Long Lines, Broken Scanners
Top and Featured Image Courtesy of Coventy City Council's Flickr Page – Creative Commons License
First Inline Image Courtesy of Subfinitum's Flickr Page – Creative Commons License    2016 Elections , New york , polling corruption , polling-site corruption
ARTICLE

After a long night and a hard election, Donald J. Trump was elected as the 45th President of the United States. In the early hours of November 9, 2016, Hillary Clinton conceded the election.
Both candidates helped usher in a new political era; she is the first woman to get this far in a presidential election successfully. Whereas, Trump is the first person to be elected to the highest office in the U.S. who never served in the military and never served in a political capacity.
When the night culminated with Trump winning well over the required 270 electoral votes, the election was called. The reality star now holds a new title, President Elect Donald J. Trump.
His presidency will begin with Republicans holding the majority in both chambers of Congress. President-Elect Trump will be nominating a new Supreme Court Justice to fill the seat vacated when Antonin Scalia died in February.
Surprising Night at the Polls On November 8, the polls began to close at 6:00 p.m. ET on the east coast. Whereas on the west coast, the polls closed 11:00 p.m. There were early projections, which made hearts race. The numbers bounced back and forth in many key swing states. That is until eastern state's tallies began to roll in, then the numbers evened out.
Polling Site Glitches Many polling sites experienced technical issues. Trump attempted early in the day to sue Nevada because the polls in Clark County remained open for an hour and a half on Nov. 7. The judge stated there was no fraud since the state's law indicates if a person is in line before the polling site closes, they must be allowed to cast their ballot.
In Durham County, N.C., there was a delay beginning the votes, so the Democratic Party sought to have the time extended to make up for time lost. This was granted, and the polls remained open for 30 of the 45 minutes requested.
Donald Trump Needs to Reunite the Country Commentators on CNN Politics agree that the campaign tore through the fabric that makes America great. During the campaigning, citizens became polarized into two drastically divisive and hateful camps.
How is President Elect Trump going to heal the wounds he inflicted on Clinton's supporters, the Muslim community, Latino citizens, and every other group?
During Trump's campaign, he threatened to have Clinton arrested when he won, build a wall between the U.S. and Mexico, close the mosques, and restart stop and search policies. He said he would repeal the Affordable Care Act, and lower the tax ceiling for the richest Americans.
His supporters are thrilled, and Clinton's voters are stunned. There are fear and confusion in the air.
Hillary Clinton Concedes Clinton sent out her campaign manager to tell her supporters that it was late and the final tallies were not going to happen soon. She asked them to go home and get some rest. The announcement was made that Clinton would speak in the morning.
Within an hour, Trump told his supporters that she had called him and conceded. The President-Elect proffered a simple acceptance. He stated that his was not a campaign but a movement for change.
By Cathy Milne
Sources:
CNN Politics: 2016 Election Results
MSNBC: Live 2016 Election Coverage
NBC News: Breaking News Alerts
Image Courtesy of Gage Skidmore's Flickr Page – Creative Commons License    #CMJournalist , Hillary Clinton , President Elect , spot , Trump , VP Elect
ARTICLE

The result of the 2016 election has thrown this country for a loop. Some celebrate the win of President-elect Donald Trump while others continue to mourn the current president's ultimate transition of power. A number of Americans are excited to see what a non-politician will do in a political environment, while others are worried that he will maintain the antics that awarded him the Oval Office. The country continues to experience a great divide that has many Americans trapped between fear and faith.
The previous perspective of the nation, according to some, included a series of victories and a country on an incline. However, others disagree by saying President Barak Obama is the worst 'thing' to ever happen to the White House. Ironically, many of these same people 'believe' racism did not exist until he became president. In the same vein, others feel the division crisis, which includes race, ethnicity, and sexual orientation among other issues will increase with the induction of Trump as the leader of the free world. Today, America is shrouded in a most un-American pessimism as many within this great country remain trapped between fear and faith.
On one side of the divide, there are people who are fed up with the mistreatment and injustice they have experienced. These millennials have decided to take matters into their own hands with protests and other questionable behavior patterns. Undoubtedly, if hope continues to decrease, violence will increase and blood will continue to spill in the earth. 
On the other side, there are people who embrace the faith of a changed country 'made great again' with the entrance of new authority. As such, Trump serves as a beacon of hope to his core supporters. He seemingly indulges their ambitions to maintain America's system of oppression and inspires them in dangerous ways that have the potential to lead to serious consequences. Instead of seeking unity, Americans from all sides are fighting to be right. However, when hate overpowers love, no one is right.
In order to understand the fear surrounding the election results, a conversation would need to take place in search of real issues. Not enough people are interested in problem-solving. Onlookers who criticize and judge a generation that is destroying their town as they march through the streets, only serve as fuel for their fury. People have called them animals and all sorts of derogatory statements, without realizing that it is a terrible thing to feel trapped or caged. Before adding insult to injury, it may help if 'outsiders' were more empathetic to their experience.
The crisis of America will not change simply by the transference of power; it can only be made better by the conveyance of love. It is time for Americans join together and bridge the gap between fear and faith with the spread love as they continue to seek change. Otherwise, things will get worse.
In many corners of the country and across the globe, the calamity has been met with love, compassion, and sympathy as people from all lifestyles join in a time of celebration and mourning. Even still, if people are not careful hate will find a way to slide through the cracks. However, if given the chance love will always prevail.
People's view of the election is based on their experiences. Allow them to embrace their feelings and encourage them to find peace. Today the sitting President and President-elect met for the first time and did just that! Why? Because love still trumps hate.
Opinion by Cherese Jackson (Virginia) 
Source:
Politicus USA: Trump Supporters Saying 'Give Him A Chance' Forget How They Treated President Obama
Photo Credits:
Top Image Courtesy of Max Goldberg – Flickr License
Inline Image Courtesy of DonkeyHotey – Flickr License
Featured Image Courtesy of KAZ Vorpal – Flickr License    America , election , Hope , Protests
ARTICLE

On Thursday Oct. 27, 2016, a Bloomberg Businessweek report was published with the aid of an anonymous, accredited source from Donald Trump's campaign. This informant announced a three-part voter suppression plan to intimidate Americans to win the election. The GOP presidential nominee felt Hillary Clinton could not win with out the votes of African-Americans, radical white liberals, or women. According to a recent poll, on Wednesday Nov. 2, Clinton was leading Trump by either a little or a lot in most states.
The report in BusinessWeek was initiated by several weeks of a Trump tirade inquiring about the honesty of the U.S. election process. Ranting that the system was rigged against him.
An official source inside the Trump campaign, announced there were three large-scale voter suppression plans. Each was aimed at one of three select groups. They believed Clinton could not win without support from these groups.
Voter intimidation is used to describe an action or actions taken by a person or group, directed at eligible voters to keep them from voting. This is usually done by putting up signs with false dates or passing out phony fliers to mislead citizens.
However, the BusinessWeek article described a plan that was designed to discourage people from casting their ballot for Clinton. The Trump campaign planned on reminding black voters of a comment made by the Democratic presidential nominee, in 1994, while Bill Clinton was promoting a crime bill for the metropolitan areas. It was then, she referred to certain African-Americans as 'Superpreditors.'
Trump repetedly asked his supporters to go out with everyone they know, and watch the voting booths for signs of it being rigged against him. This begs two questions; Was this to intimidate Clinton Voters? and Was it legal to watch people so closely attempting to do their patriotic duty?
When Trump told everyone at a rally, in Pennsylvania, he could not lose because of 'you know what I mean,' he stepped onto an awkward line that leaned dangerously toward illegal. According to an expert on election law, Rick Hansen, having a group of people organized at polling stations, watching people, and causing them to feel distressed could cross that line into illegal voter intimidation.
A good example of this would be Roger Stone, who is Trump's former advisor, who planned to have over a thousand volunteers, in several major cities in swing states that usually vote Democrat, set up monitoring stations at polling booths. How the volunteers watched people would determine if their voter intimidation tactics were illegal.
There are four federal laws, along with each state's individual laws, on voter intimidation. The federal rules are as follows; no one is allowed to make any abusive remarks at the balloters, or have any direct confrontation with them, there cannot be any raising of voices or casting insults at people entering the station to do their civic duty. These laws are the line a Republican clerk once crossed and was suspended from duty for this violation. Intimidating people to influence the outcome of an event or situation can easily backfire and end with severe consequences.
By Katherine Miller
Edited by Jeanette Smith
Sources:
The NY Times : Donald Trump campaign seeks 'voter suppression' sources says, but it's legal
CNN : Donald Trump spokesman denies voter suppression claim
Time.com : Why Donald Trump Ballot Watchers 'Might Be' Illegal
Top and Feature Image Courtesy of Stephan Melkisethian's Flickr Page – Creative Commons License vote
ARTICLE

If conservative 'Christians' are about Jesus Christ, why do they always seem to Quote: just about everybody BUT Jesus, most often Paul of Tarsus?' Okay, then. Here are some things Jesus said unlike what you believe:
'I tell you, use worldly wealth to gain friends for yourselves, so that when it is gone, you will be welcomed into eternal dwellings,' (Luke 16:9 NIV).
'Do not suppose that I have come to bring peace to the earth. I did not come to bring peace, but a sword,' (Matthew 10:34 NIV).
'From that time on Jesus began to preach, 'Repent, for the kingdom of heaven has come near,'' (Matthew 4:17 NIV).
'You should not be surprised at my saying, 'You must be born again,'' (John 3:7 NIV).
Conservatives tend to be more charitable than liberals on average, BTW. It says in 2 Corinthians that God loves a cheerful giver. Socialism would hinder the ability to give freely and out of your heart instead of compulsion.
Additionally, the reason why Jesus 'hung out with' sinners is that He wanted to change their evil ways and put their faith in Him:
'Jesus answered them, 'It is not the healthy who need a doctor, but the sick,'' (Luke 5:31 NIV).
''Haven't you read,' he replied, 'that at the beginning the Creator 'made them male and female,' and said, 'For this reason a man will leave his father and mother and be united to his wife, and the two will become one flesh'? So they are no longer two, but one flesh. Therefore what God has joined together, let no one separate,'' (Matthew 19:4-6 NIV).
So Jesus certainly did not support gay marriage.
'Jesus answered, 'I am the way and the truth and the life. No one comes to the Father except through me,'' (John 14:6 NIV).
So much for the relativism that liberalism is inseparable from.
And if the Pentateuch is too conservative for you, just remember that when He was tempted, Jesus Quote: d from Deuteronomy every time.
Liberalism came from the pagan Enlightenment, not Christianity. You strain a gnat and swallow a camel, as Jesus would say to you.
You dare call yourself a good clergyman, fool? Shame on you for believing the lies of the liberal apostates. You say you are clergy, yet clearly you know nothing about the Scriptures, nor do you know God.
If that is the case with you, then this describes you quite accurately:
'For certain individuals whose condemnation was written about long ago have secretly slipped in among you. They are ungodly people, who pervert the grace of our God into a license for immorality and deny Jesus Christ our only Sovereign and Lord,' (Jude 1:4 NIV).
'But even if we or an angel from heaven should preach a gospel other than the one we preached to you, let them be under God's curse!' (Galatians 1:8 NIV).
ARTICLE

It has been 25 years since a record turnout of people watched the World Series on television. Nobody saw this win coming, and it was 108 years in the making. However, dreams came true on Tuesday, Nov. 2, 2016, when the Chicago Cubs, crowned the Lords of Windy City, won the World Series.
The city of Chicago experienced an epic moment in sports history. A moment, so grand that it would topple the elections for a split second. After the game, crowds went ballistic. Things were just getting warmed up as two million fans relished in the Cubs victory lap around the city. The triumphant tour ended with a rally in Grant Park. However, the lap may have concluded but the Chicago Cubs long awaited success story has yet to be told.
The Road to Victory
Success did not come overnight. In fact, it started years ago. Before they were the Lords of Windy City, the Cubs played in 11 World Series, overall. Moreover, before they were the Chicago Cubs, they were the Chicago White Stockings, in 1876. West Side Grounds was where the White Stockings did their damage, with multiple victories. Eventually, establishing themselves as one of the new league's highest-regarded teams.
By 1890, they had converted to the Chicago Colts. Nevertheless, they would not remain the Colts for long. Despite the fact, the franchise had ushered in a new dynasty, a name change was underway for the final time. In 1902, they became the Chicago Cubs.
The Cubs won four emblems. in a five-year span. from 1905 to 1912. During that time, they won two World Series titles. The Cubs recorded a record 116 victories and the best-winning percentage (.763) in Major League history. However, it would all fall apart due to the alleged Billy Goat curse.
Curse of the Billy Goat
In 1945, a man named William Sianis, owner of Billy Goat Tavern, supposedly placed 'The Curse of the Billy Goat' on the Chicago Cubs. This sports-related curse lasted from 1945 to 2016. The legend began over the odor of his pet goat, Murphy. The myth states that Murphy's scent was annoying fans. During game four, he was asked to leave Wrigley Field, the 1945 World Series. Livid, Sianis apparently professed, 'They ain't gonna win no more, those Cubs,' which has been understood as an indication the Cubs would not win another World Series or the National League (NL) pennant.
Sianis stormed out of the stadium with his goat, and the Cubs lost the 1945 World Series to the Detroit Tigers. Never again, would they see a win, until the 2016 World Series Championship.
The Chicago Cubs Drought
Before their historic win, the Cubs had to endure almost a century of losses. In 1908, the Chicago Cubs won their last World Series, for the second successive year, against the Detroit Tigers. Even though the Cubs went on to play in seven World Series afterward, they went home with nothing. Instead of wins, there was only the agony of defeat. Nevertheless, this torment turned into the thrill of victory after winning the 2016 World Series, and the 2016 National League Championship Series.
The night of Nov. 2, concluded the 108-year World Series championship drought, plus a 71-year National League pennant drought that plagued the Chicago Cubs for over a century. This time period of losses would go down in history as one of the longest by any major American sports team.
The Victorious Night
All it took was an 8-7, 10-inning triumph over the Cleveland Indians, in an electrifying Game 7, that started Wednesday evening (Nov. 2) and finished promptly, on Thursday before noon (Nov. 3). It was a night to be remembered; every seat at Wrigley Field filled. The stadium, recognized for its ivy-coated brick outfield wall, unusual wind patterns from Lake Michigan, and the iconic red pavilion was the center of the universe that night.
Stars like John Travolta and Amy Schumer were at the event. Homeland Security, 1,000 Chicago police officers, and FBI agents swarmed the place. It was more than a big deal. The Chicago Cubs went out with a bang, ending the season with a 103–58 (.640) record. It would be their first 100-win season since 1935 (100–54, .649) and their best since 1910 (104–50, .675). Additionally, it is the sixth 100-victory season in franchise history.
When it was all over, the Cubs won the World Series for the first time since 1908, terminating the infamous 108-year win deficiency and the 'curse,' thus, being crowned the Lords of Windy City.
By Jomo Merritt
Edited by Jeanette Smith
Sources:
Fox 32: Cubs World Series celebration ranks as 7th largest gathering in human history
ESPN: Chicago parties with the Cubs
Chicago Tribune: Cubs roster breakdown: Players expected to return, depart for 2017 season
Image Courtesy of Arturo Pardavila III's Flickr Page – Creative Commons License
Image Courtesy of Erik Drost's Flickr Page – Creative Commons License 2016 World Series , chicago cubs , Cleveland Indians , spot
ARTICLE

What just happened in America is beyond anything I could have ever imagined. The soul of this country was torn apart at the very moment when we had a chance to rise above the hateful rhetoric we have been forced to listen to for months and to unite with a compassion for those who are different, a love for our country beyond measure and an acceptance of opinion and ideals that make this country great….Not Great Again … GREAT!
Instead, we watched a wild witch-hunt supported by a predominantly white male force incessantly run after our first female candidate as if she was the most horrendous human being alive. The emails, the emails, and the emails….must I say more.
We have allowed a man to escape the same trials beset on a woman and skate free through a remarkable path of no consequence for things that otherwise make us gasp in disbelief. Corruption? Has anyone, including the media, dared to bring out the stories of Donald Trump's association with a convicted sexual predator who he has called 'a decent man?' Has anyone, especially the media, given any of the women who accused Donald Trump of mishandling them more than a story or two, or a conversation sparking protests and demands for the truth within their own circles? Does anyone who voted for Donald Trump even understand how many lies he told during the campaign and how many facts he got wrong, all proven in written form by fact-checkers, historians, and other leaders? Does anyone who voted for Donald Trump really think he will be honest with anyone when he takes the Oval Office?
What do I tell my teenage daughter when she asks why a man who has obviously done so much wrong in his life doesn't get held to the same standard as a woman? In this case, one who devoted her life to public service and the betterment of the lives of children and women? What do I tell my teenage daughter when she asks me 'how an election can be won by a man who has proven to be unfit? Donald Trump fed into the weaknesses of this group just like the schoolyard bully. He surrounded himself with people who feed negative and unfair propaganda to the masses each and every day. He has been fed by a silver spoon all his life and has never known what it feels like to mine for coal, live in rural America on a fixed income or work all day every day for minimum wage barely making ends meet. I do. How can anyone expect him to understand? What do I tell my daughter?
This president-elect has admittedly, and in his own words, grabbed women by their 'pussy' and let's not forget had extra-marital affairs. A man who has bankrupted companies more than I like to count at the risk it puts such great fear in my heart for our country that I can't even keep my head up. A man who openly made fun of a disabled person on national television with the world watching. A man who couldn't even bring his ego in long enough to pay respect to a four-star father who lost his son fighting for our country. A man who has no military experience whatsoever and had the fortune of money behind him when he escaped serving our country because of a spur in his foot, a spur he cannot even remember correctly. A man who has made clear he has no tolerance for immigrants, minorities, gay people and the like. Is this really what my America looks like? What do I tell my daughter?
I am old enough to remember several elections and while my candidate of choice didn't always win, I don't remember our country protesting with such fervor at the prospect of an individual not fit to run our country ever before. How can this be? Why didn't the majority of people who voted for this man understand this? How can a narcissistic egomaniacal liar make it to the oval office? How can bad behavior continue to be awarded in a country that was to represent 'strength, power, and honesty?' What do I tell my daughter?
He fed into the uneducated and the displaced, allowing them to believe he will save them. That's what bullies do. They find the most disenfranchised weak individual on the playground and pick on them. Does anyone not see this and how this played out for someone who has the world in dismay and our allies bewildered? Does anyone not notice that headlines across the globe are using such words as 'W.T.F' and 'Are you Kidding Me?. While those headlines circulate, can we not sit here and really ask ourselves if that is OK; if it is OK for a man to allow our country to now be a joke, a misfit, a low-lying power that doesn't take all the risks involved with letting this man through the front door seriously. What do I tell my daughter? 
I worked for someone who bears the exact same traits and behavior of Donald Trump. They don't change my friends, but they keep on winning despite their arrogance, lies, and ugly behavioral traits. I worked for a narcissistic man who treats women horribly, depletes the human spirit as a game of fun and thrives on the power he exerts to make the 'little person' feel even smaller. The day I was able to leave that horrendous work situation was the best day of my professional life. It is because of that and why I anxiously wait for four years to fly by faster than anything imaginable. I am ashamed our country has gotten to the point where decency didn't outweigh ignorance.
When I woke this morning I was hopeful to feel a bit of anxiety leaving my body, a sense of 'we shall overcome' and a certain bit of optimism that would take me through the next four years. It didn't happen. The tears keep flowing and the idea of uncertainty and embarrassment override any sense of understanding I can possibly relate to what just happened in this country…my country.
We have an Electoral College system that I believe is flawed and antiquated. We have a process that doesn't allow for certain standards of conduct to be upheld for the highest office in the world. We have people who still believe that black Americans and women have only defined places in their lives. Yet none of that thought process, none of that diabolical way of life compares to the remarkable and unprecedented statement on humanity in which the election of Donald J. Trump leads to. And that is the purpose of why I write today.
As of this morning, Hillary Clinton continues to win the popular vote. I now know how Al Gore felt. Our Electoral College process which Donald Trump, in his own words and in his own tweet said 'our electoral college process is a disaster, it is not democracy' proves once again to not honor the real power of our people. I am hopeful that enough Americans join into the petition for this process to be reviewed, refined and changed so the people do speak in our next election and that the process is changed. I know that I will do what I can to encourage and persuade those I come in contact with or know to support this change. 'We the People' is exactly what we should be thinking!
I will close with recognizing that people wanted change. They wanted change in Washington and they wanted change in policy and for this, I can agree. There were so many better choices for change throughout the entire election process. There were so many candidates who could have brought about change while keeping our country's reputation alive with our allies, protected our country from the threat of all kinds of evil, changed our education, health system, and environment for the good and protected our children. But yet the hate-filled people who couldn't get past their own simple way of thinking that someone who has billions will also make them billions have a very rude awakening coming their way. It is hard to try to determine how change will be brought on by someone contemplating putting the same 'old white men' in his cabinet and some who have questionable pasts…Giuliani, Gingrich, Christie. Is that an example of the change this country was looking for?
When the DOW drops 700 points in one night everyone needs to pay attention. When social media trends with #notmypresident in a democratic society, everyone needs to pay attention. When women are asking 'why have we not come any further?' everyone needs to pay attention. When immigrants who are the very fabric of our nation, and black Americans who gave more than they should have ever had to so we could build this country, ask am I safe, everyone needs to pay attention and when gays and transgender people ask if they can walk the streets and be free anymore, everyone needs to pay attention. I simply ask 'What will I tell my daughter?' And what will my daughter tell her daughter?
Open your eyes and ears America. Be a voice stronger than you ever expected. Please bring about change and force yourself to not tire in this fight and trying to make a difference, blocking hatred in any way or form possible. Be proud of who you are and for who will become. Take a stand and be a force for those who need to be held up. Don't let this get away from you over time, don't become complacent and don't ever stop making sure your path to greatness is an important opportunity for all of us! This is what you can tell your daughter.
Open Letter by Caroline Galloway
(Edited by Cherese Jackson) 
Caroline Galloway is a PR specialist with 23 years experience in Entertainment and Consumer Brand Marketing & PR. She is based in Cleveland, Ohio and is a working mother of two, who has published numerous announcements and articles on a variety of topics. 
Source:
Mouth to Mouth PR & Partnerships: Caroline Galloway
Photo Credits:
Top Image Courtesy of MattJP – Flickr License
Inline Image Courtesy of Mike Licht – Flickr License
Featured Image Courtesy of madanelu – Flickr License    Donald Trump , open letter , politics
ARTICLE

On Wednesday, Nov. 9, 2016, Republican lawmakers arranged to meet with President-elect Donald Trump's advisors to talk about another, less expensive, option to his 'mighty wall.' The President-elect also consistently told his supporters he would dismantle Obama Care, but now he says that he is open to keeping the Affordable Care Act. This recent waffling could be an indicator that he will not deliver on his campaign promises.
The day after he won the election, he was given his first test by his own party. According to top aides for Trump, there is a compromise that would include more federal border patrol officers, and extend the border fence. The idea is to extend parts of the border with a double layered fence. An official from the Department of Homeland Security and a Republican from the House of Representatives said Trump's wall is improbable; it would have to be built through rivers and lakes, rough terrain and private property. It would also block the view of border agents. This wall would make it difficult to watch the border. According to the House Aid, the meeting will take place as soon as his transition team is set. The spokesperson would not offer any comment on the meeting or compromise plan from the lawmakers. Mexico again said the day after the election they would not pay for his wall. The wall has never been mentioned officially, but if Congress takes a stand against Trump it will be an extension of the fence once proposed by Secretary Clinton.
According to the House aide, the meeting will take place as soon as the transition team is set. The spokesperson would not comment on the meeting or the compromise from lawmakers. Mexico again stated, the day after the election, they will not pay for his wall. This boundary has not been mentioned officially, but if Congress takes a stand against Trump it will be an extension of the fence, once proposed by Secretary of State Hillary Clinton.
Another key focus of the presidential campaign was immigration. It was stated that illegal immigrants are stealing American jobs and pose a security risk to the nation. Chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee Michael McCaul called the idea of the wall, an emotional unthinking reaction to a highly sensitive issue, or a 'knee-jerk reaction.' Another indication that the president-elect will not deliver on his campaign promises.
The day after the election Marie Keating, a first-grade teacher in California, asked her 10 students what they wanted to ask new President-elect Trump. One student said she did not want her family to be sent back to Mexico. This statement prompted Keating to have her class write letters telling Trump what was on their mind. Little Nicole asked him to be kind and to always tell the truth, and not to incite violence between people of color. Another little girl asked him to allow people of different races to be friends. A little boy asked him not to say that people who do not have white skin are all robbers. Another little girl said simply that she hoped he did not start a war, and another asked that he not send them back to Mexico. Keating posted the letters on Facebook for everyone to see. She was proud of her students because they asked for things that were necessary for them, in a respectful way.
Anthony Scaramucci, the creator of hedge-fund Skybridge Capital and one of Trump's top advisors, says Americans should take President-elect Trump at his word. He believes he will build a wall – if he says he will. When New York Magazine asked him how it would be possible to have Mexico pay for the wall, he responded, that the U.S. could charge an excise tax on goods coming into the country from Mexico. However, he also said the American people did the right thing by electing Trump. The interviewer corrected him, stating that American's voted for Clinton, not Trump. Scaramucci replied he did not see that way.
If President-elect Trump wants to build a wall, he will have to convince Congress using a cost-efficient plan. The Affordable Care Act has provided millions of people with health insurance, at an affordable premium. The average cost of health insurance within the marketplace, after the 110 percent rise, will be $78 a month. The newly elected president-elect has changed his mind on repealing the health coverage. He states that he is willing to keep the Affordable Care Act and instead, make the needed changes. Therefore, it is entirely possible, Trump will not deliver on some of his campaign promises.
By Katherine Miller
Edited by Jeanette Smith
Sources:
Reuters : House Republicans test Trump on his U.S.-Mexico wall
nymag .com: Read Letters Written by First-Grade Students to Donald Trump
nymag .com: Hedge-funder and Trump Advisor Anthony Scaramucci on Team Trump's Economic Plan and Getting Mexico to Pay for the Wall
Top Courtesy of Gage Skidmore's Flickr Page – Creative Commons License
Feature Image Courtesy of Denise Kreb's Flickr Page – Creative Commons License    first-graders , immigration , spot , Trump , wall
ARTICLE

More liberal crying over the outcome. What to tell your daughter? That the American people chose Trump. Not the hate filled American people, you condescending, clueless, divisive witch. The American people. As to the popular vote: California voted, as always, overwhelmingly Democrat. If you look at the other 49 states, he won their popular vote. And then there is California. Does anyone, besides Californians, want to allow California to choose our president each election?
ARTICLE

Follow on Facebook Subscribe by Email Print This Post 
The legalization of marijuana, in some form, was a ballot initiative in nine states, on Nov. 8, 2016. Five of the nine states voted for recreational use and the other four were focused on medicinal purposes. 
California, Nevada, Maine, and Massachusetts passed the recreational use of cannabis. These states join the ranks with Colorado, Oregon, Washington, Alaska, and D.C. Arizona still offers legal medical marijuana but recreational use was voted down by 51.9 percent. 
Florida, North Dakota, Montana, and Arkansas voted to join the 24 other states that have legalized the use of the plant. New Recreational Marijuana States and Laws: Massachusetts: Recreational use, sale, possession, and cultivation of cannabis have been legalized. The law faced opposition from both sides of the isle. Republican Governor Charlie Baker and Democratic Mayor Marty Walsh joined Attorney General Maura Healey, in March, for a Boston Globe op-ed. The state had decriminalized the use of weed for recreational use. It was also legalized for medicinal use, in 2012. Healey, Baker, and Walsh met to discuss this matter and agreed that the plant should not be easily accessible or sold commercially. The voters in Massachusetts were divided. The recreational use of marijuana was supported by 54 percent. The new law will go into effect December 15. Cannabis sales will follow the same requirements as alcohol. California: Proposition 64 was viewed as the most important among the legalization issues on the ballot. Fifty-six percent of the voters agreed with the initiative, for people 21 and over. This not only completes recreational use of the plant on the West Coast, it benefits the state with the sixth-largest world economy. Cannabis legalization passed despite opposition from Senator Dianne Feinstein and Governor Jerry Brown. In 2014, Brown said: 
How many people can get stoned and still have a great state or a great nation? 
The win of Proposition 64, does not simply allow for the commercial sale of marijuana, it rolled back the period of incarceration for thousands of people convicted on marijuana-related charges. The proposition went into effect at 12:01 a.m., on November 9. Residents can grow as many as six plants in their homes. However, it will not be available is stores until Jan. 1, 2018. Driving under the influence of and smoking marijuana in public will remain illegal. Those who break this law will be charged a $100 fine. Nevada: Recreational use, cultivation, possession, and commercial sales of the plant passed with 54 percent. The law pertains to adults, 21 and over. Most of the state is conservative, and until residents helped elect Obama, in 2008 and 2012, it was considered a Red state. However, the legalization of cannabis was opposed by Democratic Senator Harry Reid and Republican Governor Brian Sandoval. Regardless, on Jan. 1, 2018, medical marijuana dispensaries will be able to apply for a license that will allow them to sell the plant products to anyone, 21 or older. Only the dispensaries will be eligible to sell cannabis. Maine: It is legal for adults, 21 and over, to use cannabis for recreational use. People can cultivate, possess, and purchase marijuana. The legislation barely passed with 50.3 percent. The state will add a 10 percent sales tax on recreational cannabis. The new law will allow for retail stores and social clubs, as long as they are licensed and permitted in the municipalities where they grow. 
Many states, including D.C., have opted to decriminalize recreational use of marijuana to save money. During an interview, in March, President Obama told Vice News that incarcerating people for marijuana-related charges is expensive. It was his hope, that if enough states decriminalized possession and use, Congress would reschedule the drug. 
Legalization creates a new economy around the sales of marijuana and cannabis-infused lotions, oils, edibles, and related paraphernalia. Tax revenues have significantly increased in the states that have legalized recreational use of the plant. 
Tax revenue from marijuana sales in Colorado was $70 million in the last fiscal year. This was twice the amount collected from alcohol sales over the same period. In 2013, cannabis sales were at $1.5 billion. The revenue grew to $2.7 billion, in 2015. Cannabis investment and research firm ArcView Group believes that if all 50 states and D.C. were to completely legalize the plant, it is possible the U.S. will gain $35 billion in revenue, by 2020. What Will Trump Do? 
Despite the economic boost the legalization of marijuana can bring to the U.S., there is a doubt that President-elect Donald Trump will be supportive. Leslie Bocskor, the president and founder of Electrum Partners, called the future leader of the U.S., 'a boogie man of unparalleled size and fearsomeness to the legal cannabis industry.' His election could prevent the recall of the Controlled Substances Act, that Obama and many Americans wanted. 
The marijuana wins gained in the 2016 election means that now, 60 million Americans will not be arrested, lose student loans, or their children for using the plant at the state level. It is still against federal law to use or possess cannabis. 
Executive Director of the Drug Policy Alliance Ethan Nadelmann said that he cannot predict what Trump will do concerning marijuana or the Controlled Substances Act. In 1990, Trump was for the legalization of all drugs, regardless, he leaned heavily on the Republican drug-war rhetoric in political debates. 
Nevertheless, Trump told the International Association of Chiefs of Police that marijuana was an issue for individual states to handle. He agreed that Congress should re-write certain laws to be compatible with the state laws. Lobbyists believe that any impact on the use of cannabis will depend on who Trump chooses for members of his Cabinet. 
At one time, it was possible that Chris Christie, a former federal prosecutor, would hold the position of U.S. Attorney General. He delayed the limited legalization of medical marijuana, as the governor of New Jersey. Throughout his own run as a Republican candidate for president, Christie spoke of enforcing federal law against cannabis. However, his involvement in the Bridgegate scandal could force Trump to look, instead, at the former Mayor of New York City Rudy Giuliani for U.S. Attorney General. 
Giuliani was also a federal prosecutor. When he was mayor, more people were arrested (per capita), in New York City, for marijuana-related charges, than any other American city. This makes him another unwanted choice for those who use the plant, in any form, for any reason. Hope for Cannabis in America 
There is no need for weed-lovers to lose heart, reminds Professor Marsha Cohen, from UC Hastings College of the Law, in San Francisco. She stated that the Department of Justice cannot change things overnight; it would take time, organization, and money for Trump to crackdown on marijuana use nationwide. However, it may not matter who becomes the next attorney general. 
Congress, led by Paul Ryan, has consistently denied funding for the Justice Department to impede on states that legalize cannabis. Despite the desires of the new attorney general, it is likely Congress will continue to prevent federal meddling at the state-level. 
Cohen pointed out that Florida voted in favor of the new medical marijuana law and Trump with the same ballot. Therefore, it is uncertain what he will do, as president, concerning the use of the plant. Cohen stated that cannabis is a political issue and will remain such; it is possible that weed has become too popular to undo. 
By Jeanette Smith 
Sources: 
Business insider: 4 states just voted to make marijuana completely legal — here's what we know News.MIC: Where Is Marijuana Legal in the United States? List of Recreational and Medicinal States High Times: LEGALIZATION FINALLY WINS IN MAINE; WHAT WILL HE DO?!? 
Featured and Top Image Courtesy of Cannabis Culture's Flickr Page – Creative Commons License 
8 More States Legalize Marijuana: Will Donald Trump Let It Stand? added by smith.j on November 15, 2016 
ARTICLE

Marvel Comic fans will be excited to hear that Marvel Entertainment, Disney|ABC, and IMAX Corporation has announced their unprecedented agreement to premiere the new ABC series, 'The Inhumans' in IMAX commercial theaters. This will mark the first time that a live-action television series debuts in this way. The series will be shown in a two-week window, with its first two episodes slated to air in the late summer of 2017.
Marvel Comics is producing their first two episodes in conjunction with ABC studios. 'The Inhumans' was filmed entirely with IMAX digital cameras. Following the premiere on the big screen, ABC will release the weekly series in the fall.
Who are The Inhumans? The Inhumans were first introduced into the Marvel Comics, in 1965, by Stan Lee and Jack Kirby. During the Kree-Skrull War, which occurred millions of years ago in Earth time, the Kree alien species set up a station on Uranus. As they worked on the station they noticed life on Earth had genetic potential. The Kree started experimenting with humans by splicing Eternals DNA into Cro-Magnons.
The Krees' goal was two-fold; they wanted to stop their own evolutionary stagnation, as well as create a powerful mutant race of soldiers, to help them fight the Skrulls. Though they were successful in their experiments, the Kree abandoned it.
However, their test subjects, the Inhumans, survived and formed their own society. They thrived in seclusion and developed advanced technology. After experimenting with the mutagenic Terrigen Mist, they found that although they acquired various powers, the mist also caused genetic damage and deformities.
The Unspoken was once the leader of the Inhumans but was dethroned by the current king, Black Bolt. Bolt's royal family consists of Maximus the Mad, Triton, Medusa, Karnak, Gorgon, Crystal, and their dog Lockjaw. Moreover, Medusa and Crystal were members of Marvel Comics, Fantastic Four and Crystal also teamed with the Avengers. 'The Inhumans' will surround the never been told story and epic adventures of Black Bolt.
ABC's Other Marvel Comic Series 'The Inhumans' marks the latest series to join the ABC network lineup. Unfortunately, last season, the network canceled 'Agent Carter,' after two seasons. They also passed on a spin-off of 'Agents of SHIELD.'
However, Marvel Comics is teaming up with Hulu on one of their other comic book-based series, which is in development. Other projects include the upcoming 'X-Men' spin-off of 'Legion,' on FX.
IMAX Marks Its First Debut With 'Marvel's The Inhumans' Marvel Comic's presentation of 'The Inhumans' was originally slated for release in 2018, as a movie, rather than a series. However, it was pushed back to 2019, to make room for the Marvel Comic movie, 'Spider-Man: Homecoming,' before it was pulled from the schedule, in April 2016.
IMAX is setting an unprecedented first, by hosting the premiere of the Marvel Comics television series. The reason being, IMAX is financing the pilot. Co-chairman of Disney Media Networks Ben Sherwood stated:
This unprecedented alliance represents a bold, innovative approach to launching great TV content for a worldwide audience. It highlights Disney|ABC's unrelenting commitment to finding new and creative ways to showcasing our very best programming and increasing global engagement and reach.
After the series premiere in IMAX theaters, Marvel Comics' 'The Inhumans' will move to ABC for the remaining six episodes.
By Tracy Blake
Edited by Jeanette Smith
Sources:
News Everyday: Marvel Comics Partners With ABC For 'Inhumans' Series In Summer 2017
Marvel: 'Marvel's The Inhumans' Coming to IMAX & ABC in 2017
The Hollywood Reporter: Marvel, ABC Set 'The Inhumans' TV Series
Image Courtesy of Dennis Amith's Flickr Page – Creative Common License
   IMAX , Marvel comics , spot
ARTICLE

Donald Trump has ideas that are akin to those held by Adolf Hitler. The question Americans have is 'What outcome will these similarities have in the United States, under his leadership?'
Hitler believed Germany should be a world leader and this could happen, if only Aryans and Germans were allowed to live in the country. Under the guise of 'Americans First,' Trump wants to build a Great Wall that will keep out illegal immigrants and deport all illegal aliens. He has stated he would only allow those who embrace the American way-of-life into the country. He intends to have his boundary funded by Mexico.
Hitler stated that those who were not German should not be allowed to speak on matters of the country. He believed Communism was a threat to his nation and should be abolished. He also stated democracy and rights for workers would upset civilization. Trump has said, on his first day in office, he will ban White House officials from lobbying for foreign governments and prevent foreign representatives of special interest groups from raising money for U.S. elections. Again, wanting outsiders to remain on the outskirts of the nation but to what outcome?
The German dictator fought in the German army during World War I, before returning to Munich, as a corporal. The loss of WWI and the signing of the Treaty of Versailles angered Hitler. The corporal believed Germany was powerful and lost the war because the country was betrayed. He blamed the Jewish people and the communists.
The Treaty of Versailles: Re-determined German boundaries – Eupean-Malm[eacute]dy went to Belgium, Alsace-Lorraine was returned to France, eastern districts went to Poland, Memel was given to Lithuania, and the majority of Schleswig went to Denmark Colonies that belonged to the country were all taken away Required Germany to make financial amends for damages caused by WWI The country's military was severely reduced and disarmed from specific classes of weapons Germany accepted their responsibility and that of their allies for the damages Created the Covenant of the New League of Nations in 1919, which Germany was prevented from joining until 1926 A demilitarized zone was established The Saar was banned from Germany for 15 years The German government signed the Treaty of Versailles under protest. Many politicians were assassinated for their part in the agreement.
Trump blames immigrants for the loss of American jobs and the Democrats for the state of the country. He wants to dismantle radical Islāmic terrorist groups and to stop paying ransoms to ISIS for the release of Americans. He also intends to put an end to the Iran nuclear deal. The Iran Deal deferred the Middle Eastern country from building a weapon of mass destruction by 9 months.
Hitler's views fell in-line with those of the National Socialist German Workers' Party, which later became the Nazi Party. He joined the small group in 1920. He was a charismatic speaker and thus, gained support as a leader from right-wing extremists.
Trump speaks plainly on topics concerning the U.S. He does not believe political correctness and this approach has gained him a significant following. There are Americans looking for a leader they can relate to on a cognitive level. The working-class believe Trump will lead the country out of a poor economic state.
The German economy worsened and the country feared communism. The people wanted a strong leader with a solution. Hitler's goal was to return a strong order of tradition to Germany. After WWI, citizens were impoverished and lived for themselves, as if 'they had nothing to lose.' Citizens were without a leader once Commander-in-Chief Kaiser Wilhelm was forced out of the country.
Germany was left in political and economic chaos, without leadership, and an enormous national debt to pay. While political groups fought over changing the government to a democracy or communism, the people were without food. Lack of resources caused rioting in the streets.
Hitler gained power through his engaging speeches. He gave the country a leader and he blamed the Jews for the economic situation in Germany. Hitler also spoke of extreme nationalism.
Trump wants to 'Make America Great Again.' The economy, as he purposes, is the best way to start this process. He wants to put 'Americans First' concerning job creation and industry. He stated that China will cease in stealing intellectual property from the U.S. During a speech in Pennsylvania, Trump stated, 'I am going to instruct my Treasury secretary to label China a currency manipulator, which should have been done years ago.'
He is reaching out to a country that is tired of politicians and has a strong desire for a different kind of leadership. Citizens are hungry for change and Trump supporters believe he is the farthest option from a politician. Hitler was also not regarded as a politician. He slid into office when Germany was hungry and lost with no one to lead them and enforced his policies and extreme ideas. Under President-elect Trump, will Americans suffer similar outcomes under his leadership?
The Republican candidate insists that 'the TPP [Trans-Pacific Partnership] creates a new international commission that makes decisions the American people can't veto.' He believes he can negotiate better trade deals, one-on-one, than with a round-table-discussion of countries.
The Trans-Pacific Partnership: Created to level the playing field for American workers and businesses More Made-in-America exports More higher-paying jobs Cuts over 18,000 taxes other countries put on Made-in-America products Ensures American ranchers, farmers, service suppliers, and small businesses can compete Will expand Made-in-America exports and support jobs through trade remedy laws, safeguards, countervailing duties, and anti-dumping laws Ensure American exporters are allowed procedural due process and the rules used by all countries part of Trans-Pacific Partnership are transparent Trump wants to renegotiate trade agreements to make it is easier to invest, hire, build, produce, and manufacture in the U.S. He believes this will make America the best country to conduct business. Trump intends to carry out this goal without allowing immigrants into the country.
There will not be any more jobs lost to Mexico, immigrants, or globalism. Jobs and wealth will stay in the U.S. – extreme nationalism. His 'Make America Great Again' and 'Americans First' slogans, along with his off-the-cuff, violence-inciting speeches, have won him the title, president-elect. This is also in-line with Hitler's idea that Germany could rule the world, but only as a single race.
These similarities could lead to a frightening outcome in America. Neither Hitler nor Trump had many policies, nevertheless, they offered an alternative type of leadership in struggling countries. Will the outcome, under President-elect Trump be similar to the experience suffered by Germany under Hitler's leadership?
By Jeanette Smith
Sources:
The White House: The Historic Deal that Will Prevent Iran from Acquiring a Nuclear Weapon
The Holocaust Explained: Who Was Adolf Hitler?
Google: Donald Trump Policies
History: TREATY OF VERSAILLES
Office of the United States Trade Representative: The Trans-Pacific Partnership
Featured Image Courtesy of aNICe's Flickr Page – Creative Commons License
Top Image Courtesy of Jason Hollinger's Flickr Page – Creative Commons License
First Inline Image Courtesy of Dmitry Dzhus' Flickr Page – Creative Commons License
Second Inline Image Courtesy of Renegade98's Flickr Page – Creative Commons License    America , Germany , hitler , Trump
ARTICLE

The Washington Post reported that President-elect Donald Trump called Russian President Vladimir Putin. The Kremlin said that the political figures vowed to work together to improve U.S.-Russian relations and try to create world peace.
The statement issued by the Kremlin also stated that Trump and Putin discussed settling the crisis in Syria, and combating terrorism. They also agreed that their aides will work together to schedule a direct meeting.
Trump's office declared in a statement that the Russian leader offered his congratulations before they discussed a range of issues. The numerous items included challenges and threats facing the U.S. and Russia. Strategic economic matters and the U.S.-Russia relationship that began over 200 years ago were also discussed.
After Trump's triumph last week, the president-elect has received congratulatory calls from an enormous amount of foreign leaders. Putin sent the president-elect a statement concerning his desire to have a discussion based on a clear respect for each other's political viewpoints.
Trump applauded Putin as an as a robust leader during his campaign. He also said that the two world leaders should collaborate to combat terrorists. The president-elect chiefly mentioned the Islamic State in Syria. He stated that closer relations with Russia would try to create world peace.
The Washington Post reported that the president-elect seemed to dismiss Russia's responsibility for their annexation of Crimea and their intervention in the Ukraine. The future leader of the U.S. also questioned the relevance of NATO.
Trump and Putin agreed to share a common view in an attempt to ease tension between the U.S. and Russia. They want to unite their efforts against the common enemy and then fight international terrorism and extremism. The Kremlin declared that the two discussed ways to settle the Syrian crisis and create world peace.
The Kremlin added that they talked about ways to build commerce and induce constructive cooperation between the two nations. Next year, the U.S. and Russia will celebrate the 210-year-anniversary of the start of diplomatic relations. Russian officials stated that the date might encourage the progress of a relationship that would satisfy the interest of both countries.
Putin's government said that Trump is looking forward to having a long-term and resilient relationship with Russia and the nation's people. Putin stated that he is ready to have a discussion with Washington that it will be based on mutual respect. There will also be no intervention into each other's affairs.
There will be no intervention into each other's affairs. The Russian government believes that creating a solid root for bilateral ties is important. This was especially stressed by the rising trade-economic component.
The Kremlin stated that the two nations should return to a state of equally valuable cooperation. Putin said they will attempt to address the concern and try to ease the tension between the two nations and create world peace.
By John A. Federico
 
The Washington Post: Trump, Putin agree in phone call to improve 'unsatisfactory' relations between their countries, Kremlin says
RT Question More : Putin & Trump discuss Syria and US-Russia relations in phone call – Kremlin
Mirror: Trump and Putin vow to tackle ISIS together as they hold breakthrough talks after billionaire's election
Featured Image Courtesy of Luftphilia's Flickr Page – Creative Commons License    Trump
ARTICLE

As I told my teenage daughter…Trump was voted, to be our country's next President. That decision, made by the people must be respected. Why would you dramatize the hearsay to a teen?
ARTICLE

Most Americans are going to pay a lot more for health insurance in 2017. They also will pay considerably more out of their pockets for copayments, prescriptions and satisfying large deductibles. However, the U.S. health care system costs users more than medical care in other countries, but people are not getting their money's worth as levels of care lag behind what is offered in other Western countries.
Love it or hate it, the Affordable Care Act (ACA) did enable an estimated 23 million in the country to get coverage. However, the ACA and market dynamics have made that care less than affordable for many. They are in health plans that only pay for physicals and major medical expenses, after a considerable deductible. Consequently, 33 percent of American adults did not see a doctor when they needed one or failed to fill a prescription for financial reasons. (A comparable study in 2013 – before the ACA health plans were introduced – showed 37 percent did not get needed care.)
Americans have worse health and are less likely to seek treatment then in other wealthy Western nations, like the United Kingdom, Australia, Canada and France. This was according to a study published in 'Health Affairs.' (By comparison, only 7 to 8 percent in Germany, the Netherlands, Sweden, and the U.K. did not obtain care because of cost considerations.)
The 2016 Commonwealth Fund International Health Policy Survey was conducted by telephone. They surveyed adults in those countries, Germany, the Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Sweden and Switzerland this spring. Survey participants were asked about experiences with their health care system, in terms of access, quality of care, and affordability, as well as questions about their overall health.
Cost Issues Compared The cost of medical care and health insurance also affects Americans' ability to afford other things. Approximately 31 percent of the adults in the U.S. surveyed reported hardships due to health care costs. Broken down, 15 percent worried about affording nutritious food and 16 percent struggled to afford housing.
Caps on annual spending for medical care and subsidies for lower-income adults and families help in the U.S. However, other countries make more of an effort to remove the cost barriers to care. For example, in Canada, the Netherlands, and the U.K., there are no medical plan deductibles or co-payments for primary care. The French exempt lower-income adults as well as people with chronic illnesses from co-payments and other cost sharing. Germany and Sweden cap out-of-pocket spending far lower for those who are chronically ill.
The U.S. performed worse in nearly all the measures studied in comparison to respondents from all 11 countries researched. Only Canada joined the U.S. in one ignominious area: More than one-fifth of adults reported that having more than one chronic health issue, such as heart problems, asthma, diabetes, or arthritis. (In the U.S., 28 percent had two conditions and, in Canada, 22 percent did.)
Changes to the ACA are top priorities for the Republic-dominated Congress and President-elect Donald Trump. This survey indicates, however, that health care affordability in the U.S. lags far behind other Westernized countries, and costs continue to rise. With the election over, there needs to be a rhetoric-free discussion on providing access to actually 'affordable' care.
Written and Edited by Dyanne Weiss
Sources:
Health Affairs: In New Survey Of Eleven Countries, US Adults Still Struggle With Access To And Affordability Of Health Care
Fortune: America Is Still One of the Unhealthiest Countries in the World
Healthcare Informatics: Let's Think Internationally about Health care Policy Challenges—and Where HIT Fits In
Becker's Hospital CFO : US adults still struggle with access to and cost of healthcare, survey of 11 nations finds
Photo courtesy of U.S. Navy [Public domain] ACA , affordable care , costs , health care
ARTICLE

Note to President Obama: a Hillary Clinton pardon could heal a divided nation. After all, if it was good enough for Richard Nixon, it is certainly good enough for Clinton. The difference being that Tricky Dicky was actually guilty of the crimes insinuated against him, whereas the former Secretary of State, who was thoroughly investigated and cleared of any criminal wrongdoing twice, continues to be maligned and persecuted by the right-wing establishment, as well as politicos with decades-old grudges who view the Clinton witch hunt as their opportunity to exact revenge on the woman who should be America's first female President of the United States , and proved it by carrying the nation's popular vote if not the antiquated electoral college.
As originally proposed by one-time presidential hopeful, Rev. Jesse Jackson, the nation should call upon President Barack Obama to issue a blanket pardon to the twice-exonerated Clinton, in order to call an end to the drawn-out attack on every aspect of the former New York senator's character once and for all. In the 21st century, it is unthinkable to believe that U.S. citizens are so narrow-minded and circumspect that they seek to stop an empowered, idolized public servant from holding the highest office in the nation simply because she is a woman.
While it is abominable and heartbreaking to lend credence to this theory, there is strong evidence to support its existence, especially when considering some examples from other nations who have female world leaders:
— Indian Prime Minister Indira Gandhi (1966-77; 1980 to Oct. 31, 1984 (her assassination))
— British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher (1979-90). Thatcher was the longest-serving British prime minister of the 20th century and first woman to have held the office.
— Israeli Prime Minister Golda Meir (1969-74)
— German Chancellor Angela Merkel (2005-present)
— Queen Elizabeth II of United Kingdom (U.K.), Great Britain, and Northern Ireland (1952-present)
— South Korean President Park Geun-hye (2013-present)
— Prime Minister Theresa May of U.K., Great Britain, and Northern Ireland (2016-present)
— Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina Wajed of Bangladesh (1996-2001; 2009-present)
From countries great and small, these women and countless others have achieved the ultimate seat of power in their respective nations. Some of these countries have a long, storied legacy of woman leaders that spans decades and even generations, while others are relatively new to welcoming a female presence as their central figurehead. Nonetheless, women all over the globe have been given the opportunity to lead their countries into a new era and provide their citizens with a different perspective, with the glaring exception of the United States, a nation that could benefit immensely from female influence at the helm.
Presidential pardons are not a foreign concept. Every U.S. president has the authority to grant pardons, which is also known as clemency, to anyone of their choosing. However, unlike most executive powers, presidential pardons are unchecked by Congress and cannot be blocked, overturned, or reviewed. The purpose of this power exists to help ease tensions, correct historic injustices, and heal political wounds. If any situation calls for its implementation, this scenario could not be more fitting. Yet, this authority does not come without controversy. In addition to President Gerald Ford's pardoning of Richard Nixon in 1974, other controversial acts of clemency include President Bill Clinton's pardon of Symbionese Liberation Army sympathizer and publishing heiress Patty Hearst in 2001, President Richard Nixon's offer of clemency to Teamster boss Jimmy Hoffa in 1971, and President Jimmy Carter's commutation of Watergate conspirator G. Gordon Liddy's prison sentence in 1977.
As evidenced by the vitriol of the 2016 Campaign and subsequent General Election , a Hillary Clinton pardon by President Obama could be the only way to end the vicious cycle of recrimination and violence observed throughout the so-called Democratic process , which has encountered its own foibles and criticisms. Namely, the ongoing debate about the necessity of the electoral college and its all-or-nothing allotment, which many consider unjust and obsolete. Instead, many believe the winner of the popular vote should be elected as U.S. commander in chief, which would have resulted in President-elect Clinton occupying the Oval Office. In the aftermath of the controversial election results, a blanket pardon for the veteran politician could be the first step in healing a divided nation, which has truly demonstrated its fractured populace via the chaotic antics and disdainful actions observed throughout the extended 2016 Campaign cycle, as well as in the aftermath of its divisive conclusion.
Opinion Written and Edited by Leigh Haugh
Sources:
Personal Opinions and Observations of the Author
Detroit Free Press –Obama Should Pardon Hillary Clinton, Jesse Jackson Says
New York Times –Hillary Clinton, in Emotional Speech, Implores Supporters to Keep Believing in America
MTV –We Need Female Politicians Now More Than Ever
Washington Post –Here Are the Dozens of Democracies That Have Elected a Female Leader
All Article Images Courtesy of WikiMedia Commons – Creative Commons License clinton , Donald Trump , Hillary Clinton , jesse jackson , President Barack Obama , Presidential Pardons
ARTICLE

President-elect Donald Trump is like a one-man meteor shower of this age. He sprays white-knuckle antipathy upon all manner of people of varied religions, ethnicities, race, and any other target of choice. He avoids the 'politically correct' avenue and simply does things his own way. Trump's age of distractions has thrown the country into a frenzy leaving people careening and disoriented. The real issue is the lack of focus is not limited to the realm of politics; it has shifted into other areas that have affected many on a personal level. This is not really about the distraction of politics, it is more centered on the politics of distraction.
One of the things that continues to rise over the past 15 years or so is the increase in diagnosis involving focus. Whether it is ADHD (Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder) or OCD (Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder), the list of diagnosis that indicates a challenge in our ability to focus has America in the lead above any other country. The blame has shifted from the school system to the household, to the programmers of major television stations and now, Trump's age of distractions. Famed novelist Arthur Golden said, 'A mind troubled by doubts cannot focus on the course of victory.' With this in mind, it is evident that no matter who is to blame for the lack of focus, victims need to discover a remedy fast.
Focus, by definition, is the adjustment for distinct vision; a center of activity, attraction, and attention. It is the last part of the definition that really stands out, 'the center of a person's activity, attraction, and attention . ' Here is the real deal, people do not possess focus if it has not arrested those three areas of life. That is the difference between hobbies and passions. The latter captivates all you are and all you do. Many have failed simply because they have refused to bring their lives into a definite focus.
Focus allows us to harness our skills, intelligence, and resources and put them to work on our life goals. Most, at one time or another, have fallen into the trap of being a 'Jack of All Trades.' The part that is often missed is that we become masters of none. We spread ourselves thin in an effort to appear busy, but life's successes come from a laser beam approach toward tasks. This may be the reason America ranks nearly last amidst other countries with regards to productivity. We have more stuff than ever, but we seem to be doing less. The issue lies in our inability to focus.

Where do we begin? In a society that is screaming at us from sun up to sun down, how will we find the time to focus? Even on our jobs, we get assigned to one project only to be told the other five are really the priority. Everything was due two days ago. People consume fast food at alarming rates because it is supposed to be fast and no one has time to cook a balanced meal. This, however, leads to fears of illnesses like cancer and diabetes. People of all nationalities seem to be in a losing battle with the clock and now experts are telling saying the biggest problem is really the lack of focus. Listed below are solutions that can ease the pressure and help people to find focus in Trump's age of distractions:
Admit other things are important too: One of the first mistakes we make is trying to go 'cold turkey' when it comes to our distractions. You have had them long enough for them to become a new normal. Therefore, cutting them out will not be easy. First, devise a plan to lower a number of distractions by setting guidelines. By checking emails less frequently and turning the ringer off on your phone, you increase your ability to focus instantly. Solicit the help of colleagues: People tend to interrupt you because that is what you have trained them to do. Setting boundaries around yourself sends an instant message to people indicating you are in work mode. Let them know your times of 'on purpose' focus and that you are not to be disturbed. Usually, people will honor it. Utilize technology, sticky notes, and lists to your advantage: In your lap right now is the power to retake your focus. You probably have a smartphone, Tablet, Kindle or some other device capable of helping you organize your time. I find if we do not have a plan, we are planning to fail. Set reminders to study in your phone, read your morning paper on your iPad while commuting, or set a to-do list the night before. All these small tasks add up to big time savers in the future. In Trump's age of distraction, it has become easy to blame the lack of focus on external events. In reality, the only thing we really do control is our behavior in any given situation. Take back your life and readjust your focal point. You will be amazed at how closely life imitates a camera. Until it is turned on and focused, no memories are ever clearly captured. Remember, this is really not about the distraction of politics, but the responsibility of managing the politics of distraction.
Opinion by Cherese Jackson (Virginia) 
Source:
New York Times: The Politics of Distraction
Photo Credits:
Top Image Courtesy of Michael Vadon- Flickr License
Inline Image Courtesy of Aaron Brinker – Flickr License
Featured Image Courtesy of Nate Steiner – Flickr License
   Donald Trump , election , focus , self help
ARTICLE

Welcome to the hyperbole hour>>>>Where rhetoric and fact are mixed with speculation and dissemination of logic……Those that own the press rule the minds of the week!
ARTICLE

President-elect Donald Trump has named Steve Bannon as his senior counselor and chief strategist. Reince Priebus will be the White House chief of staff.
The uproar came when the press release announced that the two would be equal partners in the White House, thus making Bannon one of the most powerful people in the Executive Mansion. It has been stated that the most effective way to influence the White House is to be named the president's most important advisor.
Bannon's place in the Trump administration is of significance in American politics. It is also one of controversy. The president-elect's choice for his top aide was criticized by the NAACP, the Anti-Defamation League, and multiple Democratic leaders. Harry Reid stated, 'President-elect Trump's choice of Steve Bannon as his top aide signals that White Supremacists will be represented at the highest levels in Trump's White House.'
John Weaver, a Republican consultant to Governor John Kasich, sent a tweet stating 'a racist, anti-Semite' was named an equal to Trump's chief of staff and warned the nation to stay vigilant.
Bannon was a significant part of the creation and growth of the nationalist right, or alt-right movement, which welcomes those who are openly anti-Semites and racist. The Washington Post printed a similar comment when he became chairman of the Trump campaign, stating: 'it was the latest sign for white nationalists, once dismissed as fringe, that their worldview was gaining popularity and that the old Republican Party was coming to an end.'
The Bannon Climb to the White House A former spokesman for Breitbart News, Kurt Bardella, told The New Yorker that Bannon attempts to ride the coattails of anyone who could grant him political power. He supported Sarah Palin, then the Tea Party, on to Ted Cruz, jumped to Ben Carson, and so on.
From 2008 to 2016, he studied Sarah Palin and political figures that held a right-wing status. He even made documentaries about these people, creating a kind of epicenter for the nationalist right, or alt-right, movement.
After President Barack Obama was re-elected, Republican leaders, the GOP business wing, and consultants decided their focus needed to be on immigration. Priebus was the chairman of the Republican National Committee and submitted a report stating that passing legislation for immigration reform was a necessary means for the survival of the party. This situation became Bannon's window of opportunity.
He was open about his disdain for Fox News and believed Rupert Murdoch was a globalist. He thought of Priebus, Eric Cantor, Paul Ryan and other Republican leaders as enemies. Bannon made Breitbart a rebellious hub, resisting all efforts to immigration reform. He developed a friendship of support with Senator Jeff Sessions, leader of the Senate opposition.
This divide created an opening for an unnoticed group of conservatives, who had been marginalized. They shared an idea to 'promote the restoration of white culture.' Bannon provided Breitbart as an outlet to further the alt-right movement and bring it into mainstream conversation.
Journalists were sent to the Mexican border to interview Americans who believed they were victims of immigration. The writers used anti-Semitic terms in their articles while criticizing globalists and international bankers. Weeks before Bannon became chairman of the Trump campaign, he told a reporter for Mother Jones, 'We're the platform for the alt-right,' referring to the Breitbart News site.
The nationalist-right website encouraged any outsider who was a threat to Republican leadership. Ted Cruz was a key element of the government shut-down, in 2013. The news site celebrated the accomplishment. It supported David Brad when he defeated Cantor, in a primary, by verbally assaulting his Wall Street connections. The site even assisted in instigating the uprising against Speaker of the House John Boehner.
During the 2015 Republican primaries, Breitbart shredded the reputations of Marco Rubio and Jeb Bush. By the fall, Breitbart was the 'Trump propaganda machine or Trumpbart News,' as referred to by critics.
When Breitbart News reporter, Michelle Fields, was grabbed by Corey Lewandowski for approaching Trump, Bannon took the side of the presidential campaign. He did not protect his own reporter while the campaign denied the incident.
In August 2016, he found the Golden Ticket. Trump asked Bannon to chair his presidential campaign.
Under the Wing of Trump The presidential candidate had already received criticism for using the vocabulary of white nationalists and anti-Semitic radicals. This, combined with his approval from the Ku Klux Klan made Trump an even more favorable ally. Allegedly, Bannon inserted anti-Semitic and racist rhetoric in Trump's written campaign speeches and television ads. When asked about these invocations, Bannon stated that he supported 'nationalism, not white nationalism.' He believes the European movements focus on the identity of the people as a nation, not racial identity.
He stated the approval of white working-class Americans could win Trump electoral votes from Michigan and Wisconsin, in the presidential election. These states have voted Democrat since the '80s. He did not believe Hillary Clinton had the same Hispanic and African-American support Obama had garnered in 2012. This would cause her to lose the Florida electoral votes. Bannon was right.
The alt-right nationalist has nurtured his connections with like-minded people in France, the U.K., Italy, Germany, and the Netherlands. The first foreign national the president-elect met with was Nigel Farage, a friend of Bannon.
He has stated multiple times that American capitalism was constructed on 'Judeo-Christian values.' He believes that when capitalism was most beneficial, the strongest leaders were also faithful Judeo-Christians. They were either active in the Christian or Jewish faith and it was manifested in their accomplishments. Would the Founding Fathers considered white supremacists?
Senior Council The senior counselor position has been held by David Axelrod and Karl Rove, most recently. The role is a high-level function in the Oval Office that involves communication with national and foreign governments. It could involve writing speeches for the president on any occasion.
Appointing Bannon to this position tells the nation that the philosophy of the alt-right voters will integrate into American policy. Indeed, it is the plan, of the president-elect, to deport millions of immigrants after his Inauguration Ceremony. Could this begin a new Holocaust?
By Jeanette Smith
Sources:
The New Yorker: Steve Bannon Will Lead Trump's White House
The Jerusalem Post: Stephen Bannon in 2014: Racism will get 'washed out' of nationalist right
Fortune: Trump Taps Reince Priebus for Chief of Staff, Stephen Bannon as Senior Counselor
Featured Image Courtesy of Joel Hageman's Flickr Page  
Top Image Courtesy of Travis Nep Smith's Flickr Page      Bannon , Trump , white house
ARTICLE

I Agree, William. However, Trump & the right-wings will continue to drag Clinton through the mud. Obama's presidential pardon will put an end to things once and for all. It will finally be DONE & that needs to happen for the sake of the nation.
ARTICLE

It's Wednesday, the trash people picked up my trash at 5:30 this morning… this post is still way more interesting than whats on the news.. carry on.
This was Todd Kohlhepp's first post to Facebook the day Kala Brown and Charlie David Carver went missing. A little over two months later, Brown was found alive, with a chain around her neck, in a metal storage container on property belonging to Kohlhepp, in Woodruff, South Carolina.
Carver's 2002 Pontiac Grand Prix was located on the same property, covered with brush and in a ravine. Spartanburg County Coroner Rusty Clevenger confirmed a body was also found, however, no identification was given. Greenville Online reported that Solicitor Barry Barnette, from the 7th Judicial Circuit Court, acknowledged that Brown saw Kohlhepp shoot and kill Carver.
Sheriff Chuck Wright of Spartanburg County appears to think that Kohlhepp is responsible for more than kidnapping. From the new information he received from Brown, Sheriff Wright believes there could be at least four bodies buried on Kohlhepp's land. Wright told WYFF 4 News:
We're trying to make sure we don't have a serial killer on our hands. It very possibly could be what we have.
It was later confirmed that the body discovered was Carver. The couple was reportedly missing for two months before they were found.
Without any knowledge of his past, one can easily mistake Kohlhepp for a nice guy. However, recent reports of his history, paint a totally different picture of him.
The Past Life of Kohlhepp: November 1987, a year after he was charged with rape, Kohlhepp was sentenced to prison at 16 years old. He would not be released until 14 years later, at the age of 30. He has been described as incessantly aggressive to others and property since he was in nursery school. Seemingly without cause, he destroyed his own things, such as electronics, toys, clothing, and pets. These statements were made by the judge who had the rape case turned over to an adult court.
Around the age of 8, he was already seeing a counselor, due to behavioral issues at home. Reportedly, he shot a dog with a BB gun and was hitting other children. Kohlhepp's father has stated that anger is the only emotion his son shows. This anger only progressed, even with more than a decade in prison and years of counseling. He is currently 45 years old.
The Future of Kohlhepp: Weapons and ammunition were found on Kohlhepp's property, along with chains above his garage door. It may take weeks to cover the 95 acres of land, in the search for other possible victims. He is under suspicion for seven murders but has only been charged with four of them and kidnapping.
Allegedly, he often invited the waitresses from the Waffle House he frequented in Roebuck to his house. He would leave them large tips. A former cook at the restaurant said the women thought Kohlhepp was creepy. The frequent patron's behavior became so disturbing, in 2015, the cook started taking his orders.
One of those waitresses was Meagan Coxie, age 26. She and her husband, Johnny Coxie, age 29, were found murdered on Kohlhepp's property, in early November 2016. They were missing for almost a year. The Coxie's had a history of panhandling. In December 2015, the waitress was charged with child neglect after their baby tested positive for heroin.
Kohlhepp has not been charged with the Coxie murders, despite the fact their bodies were found on his property.
He has been charged with four slayings committed in 2003, known as the 'Superbike murders.' Beverly Guy, Scott Ponder, Brian Lucas, and Chris Sherbert were shot and killed, on Nov. 6, 2003, at Superbike Motorsports. This case remained cold until Kohlhepp offered his confession.
His admission to these four homicides came with his arrest on Nov. 3, 2016. He was taken into custody when police found Brown chained up in a storage container on his land.
In the meantime, Solicitor Barnette asserts that Kohlhepp is a dangerous individual. He is being held without bail and there is a court date scheduled for Jan. 19, 2017.
By Amy Weins
Edited by Jeanette Smith
Sources:
Facebook: Todd Kohlhepp
WYFF 4: Woman Missing Since August Found Held Captive, Man Still Missing Police Say
Fox Carolina: Court documents highlight troubled past of man accused of holding Anderson woman captive
Greenville Online: BREAKING: Kala Brown watch Kohlhepp shoot boyfriend, solicitor says
CBS News: The frequent patron's behavior became so disturbing, the cook started taking his orders
Images Courtesy of micro.81's Flickr Page – Creative Commons License    Charlie David Carver , Johnny Coxie , Kara Brown , Kohlhepp , Meagan Coxie , spot
ARTICLE

So the band has done it; finally, a group of like-minded individuals has started to write music and playing shows. It is exciting, corralling friends and family in a crowded bar and blasting them with the sonic abilities of the new band.
Maybe members of the musical group have started posting flyers and setting up a Facebook, ReverbNation, SoundCloud, and even a Twitter account. At some point, however, being a good band is not enough to bring in new fans. All musical groups arrive at the crossroads where they have to make a decision on where to record their music.
History of the Recording Industry There are many options today, compared to the recording industry 10 years ago. In previous years, there were not many choices. There were a handful of studios that catered to any genres, all bands, and solo artists. The quality was top of the line, however, it was expensive to record, especially for starving artists. But now, with the digital age, things have changed. It seems that anyone can stumble upon dozens of small studios within the area. Nevertheless, among all the choices, who can be trusted with original music? And even more important, what is the right balance of expense and quality?
Before digital recording became the industry standard, everything was done on reels or with ADAT hardware, and it was expensive to produce an album. That is no longer the case. For less than $1,000, with a little bit of practice and creativity, a creative music studio can be set-up at home. Is this really the right option for artists today? The answer is simple…maybe, sort of, possibly.
Some artists might look forward to tirelessly editing track after track to make that perfect cut. However, they might be robbing the band of the actual gains from a musical engineer. Sometimes having an unbiased ear that is not married to the guitar player is the insight needed to turn a song from mediocre to a hit. Most musicians forget this factor when they begin building a studio for themselves.
Recording Options Part of the price of using a professional studio is the benefit of an engineer who cares about the project and offers a new, creative element to a song the band has been playing for the last few years. If the group decides not to purchase an M-Box, Pro Tools set-up for $500, and learn the engineering side of things, there is still that big question…Which is the right studio for the band?
Larger studios will always be able to craft great sound. With their resources, they can stay up-to-date on new software, some programs cost as much as $10,000, and have access to the newest and hottest electronic 'toys' on the market. However, most musicians are worried that while larger, more professional studios can produce great sound, will it be an accurate representation of the group's style and be reproducible.
Studios that have access to all the gear and software to produce great sounding demos or albums can do so because of their sheer volume of customers. They may not be unable to give every project the time it deserves. Also, musicians may find themselves bound to a setting where the engineer does not even listen to the genre the band is playing, or maybe even hates it. Some musicians feel that paying someone to care, is not enough to put their dreams in someone else's hands. So, it the studio is not the right option, then what?
With the digital age and loads of free software like 'Reaper' and 'Garage Band,' smaller, home studios have blown up all over. It seems like anyone with a handful of microphones and a computer is a self-proclaimed engineer/producer. They can be found on Craigslist, through referrals from fellow musicians, or maybe it is even a best buddy from grade school. Still, are these small studios going to have the talent to take the band to the next level?
What to Look for When Reviewing a Small Studio Is the engineer running the studio out of his living room or worse, his parents' garage? After all, how can someone, who wants to charge money, not able to afford an actual place to work, and more importantly, create the desired sound? Smaller places like this may be significantly cheaper but may not have the resources necessary to produce the desired sound, regardless if they are a fan of the band and style. Is the engineer qualified? Has he/she gone to school or been involved in an apprenticeship program? What makes them qualified to produce an album? (That being said, there are many famous people who have fantastic talents behind the mic and the glass.) The lowest price in the world is not worth anything if the group signs up to record with a producer who has little or no idea what they are doing. Listened to previous work they have recorded. Have they produced anything like the genre and sound of the band? What is the quality of their work? There is no right answer when looking for the perfect studio for a project, but there are plenty of options. Whether it be a local staple studio, a smaller less expensive place, or create a home studio, there is one thing that is almost guaranteed to happen. Most musicians will never be satisfied with their recording.
Maybe the drummer could have done this differently, the singer was sick, or a guitar player was just a fraction out of tune. Most likely, while dissecting the demo or album, after thousands of playbacks, some sort of imperfection will be discovered. Hopefully, it is something fans will not notice, like a slight EQ problem or a fade that should have gone just a little longer.
It is important that no matter where the music is recorded, musicians go prepared. Have realistic expectations of what the end product will sound like from a qualified engineer. This is the best way for the band to feel their money was not wasted on a great project that sounds terrible.
By Alexander Johnston
Edited by Jeanette Smith
Sources:
Personal experience from business (the music lab)
Image Courtesy of Yasunari Makamura's Flickr Page – Creative Commons License    bands , Music , Recording , studio
ARTICLE

CNN reported that sea records, in the Arctic and Antarctic, were at an all-time low in early October 2016, since scientist began to keep track. Research Scientist Walt Meier said it seems as though the human race is witnessing the Arctic and Antarctic Seas at record low levels for the first time on record, which is the argument for climate change.
Meier works for the Cryospheric Sciences Laboratory, at NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center. He has also traced sea ice data since 1979.
Record low sea ice data is not new to the Arctic . However, this is a shocking turn of events for the Antarctic. Although the sea ice in the Arctic has been melting over the past decade, the sea ice in the Southern Hemisphere has been increasing.
The extent of the Antarctic Sea ice reached a record high each year from 2012 to 2014. Climate change critics indicated that the ice accumulation in the South Pole is evidence that climate change is not occurring. However, the scientific community has claimed that the process is caused by flows and differences in the hemisphere.
Additionally, Meir said that it is too early to know if the recent and rapid decline in the Antarctic Sea is going to occur regularly, such as the rapid decline in the Arctic. He concluded that the decrease in the sea ice of the Southern Hemisphere defies the argument against climate change because the ice in Antarctica is rising.
However, Skeptical Science stated that the climate has changed before and is always changing. In the past, the world experienced ice ages and warmer periods. In the previous warmer times, alligators were found in Spitzbergen.
In the last 700,0000 years, ice ages have occurred in a hundred-thousand-year cycle. There has been a warmer climate than the present one, regardless of greenhouse gasses being lower than they are now. In recent history, there have been medieval warm periods and then a little ice age, which is the argument against climate change.
Greenhouse gasses were involved in most of the climate changes throughout world history. When they were reduced, the Earth became colder. However, when they were increased, the global climate grew warmer. When the greenhouse gasses rose rapidly, the global warming that resulted became highly disruptive. The drastically warmer climate also caused mass extinctions.
In certain times, the increase in greenhouse gasses caused life to flourish, such as the Cretaceous and Eocene Periods. The gasses were in balance with the carbon in the oceans and with the weathering of the rocks. Ocean chemistry, atmospheric gasses, and life had millions of years to adjust to those levels.
However, there were several moments, in the history of the planet, where the climate jumped abruptly. Just as the climate is rapidly changing today. The extreme change was caused by rapid greenhouse gas emissions.
Skeptical Science stated that the climate was changing before humans lived. Scientists also claimed that the cause was from increased carbon emissions, such as those experienced today. They concluded that the emissions are destructive to life on Earth.
Climate Neutral Now is a global community of organizations that is committed to improving the climate by the second half of the 21st century. By the end of 2015, the world joined together to sign the Paris Agreement. Climate Neutral reported that this was a global climate change agreement that placed the foundation for a low carbon future.
However, in order to make the environment livable for the future, individuals, companies, and governments must be able to work together to gain climate neutrality. The Paris Agreement is a result of the argument for climate change.
Opinion News by John A. Federico
Edited by Jeanette Smith
Sources:
CNN: Amid higher global temperatures, sea ice at record lows at poles
Skeptical Science: What does past climate change tell us about global warming?
Climate Neutral: Go Climate Neutral Now
Featured Image Courtesy of Berkeley Lab's Flickr Page – Creative Commons License    Antarctic Sea , Arctic Sea , Climate Change , ice , spot
ARTICLE

Amusing comment Gary! 'Those   week!' So, are you saying with that sentence that press only has followers for one week ? Or are you saying that the press rules the weak ?
ARTICLE

AP News reported on Nov. 19, 2016, that a father and son duo played an important part in a cocaine trafficking trial. The trial persecuted the nephew of the first lady of Venezuela.
The United States Federal Government and several other law enforcement agencies paid Jose Santos-Penta an estimated $1 million. They also paid over $100,000 more to his son Jose Santos-Hernandez.The U.S. Federal Government purchased information from them on drug trafficking.
The two men traveled to several different countries. Some of the countries the DEA are not welcome. The duo made secret recordings of people allegedly believed to be involved in the illegal drug trade.
One of the nations involved was Venezuela, where the Santos-Pena family recorded two of Cilia Flores nephews. Cilia Flores is the wife of the nation's president who was handling a large amount of cocaine.
However, in April 2016, federal agents discovered that the father-son duo was illegally involved in illegal drug trafficking. Just as the nephew of the Venezuelan first lady was about to go on trial in New York, the duo pleaded guilty to drug trafficking charges.
They also admitted to trafficking drugs while they were assisting the DEA of building the Venezuelan case last fall. However, prosecutors continue their case against Cilia Flores' two nephews, although Jose Santos-Hernandez did not testify at their trial.
Written by John A. Federico
Edited by Cathy Milne
Source:
AP: Latin America Father-son informants trafficked drugs while on US payroll
Featured Image Courtesy of Julio César Mesa's Flickr Page – Creative Commons License Duo , HOmeless Veterans
ARTICLE

It's 3446 KKK has killed in 86 years
ARTICLE

As a liberal and a woman, Clinton did not lose because of her gender. That is a ridiculous and insulting excuse. Her history dictates that she is not a champion for women and minorities. She is definitely no role model I want my daughter to emulate. She lost because of her lies, her perchance at being non-transparent, her involvement with rigging the primaries against Senator Bernie Sanders (who would have won the general election), her poor judgment, and her Foundation's influence when she was SOS. She lost because of her subhuman character and lack of morals and ethics. Her election night abusively violent tantrum speaks for volumes about her nature. Clinton is her own worse enemy.
If she is not guilt of any wrongdoing, why is there a desperate need to pardon her? All of us, including Clinton, are suppose to abide by the laws that govern this Nation. An innocence person would embrace his/hers right to face a jury of their peers proving beyond a reasonable doubt of their innocence. All a pardon will do is divide this Nation even more – nationwide civil unrest on both sides will erupt. It will be national chaos making us vulnerable to our real enemies. So no pardon and let the justice system takes it course. Innocent or guilty,let's be done with this.
ARTICLE

Thank you! People don't even know the Panthers rose in opposition to groups like the KKK and the Panthers had Caucasian, Asian, and Latino memebers.
ARTICLE

I hadn't thought of that, but you are absolutely right. This does need to come to an end. I know the Republican party is like a pit bull and won't let this go. As much as it disturbs me to say it. I hope that Hillary and the President will consider this before he leaves. BTW…I'm going to miss President Obama and the world class leadership he brought to America.
ARTICLE

No president Barack Obama, Hillary has not been sentenced yet, so she is innocent, she doesn't need the clemency from an incumbent president. Moreover, Hillary to be treated as anyone, actually her doings link to the national security, serious crimes. Hillary couldn't stand above the law, if she escapes the crimes as director FBI James Comey did, the national wound has never healed and the nation divided, the law and constitution to be thrown into the trash bin
ARTICLE

The 2016 presidential election has left the country more divided than ever. As many continue to celebrate Donald Trump's victory, others are fighting their way through the five stages of grief surrounding Hillary Clinton's defeat and President Obama's departure. As much as some would wish otherwise, many of the wars that have stormed social media have extended through families and friendships. With Thanksgiving just a couple of days away, people are concerned that opposing voters may find it difficult to enjoy a long meal together. However, politics should not ruin thanksgiving.
There is always at least one person who arrives at the family gathering ready to talk politics and express why their view is the right one. These are the worst kind of guests. Politics should be the uninvited guest to Thanksgiving festivities as people from around the country celebrate the many reasons to be thankful this year. Anyone that brings up politics over Thanksgiving dinner, with an aim of convincing another or adding insult to injury should be dismissed and possibly not invited back.
President-elect Trump has done many distasteful things throughout the recent campaign, but ruining Thanksgiving should not be one of them. Families work hard to set up the perfect holiday gathering so they can rehash old stories, bond with the newest additions, watch their favorite football team win or lose, and celebrate life over a table filled with favorite foods. Politics should not ruin thanksgiving; instead of a deadly spiral, redirect the conversation back to what really matters.
Truth is, without the likes of a tumultuous election season, holidays have the potential to produce large amounts of anxiety. Relatives and friends, near and far, all gathered into one location hashing out competitive family updates can be stressful enough. Add some spiked cider to that mix and it becomes a recipe for a potential holiday meltdown, so there is no need for politics to ruin Thanksgiving dinner.
Families should remain a family long after Trump takes the Oval Office, so politics should not accompany the turkey at the dinner table. Somewhere down the track, attendees will be split along bipartisan lines. Instead of joining in, why not bow out before blowing up. More than politics, preserving important relationships should be the focal point.
Post-election emotions have already complicated life, as many Americans have known it. Navigating Thanksgiving dinner should not be an added stress. As such, many who are already bruised by the election are now dreading what should be an entertaining and eventful family gathering of food and fellowship. This is a time for expressing thanks while making new memories, not overshadowed by the results of a turbulent electoral season.
Politics should not ruin what has been noted as one of America's favorite holidays. With multiple personalities and beliefs at the dinner table, the only safe way to handle politics at Thanksgiving dinner is by avoiding it. Not only is it neither the time nor the place, but avoidance protects everyone's health and sanity. The holiday's intent is to bring people together peacefully and to celebrate this great country's resiliency and diversity.
Opinion by Cherese Jackson (Virginia)
Source:
Mercury News: Families dread holiday after Trump's election win
Photo Credits:
Top Image Courtesy of Bart – Flickr License
Inline Image Courtesy of Louish Pixel – Flickr License
Featured Image Courtesy of Freaktography – Flickr License family , Holiday , stress , thanksgiving
ARTICLE

The 53 rd anniversary of the assassination of President John Fitzgerald Kennedy is remembered and his life is celebrated.
On Nov. 22, 1963, the 35 th President of the United States was shot by Lee Harvey Oswald, at 12:30 p.m., in Dallas, Texas. He was in a motorcade with his wife Jacqueline, the Governor of Texas John Connally and his wife. They were traveling through Dealey Plaza when he was shot.
He won the 1960 election by a narrow margin, although, in 1961, more than 60 percent of the population claimed they voted for Kennedy. He brought a special new aspect to the White House; a young family, culture, laughter, and class. Most importantly, Americans felt he brought the people hope.
Kennedy was the only Catholic President of the United States. He once stated:
There are three things in life; God, human folly, and laughter. The first two are beyond our comprehension, we must make the best of the third.
The Life of Kennedy: His great-grandparents were immigrants from County Wexford, Ireland. He was fortunate to have not suffered poverty or discrimination, except for the Boston Brahmins, who believed he was 'Shanty Irish.' He knew he was a Fenian.
During World War II, his father's influence helped him enlist in the United States Navy. Kennedy was a skipper of PT-109, in the Salmon Islands. A Japanese destroyer cut his boat in two, in a night action. He was thrown back into the bridge, causing a lifetime back injury. Despite his pain, the skipper collected his crew and saved a burned crewmate by placing a belt under the man's arms and towing him to shore, holding the belt in his teeth. This act of valor earned him the Navy and Marine Corps. Medal and a Purple Heart.
The Kennedy Presidency: October 1962, the president had to face Russia, concerning the missiles in Cuba. Generals wanted to go to war. However, Kennedy had experienced war, thus, he negotiated a settlement. The world viewed this as a victory for Kennedy.
On June 11, 1963, his Civil Rights speech was televised across the nation. He asked Americans to allow equal rights for their fellow African-American citizens. In his speech, Kennedy stated that the nation was facing a moral issue that was 'as old as the Scriptures and as clear as the American Constitution.'
President Kennedy's Civil Rights Bill was passed by Lyndon Johnson, in 1964.
Also in June 1963, Kennedy delivered a speech in Berlin. This famous speech is known as 'Ich bin EIN Berliner.' He offered the citizens of the country hope and warned Russia that their time was coming.
He left Berlin and flew to Ireland to address the Irish Parliament. Kennedy made a point to visit Arbour Hill, the mass grave of 14 of the martyrs in the Easter Rebellion. He is the only United States leader to honor this memorial. He read the names of those buried there, while the Irish Prime Minister Sean Lemass walked by his side. Lemass knew many of the leaders in that grave.
On Aug. 5, 1963, Kennedy signed the Nuclear Test Ban Treaty. This was supposed to make the world a safer place. Nonetheless, four days later, Patrick Bouvier Kennedy, the infant son of the president, died. He was two days old.
Monday, November 18, President Kennedy made a stopover in Tampa, Florida. He was the first president to be a guest of this city. Among the multitude of conspiracy theories surrounding the assassination of the former president are a few that involve his visit to Tampa.
Tampa Conspiracy Theory: One of the many conspiracy theories claims there was a gunman at the Floridian Hotel. This gunman was prepared to assassinate President Kennedy. This theory is supported by the reports of organized crime in Tampa Bay. Per the story, the Floridian Hotel would be a good place for a sniper to set-up, in preparation to take a shot.
Oswald Acted Alone Despite Disbelief: However, Warren Commission investigated the assassination of President Kennedy and determined, in September 1964, that there was no evidence of a conspiracy. It was concluded that Oswald acted on his own.
The Associated Press conducted a poll in April 2013, and 50 percent of the American population believed more than one person was involved in the assassination of President Kennedy. They also believe it was a conspiracy. However, 24 percent of the people think Oswald acted on his own and 16 percent were undecided. A Gallup poll, in 2003, revealed 75 percent of Americans thought there was a conspiracy involved in the death of the president.
In Remembrance: Springfield, Massachusetts, held a ceremony, to honor former President Kennedy, at 1 p.m., on Nov. 22, 2016, at the Eternal Flame in Forest Park. U.S. Rep. Richard Neal and Mayor Domenic Sarno were in attendance.
A memorial wreath and three red roses were left at the Eternal Flame. The ceremony included a moment of silence in honor of Betty Sullivan, the wife of former Springfield Mayor William Sullivan. She recently passed away.
By Jeanette Smith
Sources:
Channel 8 News: Tuesday marks 53rd anniversary of JFK's assassination
Irish Central: Remembering JFK – the assassination took place 53 years ago today
Mass Live: Springfield to remember JFK on 53rd anniversary of assassination
Image Courtesy of JFK Library/Courtesy of Smithsonian Channel – Used With Permission 53rd Anniversary , assassination , Conspiracy , kennedy , spot
ARTICLE

The Dallas Cowboys seem to be doing well this season. Ezekiel Elliot set a new record for the most rushing yards, over Tony Dorsett for the franchise record. Quarterback Dak Prescott threw over 300 yards and completed 75 percent of his passes.
Dorsett, who had held the record since 1977, and helped the Cowboys win Superbowl XII, was present to congratulate Elliot. Dorsett made history with 1,007 yards rushing, 12 of which resulted in touchdowns, and he managed this feat in 208 carries. He also added almost 30 receptions for 273 yards, with one resulting in a touchdown.
Sunday, Nov. 20, 2016, Elliott was a big part of the Cowboys' 27-17 win over the Baltimore Ravens, who did not make it easy for the Dallas based team. He came into the game two yards shy of tieing Dorsett's record, which he did on his opening run of the game. As the No. 4 pick in the draft, and the only 20-year-old rookie, makes his accomplishment that much more amazing.
Backup quarterback, Prescott was sent in to play for Tony Romo, who voluntarily stepped down for the good of the team. Prescott is only two years older than Elliott. The Ravens are one of the top defensive teams, in the league. The Cowboys' win over The Ravens proves they can win when they are having a stroke of bad luck.
Winning nine consecutive games, then defeating a team they have not been able to beat gave over 93,000 fans, who were in attendance at the game, something to smile about. Especially after a controversial election that left America divided.
Football fans all over can rejoice in this accomplishment. However, this does not mean the team is unbeatable. The best team Dallas has faced this season is the New York Giants, who gave them their only loss, and currently, hold a record of 7-3. The Dallas-based team has a winning record against teams playing under .500 and only one win against a team above .500. Nevertheless, it is exciting to see a team approaching the playoffs, first place in their division, with a 9-1 record. The finest game they played all season was against Pittsburgh, which they pulled out a win because of some superb moves from Elliot. The rest of their wins are due to the schedule of teams not exactly playing to their best ability.
The Cowboys did what was needed, by beating the teams they were capable of and holding their own against the teams that were equal to them. They played well and earned their nine consecutive wins. There are six games left in the season including a rematch with the Giants at the Meadowlands stadium. When they played Baltimore, they managed to control the clock and forced their opponent to use their timeouts.
The Cowboys pulled off their ninth consecutive win against a team, which has proven to be one of their toughest opponents. The Ravens could not hold on in Sunday's game and took a 27-10 loss, against a team they had conquered many times. The momentum is with Dallas for an exciting end to the season
By Katherine Miller
Sources:
Fox sports : The Dallas Cowboys are (very) beatable
ESPN : Ezekiel Elliott sets Cowboys' rookie record for rushing yards in a season
DallasCowboys.com : Game Recap: Cowboys Beat Ravens, 27-17, to Win Ninth Straight
Top and Feature Image Courtesy of Keith Allison's Flickr Page – Creative Commons License Dak Prescott , Dallas , Ezekiel Elliott
ARTICLE

Betsy DeVos has accepted the position of education secretary for President-elect Donald Trump's cabinet. On Nov. 23, 2016, the Trump transition team verified the appointment, according to NBC News. Trump stated, 'Betsy DeVos is a brilliant and passionate education advocate.'
The 58-year-old hails from Michigan where she is the chairman of the board for the American Federation for Children. DeVos is a strong proponent of education vouchers and charter schools.
Trump believes they will end the political stranglehold that prevents American children from succeding. He further states the overall plan is to establish programs that will bring the schools up to par with the rest of the world.
Since DeVos contends that charter schools and vouchers are a good idea, enacting this policy will likely bring school choice for every child and family in America.
John F. Kirtley, the vice chairman of the foundation issued a statement of congratulations for his colleague's appointment. 'We applaud [Trump] for choosing and placing his trust in Betsy DeVos to serve as the next U.S. Secretary of Education,' wrote Kirtley.
The American Federation for Children is a national advocacy organization that promotes the fact that family choice for the education of children, kindergarten through grade 12, is essential. They support Education Savings Accounts (ESAs), which is a voucher program that allows parents to choose whatever school they deem best for their children, particularly private and home schools. They further advocate the need for school choice and scholarship tax credit programs.
Written by Cathy Milne
Sources:
NBC News: Trump Selects Charter School Advocate Betsy DeVos as Education Secretary
Amercian Federation for Children Website: Mission Statement
American Federation for Children Website: AFC Congratulates Betsy DeVos on Nomination for U.S. Secretary of Education #CMJournalist , DeVos , Donald Trump , Education Savings Accounts , Michigan
ARTICLE

On a chilly and rainy night, American living rooms became filled with a presidential debate that would go down in history as one of the most anticipated in modern times. and for all the wrong reasons. Every televised debate seemed to be more about optics than substance, more about this guy than that guy.
Presidential Debates: 
Some may remember the Kennedy-Nixon debate and the aftermath over Nixon's sweating on screen. There was the Bush-Dukakis optic of a towering George H.W. Bush over the diminutive Michael Dukakis. And few can forget the Benson-Quayle vice presidential debate and the, 'You're no John Kennedy' line.
For some reason, the build-up to the Donald Trump, Hillary Clinton debate was different. Would Trump go off the rails and say some absolutely ridiculous claim that would doom his chances? Would Clinton's health be an issue under the strain of the moment? And what of the moderator? Would Lester Holt come off a Clinton shill, as many had accused the mainstream media of being? Yes, this was a weird countdown to the Hustle at Hofstra.
Debate Results: In the end, this was more of a journeyman heavyweight than Ali-Frazier. Trump was the interrupting, aggrandizing, self-congratulatory man Americans have come to know – all style and no substance. Like Trump, Clinton did not break any new ground. She was still looking to win this election on the votes of women and minorities. Trump, still hoping to gather enough people, angry with the status quo, to sneak into the White House. Many saw nothing in the debate to swing them one way or the other.
The debate showed people more than what candidate they should choose to elect, but it showed citizens a reflection of themselves, the American people. It showed citizens that they have collectively failed as a nation. Failed to preserve the republic, and failed to demand a system that would encourage the best administrators to run this country. Instead, Americans were saddled with two combatants that will result in a divisive president, no matter who wins. As the debate progressed, both participants hit on many good points that were missed due to their personalities.
There were two points brought up, one by each. Clinton questioned why Trump would not release his tax returns. That is a problem. What is he hiding? The second point was made when Trump asked why her IT people would not testify before Congress about the email and servers. A legitimate question, considering her ties to the Clinton Foundation, as secretary of state.
So in the end, the debate was not a dud but a lesson; a lesson to all Americans that the people have failed. Failed to control the corporations who poison the republic with wads of cash; failed to demand changes to the nominating process, so that citizens can choose among the best-of-the-best to run this country; and failed to pay attention, as the nation was co-opted from the people by crony capitalism.
Yes, Americans have failed; they have failed the men and women in the mirror. It is time to remember John F. Kennedy's words, 'Ask not what your country can do for you, ask what you can do for your country.' For God sake, pay attention to the country.
Opinion by John Carmody
 
Presidential Debate: commission telecast 9/26/16
Image Courtesy of ABC – Used With Permission    Hillary Clinton , Hustle at Hofstra , presidential debates , Trump
ARTICLE

Since its origin in Entebbe, Uganda, in 1947, the Zika virus has spread through Brazil, into South and Central America and the Caribbean.
The Zika virus is contracted through a bite from an Aedes aegypti or Aedes albopictus mosquito, native to Brazil. It can also be transferred through sexual intercourse with an infected person. The virus was first found in a monkey, in 1947, and finally released as the Zika virus in 1952.
In 1954, a human in Nigeria was infected. From then until 2015, there have been minimal cases of the Zika virus, around the world, including Africa and Asia, in 2007. At first, the virus was mistaken for dengue fever, which is also spread through mosquito bites. It is viral and transmitted throughout the tropics. Side effects include a rash, conjunctivitis, and arthralgia. Serum taken from the patients showed ribonucleic acid (RNA) from the Zika virus, even though both conditions are similar.
The symptoms of the Zika virus are usually mild and most of those infected do not even notice. However, a few adults have experienced temporary paralysis. Unfortunately, the virus can cause severe birth defects in the brain of the baby, as it develops. It can cause the infant to have brain damage and a smaller head. Pregnant women have been urged by the Centers for Disease Control (CDC) not to return to areas that have been affected by the virus, and women who are looking to get pregnant have been told to get tested for the virus. In three months, Brazil reported over 3,500 cases of birth defects, and some have led to death.
In late July 2016, the Florida State Department of Health released information reporting that four people were discovered to have contracted the virus, revealing that it had reached the U.S. The location was limited to a small area in Miami, but according to the CDC there are travel-related virus cases in all the states. The worst was Florida.
Unlike these four patients, over 1,600 people in America have been infected by the Zika virus due to travel to an affected area. These four people were infected by a mosquito located in Florida. Researchers have said this was inevitable due to the state's close proximity to Puerto Rico and the Caribbean, which are both highly infected areas.
They believe that the mosquitoes in Florida are not the original mosquitoes that carry this virus since their travel is limited to 500 feet. Instead, researchers think the mosquitoes bit people already infected with the virus, and that is how it began to spread, in southern Florida. In an effort to rid the Miami area of these mosquitoes, Wynwood, a small part of the city, has been aerially spraying pesticides to kill the pests.
Public health officials are fairly confident that the number of infected people would be limited since most homes in the south have air conditioning, unlike many of the other countries that have been infested. The Aedes aegypti mosquito is rare in the U.S. and is not often found in the northern hemisphere. This newly reported information has led to a push for Congress to allow more funding to battle this virus. In July 2016, Congress left for recess without approving any funding for the virus.
However, in late September, due to the continuing outbreak of the Zika virus, the U.S. Senate approved $1.1 billion in funding to battle the virus. This money will go toward rebuilding Louisiana, increased control of the mosquitoes, continue to fund research on the virus, and hopefully find a possible vaccine.
Most recently, the Florida Department of Health stated there were 878 cases of the virus. In the U.S. alone, there have been 3,358 cases. It is even more staggering in the U.S. territories, where the number of infected people reached close to 20,000, as of September, according to the CDC website. The virus is becoming a serious health issue in the U.S. Federal and state agencies are working together to battle this virus from spreading any further.
By Allison Murphy
 
CDC: Case Counts in the US
The New York Times: 4 Zika Cases in Florida Were Likely Spread by Local Mosquitoes, CDC Says
Zika Virus: History
Local 10 News: Senate approves $1.1 billion to fight Zika virus
CBS News: Zika warning lowered for part of Miami, as spraying continues
CBS News: Florida triples Zika transmission area as new cases reported
Image by Master Sgt. Brian Ferguson Courtesy of Airman Magazine's Flickr Page – Creative Commons License    Congress , florida , spot , Zika
ARTICLE

Common Sense as defined by the Cambridge Academic Text Dictionary is the ability to use good judgement in making decisions to live in a reasonable and safe way. While that may have sounded reasonable and safe back in the sixties and seventies when I was growing up, I find myself at risk daily based on the judgement of others who make decisions that have lasting and irreversible consequences. Ever since I started writing sporadically, beginning in the early eighties for small newspapers like the Chicago Daily News and the Chicago Defender, I have enjoyed the opportunity to research, find and expose resources. I started with 'Canons on Careers', which was my weekly contribution to those readers who were looking for career and employment opportunities and financial aid to pay for, and in some cases get paid for attending college. When I started 'Just Saying' for the Guardian Liberty Voice in 2014, I was motivated to express my personal opinions about the world around me as I saw it through my limited world view. As I see the local landscape that I travail everyday, and the world at large portrayed to me and others by media moguls and highly paid infotainment charlatans, I write to vent my frustrations and fears that the world around me has been dumb down to the point where Common Sense will never again be Common!
Since I grew up in public housing and went to public schools, I have never really thought of myself as an intellectual or the brightest candle on the cake. I never ever thought that those around me would fall to such a level of illiteracy where the adults and the majority of inner city youth and young adults would struggle to read and write at an eight grade level or higher. I am in the business of hiring people daily and 7 out of ten people who I put to work daily cannot properly fill out an application or transfer information from a Resume' to the application. The fact that illiteracy has been broken down to three categories, functional, cultural and moral doesn't ease my anxieties as I see relatively modest and simple differences of opinion escalate to levels of violence and idiocy that cost people their limbs and their lives. While Functional illiteracy plagues over 24 million Americans, with over a million of them graduating from high school with a diploma the value of a wet food stamp, Cultural illiteracy is the lack of knowledge of the significant historical events that shaped this country which obscures the lessons learned ( or Not learned )! Moral illiteracy completes the three forms of illiteracy, and to my view causes the senseless and heinous callousness that prevails in the United States today! Our young are not taught the moral values of the old and therefore disrespect the old, value the new and care more about the self than the community of you! That said, how could common sense ever factor into the equation ! There is no ME in common and the only sense that counts is mine!
I'm Just Saying……What's a fella to do? I live in a country that just elected a guy named Donald Trump, President, who says he represents the people and that he is the change agent that is going to make America GREAT again. Yes, this is the guy who going to bring back all the jobs that our poor trade polices gave away. Yes, this is the guy who says Climate Change is a hoax and all those coal mining jobs are coming back to West Virginia, Pennsylvania and all those lily white towns who used to thrive on those deadly but well paying jobs. This is also the guy who is the protege' of Roy Cohn (the instigator and arbitrator of McCarthyism) who caused many people to commit suicide and destroyed countless lives with tactics of fear using race, misogyny and communism! In a NUTshell, Donald Trump cohnned many of America's so-called common folk into thinking he was with them and one of them! Yep, a millionaire/billionaire (who knows, he never revealed his taxes) who claims to be a commoner! It took me a long time Dad but now I get it…….Common Sense is not Common!!!!
