ARTICLE

FILE – In this Sept. 15, 2005 file photo, the marker that welcomes commuters to Cushing, Okla. is seen. (AP Photo/The Oklahoman, Matt Strasen, File)
Underscoring once again the dangers of America's unreliable fossil fuel infrastructure, a significant U.S. oil pipeline has been shut down after a leak was reported Monday morning.
Enterprise Products Partners said Monday it had shut its Seaway Crude Pipeline, a 400,000-barrel per day conduit that transports crude oil from Cushing, Oklahoma to Gulf coast refineries. The leak occurred Sunday night in an industrial area of Cushing. The company did not provide an estimate of the volume spilled, but said there was no danger to the public.
'Seaway personnel continue to make progress in cleaning up the spill, substantially all of which has been contained in a retention pond at Enbridge's facility,' the company said in a news release (pdf), explaining that the pipeline is a '50/50 joint venture' between Enterprise and Enbridge Inc. 'Vacuum trucks are being used to recover the crude oil and return it to storage tanks on-site.'
'The impacted segment of the legacy pipeline has a capacity of 50,000 barrels,' the release added, 'however the actual amount of crude oil released will be significantly less and won't be determined until recovery efforts are complete.'
The incident comes after another pipeline rupture in Pennsylvania early on Friday, where 55,000 gallons of gasoline poured into the Susquehanna River, and about one month after a major gasoline pipeline run by Colonial Pipeline Co. had to halt pumping for a couple of weeks due to a spill in Alabama .
Meanwhile, UPI reports that '[t]he release from the Seaway pipeline is the second associated with the Cushing storage hub in less than a month. Plains All American Pipeline reported problems with infrastructure from Colorado City [Texas] to Cushing earlier this month.'
Environmentalists, Indigenous people, and energy companies are in the midst of a heated debate over pipeline safety . Water protectors and their allies along the proposed route of the Dakota Access Pipeline (DAPL) have been saying for months that the project threatens their right to safe drinking water.
'Oil pipelines break, spill, and leak—it's not a question of if, it's a question of where and when,' 13-year-old Anna Lee Rain YellowHammer, a member of the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe, wrote in a recent appeal.
'With such a high chance that this pipeline will leak,' she wrote of the Enbridge-backed DAPL , 'I can only guess that the oil industry keeps pushing for it because it doesn't care about our health and safety. The industry seems to think our lives are more expendable than others'.'
Indeed, referring to the Cushing leak, one observer tweeted on Monday: 'That's why we're screaming #NoDAPL ! They always break!'
Seaway Crude pipeline system shut after Cushing, OK spill. That's why we're screaming #NoDAPL ! They always break! https://t.co/oXiLXcBRly
— Deanna Rilling (@DeannaRilling) October 24, 2016
ARTICLE

Videos Space Wars Likely In The Future As US, Russia Develop Satellite Weapons Mankind will have to decide whether to militarize space or not. There are very difficult negotiations in process. Moreover, the US wants to pass a bill to declare certain orbits exclusively American." | October 27, 2016 Be Sociable, Share! A United Launch Alliance Delta IV lifts off from Space Launch Complex-37 with the Air Force's Global Positioning System (GPS) IIF-5 satellite. Recently, the Russian space agency Roscosmos kicked off tenders for three GLONASS satellites to be launched in 2017-2018. The company is expected to spend over one billion rubles ($16 million) on the program. 
The first launch is scheduled for December 25, 2017, the other two – for November 25, 2018. The satellite will be carried by a Soyuz-2.1b rocket from the Plesetsk Cosmodrome spaceport. 
In February and May 2016, two Glonass-M satellites were added to the GLONASS system. Currently, the system involves 27 satellites, 23 of which are in operation, two are put in orbital reserve, one is undergoing flight tests, and the last is undergoing maintenance. 
In the event of a military conflict, communication satellites would be an important target, military expert and observer Viktor Baranets said. 'The current situation in space is that no satellites are protected, no matter at what orbits they are. The reason is that alongside with development of space systems, the US is running on all cylinders developing space weapons,' Baranets told Radio Sputnik. Moreover, China already joined the game, with an anti-satellite missile test in 2007. 
'Russia has its own plans too. I think that if Washington keeps ignoring Russia's calls for the demilitarization of space, the so-called 'combat cosmonautics' would become reality,' Baranets pointed out. 
His words were echoed by Russian defense expert Vasily Kashin. In an interview with Sputnik China , Kashin said that modern satellites are almost devoid of any opportunity to protect themselves from the impact of interceptor missiles. 
In 2008, the Russian and Chinese governments proposed an international agreement to prevent the deployment of weapons in outer space but the US government under Presidents George W. Bush and Barack Obama has consistently rejected launching negotiations to conclude such a treaty. 
Before Barack Obama became president, during his presidential campaign, he called for talks with Russia on anti-satellite weapons which started back in the 1970s but then was terminated by Washington. However, no progress has been made on the issue. 
Baranets said it could not be ruled out that in the future space might be militarized which would pose a threat to the entire world. 'Mankind will have to decide whether to militarize space or not. There are very difficult negotiations in process. Moreover, the US wants to pass a bill to declare certain orbits exclusively American,' Baranets said. 
According to him, the defense industries of both Russia and the US are working to develope space combat systems. If the process is not stopped 'space wars may be possible.' 
The expert stressed that the 1967 Outer Space Treaty between the US, the USSR and Britain should be revised. The document represents the legal framework of international space law, including prohibition of weapons of mass destruction in orbit. 
'The treaty should be revised as soon as possible. This will prevent militarization of space. Now, space is becoming a place for effective strikes against the enemy,' the expert concluded. 
In turn, Kashin assumed that anti-satellite weaponry is a new reality that should be considered while planning a possible military operation. In this new reality, Russia, China, the US, as well as India and Iran will most likely possess domestically-made sophisticated anti-satellite weapons, according to him.
ARTICLE

Goldman Sachs Endorses Hillary Clinton For President For Goldman Sachs, was there really any other choice this cycle? | October 27, 2016 Be Sociable, Share! Lloyd Blankfein, CEO of Goldman Sachs, is greeted by Hillary Clinton at a panel discussion at the Clinton Global Initiative, Sept. 24, 2014 in New York. 
Published in partnership with Shadowproof . 
He's with her. On Sunday, former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton earned the endorsement of Goldman Sachs CEO Lloyd Blankfein —an endorsement she had been working toward for years. 
As was revealed by Wikileaks, Hillary Clinton spent the run up to her presidential campaign giving speeches to Goldman Sachs and other Wall Street banks, where she praised their talents and explained her positions on financial regulation. 
On October 24, 2013, Clinton told Goldman Sachs that Dodd-Frank had to be done mostly for 'political reasons' because Congress needed to look like it was doing something about the crisis. She said, 'There's nothing magic about regulations, too much is bad, too little is bad. How do you get to the golden key, how do we figure out what works? And the people that know the industry better than anybody are the people who work in the industry.' 
Yes, she essentially endorsed Wall Street writing the rules because Wall Street knows its business best and complained to Goldman Sachs that regulations had frightened bankers. 
'I mean, right now, there are so many places in our country where the banks are not doing what they need to do because they're scared of regulations, they're scared of the other shoe dropping, they're just plain scared, so credit is not flowing the way it needs to to restart economic growth,' Clinton said. 'So people are, you know, a little — they're still uncertain, and they're uncertain both because they don't know what might come next in terms of regulations, but they're also uncertain because of changes in a global economy that we're only beginning to take hold of.' 
Music to Wall Street's ears. For Goldman Sachs, was there really any other choice this cycle? After all, they did pay Hillary Clinton $675,000 for those three speeches, and have generously supported her political career. 
Despite her private comments to Goldman Sachs, Hillary Clinton has taken a tough public position on Wall Street during the campaign, likely due to Senator Bernie Sanders' success in the primaries. Of course, Wikileaks also revealed that Clinton told the National Multi-housing Council in a private speech that 'you need both a public and a private position.' 
So the real question is, what do Blankfein and Goldman want in return and what is Clinton's private position on giving it to them? Be Sociable, Share!
ARTICLE

U.S.Army 4.7mm anti-aircraft gunsare lined up in the final assembly area of the Grand Rapids stamping division of Fisher Body in Detroit on June 1, 1944, prior to shipping.
MUNICH — World War II marked a crucial turning point for U.S. empire building and the growth of global capitalism, according to the historical analysis of noted political philosopher and scholar Noam Chomsky.
Chomsky examined U.S. domination of world affairs in ' Who Owns The World? ,' a speech he delivered at the University of Massachusetts Amherst in 2012. In May, he published a book, 'Who Rules The World?,' which examines similar themes.
Watch ' Noam Chomsky: Who Owns the World? Resistance and Ways Forward ' :
He revisited the topic in a recent conversation with Zain Raza, a senior editor at the independent media outlet acTVism Munich. An excerpt from that conversation was published on Tuesday as part of acTVism Munich's 'Reexamining History' series .
Much of the U.S. government's global strategy both during and after World War II was based on a plan proposed by the State Department and the Council on Foreign Relations , which Chomsky describes as the 'major, non-governmental institution concerned with foreign affairs' whose membership 'draws from a wide range of elite elements, business, politics, academics, and so on.'
Between 1939 and 1945, the State Department and the Council on Foreign Relations held regular strategy meetings to develop a post-war economic plan. These meetings led to proposal under which the United States would dominate a vast swath of the globe that came to be known as the 'Grand Area,' Chomsky said. Explaining that the 'Grand Area' would include 'the Western Hemisphere,' Chomsky said:
'It included the former British Empire, which the U.S. was intending to largely take over, maybe Britain would be a junior partner. And as much of Europe, the commercial and industrial center of Europe, as much of that as possible. Certainly Western Europe, its industrial, technological, commercial center.'
Within the 'Grand Area,' Chomsky continued, 'the United States would have pretty much complete economic and political control.'
With the collapse of the German economy after the war, and amid the beginnings of the Cold War with Russia and China, the United States was in a unique position to implement this plan. Chomsky said:
'The war was very beneficial to the U.S. economy. Its industrial production virtually quadrupled, wartime spending ended the Depression, which had not been ended before — enormous stimulus to the economy. The technology that was developed just laid the basis for post-war growth. In that context 'Grand Area' planning of the kind I described was by no means unrealistic.'
Far from a Pentagon pipedream, the 'Grand Area' became concrete U.S. foreign policy, and its effects linger to this day.
'If you look at the policies implemented and developed in the early post-war period, they follow these prescriptions pretty closely,' Chomsky said.
As Chomsky and other historians have observed, Washington's plans to dominate the 'Grand Area' led directly to the Vietnam War. They were also crucial in the development of the International Monetary Fund , which continues to disrupt global economies for the benefit of multinational corporations and the military-industrial complex.
Watch ' Reexamining History with Noam Chomsky: New World Order & the Grand Area ':
ARTICLE

Marc Zell, co-chairman of Republicans Overseas Israel speaks as the Republican Party launches its first ever election campaign in Israel in Modiin, Monday, Aug. 15, 2016.
Donald Trump's adviser on Israel said on Wednesday that Jewish settlements in the occupied West Bank are not illegal, adding that he believes the candidate agrees with him, putting the pair at odds with much of the world.
Speaking to AFP at a rooftop restaurant on Jerusalem's Mount Zion after a pro-Trump rally, David Friedman also said the US presidential candidate was 'tremendously sceptical' about the prospects for a two-state solution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict.
About 150 people, including right-wing Israelis and evangelical Christians, attended Wednesday's Trump rally outside the walls of Jerusalem's Old City, near the flashpoint Al-Aqsa mosque compound.
The compound is holy to both Muslims and Jews, who refer to it as the Temple Mount. Located in East Jerusalem, it was occupied by Israel in 1967 and later annexed in a move never recognised by the international community.
Asked whether Trump viewed the West Bank as part of Israel, as many far-right Israelis do, Friedman did not answer directly.
'I don't think he believes that the settlements are illegal,' Friedman said.
Myself and . @realDonaldTrump senior #Israel advisor David Friedman at the #JerusalemForever event that was held tonight at the old city. pic.twitter.com/2JxEWRrk8o
— Israeli for Trump (@davidweissman3) October 26, 2016
Israeli religious nationalists see the Palestinian territory as part of the country, citing Jews' connection to the land from biblical times.
The US has intensified criticism of Israeli settlement building in the West Bank in recent months, warning that it is eating away at hopes for a two-state solution.
Settlements in the West Bank are viewed as illegal under international law and are major stumbling blocks to peace efforts because they are built on land seized in the 1967 war which Palestinians see as part of their future state.
At an American Israel Public Affairs Committee conference in March, Trump described an 'unbreakable bond' between the US and Israel.
'When I become president, the days of treating Israel like a second-class citizen will end on day one,' Trump told delegates, in a speech that heaped praise on Israel and derided Palestinians as perpetrators of violence.
Recalling rounds of failed peace talks between the two parties, Trump blamed Palestinian leaders.
'To make a great deal, you need two willing participants,' Trump said. 'We know Israel is willing to deal. Israel has been trying to sit down at the negotiating table without preconditions for years.'
Friedman reiterated that Trump would recognise Jerusalem as Israel's capital and move the US embassy there – which would break with decades of precedent and put Washington at odds with most UN member states.
There were chants of 'lock her up' when Trump's Democrat rival Hillary Clinton's name was mentioned at the rally ahead of the 8 November vote – a common refrain among Trump supporters who want to see her jailed over an emails scandal.
'I hate Hillary. She's the same like (Barack) Obama,' said Ran Hofman, 54, who waved an Israeli flag. 'They screw up the whole world.'
A brief video message from Trump of about one minute was played at the event.
'Together we will stand up to the enemies like Iran, bent on destroying Israel and her people,' Trump said. 'Together we will make America and Israel safe again.'
ARTICLE

Videos Protesters Disrupt 'Affirmative Action Bake Sale' At UT-Austin The bake sale hosted by the Young Conservatives of Texas — in which prices varied depending on the buyer's race and gender — was meant to protest the consideration of race in admissions. | October 27, 2016 Be Sociable, Share! The Young Conservatives of Texas at UT Austin held a bake sale at the West Mall to discuss affirmative action policies on Wednesday, Oct. 26, 2016. The Young Conservatives were met with criticism, which resulted in a protest and several intense conversations among students. (Photo: Shelby Knowles/Texas Tribune/cc) 
A controversial bake sale meant to protest race-based admissions at the University of Texas at Austin drew its own opponents on Wednesday. 
The campus branch of the Young Conservatives of Texas hosted the bake sale — in which prices varied depending on the buyer's race and gender — to draw attention to affirmative action, which the event's organizers said 'demeans minorities on our campus by placing labels of race and gender on their accomplishments.' A cookie cost $1.50 for Asian males, 75 cents for white females and 25 cents for Hispanic females. 
More than 100 of their classmates showed up to host a counter-protest, calling the bake sale an offensive and inappropriate stunt. 
'The labeling of races and the different prices of each is unacceptable…' said Jarvis Dillard, a UT freshman and one of the students protesting the bake sale. 'White males have privilege above all the other races.' 
In a statement Wednesday, Greg Vincent, the university's vice president for diversity and community engagement, called the event 'inflammatory and demeaning.' 
'Focusing our attention on the provocative nature of the YCT's actions ignores a much more important issue: They create an environment of exclusion and disrespect among our students, faculty and staff,' the statement says. 
The young conservatives group held a similar bake sale in 2013 and was similarly chastised by Vincent, who called that event 'deplorable.' 
UT-Austin's affirmative action policies have put the university in the spotlight over the past few years. In June 2016, the U.S. Supreme Court upheld the university's affirmative action system in a 4-3 vote after it was challenged by a white woman, Abigail Fisher, who was denied admission. Fisher argued she was passed over by UT while less qualified minority students were not. 
The university considered the Supreme Court decision — which gives a small boost in admission to black and Hispanic students — a win. As of 2015, however, black students only made up 3.9 percent of the student population. During the protest, UT student body president Kevin Helgren said the campus has a long way to go in terms of inclusivity and diversity. 
'Institutionalized racism exists and affirmative action helps to combat that,' Helgren said during the protest. 'The act of putting financial values on groups of people based on their gender or on their race, in my opinion, is a really prominent way to engage in racism in 2016.' 
On the young conservatives' Facebook event page, the group wrote: 'YCT is a truly colorblind organization and believes that all government institutions are constitutionally prohibited from discriminating on the basis of race in all circumstances, including affirmative action.' 
Christopher Shafik, a 19-year-old member of the young conservatives group, said 'people assume that because we are in a position against affirmative action that we're racist.' He said the opposite is true, and that the organization must work to change its image on campus. This work by T he Texas Tribune is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0 International License. 

ARTICLE

Videos It's Rigged: Takes One To Know One Increasing skepticism of the U.S. government can either lead to ugly conspiracy theorizing, or fuel a movement to bend the status quo. Be Sociable, Share! 
The system is rigged. 
Let's be clear: the American political system favors the two major parties and our economic system favors the wealthy. The global system is similarly rigged in favor of powerful countries (such as the United States) and powerful economic actors (such as transnational corporations). 
This is not, however, a conspiracy. No secret group of Bilderburgers, Illuminati, Masons, or Jews works behind the scenes to control the system in the United States or globally. Concentrations of power distort the fabric of our societies, just as large celestial bodies distort the fabric of space. It doesn't take an Einstein to understand the structural impact of wealth and influence. 
Donald Trump, however, has his own theories about how the world works. 
In a chilling, if predictable, development in the presidential campaign, the Republican presidential candidate has amped up his assertions that a conspiratorial cluster of actors is out to get him. Trump's latest charges — that the media is out to get him, that women 'not his type' have invented sexual harassment charges against him, that debate organizers and election officials and international bankers are, as we speak, ensuring that Trump will fail — are of a piece with his earlier claims that President Obama was born in Kenya. 
I would dearly love to believe that the system is rigged against racist, xenophobic misogynists, but the fact that Trump has gotten this far – in the election, in his career – suggests otherwise. As my colleague Chuck Collins points out, Trump was born on third base (and, as his latest book demonstrates , Chuck knows an unearned triple when he sees one). A growing All-Star roster of Democrats and Republicans is currently trying to prevent ambitious Donald from stealing home. It's true: when you're that loathsome, everyone is out to get you. 
And now, within a few weeks of being tagged out at the presidential plate, Trump is crying foul. It beggars the imagination that someone like Trump, who has benefitted from so many backroom deals, now claims that the system that has so richly rewarded his family is tilted against him. But then, Trump the amoralist courts the evangelical vote , Trump the global capitalist casts himself as an American firster, and Trump the billionaire pretends that he's suddenly a populist. There are not enough bridges in the world to sell to the credulous taken in by Trump's hucksterism. 
For the comfortably well off, this kind of campaign tactic seems ludicrous in its transparently self-serving paranoia. But for the millions of Americans who have not prospered in the new economy, all this talk of conspiracies affirms a deeply held conviction that malevolent puppet masters are at work behind the scenes. It can be a great comfort to blame misfortune on someone specific — the Devil, immigrants, feminists, liberal reporters — rather than a capricious universe or the workings of structural inequality. 
You can expend a lot of time and energy patiently explaining the near impossibility of rigging a national election or getting a bunch of journalists to agree to follow any sort of plan. In the absence of any supporting proof, Donald Trump's supporters have made a leap of faith. 
They'll find out soon enough just how far a drop it will be. 
From Practice to Theory 
Conspiracies used to be rather straightforward affairs. The former allies of Julius Caesar conspired to rid the world of their power-hungry leader. In 1605, a number of Catholic activists plotted to blow up the British parliament. In 1865, a group of disgruntled Confederate sympathizers succeeded in assassinating Abraham Lincoln, while in 1944 a group of disgruntled Nazis failed in their effort to get rid of Adolph Hitler. 
In all of these cases, conspiracy was a necessary tactic. If the secret got out — as it did with the Gunpowder Plot of 1605 — the mission would fail. 
At some point, however, the balance of power shifted in the equation. Where once the powerless created conspiracies to bring down the mighty — an emperor, a king, a president — 'conspiracy' more often meant in the late 20 th century an effort by the powerful to increase their domination. During this shift, the logic of conspiracy seemed to dry up and flutter away. Why should the powerful need to rely on conspiracy to further their aims? Did they not already control all the levers of authority? 
What were once concrete acts have become increasingly abstract theories. 
Let me anticipate your objection that some conspiracy theories have turned out to be true. Didn't the CIA indeed attempt to subvert the Cuban system and take out Fidel Castro? Didn't the Nixon administration orchestrate the Watergate break-in as one of its many dirty tricks? And what about Iran-Contra? 
In all three cases, the conspirators didn't control the system. They engaged in secret missions to get around checks and balances or the political rules of the game. Their efforts were a sign of weakness, not strength. These exceptions prove the rule that the system is not rigged in a wacky conspiratorial way but in far more mundane, structural ways. 
Today, conspiracy means so much more than an agency run amok or a president who breaks the rules. Conspiracy theorists believe that the U.S. government is behind the 9-11 attacks, that NASA faked the moon landing, that the Holocaust never happened. Conspiracy theories boil down messy complex reality into digestible pabulum. And where philosophers would impute omnipotence to an omniscient deity, conspiracy theorists now attribute omnipotence to bureaucratic organizations (CIA, UN, World Bank, Federal Reserve). Anyone who has ever worked in these organizations knows, however, that they are too bureaucratically diffuse and, frankly, incompetent to accomplish even one small part of what conspiracy theorists expect them to do. 
Modern conspiracy theories are a desperate response to the bewildering proliferation of bureaucratic organizations and the increasing complexity of society. Conspiracy theories are, for the many who tout them, a secular version of God. Surely some invisible hand is behind the inexplicable. 
Trump Goes Low and Outside Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump and Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton are introduced during the presidential debate at Hofstra University in Hempstead, N.Y., Monday, Sept. 26, 2016. 
In a speech last week in Florida, Donald Trump declared that WikiLeaks documents reveal that 'Hillary Clinton meets in secret with international banks to plot the destruction of U.S. sovereignty in order to enrich these global financial powers, her special interest friends and her donors.' 
Trump continued, 'This is a conspiracy against you, the American people, and we cannot let this happen or continue.' 
Let's look more carefully at this assertion, which was an intriguing bait-and-switch gambit of using veiled anti-Semitism to draw attention away from claims of explicit sexual harassment. The latest Wikileaks dump included a number of remarks Clinton made to bankers. Most of these excerpts were from speeches to domestic institutions like Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley. But there was also one nugget from a speech Clinton gave to the former Brazilian bank, Banco Itau. 'My dream,' Clinton told the Brazilian bankers in 2013, 'is a hemispheric common market, with open trade and open borders, some time in the future with energy that is as green and sustainable as we can get it, powering growth and opportunity for every person in the hemisphere.' 
The alt-right went crazy over this sentence largely because of the phrase 'open borders.' They took this to mean no restrictions on immigration. Really? What international banking institution supports open borders for immigrants ? Banks, of course, want to see money flow around the world with as few restrictions as possible. But people? Clinton obviously meant open economic borders, which comes with its own problems but is hardly a conspiracy. 
The second part of Trump's charge, Clinton's efforts to destroy 'U.S. sovereignty,' is almost laughable. Clinton, like Trump, is a firm believer in American exceptionalism. To keep American atop the global economy is a core belief for anyone who operates at the highest levels of the American political system. Clinton, like many others, believes that free trade is a way to keep America on top. She might alter her position on free trade for the purposes of the presidential campaign. You might believe her or not believe her. But she is firmly, perhaps even maniacally, committed to the preservation and augmentation of sovereign American power. 
Where is Trump going with all this? 
On April 29, 1991, the sports announcer and former footballer David Icke appeared on the Terry Wogan show on the BBC and declared that the world would end and he was, basically, the son of God. It was the end of one career as a respected public figure and the beginning of another as a serial conspiracy theorist. In perhaps his most famous book, The Biggest Secret , Icke argued that the Earth had been taken over by large alien reptiles that could assume the shapes of world leaders. Give or take a few asylum dwellers, 12 million Americans believe that Icke is right. 
I think Donald Trump is now having his David Icke moment. Perhaps his true October surprise will be the revelation, just before the election, that Hillary Clinton is not just a lawbreaker, not just on drugs, and not just in conspiratorial cahoots with a cabal of corporate criminals. Soon, to borrow from TV parlance, Donald will jump the lizard. 
On October 31, Trump will declare that Hillary Clinton is an alien. 
Meanwhile in Russia Russian President Vladimir Putin meets with then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton in Vladivostok, Russia in 2012. 
The loony right is not the only side of the political spectrum that traffics in conspiracy theories. The loony left has its own bizarre takes on international affairs (I wish we could declare an Internet moratorium on the phrase 'false flag'). 
But the center too has its conspiracy theories. There has been much speculation about Vladimir Putin's desire to bring about a color revolution in the United States as payback for all the meddling the United States has done in the Russian near abroad. 
I have no doubt that the Russian government is behind the hacking of the DNC, John Podesta's email account, and so on. I also suspect that Julian Assange has gone off the deep end in his Trumpian effort to disrupt the status quo at any cost. I might even go so far as to presume a joint effort by the Kremlin and Wikileaks to release this information at the most damaging moments possible (just before the Democratic Convention, in the lead-up to the election). It's not a conspiracy. Call it a marriage of convenience. Or a joint criminal enterprise, if you prefer. 
But I don't think that Vladimir Putin has a grand plan for bringing the United States to its knees or even to disrupt the U.S. elections. Putin has enough challenges keeping his own far-flung network of interests intact. The hacking is a little something on the side, in the great Soviet tradition of disinformation. I doubt that anyone in the Kremlin puts much stock in the effort, particularly since the Russian president knows that Donald Trump would be a disaster for U.S.-Russian relations. Putin values predictable, boring leaders, not ones that can turn on a dime in their affections. 
All across the political spectrum in the United States, the lure of conspiracy theories is strong. Many people accept Donald Trump's particular interpretation that 'the system is rigged' — 25 percent of Americans don't believe the economic data produced by the U.S. government and 41 percent believe that the election could be stolen from Trump. 
This radical skepticism can lead to the worst kind of conspiracy theorizing. Or it can fuel a movement to bend the status quo so that it aligns with the long arc of the moral universe. As economist John Maynard Keynes once said, 'The power of vested interests is vastly exaggerated compared with the gradual encroachment of ideas.' Over the last decade, the idea that the growing inequality gap is wrong — morally, politically, economically — has been gradually encroaching upon American public opinion. Out of this sordid election campaign, perhaps Americans can find common ground on a new vision of justice. This work by Foreign Policy In Focus – A project of the Institute for Policy Studies , is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike International License. 
The views expressed in this article are the author's own and do not necessarily reflect Mint Press News editorial policy. Be Sociable, Share!
ARTICLE

Videos Florida University Students Latest Victims Of On-Campus Racism Students at Florida Gulf Coast University were greeted by 'kill n s' and a drawing of a man hanging from a tree on a classroom whiteboard. | October 27, 2016 Be Sociable, Share! The message on the whiteboard read, 'Kill N—–s,' along with a drawing of a stick figure hanging from a tree with a rope around its neck. 
Amid one of the most racist presidential campaigns in the United States, a hateful threat with the words 'kill n s' and a drawing of a person hanging from a tree were painted on a whiteboard at Florida Gulf Coast University earlier this month, but police failed to launch an investigation. 
Officials believe the vandalism occurred on Oct. 12, soon after it was found by a professor at the university. President Wilson Bradshaw called the incident 'deeply disturbing' In a statement released Wednesday, 
'While occurrences such as this are very rare at FGCU, we strongly condemn this hateful expression which is contrary to the civil and mutually respectful culture of our campus community,' he said. 
The person who made the drawing is unknown and the university police department said it could not do anything other than increase patrols in the area. 'This was on a whiteboard with the proper type of pens so easily erased, therefore, no vandalism. As there is no crime, there is no hate crime,' Chief of Police Steven Moore said. 
Students of color said such threats made them feel less safe in their own classrooms as it was directed at them. 'The fact that it is in relation to the way I identify, yeah that's harsh, that's … kinda scary,' a student named Cassie told WBBH TV channel. 
Attacks on Black and other people of color have skyrocketed over the past few years amid a heated national debate and unrest over police killings of unarmed Black people. 
The anti-police brutality Black Lives Matter movement was countered by pro-police groups rallying under slogans such as 'White lives matter' and 'All lives matter' and arguing that African-Americans do not suffer from systemic racism in the country. 
Earlier this month, the historic Black Ashburn Colored School in Virginia was vandalized with racist graffiti , including swastikas and 'white power' slogans, as it was being renovated by a group of local students who looked to turn it into an education museum. 
Anti-Black sentiment in the U.S. seems to be on the rise. Just last week, a group of white students at Texas State University stormed out of an anthropology class after the professor explained all humans were descended from Africa. 
The walkout caused heated debate, with the remaining students chanting 'Black lives matter,' and criticizing the racist attitudes of their classmates. 
The news comes amid a presidential electoral season that saw white supremacist and neo-Nazi activists using the campaign of Republican candidate Donald Trump to become more vocal and push their racist agendas. 
Nearly half of Trump's supporters described African-Americans as more 'violent' than whites, according to a Reuters poll in June. The same proportion described African-Americans as more 'criminal' than whites, while 40 percent described them as more 'lazy' than whites. 
But racist views crossed party boundaries in the country. The same poll found that one-third of Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton supporters described Black people as more 'violent' and 'criminal' than whites, and one-quarter described them as more 'lazy' than whites. 
Watch 'Racial slur in FGCU classroom stirs student outrage':
ARTICLE

Trump Adviser Says Israeli Settlements 'Not Illegal' Contrary to Trump camp's statements, Israeli settlements are a violation of international law, | October 27, 2016 Be Sociable, Share! Marc Zell, co-chairman of Republicans Overseas Israel speaks as the Republican Party launches its first ever election campaign in Israel in Modiin, Monday, Aug. 15, 2016. 
Donald Trump's adviser on Israel said on Wednesday that Jewish settlements in the occupied West Bank are not illegal, adding that he believes the candidate agrees with him, putting the pair at odds with much of the world. 
Speaking to AFP at a rooftop restaurant on Jerusalem's Mount Zion after a pro-Trump rally, David Friedman also said the US presidential candidate was 'tremendously sceptical' about the prospects for a two-state solution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict. 
About 150 people, including right-wing Israelis and evangelical Christians, attended Wednesday's Trump rally outside the walls of Jerusalem's Old City, near the flashpoint Al-Aqsa mosque compound. 
The compound is holy to both Muslims and Jews, who refer to it as the Temple Mount. Located in East Jerusalem, it was occupied by Israel in 1967 and later annexed in a move never recognised by the international community. 
Asked whether Trump viewed the West Bank as part of Israel, as many far-right Israelis do, Friedman did not answer directly. 
'I don't think he believes that the settlements are illegal,' Friedman said. Myself and . @realDonaldTrump senior #Israel advisor David Friedman at the #JerusalemForever event that was held tonight at the old city. pic.twitter.com/2JxEWRrk8o 
— Israeli for Trump (@davidweissman3) October 26, 2016 
Israeli religious nationalists see the Palestinian territory as part of the country, citing Jews' connection to the land from biblical times. 
The US has intensified criticism of Israeli settlement building in the West Bank in recent months, warning that it is eating away at hopes for a two-state solution. 
Settlements in the West Bank are viewed as illegal under international law and are major stumbling blocks to peace efforts because they are built on land seized in the 1967 war which Palestinians see as part of their future state. 
At an American Israel Public Affairs Committee conference in March, Trump described an 'unbreakable bond' between the US and Israel. 
'When I become president, the days of treating Israel like a second-class citizen will end on day one,' Trump told delegates, in a speech that heaped praise on Israel and derided Palestinians as perpetrators of violence. 
Recalling rounds of failed peace talks between the two parties, Trump blamed Palestinian leaders. 
'To make a great deal, you need two willing participants,' Trump said. 'We know Israel is willing to deal. Israel has been trying to sit down at the negotiating table without preconditions for years.' 
Friedman reiterated that Trump would recognise Jerusalem as Israel's capital and move the US embassy there – which would break with decades of precedent and put Washington at odds with most UN member states. 
There were chants of 'lock her up' when Trump's Democrat rival Hillary Clinton's name was mentioned at the rally ahead of the 8 November vote – a common refrain among Trump supporters who want to see her jailed over an emails scandal. 
'I hate Hillary. She's the same like (Barack) Obama,' said Ran Hofman, 54, who waved an Israeli flag. 'They screw up the whole world.' 
A brief video message from Trump of about one minute was played at the event. 
'Together we will stand up to the enemies like Iran, bent on destroying Israel and her people,' Trump said. 'Together we will make America and Israel safe again.'
ARTICLE

Videos NATO Buildup On Russian Border Largest Since Cold War The United States' envoy to NATO, Douglas Lute, told reporters that NATO and the US military may consider Russia a threat if they had nuclear weapons within range of NATO's deployment. | October 27, 2016 Be Sociable, Share! A Romanian soldier secures the perimeter around Romanian Air Force F16 fighter jets parked on the runway of the Air Base 86, in Borcea, southern Romania, Friday, Oct. 7, 2016. 
In the midst of deepening tension between US allies NATO and Russia, NATO is planning the largest military buildup along the Russian border since the cold war. 
NATO called on allied governments this week to contribute whatever troops and equipment they can to the effort. According to Reuters , thousands of troops are expected to arrive in the coming days and weeks. 
It was reported that Italy, France, Denmark and other European states are expected to join the NATO military divisions that will be led by the United States along Russia's border. 
On Wednesday, Britain announced it is sending hundreds of soldiers and hardware to Russia's borders as part of a huge military deployment. 
A total of 800 troops, drones and tanks are moving to Estonia as part of the biggest military build-up of NATO troops on Russia's borders since the Cold War. 
In addition to the forces allocated for his specific operation, NATO has an army of over 40,000 ready to be called up to fight at any time. 
The US military claims that this threatening move is meant to act as a 'deterrent' to the Russian military, but this is obvious a move that will escalate tensions and push towards a possible third world war. 
'This is a credible deterrence, not to provoke a conflict but to prevent conflict,' NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg said on Tuesday — ironically ignoring the fact that it is a de facto provocation. 
Just imagine what would happen if Russian troops amassed along the Mexican border and told the US that this move was to 'prevent conflict.' 
The so-called Iskander-M cruise missiles can hit targets across Poland and the Baltics, although NATO officials declined to say if Russia had moved nuclear warheads to Kaliningrad. 
The United States' envoy to NATO, Douglas Lute, told reporters that NATO and the US military may consider Russia a threat if they had nuclear weapons within range of NATO's deployment. This statement is insane considering the fact that the US military is the one that is many miles from home on the border of someone else's lands. 
'This deployment, if it becomes permanent if the presence of nuclear weapons were confirmed, would be a change in (Russia's) security posture,' Lute said. 
If anyone is a threat, it is NATO and the US government. 
These military tensions are the result of an ongoing proxy war in Syria, in which Western powers are attempting to institute a regime change in the country by funding violent rebel groups. Meanwhile, Russia has interests in keeping their allies in the Syrian government in control, putting the two superpowers at odds. 
Until now, Russia and the US have been fighting through third parties, just as they had during the previous Cold War, and the same type of situation is developing today.
ARTICLE

Videos Noam Chomsky: US Commenced Plan To Dominate 'Grand Area' Of The Globe After WWII After World War II, Chomsky said the U.S. implemented a plan 'in which the United States would have pretty much complete economic and political control' over a massive percentage of the planet. | October 27, 2016 Be Sociable, Share! U.S.Army 4.7mm anti-aircraft gunsare lined up in the final assembly area of the Grand Rapids stamping division of Fisher Body in Detroit on June 1, 1944, prior to shipping. 
MUNICH — World War II marked a crucial turning point for U.S. empire building and the growth of global capitalism, according to the historical analysis of noted political philosopher and scholar Noam Chomsky. 
Chomsky examined U.S. domination of world affairs in ' Who Owns The World? ,' a speech he delivered at the University of Massachusetts Amherst in 2012. In May, he published a book, 'Who Rules The World?,' which examines similar themes. Watch ' Noam Chomsky: Who Owns the World? Resistance and Ways Forward ' : 
He revisited the topic in a recent conversation with Zain Raza, a senior editor at the independent media outlet acTVism Munich. An excerpt from that conversation was published on Tuesday as part of acTVism Munich's 'Reexamining History' series . 
Much of the U.S. government's global strategy both during and after World War II was based on a plan proposed by the State Department and the Council on Foreign Relations , which Chomsky describes as the 'major, non-governmental institution concerned with foreign affairs' whose membership 'draws from a wide range of elite elements, business, politics, academics, and so on.' 
Between 1939 and 1945, the State Department and the Council on Foreign Relations held regular strategy meetings to develop a post-war economic plan. These meetings led to proposal under which the United States would dominate a vast swath of the globe that came to be known as the 'Grand Area,' Chomsky said. Explaining that the 'Grand Area' would include 'the Western Hemisphere,' Chomsky said: 'It included the former British Empire, which the U.S. was intending to largely take over, maybe Britain would be a junior partner. And as much of Europe, the commercial and industrial center of Europe, as much of that as possible. Certainly Western Europe, its industrial, technological, commercial center.' 
Within the 'Grand Area,' Chomsky continued, 'the United States would have pretty much complete economic and political control.' 
With the collapse of the German economy after the war, and amid the beginnings of the Cold War with Russia and China, the United States was in a unique position to implement this plan. Chomsky said: 'The war was very beneficial to the U.S. economy. Its industrial production virtually quadrupled, wartime spending ended the Depression, which had not been ended before — enormous stimulus to the economy. The technology that was developed just laid the basis for post-war growth. In that context 'Grand Area' planning of the kind I described was by no means unrealistic.' 
Far from a Pentagon pipedream, the 'Grand Area' became concrete U.S. foreign policy, and its effects linger to this day. 
'If you look at the policies implemented and developed in the early post-war period, they follow these prescriptions pretty closely,' Chomsky said. 
As Chomsky and other historians have observed, Washington's plans to dominate the 'Grand Area' led directly to the Vietnam War. They were also crucial in the development of the International Monetary Fund , which continues to disrupt global economies for the benefit of multinational corporations and the military-industrial complex.
ARTICLE

Videos Israel: Ancient Papyrus Proves Jerusalem Belongs To Israel Israel is using a fragment of an old tax bill is meant to undercut Muslims', and UNESCO claims to the important site. | October 27, 2016 Be Sociable, Share! A view of the Dome of the Rock Mosque in the Al Aqsa Mosque compound in Jerusalem's Old City, Monday, May 2, 2016. 
While the UNESCO resolution which recognized the al-Aqsa Mosque in Jerusalem as a 'Muslim holy site of worship' was barely reported around the world, and considered fairly non-controversial, Israeli officials have been expressing fury over the matter for two solid weeks. 
And the Muslims may have a huge, ancient mosque that has been a key part of Islam for 1,300 years, but Israel has a small strip of papyrus they found in a cave, which they're pretty sure is a far more conclusive document, since it mentioned the word Jerusalem and was written in Hebrew. 
Israeli officials have claimed that the UNESCO resolution, in recognizing the mosque as important to Islam, was tantamount to denying Israel's absolute and eternal control over the entire city of Jerusalem. Israeli Culture Minister Miri Regev said the papyrus strip proved Jerusalem 'was and will remain the eternal capital of the Jewish people.' 
The al-Aqsa mosque was built on a site which is believed to have previously housed an important Jewish temple, and some Israelis advocate the eventual destruction of the mosque and the construction of a new temple, though the details of such a construction would be hugely religiously complicated, and since the destruction of the mosque would undoubtedly start a massive war, it is considered unlikely. Still, the far-right government wants to ensure that they have some international precedent for their claim to the territory. This entry was posted in Daily Digest , Foreign Affairs and tagged Al Aqsa Mosque , Israel , Jerusalem , Muslim holy site , Palestine , UNESCO . Bookmark the permalink . tapatio 
Contrary to the propaganda of the Judeo-fascists, the Palestinians DID have a state – called Canaan, that lasted for over 2000 years and built the city of Jerusalem – until they were destroyed by ethnic cleansing and genocide by the J6ws for the purpose of stealing the land now called Palestine. The survivors of that genocide are in Palestine and scattered throughout the region. 
When the Jews were finally driven out of Palestine, for treachery and terrorism, the great majority of them went North into Eastern Europe. Some scattered into other regions of the Middle East and North Africa, where they integrated and lived among the other tribes before and after the transition to Islam. The J6ws that went into Europe, over the centuries, were driven from state to state because of their conspiracies, treachery, arrogance, usury and all of the other characteristics they exhibit today in Palestine and on Wall and Fleet Streets. 
After the Jewish 'kingdom' in Canaan was defeated, by the Assyrians in 351 BCE, the Jews never were allowed to rise to power again. Their >600 year reign in Canaan was marked by oppression of non-Jews, marauding and attacks on the most heavily traveled trade route in the world. After 66 BCE, for a time, Rome made the error of trying to allow the Jews limited self-rule, which ended in rioting, conspiracy and terrorist attacks by the J6ws on both Romans and the other tribes of Palestine. 
From the time of the final defeat of the last Jewish terrorists in 135 CE, until the early 20th Century, Palestine was one of the most peaceful regions of the world. It benefited from a lack of obvious oil resources – avoiding attention from Western greed. The only upsets during that almost 2000 years were the defeat of the Byzantines (the remnants of the Roman Empire), the European 'Crusades', a couple of Asian incursions and a few tribal squabbles. 
By 1900, Palestine was one of the most productive agricultural regions of the Middle East and a major exporter of citrus and olives. Its 'Jaffa Brand' oranges were famous throughout the world (I've never eaten one. But, I have a crate with most of the paper label in my office). 
The Jew claim that all of the land they obtained in Palestine was purchased is ludicrous. They went to some FORMER land owners of the DEFUNCT Ottoman Empire and paid them something to sign bills of sale to land they didn't own and had probably never seen. 
I read one report by a British officer in the Palestine Mandate. His unit was sent to investigate an attack on a small Palestinian town. They found the ENTIRE POPULATION of the town slaughtered, many of the bodies mutilated and most of the women and girls raped, with some tortured. The animals, including house pets, had all been killed and many mutilated. After further investigation, the British Army concluded that the massacre had been carried out by Irgun terrorists and that Menachem Begin almost certainly led the slaughter. This is the sort of sub-human that Jews 'elect' as their Prime Minister. 
The Zionists have the delusion that they can re-write history to suit their cult. They are sadly mistaken. Lonny 
Not contrary to you being a racist @$$hoIe, you spend every day of your life whining about Jews for several hours a day. tapatio 
NO, JEW-BOY, I SPEND PART OF MOST DAYS HELPING TO BRING ABOUT THE DAY WHEN THE DISEASE, OF WHICH YOU ARE PART, IS ERADICATED AND HUMANS CAN HAVE PEACE AND DECENCY. Lonny 
You spend part of your days hating Jews and the other part blowing jihadis, tapaDILDO. Hating Jews doesn't make you decent. It makes you a racist lowlife. Kagey1 
Mint Press, you disingenuously fail to state the true objection of Israel to the UNESCO vote. That it fails to also include the Jewish origins of the site. In fact, the resolution appears to state that Jerusalem is only holy to Muslims. It negates the prior Jewish and Christian connections. That is the objection, not the inclusion of the later Muslim connection. tapatio Lonny 
TapaDILDO still trying to get negative attention from Jews. Little crybaby never got enough attention from mommy. tapatio 
Since the Jews invaded and committed GENOCIDE in Canaan/Palestine about 3000 years ago – yup, they were there before Muslims or Christians. The Christians appeared 2000 years ago and the Muslims came 1400 years ago. But, since the Jews''claim' to Palestine is based on their genocide of the Canaanite kingdom after the Jews were driven from Egypt, that claim would seem to be shaky at best. 
And, ancient Judaism became functionally extinct at tel Megiddo in 135 CE – 1881 years ago. The 'Jews' that we see today are the descendants of Eastern European barbarians who were converted to Judaism by the few survivors of their terrorist war against Rome. 
Today's Jews and their ancestors NEVER saw Palestine until Rothschild's Zionist disease. The FEW (about 17,000) Jews that lived in Palestine before Zionism were ALL Europeans, living on European charity – mostly in Jerusalem. They were ultra-orthodox whose entire function was to 'study' the Torah and pornographic Talmud – the NEVER worked. 
Humanity really needs to comprehend fully that this cult, that has been driven from more than 100 countries in the last 2000 years is NOT 'PERSECUTED'. JUDAISM IS A TOXIC CULT-URE THAT LIVES ON THE BLOOD OF OTHERS – VAMPIRES, AS THEY HAVE BEEN CALLED BY BENJAMIN FRANKLIN, VOLTAIRE AND OTHERS. 
GREAT JEWISH LEADERS 
There goes Tapadildo inventing a fake history again, as always. 
Jews didn't invade. Jews lawfully immigrated under the Ottomans and so did the Arabs. 
Jews committed no genocide there. The Arab population grows at one of the fastest rates on the planet. 
There hasn't been a Canaan for 3500 years… but you're whining about it as though it was last week. No mention of all the genocides against non-Muslims over the last 1400 years? How about the ones this year? 
Hating Jews has turned you into a frothing lunatic, obviously. DumbTwat. ivanacardinale 
YOU ARE GREAT!!! WITH THIS, YOU JUST SHUT UP LOONY TUNES!!! tapatio 
Thanks, but don't count on that shutting up Lonny. They are assigned to sites and he probably won't quit unless he quits/is fired from his job. Lonny 
Why don't you lead by example and show everyone how to shut-up, TapaDILDO. 
Nah, you thrive on several hours' worth of negative attention from Jews every day. ivanacardinale 
He might be one of those Mossad trollies, being paid to do the job, the social media counterattack Lonny 
You might be one of those racistCUNTS… Wait, 'might?'… sorry. ARE. ivanacardinale 
The War on UNESCO: Al-Aqsa Mosque is Palestinian and East Jerusalem is Illegally Occupied http://www.counterpunch.org/2016/10/27/the-war-on-unesco-al-aqsa-mosque-is-palestinian-and-east-jerusalem-is-illegally-occupied/ Lonny 
Sorry, racistCUNT… there is no law which says Jerusalem is illegally occupied. Who do you claim it belongs to, racistCUNT? 
Jews were also 'Palestinians' and were 'Palestinians' longer than any Arabs were, racistCUNT. ivanacardinale 
So, you are palestinian then!!! Is in your DNA!! Lonny 
Jews are the actual Palestinians, racistCUNT. It's in your DNA to be a racistCUNT. tapatio 
NO Jew has more than a trace of Semitic DNA. That was almost eradicated at tel Megiddo in 135 CE. The traces that exist in SOME Jews are from the terrorists that managed to escape from Megiddo (all men) and breed with the barbarians of Southeastern Europe. 
The Iranian and other native Middle Eastern Jews are not Semitic, but Persian, Ethiopian, etc., so far as I know and I taught anthropology for 35 years. Lonny 
TapaDILDO and his 1.5 terabytes of insane Jew-hate. Too funny. moosehorn 
So the sorry sad son of wxxre that you are admits that Palestinians exist? Lonny 
Sorry, stupid… did you think you wanted to engage in a conversation about what constitutes a 'Palestinian'? moosehorn 
Lol, you are a sorry stupid piece of crap. Lonny 
Says the phuqqstain who couldn't engage in a topic if his worthless life depended upon it. moosehorn 
Ivana was right by referring to you as loony toones. Lonny 
I'm right by referring to you as a dumbschitt. tapatio 
You already showed us what you had for lunch today, TapaDILDO. moosehorn 
You keep proving that you are a mentally challenged Axxhole. Lonny 
The day you offer a mental challenge to anyone is the day you stop being a phuqqstain and graduate into average idiocy. moosehorn 
Bravo, couldn't come up with a better description. Lonny 
Of what pours into your Jew-hating mouths. tapatio 
https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/77ca2bb6a1767c6776e94afaf505f28bad3b6bb346e4d3d500d1dd0f010ddc9a.jpg moosehorn 
I bet your parents are siblings, such stupidity and ignorance is but the result someone conceived by incest. Lonny 
I bet that's a jihadiQoqque banging against your tonsils. Such blowing skills are the result of someone who's practiced a lot. tapatio 
No 'might' about it. He/she/it is a hasbara troll, either working out of Palestine (and paid with money stolen from the American taxpayer) or is some Jewish escuincle working out of his mama's Brooklyn apartment. Lonny 
There ‘s a definite about this: You are one dumb Jew-obsessed, racist @$$hoIe. tapatio 
It's obvious. So is the lunacy and stupidity behind this obsession. tapatio 
BTW, discussions in other venues STAY on those venues. ivanacardinale 
Well, then America belongs to the native, original peoples, so, the rest of us should start packing their bags and go back to where we come from. Same thing with Europe. It was a Roman Empire, so, Europe belongs to the Italians then. Can the 'israelis' stop the crap of ancient documents? in which world they think they are living? During thousands of years everybody invaded, killed and squattered each other. So, if we go for history, NOTHING BELONGS TO NOBDY!! Michael Hess 
The supreme irony is that Islamophobes are always going on about how backwards Muslims are wanting to protect their culture going back to ancient times, yet Hasbarians do the same thing. 
Meanwhile, as the article states, there is simply nothing at all that is controversial in this resolution, the scandal is as made up as Benghazi and Ambassador Stevens and Hillary. 
The fact is, there was no state of Israel prior to May 14th, 1948. So these people need to get it out of their heads because you cannot claim sovereignty to a single dunam of land before that. Of course, as more people learn that Palestine was an officially and legally created country twenty-four years before Israel, things are getting far more interesting. 
Worse yet still for Israel, the rogue state has no legal hold over Jerusalem at all in the real world not rules by little fragments of papyrus and religious imagery back when people did not bathe and thought that the stars were oil lamps that someone lit up each night. 
UN Security Council resolution 476 and about eighteen others prove that Israel holds no legal sovereignty in Jerusalem whatsoever, this is precisely why the US Embassy Act of 1995 is waived every six months because by moving the embassy, that would put the US in violation of more than several Security Council resolutions. Lonny 
Sorry, moron. You are always lying about Jews. Who's criticizing Arabs for protecting their culture? You mean, when there are those among them who ATTACK OTHER cultures that you think is an attack on Islamic culture? You think it's a preservation of Islamic culture when ISIS began perpetrating a genocide on the Yzidis? 
There is something controversial, numbnutted goatface… They refuse to use the Jewish terms for the places, even though those are the terms which have been the prolific ones for thousands of years. 
The fact is, goatfaced Jew-hater… Israel was around 2000 years ago, so there was a state of Israel before May 14, 1948, and Jews have been praying at the Western Wall for millennia. And they certainly had sovereign land there historically. You really are one heck of a Jew-hating loser, goatface! 
Israel has plenty of legal hold over Jerusalem in the real world, goatface. See how it exercises its legal hold? Who are you claiming it belongs to? You know who REALLY never had sovereignty over a single dunum of the land over there? Palestinian Arabs. 
Your misapplication of what you think are laws are not credible. And misusing the 4th Geneva Convention is what is not valid. ivanacardinale 
You puke violence through your words, and also ignorance. Violence is the weapon of the people that has no reason. We know very well the history of that land. And you seem to invent it. And I laugh when i read every year about 'Israel Independence'. From whom got the independence? From which Empire? the Palestinian? the Roman? the ottomans? or from the UN? Most countries has battle for years for independence against an empire. Israelis got it through what? as far as we know, you are being called the haggana? Lonny 
Actually, the only reason people puke around you is they see your face. 
Violence is what you use to defend yourself, stupid. You come on here and attack me… I never attacked you… and then you want to pretend you're innocent on top of it! What a dumb hypocrite! 
You clearly don't know the history if you think there wasn't a Jewish kingdom there before. 
Israel got independence from a region which hadn't been sovereign in 2000 years. The last people who ruled it were the Ottomans, and very temporarily the British. There were no nation-states in that region at the time. Suddenly, there were, because that's how the Allies set it up after beating Germany and the Ottomans. 
Didn't know that, did you? 
Before there was even a Hagganah, the Jews were struggling for independence there, and even when it was under Ottoman rule they asked for independence. 
You don't know much of anything. Now, prattle back at me and pretend that I'm violent, when you're the ignorant one who opened up their mouth at me first. tapatio 
Easy-bake monkey, STFU. THIS IS JUDAISM in Palestine . 
A cult capable of committing, supporting and defending the crimes below IS A DISEASE and should be eradicated from this Earth . 
Jews Blow Up and Kill Palestinian Boy By Force-Feeding Him Gasoline Lonny 
Jew-hate is a form of psychosis. 
See your stupid little list, Jew-hate weenie? If I posted all the Arab terrorist acts, the ratio would be over 1000 to 1. tapatio 
You might note that TRUTH is not 'hate' Jew-boy, 99% of the 'Arab' terrorists are from THIS source – JEW OWNED . 
AS SUBORDINATES OF THE ROTHSCHILD-BILDERBERG EMPIRE, WASHINGTON, ISRAEL AND SAUDI ARABIA BUILT AND OPERATE AL QAEDA, ISIS AND THE OTHER TERRORIST GROUPS OPERATING IN SYRIA (and elsewhere) TO DESTABILIZE COUNTRIES AND ESTABLISH A 'CALIPHATE' THAT WOULD 'COOPERATE' WITH THE EMPIRE. 
LIKE THE TERRORIST GROUPS THEMSELVES, THAT CALIPHATE WOULD BE JUST AS OPPRESSIVE AND VICIOUS AS ITS PARENT (established by Jewish/British bankers, 100 years ago) – SAUDI ARABIA. SAUDI ARABIA AND THE TERROR GROUPS SPAWNED THEY ARE THE GUTTER SCRAPINGS OF ISLAM – EQUAL IN ALL RESPECTS TO THE ZIONIST DISEASE. 
Global Warfare: 'We're going to take out 7 countries in 5 years: Iraq, Syria, Lebanon, Libya, Somalia, Sudan & Iran 
http://www.informationclearinghouse.info/article1438.htm 
'Israel can shape its strategic environment, in cooperation with Turkey and Jordan, by weakening, containing, and even rolling back Syria. This effort can focus on removing Saddam Hussein from power in Iraq — an important Israeli strategic objective in its own right' 
AND 
http://www.informationclearinghouse.info/pdf/RebuildingAmericasDefenses.pdf 
'Further, the process of transformation, even if it brings revolutionary change, is likely to be a long one, absent some catastrophic and catalyzing event – like a new Pearl Harbor (9/11 – PERFECTION). Domestic politics and industrial policy will shape the pace and content of transformation as much as the requirements of current missions.' (p 63) 
AMERICA'S 'RASPUTINS' RESPONSIBLE FOR PLANNING THE LAST 15 YEARS OF DEATH – JEWISH ZIONISTS ALL 
CLEAN BREAK 
Dov Zakheim Lonny 
Tapadildo and his usual psychotic copy/pastes needs a lot of negative attention from Jews. Has for YEARS. tapatio 
ANYONE WHO TELLS THE TRUTH ABOUT JUDAISM IS GOING TO GET A LOT OF NEGATIVE ATTENTION FROM THAT DISEASE. 
MOICHE FEIGLIN IS DEPUTY SPEAKER OF THE ISRAELI KNESET. BELOW IS THE HEBREW TEXT FROM FEIGLIN'S FACEBOOK PAGE. THIS CREATURE IS TYPICAL OF THE JEWISH ANIMALS THAT HAVE INVADED PALESTINE. 
TRANSLATION OF FEIGLIN'S FACEBOOK POST………….. 
With God's Help Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu Mr. Prime Minister, We have just heard that Hamas has used the ceasefire to abduct an officer. It turns out that this operation is not about to be over any too soon. The failures of this operation were inherent to it from the outset, because: a) It has no proper and clear goal; b) there is no appropriate moral framework to support our soldiers. What is required now is that we internalize the fact that Oslo is finished, that this is our country – our country exclusively, including Gaza. There are no two states, and there are no two peoples. There is only one state for one people. Having internalized this, what is needed is a deep and thorough strategic review, in terms of the definition of the enemy, of the operational tasks, of the strategic goals, and of course, of appropriate necessary war ethics. (1) Defining the enemy: The strategic enemy is extremist Arab Islam in all its varieties, from Iran to Gaza, which seeks to annihilate Israel in its entirety. The immediate enemy is Hamas. (Not the tunnels, not the rockets, but Hamas.) (2) Defining the tasks Conquest of the entire Gaza Strip, and annihilation of all fighting forces and their supporters. (3) Defining the strategic goal: To turn Gaza into Jaffa, a flourishing Israeli city with a minimum number of hostile civilians. (4) Defining war ethics: 'Woe to the evildoer, and woe to his neighbor' In light of these four points, Israel must do the following: a) The IDF [Israeli army] shall designate certain open areas on the Sinai border, adjacent to the sea, in which the civilian population will be concentrated, far from the built-up areas that are used for launches and tunneling. In these areas, tent encampments will be established, until relevant emigration destinations are determined. The supply of electricity and water to the formerly populated areas will be disconnected. b) The formerly populated areas will be shelled with maximum fire power. The entire civilian and military infrastructure of Hamas, its means of communication and of logistics, will be destroyed entirely, down to their foundations. c) The IDF will divide the Gaza Strip laterally and crosswise, significantly expand the corridors, occupy commanding positions, and exterminate nests of resistance, in the event that any should remain. d) Israel will start searching for emigration destinations and quotas for the refugees from Gaza. Those who wish to emigrate will be given a generous economic support package, and will arrive at the receiving countries with considerable economic capabilities. e) Those who insist on staying, if they can be proven to have no affiliation with Hamas, will be required to publicly sign a declaration of loyalty to Israel, and receive a blue ID card similar to that of the Arabs of East Jerusalem. f) When the fighting will end, Israeli law will be extended to cover the entire Gaza Strip, the people evicted from the Gush Katif will be invited to return to their settlements, and the city of Gaza and its suburbs will be rebuilt as true Israeli touristic and commercial cities. Mr. Prime Minister, This is the a fateful hour of decision in the history of the State of Israel. All metastases of our enemy, from Iran and Hizballah through ISIS and the Muslim Brotherhood, are rubbing their hands gleefully and preparing themselves for the next round. I am warning that any outcome that is less than what I defined here means encouraging the continued offensive against Israel. Only when Hizballah will understand how we have dealt with Hamas in the south, it will refrain from launching its 100,000 missiles from the north. I call on you to adopt the strategy proposed here. I have no doubt that the entire Israeli people will stand to your right with its overwhelming majority, like myself – if only you will adopt it. With high regards, respectfully, 
ORIGINAL HEBREW TEXT FROM FEIGLIN'S FACEBOOK (Just in case he removes the comment, as they frequently do) 
ב'ה 
ראש הממשלה בנימין נתניהו 
אדוני ראש הממשלה זה עתה נודע כי החמאס ניצל את הפסקת האש בכדי לחטוף קצין. מסתבר שהמבצע הזה לא עומד להיגמר כל כך מהר. הכשלים במבצע היו טמונים בו מתחילתו כי: 
א – אין לו מטרה נכונה וברורה. ב – אין מעטפת מוסרית ראויה התומכת בחיילינו. 
מה שנדרש כעת הוא להפנים שאוסלו נגמר, שזו ארצנו – רק ארצנו, כולל עזה! אין שתי מדינות ואין שני עמים – יש רק מדינה אחת לעם אחד. 
בעקבות ההפנמה הזו נדרש שינוי אסטרטגי עמוק ויסודי – הן בהגדרת האויב, הן בהגדרת המשימה, הן בהגדרת היעד האסטרטגי וכמובן – בהגדרת מוסר הלחימה הנכון והנדרש. 
1 – הגדרת האוייב האויב האסטרטגי הוא האסלאם הערבי הקיצוני על כל גרורותיו מאיראן ועד עזה המבקש לחסל את ישראל כולה. האויב בעין הוא החמאס. (לא המנהרות, לא הרקטות – החמאס) 
2 – הגדרת המשימה: כיבוש הרצועה כולה וחיסול כל הכוחות הלוחמים ותומכיהם. 
3 – הגדרת היעד האסטרטגי: להפוך את עזה ליפו. עיר ישראלית פורחת עם מינימום אזרחים עוינים. 
4 – הגדרת מוסר הלחימה:'אוי לרשע ואוי לשכנו' 
לאור ארבעת הנקודות הללו על ישראל לבצע מיד את הפעולות הבאות: 
א – צה'ל יגדיר שטחים פתוחים על גבול סיני ובסמיכות לים בהם תתרכז האוכלוסייה האזרחית- הרחק מהשטח הבנוי ואזורי השיגור והמנהור. באזורים אלו יוקמו מחנות אוהלים עד לאיתור יעדי הגירה רלוונטיים. אספקת החשמל והמים לאזורים שהיו מאוכלסים – תנותק. 
ב – האזורים שהיו מאוכלסים יופגזו בכוח אש מקסימלי. כל מתקני החמאס האזרחיים והצבאיים, אמצעי הקשר והלוגיסטיקה – יחוסלו עד היסוד. 
ג – צה'ל יבתר את הרצועה לאורכה ולרחבה, ירחיב מאוד את הצירים, ישתלט על אזורים שולטים וישמיד קיני ההתנגדות במידה וייוותרו כאלה. 
ד – ישראל תחל באיתור מדינות ומכסות הגירה לפליטי עזה. המעוניינים להגר יזכו בחבילת סיוע כלכלית נדיבה ויגיעו לארצות הקולטות עם יכולת כלכלית משמעותית. 
ה – מי שיתעקש להישאר ויוכח כי אין לו כל קשר לחמאס, יידרש לחתום באופן פומבי על הצהרת נאמנות לישראל ויקבל תעודת זהות כחולה בדומה לזו של ערביי מזרח ירושלים. 
ו – עם שוך הקרבות יוחל החוק הישראלי בכל הרצועה, מגורשי גוש קטיף יוזמנו לשוב ליישוביהם והעיר עזה ובנותיה ייבנו כערי תיירות ומסחר ישראליות לכל דבר. 
אדוני ראש הממשלה! זוהי שעת הכרעה גורלית בימיה של מדינת ישראל. כל גרורות האויב, מאיראן והחיזבאללה ועד דע'ש והאחים המוסלמים – חוככות כעת את ידיהן בהנאה ומכינות עצמן לסבב הבא. 
אני מתריע שכל תוצאה שהיא פחות ממה שהוגדר כאן, משמעותה עידוד המשך האופנסיבה נגד ישראל. רק אם יבין החיזבאללא כיצד טופל החמס בדרום, ימנע מלשגר את 100,000 הטילים שלו – מצפון. 
אני קורא לך לאמץ את האסטרטגיה המוצעת כאן. אין לי כל ספק שכמוני, עם ישראל כולו יעמוד ברוב מוחץ לימינך – אם רק תאמצנה. 
בכבוד ובהערכה רבה משה פייגלין Lonny 
TapaDILDO has all of his Jew-hate copy/pastes rolling to get negative attention from Jews. Such an infantile little Jew-hater… uses JihadiCokk as a pacifier. tapatio 
https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/6862a06b7dca0b6b4e7021675a233af3ef12f5a747576a7a076f7e66e15d3a52.jpg Lonny 
TapaDILDO still trying to get negative attention from Jews by showing them what he just ate for lunch. tapatio 
APPARENTLY THIS BEANIE-BABY CAN'T READ. BUT, HIS MAMA PROBABLY CAUGHT HIM IN A TEL AVIV BACK ALLEY. HARDLY A WOMAN IN THAT CULT WITHOUT A COIN SLOT IN HER FOREHEAD. Lonny 
Apparently, you're too stupid to understand that I pointed out what you ate for lunch, Jew-hate infant. tapatio 
Jew-boy, you fail to comprehend that I couldn't care less about your ad hominem drivel. It only reinforces the reality that Judaism, especially the Zionist form is a FILTHY DISEASE – just like its cells – YOU. 
For more than 3000 years, from their expulsion from Egypt and from the money changers Jesus is said to have driven from the temple steps to the predatory global Rothschild banking cartel to the lowest loan shark in NY, to the Internet propaganda shill, the IDF thug and Mossad scum and their rabbis preaching the delusion of a 'chosen' master-race, this predatory cultl posing as religion and ethnicity has most closely resembled a malignant cancer metastasizing through our world, corrupting and spoiling everything it touches. 
When one or a few cultures find a particular culture toxic, it could be bigotry. When almost EVERY culture finds Judaism toxic, JUDAISM IS TOXIC . 
Every expulsion of Jews below was preceded by widespread and extreme crime and abuses BY JEWS. The Jews have been expelled from more than 100 countries. Listed below are ONLY expulsions that could be directly linked to RAMPANT JEWISH CRIME. They had NOTHING to do with 'persecution' of Jews. However, often, innocent Jews suffered because of guilt by association with their predatory culture. 
The expulsions of Jews were acts of SELF-PRESERVATION by non-Jewish cultures. 
Expulsions of Jews
ARTICLE

Videos FDA Found Manipulating The Media In Favor Of Big Pharma An investigation revealed that the FDA uses a variety of tactics to prevent the full truth from being revealed about a certain product. | October 27, 2016 Be Sociable, Share! A new investigation revealed that the FDA is using a variety of tactics to sway public opinion about certain products (AP Photo). 
Although the Federal Drug Administration is thought to serve American consumers by keeping them safe and well-informed, they are doing just the opposite by controlling the media and science press in order to create misleading and one-sided articles. 
An investigation into documents released through the Freedom of Information Act by Scientific American revealed that the FDA uses a variety of tactics to prevent the full truth from being revealed about a certain product. The biggest tactic is the 'close-hold embargo,' where they invite a select few news sites to a briefing about the to-be released information with conditions. They stipulate that the journalists have to surrender their reportorial independence by agreeing to only speak with sources approved by their agency. 
When NPR reporter Rob Stein was extended one of these loaded invitations, he responded by saying, 'My editors are uncomfortable with the condition that we cannot seek reaction,' and asked that they be given a bit more wiggle room to speak with others. When Stein was met with a resounding no, he decided to agree to the terms and attend the briefing. 
Stein wasn't the only reporter to attend this particular briefing, as other sites such as The Wall Street Journal, The Washington Post, and The New York Times were all present. Despite agreeing to the terms, not everyone is actually comfortable with these conditions. The New York Times former Public Editor, Margaret Sullivan, said: 'I think embargoes that attempt to control sourcing are dangerous because they limit the role of the reporter whose job is to do a full look at a subject. It's really inappropriate for a source to be telling a journalist whom he or she can and can't talk to.' 
Other tactics used by the FDA include denying major media outlets any access to the briefing prior to the public release of information, and the deliverance of half-truths when asked questions directly to hinder an investigation. Those who intend to speak with unapproved sources or announce these embargoes are met with threats. 
These embargoes are often used within the science community, but none as strict as the FDA's rules on whom reporters can confer with. The usual restrictions only focus on the date and time that a news story can be published about a particular study, which is why the stories tend to break at the same time across media outlets. The Association of Health Care Journalists said that the close-hold embargo is 'a serious obstacle to good journalism. Reporters who want to be competitive on a story will essentially have to agree to write only what the FDA wants to tell the world, without analysis or outside commentary.' 
If the FDA was truly concerned about the well-being of American citizens, it wouldn't be so shrouded in secrecy and insistent on the way news stories are covered. Instead, they put up their list of demands in an effort to protect the medical industry and pharmaceutical companies whose interests and profits matter more than having a well-informed public. This work by TrueActivist.com is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike International License.
ARTICLE

Videos Tensions Rise As Pipeline Construction Nears #NoDAPL Blockade The Oceti Sakowin tribe declared eminent domain on land bought by Dakota Access and set up their new winter camp in the direct path of the pipeline on 1851 treaty land. | October 27, 2016 Be Sociable, Share! 
Oceti Sakowin, ND – On Sunday, October 23rd , water protectors extended camp beyond the overflow site, just north of the Standing Rock reservation, to the pipeline easement line. The Oceti Sakowin declared eminent domain on land bought by Dakota Access and set up their new winter camp in the direct path of the pipeline on 1851 treaty land. 
As the encampment was formed, two blockades were created, one on county road 146 and one north of the new winter camp on Highway 1806. We spoke to various blockaders who stated their goal was to ensure safety of the water protectors as they prepared their camps for winter. 
The video below contains interviews with various water protectors at the multiple blockades and camps. The following day, after the new winter camp was established, a no-fly zone was declared by law enforcement. FAA informed Unicorn Riot that "only response aircraft in support of law enforcement" can fly in no-fly zone https://t.co/4eax21fw59 #NoDAPL pic.twitter.com/nZuNKtbFrb This no-fly zone was created, according to the Morton County Sheriff, to ground all drones being flown by water protectors and journalists. The Temporary Flight Restriction (TFR) notice on the FAA's website lists the North Dakota Tactical Operations Center as responsible for issuing the TFR . 
On October 26th, 2016, the Morton County Sheriff's Department, and various other agencies working alongside them, erected a concrete blockade just two miles north of the frontline #NoDAPL blockade. The new law enforcement blockade is currently manned by sheriff's deputies armed with automatic rifles. 
We reported live from the frontline as water protectors gathered near the blockades expecting a raid on the camps by police, military and private DAPL security assets. 
All day, patrol planes and helicopters flew low over the water protectors, while private security vehicles gathered on the hills west of the frontline camp. This yellow helicopter has been flying low over #NoDAPL water protectors for months- & seems to be exempt from new no-fly zone. pic.twitter.com/xPuq9bNneI 
— Unicorn Riot (@UR_Ninja) October 27, 2016 
Cass County Sheriff Paul Laney, who has been acting as 'Director of Operations' for Morton County Sheriff, came to the new winter camp today with representatives from the National Guard and asked people to leave the new site and return to the main camp, Forum News Service reports. 'We're here telling you this is private property and you have to leave,' Laney told camp coordinator Mekasi Camp-Horinek. 'We don't want a confrontation. Please stand your people down and go back to the main camp.' Mekasi pointed at the road – 'our no surrender line,' he said – and then back at the frontline camp standing in the way of the four-state, $3.8 billion oil pipeline – their 'no retreat' line. 'That's your final word?' Laney asked. 'That's my final word,' Camp-Horinek said, walking away. 
Pipeline construction is less than half a mile from Highway 1806 and we can verify that machines can be heard working from the new frontline camp. Law enforcement in trucks & DAPL security in dune buggies watching Oceti Sakowin front line camp from hills maybe 200 yards away. #NoDAPL pic.twitter.com/NuqlC94gVd 
— Unicorn Riot (@UR_Ninja) October 26, 2016 This work (including header image) by Unicorn Riot is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike International License.
ARTICLE

US Sent Huge Weapons Shipments To Saudi Arabia Weeks Before Yemen Funeral Bombing Without U.S. support there's no way Saudi coalition could wage the war at this level.' | October 28,   Members of the Higher Council for Civilian Community Organization inspect a destroyed funeral hall as they protest against a deadly Saudi-led airstrike on a funeral hall in Sanaa, Yemen, Thursday, Oct. 13, 2016. 
Published in partnership with Shadowproof . 
The United States shipped hundreds of millions of dollars in weapons to Saudi Arabia just weeks prior to the Saudi-led coalition's funeral bombing in Sanaa, Yemen, according to a new analysis of U.S. government data conducted by Shadowproof. 
The October 8 bombing killed 140 and wounded over 500. It was widely condemned by human rights groups and exposed U.S. support for the Saudi-led war in Yemen to greater scrutiny. 
In response to a query from Shadowproof about the funeral strike, State Department spokesperson Frankie Sturm replied, 'We have regularly expressed our concerns to the Saudi-led coalition, and urged them – as we have urged all sides, including the Houthis – to take all feasible measures to mitigate harm to civilians and civilian objects and return to a cessation of hostilities.' 
Despite the US government's purported desire for a 'cessation of hostilities' and 'concerns' for civilians, Shadowproof's analysis shows that large quantities of U.S. weapons continue to flow to the Saudi government, impeding a sustained ceasefire and enabling civilian carnage. 
In July and August, the U.S. shipped Saudi $8.8 million in bombs, $47.3 million in parts for bombs, 313 guided missiles worth $26 million, one military helicopter worth $15.7 million, and 334 armored fighting vehicles and 19 armored vehicles, which together are worth over $197 million. 
From April to July, when peace talks were active, the U.S. shipped $50 million in armored vehicles and $82 million in parts for bombs. Talks broke down in July and were followed by a major increase in coalition air assaults in Yemen. 
Following the attack on a funeral, the U.S. government announced it was ' reviewing ' its support for the Saudi coalition; however, as of October 10 , there were no changes to U.S. military support for coalition operations. 
A UN-brokered ceasefire implemented in April ushered in a major reduction in fighting. Yet, U.S. weapons shipments continued. 
In fact, over the course of President Barack Obama's administration, it has approved a staggering $115 billion in weapons sales to Saudi Arabia—including a $1.29 billion sale in November 2015, which included over 19,000 bombs and a $1.15 billion sale of tank components, ammunition, and other weapons. 
The U.S. government has also provided logistical and intelligence support that has facilitated the Saudi coalition's carnage. 
Given Saudi's dependence on the U.S. government for military support, it is difficult to overstate the degree of influence the U.S possesses over the Saudi government. For example, Bruce Riedel, a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution said in April, 'If the United States of America and the United Kingdom tonight told King Salman that this war has to end, it would end tomorrow.' 
Kristine Beckerle, who researches Yemen for Human Rights Watch, told Shadowproof, 'The Saudi-led coalition's air campaign in Yemen has been devastating for civilians, hitting marketplaces, factories, homes and hospitals. There is no question US weapons have been used in some of these unlawful attacks, including one of the most deadly. The US should be suspending arms sales to Saudi, until it not only curbs unlawful strikes but also credibly investigates those that have already occurred.' 
A survey conducted by the Yemen Data Project found that, from the beginning of the Saudi coalition's air campaign in Yemen in March 2015, through August of 2016, more than one-third of the coalition's 8,600 strikes hit non-military targets. 
'The coalition is responsible for twice as many civilian casualties as all other forces put together, virtually all as a result of air strikes,' UN human rights chief Zeid Ra'ad al-Hussein said back in March. 
Nasser Arrabyee, a journalist in Sanaa, told Shadowproof, 'In the first weeks of the war the battle for Sanna was over, all the military sites were destroyed, yet the coalition strikes continue on a daily basis, often hitting civilians.' 
The U.S. government continues to insist the Saudi coalition isn't intentionally targeting civilians, but Colette Gadenne, who heads Médecins Sans Frontières' (MSF) Yemen mission told Shadowproof, 'We've seen airstrikes hit civilian locations so often. For example, there was a strike on a crowded marketplace in Harad at 8 pm on July 4. It took place after people broke their Ramadan fast. And we only know about the strikes we see directly.' 
Three MSF hospitals, one MSF mobile clinic, and an MSF ambulance were attacked by coalition forces. 
After the funeral attack, images appeared on social media allegedly showing fragments of a U.S-supplied tail fin for a JDAM guidance kit for a U.S-made Mark 82 500 lb. bomb. 
Ali Al-Ahmed, an expert on Saudi Arabia at the Institute for Gulf Affairs and himself a Saudi, told Shadowproof the Saudis indeed target civilians. 
'They couldn't defeat [the Houthis] on the battlefield so they're killing women and children, bombing schools, to get that result,' Ahmed explained. 
Back in 2010, U.S. Army whistleblower Chelsea Manning disclosed a State Department cable from the same year that showed the U.S. government provided 'imagery' of the Yemen border to the Saudi government, despite evidence Saudi aircraft were attacking civilians when attacking Houthis in northern Yemen. Assistant Minister of Defense and Aviation Prince Khaled bin Sultan appealed to a U.S. ambassador to give them a Predator drone to help limit civilian casualties. 
Another cable from 2009 that was also disclosed by Manning shows the U.S. government approved military assistance for Saudi Arabia or Yemen if aid was not used against Houthis. Since then, the U.S. government has allowed the Saudi Kingdom to pull them into an open-ended war. 
With regard to al Qaida, Ahmed noted, 'Hundreds of Saudi jets and their allies bombing Yemeni forces have avoided bombing…positions in Yemen of al Qaida.' 
'The Saudi air force is really becoming the air force for al-Qaida,' Ahmed said. 'The Saudi bombings have helped mostly one group: al-Qaida.' 
Ahmed also stressed the bombings fuel 'anti-Americanism.' Prior to the war, the Yemeni government cooperated closely with the U.S. in counterterrorism matters. 
In a letter to President Obama, 36 members of congress urged him to block the $1.15 billion arms deal announced in August. The letter stated, 'Amnesty International has documented at least 33 unlawful airstrikes by the Saudi Arabia-led coalition across Yemen that appear to have deliberately targeted civilians and civilians facilities, such as hospitals, schools, markets, and places of worship. These attacks may amount to war crimes.' 
According to a recent report by Reuters, the coalition has hit sites the U.S. government put on a 'do not strike' list. The U.S. designated these locations as being vital infrastructure for delivery of food aid and for post-war reconstruction. 
The Saudi coalition declared as a target the entire Saada Governorate (measuring 4,000 square miles), which borders Saudi Arabia. It also reportedly used incendiary weapons, white phosphorous, as well as cluster weapons, which are banned by most countries. 
Both of these weapons were supplied by the U.S. 
The war's effect on civilians in Yemen is enormous. 'The jets overhead scare the children. There is no place people can go to be safe, even hospitals are hit in strikes. The population is traumatized,' Gadenne said. 
More than 10,000 civilians have been killed since the Saudi-led coalition began, including more than 1,000 children. More than 80 percent of the population now requires some form of humanitarian assistance for survival. 
Beatriz Ochoa from Save the Children told Shadowproof, 'The number of children that are severely malnourished has doubled to 370,000 since the beginning of the coalition bombing. 1.6 million women and children under 5 are suffering from acute malnutrition with over 14 million, or roughly half of Yemen's population, are considered food insecure.' 
The coalition imposed a blockade, which has resulted in shortages of medicine and food, as well as price spikes and hoarding of goods. 
Recently, there was a reported cholera outbreak, which may exacerbate the already dangerous health crisis. 
Another serious concern is unexploded ordnance. 'A 16-year-old girl was collecting firewood in Sadaa, and there had been an air strike in the area 3 months prior. An unexploded ordnance went off and she lost a leg,' Gadenne recalled. 
Ms. Gadenne said MSF has seen victims from unexploded ordnance all over the country. Research from Amnesty International found thousands of unexploded munitions in northern Yemen, following a 10-day tour of the region earlier this year. 
The dire humanitarian crisis resulting from the war has given rise to a great deal of anger in Yemen, according to Arrabyee. 'Yemenis see the war as an American war, as the coalition couldn't carry out the strikes in Yemen without U.S. support. There is a big campaign saying Americans are the ones killing the Yemenis people.' 
William Hartung from the Center for International Policy told Shadowproof the U.S. is directly involved in Yemen, even if it's not the one dropping the bombs. 
'Without U.S. support there's no way Saudi coalition could wage the war at this level,' Hartung said. 'The large weapons deals and mid-flight refueling provided by the U.S. play an important role in Saudi's ability to conduct strikes in Yemen.' Be Sociable, Share!
ARTICLE

US Warplane Attacked School Near Iraqi Mosul, Casualties Reported "The number of civilian casualties will only increase." | October 28, 2016 Be Sociable, Share! A group of young Turks stage an anti-US protest outside the Parliament before a visit by US Secretary of Defense Ash Carter in Ankara, Turkey, Frday, Oct. 21, 2016. Carter met with President Recep Tayyip Erdogan and other top leaders and defense officials in Ankara amid escalating tensions between Turkey and Iraq over Turkish military operations in northern Iraq as allied forces move to retake Mosul from ISIS. 
A US Air Force jet attacked a school near the Iraqi city of Mosul, the Russian General Staff said. 
'There are new cases of [US-led] coalition's airstrikes on civilian targets. On October 24, US Air Force's tactical aircraft launched missile and bomb strikes on a school building in the village of Tall Kayf located 14 kilometers north of Mosul at 3:35. As a result of the strike, there are dead and wounded,' Lt. Gen. Sergei Rudskoy, chief of the Russian General Staff Main Operational Directorate, said. 'The activity of the coalition's strikes in this [residential] area has been further intensified, including using B-52 strategic bombers,' Rudskoy added. 
'The number of civilian casualties will only increase,' Rudskoy noted. 
On October 25, the Russian General Staff said that more than 60 civilians had been killed and 200 wounded in coalition airstrikes on Mosul residential districts during the last three days.
ARTICLE

Female Veterans Release Anti-Trump Ad 'The problem with Blue Falcons, like Donald Trump, is they get you killed.' | October 28, 2016 Be Sociable, Share! Donald Trump likes to boast about the endorsement he's received from military personnel, but he'll have to work a lot harder to win over those who serve if he is elected as the next Commander-in-Chief. As was recently reported, 55 generals denounced the Republican Presidential candidate in a historic rebuke last week. And now, a group of female veterans with the Common Defense PAC have released a compelling new ad called 'Blue Falcon'. 
The Common Defense PAC defines itself as 'a diverse group of male and female veterans' who represent the United States Army, Navy, Marine Corps, Army Reserves, and Air National Guard. In the ad below, women from various branches of the military explain their aspirations for serving, as well as their disgust with the business tycoon who is running for President. Said veteran Wendy Barranco: 'As a migrant, I wanted to give something back to this country that had given me and my family so much. So I became an Army combat medic. When you're fighting to save a fellow soldier's life, things get real very quickly. You have to trust your team.' 
It's made clear, however, that Donald Trump is not the guy you'd want on your team. Barranco continued: 'Guys like Donald Trump? We call them Blue Falcons.' 
In case you're not familiar with the term, it's a derogatory euphemism for 'buddy-fucker.' The women also explain that a Blue Falcon is the type of person who will step on their teammate to get ahead . 
From his declaration that it should be 'expected' for rape to take place in the military to his inappropriate and abrasive comments toward women, minorities, and disabled individuals, he is not the best candidate for President, the veterans assert. This work by Planet Free Will is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International License.
ARTICLE

Videos UK Police Six Times More Likely To Stop And Search Black People Black people in Britain are more likely to be stopped and searched by police than white people, according to new official figures. | October 28, 2016 Be Sociable, Share! Stop and search has always been a controversial method used by police officers in England and Wales and has always disproportionately targeted black and minority ethnic (BME) communities in Britain. 
According to official figures released in 2013, 27 percent of stop and searches were not based on reasonable grounds for suspicion and concerns, as well as disproportionately targeting young people from BME backgrounds. 
In 2014, then-Home Secretary Theresa May, decided to crack down on stop and search, penalizing police forces who used it and imposed restrictions on officers in 2014. 
A year later in 2015, the head of London's Metropolitan Police blamed an increase in knife crime on the home secretary's stop and search reforms. In the same year, the number of fatal stabbings increased by 18 percent in London. 
London knife crime is now at a four year high, according to a report published by the Police and Crime Committee which suggests violent crime, including knives, guns, sexual assaults and robbery have all risen year on year, with knives increasingly becoming a weapon of choice amongst young people . 2 Officers assaulted whilst detaining person with a knife. Glad to hear they are ok! Thank you #dedication #proactivepolicing #stopandsearch https://t.co/UnpIZ1wSEe 
— Nick Downing (@NickDowningMPS) October 26, 2016 
While the latest figures released by the Home Office, reveal that the use of stop and search by police had reduced by more than a quarter across the board — stopping white people fell more sharply. 
The statistics reveal that people from BME backgrounds were still three times more likely to be stopped and searched than white people in 2015/16 and black people are six times more likely to be stopped and searched than white people. 
Amber Rudd, Britain's relatively new home secretary, says the statistics are 'unacceptable' yet added that the powers are 'vital' for police to fight crime. 
'A similar story has been seen for the black group, which fell from over six times more likely to just over four times more likely between the years ending March 31, 2011 and 2015, before rising again to over six times more likely in the year ending March 31 2016,' the Home Office report said. 
Shadow Home Secretary Diane Abbott, said: 'The decline in stop and search clearly shows there is some effort to use these police powers more reasonably. But there are clear signs that some communities are being disproportionately targeted.' 
Amber Rudd, the same home secretary who suggested companies draw up a list of their foreign workers, said that, 'no one should be stopped on the basis of their race or ethnicity.' 
Four years later and another report into police use of stop and search, young black men are still being disproportionately targeted by officers, suggesting more needs to be done to tackle racism issues in the Met. College of policing launches anti bias guidelines on stop + search. Map shows where it's needed most pic.twitter.com/3UkaosKyZa 
— simon israel (@simonisrael) October 27, 2016 
Britain's police, in particular Scotland Yard, has been plagued with accusations of institutional racism for decades. The high profile racially motivated murder of black teenager Stephen Lawrence , and the subsequent conviction of his killers 20 years later in 2012, forced the Met to investigate claims of institutional racism.
ARTICLE

Videos Evidence Reveals Possible Link Between Voting Machines And Clinton Foundation According to OpenSecrets, the company who provided the alleged glitching voting machines is a subsidiary of The McCarthy Group, a major donor to the Clinton Foundation. | October 28, 2016 Be Sociable, Share! A technician works to prepare voting machines to be used in the upcoming presidential election, in Philadelphia, Friday, Oct. 14, 2016. 
Could these connections be enough to implicate the Clinton Foundation in the alleged early vote rigging in Texas? 
As usual, the internet has come through as the ultimate watchdog while the supposed safeguards of our democracy have failed. 
A Gab user by the name 'Special Prosecutor Will Logan' has found some stunning information. Note: as Gab is a members only site, you'll have to join to see his actual posts, but we included all pertinent information in the article. Click to enlarge 
According to OpenSecrets, the company who provided the alleged glitching voting machines is a subsidiary of The McCarthy Group. 
The McCarthy group is a major donor to the Clinton Foundation – apparently donating 200,000 dollars in 2007 – when it was the largest owner of United States voting machines. Or perhaps the 200,000 dollars went to paying Bill Clinton for speeches? 
Either way, it doesn't look good. 
But there's more. 
As the same user notes in this post , Dominion Voting Systems and The Clinton Foundation did a 2.25 million dollar charity initiative in developing nations together called the DELIAN Project. 
According to the project's own website : In 2014, Dominion Voting committed to providing emerging and post-conflict democracies with access to voting technology through its philanthropic support to the DELIAN Project, as many emerging democracies suffer from post-electoral violence due to the delay in the publishing of election results. Over the next three years, Dominion Voting will support election technology pilots with donated Automated Voting Machines (AVM), providing an improved electoral process, and therefore safer elections. As a large number of election staff are women, there will be an emphasis on training women, who will be the first to benefit from the skills transfer training and use of AVMs. It is estimated that 100 women will directly benefit from election technology skills training per pilot election. 
Of course, this is all speculation, and we are not making any claims of illegal activity by the Clinton Foundation. 
However, it presents a very troubling conflict of interest. Most Americans would certainly agree that voting machines should have zero connection to presidential candidates and their foundations. 
Consider the implications further abroad, as well. Could this DELIAN Project be designed to influence elections in developing nations? 
It can certainly be argued that electronic voting machines do not in fact provide an 'improved electoral process' or provide 'safer elections' 
Again, this is speculation. This work by Planet Free Will is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International License.
ARTICLE

Facebook Lets Advertisers Exclude Users By Race Facebook's system allows advertisers to exclude black, Hispanic, and other 'ethnic affinities' from seeing ads. Be Sociable, Share! Image credit: David Sleight/Pro Publica/CC 
Imagine if, during the Jim Crow era, a newspaper offered advertisers the option of placing ads only in copies that went to white readers. 
That's basically what Facebook is doing nowadays. 
The ubiquitous social network not only allows advertisers to target users by their interests or background, it also gives advertisers the ability to exclude specific groups it calls 'Ethnic Affinities.' Ads that exclude people based on race, gender and other sensitive factors are prohibited by federal law in housing and employment. 
Here is a screenshot of a housing ad that we purchased from Facebook's self-service advertising portal : 
The ad we purchased was targeted to Facebook members who were house hunting and excluded anyone with an 'affinity' for African-American, Asian-American or Hispanic people. ( Here's the ad itself .) 
When we showed Facebook's racial exclusion options to a prominent civil rights lawyer John Relman , he gasped and said, 'This is horrifying. This is massively illegal. This is about as blatant a violation of the federal Fair Housing Act as one can find.' 
The Fair Housing Act of 1968 makes it illegal 'to make, print, or publish, or cause to be made, printed, or published any notice, statement, or advertisement, with respect to the sale or rental of a dwelling that indicates any preference, limitation, or discrimination based on race, color, religion, sex, handicap, familial status, or national origin.' Violators can face tens of thousands of dollars in fines . 
The Civil Rights Act of 1964 also prohibits the 'printing or publication of notices or advertisements indicating prohibited preference, limitation, specification or discrimination' in employment recruitment. 
Facebook's business model is based on allowing advertisers to target specific groups — or, apparently to exclude specific groups — using huge reams of personal data the company has collected about its users. Facebook's microtargeting is particularly helpful for advertisers looking to reach niche audiences, such as swing-state voters concerned about climate change. ProPublica recently offered a tool allowing users to see how Facebook is categorizing them . We found nearly 50,000 unique categories in which Facebook places its users. 
Facebook says its policies prohibit advertisers from using the targeting options for discrimination, harassment, disparagement or predatory advertising practices. 
'We take a strong stand against advertisers misusing our platform: Our policies prohibit using our targeting options to discriminate, and they require compliance with the law,' said Steve Satterfield, privacy and public policy manager at Facebook. 'We take prompt enforcement action when we determine that ads violate our policies.' 
Satterfield said it's important for advertisers to have the ability to both include and exclude groups as they test how their marketing performs. For instance, he said, an advertiser 'might run one campaign in English that excludes the Hispanic affinity group to see how well the campaign performs against running that ad campaign in Spanish. This is a common practice in the industry.' 
He said Facebook began offering the 'Ethnic Affinity' categories within the past two years as part of a 'multicultural advertising' effort. 
Satterfield added that the 'Ethnic Affinity' is not the same as race — which Facebook does not ask its members about. Facebook assigns members an 'Ethnic Affinity' based on pages and posts they have liked or engaged with on Facebook. 
When we asked why 'Ethnic Affinity' was included in the 'Demographics' category of its ad-targeting tool if it's not a representation of demographics, Facebook responded that it plans to move 'Ethnic Affinity' to another section. 
Facebook declined to answer questions about why our housing ad excluding minority groups was approved 15 minutes after we placed the order. 
By comparison, consider the advertising controls that the New York Times has put in place to prevent discriminatory housing ads. After the newspaper was successfully sued under the Fair Housing Act in 1989, it agreed to review ads for potentially discriminatory content before accepting them for publication. 
Steph Jespersen, the Times' director of advertising acceptability, said that the company's staff runs automated programs to make sure that ads that contain discriminatory phrases such as 'whites only' and 'no kids' are rejected. 
The Times' automated program also highlights ads that contain potentially discriminatory code words such as 'near churches' or 'close to a country club.' Humans then review those ads before they can be approved. 
Jespersen said the Times also rejects housing ads that contain photographs of too many white people. The people in the ads must represent the diversity of the population of New York, and if they don't, he says he will call up the advertiser and ask them to submit an ad with a more diverse lineup of models. 
But, Jespersen said, these days most advertisers know not to submit discriminatory ads: 'I haven't seen an ad with 'whites only' for a long time.' This work by ProPublica is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0 International License.
ARTICLE

Videos Green Party Senate Candidate Margaret Flowers Crashes Two-Party Debate Both of Flowers' opponents agreed to debate the Green Party candidate, but she was still excluded from the debate televised by CBS Baltimore. | October 28, 2016 Be Sociable, Share! Margaret Flowers, center, the Green Party candidate for U.S. Senate in Maryland, is escorted off stage after interrupting a televised Senate debate between Rep. Kathy Szeliga, R-Baltimore County, left, and Rep. Chris Van Hollen, D-Md., in Baltimore, Wednesday, Oct. 26, 2016 
BALTIMORE — Dr. Margaret Flowers, a Green Party candidate for Senate from Maryland, interrupted a televised debate to protest her exclusion from the forum on Wednesday. 
'I'm a candidate on the ballot. I have a statewide campaign. I don't understand why I'm not up here,' Flowers declared as she briefly occupied the debate stage. This is NOT what democracy looks like #MDSen only televised debate excludes candidate #OpenDebates #LetFlowersDebate https://t.co/vOCInhwdvN pic.twitter.com/0sdvzJgofQ 
— Dr. Margaret Flowers (@flowers4senate) October 26, 2016 
Flowers is running for the seat long occupied by Democratic incumbent Barbara Mikulski, who announced her retirement earlier this year. 
During the direct action, Flowers took the stage amid loud applause from the audience and shook hands with her opponents, Democratic nominee Chris Van Hollen and Republican nominee Kathy Szeliga, both of whom agreed to debate Flowers. 
Despite being welcomed by her opponents, the organizers of the debate, CBS Baltimore and the University of Baltimore, refused to allow Flowers to participate . Watch ' Green Party Nominee Margaret Flowers Interrupt Senate Debate ': 
After briefly holding forth on the stage, police escorted her from the premises. As she was being led away, Flowers loudly declared that the way alternative candidates like her are treated is 'why our Democracy is a sham.' 
After Flowers was led from the room, an audience member asserted his own support for open debates. He said: 'We need to have open debates at the national level, at the state level, at all levels. If we're supposed to be a democracy, why in God's name are we excluding people from democracy? America is supposed to be the model for democracy, and the corporate media telling us that we can't have more people at these debates — when is it going to end?' 
Other members of the audience also voiced support for Flowers' inclusion in the debate, including Kevin Zeese, who runs Popular Resistance alongside Flowers and who filmed the incident, shouting: 'Let her on the stage!' Police escorted both men out of the building. 
After the debate, the Flowers campaign issued a brief statement voicing her support for health care reform, for an end to foreign wars, and for the United States to invest heavily into renewable energy and fighting climate change. In part, the statement reads: 'My exclusion means the voters will not know what I stand for and how I compare to the other candidates. While I have obvious differences with Republican views, I also have significant differences with Van Hollen. I am one of only twelve congressional candidates in the nation certified as a clean money candidate while Van Hollen has raised millions of dollars from big business lobbyists on K Street including from the fracking industry, weapons makers and big banks.' 
According to a press release issued on Thursday by the campaign, the Sinclair Broadcast Group has offered to host a three-way debate on one of its stations. Of the three candidates, Van Hollen is the only one who refuses to participate. In the statement, Flowers said: 'Chris Van Hollen knows that if I am included in the debate his phony politics will be exposed. I will tell voters that Van Hollen has raised millions of campaign donations from wealthy lobbyists and industries such as natural gas, telecoms and weapons makers as well as how the policies he urges favor Wall Street investors and war. He is avoiding vigorous open debates because he has the funds to buy advertising and not risk being exposed.' 
Flowers, who is a pediatrician, became involved in politics and activism after she realized many of her patients and their families could not afford medical care. No stranger to direct action, Flowers was arrested in 2012 for protesting the Trans-Pacific Partnership , and again in 2014 for protesting a natural gas terminal in Cove Point, Maryland . In January 2015 , police escorted her out of the Senate as she interrupted TPP negotiations. 
She also serves as co-director of Popular Resistance , which organizes and reports on protests throughout the United States, and occasionally contributes reporting and analysis to MintPress News. 
In May, she told MintPress that she saw her candidacy as an opportunity to work with a political party 'that can work hand in hand with social movements to get the change we need.' 
'We have to build up a party that is the alternative we want to see, that really is dedicated to social justice and grassroots democracy,' Flowers said.
ARTICLE

| October 28, 2016 Be Sociable, Share! Police arrest an elder in ceremonial garb who was praying near Cannon Ball, N.D. (Photo: Unicorn Riot/Creative Commons) 
STANDING ROCK SIOUX RESERVATION, North Dakota — Law enforcement commenced a violent crackdown on Native American activists blocking construction on the Dakota Access pipeline on Thursday, resulting in over 100 arrests and multiple injuries. 
At least 107 people were arrested and both Native American 'water protectors' and members of the media were harmed when hundreds of militarized riot police, accompanied by armored vehicles and the National Guard, stormed a blockade on North Dakota Highway 1806 and an accompanying encampment. 
Among the injured was Derrick Broze , an independent journalist reporting for MintPress News from the Standing Rock Sioux reservation this week. He was shot with pepper spray and shocked with a 'less-lethal' taser. Police also took his smartphone, which he had been using to document the day's events via Facebook Live. 
'Today was filled with tense moments as the Morton County Sheriff's Department and other law enforcement moved to destroy the frontline camp in a militarized fashion,' Broze told MintPress News, using a borrowed smartphone. He continued: 'The water protectors chose to set fire to several barricades on [county road] 134 and [North Dakota Highway] 1806 in an attempt to hold their line. Despite identifying as press several times, the police tasered and pepper sprayed myself and several others.' http://www.mintpressnews.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/10/Broze-Standing-Rock-2.mp4 
Two members of Unicorn Riot, an independent media collective, were also attacked by police, and Native American livestreamers reported being hit by rubber bullets. Report from the frontlines of the police suppression of #NoDAPL water protectors. @HennepinSheriff 's beating & macing ppl (incl our journos) pic.twitter.com/mop4pZQQwO 
— Unicorn Riot (@UR_Ninja) October 27, 2016 
Police claim that one of the arrests came after a woman fired a gun at police , but the water protectors continue to insist that they've remained nonviolent and unarmed throughout their months of activism. UPDATE: Police confirm "one woman has been arrested for firing a weapon at the police line near Highway 1806." #DAPL https://t.co/10gbqmvS0e pic.twitter.com/YZvlwsUj0Y 
— RT America (@RT_America) October 28, 2016 
In addition to pepper spray and stun guns, law enforcement used rubber bullets and an LRAD 'sound cannon' on the assembled activists, which can cause permanent hearing damage at close range. An activist posted a picture of severe facial bruising reportedly caused by a rubber bullet. Other injuries of varying severity were reported via social media and confirmed by sources at the scene. Broken ribs head injures broken arms wrists leg injuries shrapnel wounds many youths brutalized as well as elders 
— Thunder Walks About (@notaxiwarrior) October 27, 2016 
Law enforcement agencies at the scene included representatives of the Morton County Sheriff's Department, as well as reinforcements from the Hennepin County Sheriff's Department, a Minneapolis-area force which continues to assist in North Dakota despite a rally at Minneapolis City Hall on Tuesday demanding their withdrawal from the state. #nodapl protest at Minneapolis city hall pic.twitter.com/gdrL5YjUeY 
— Fibonacci Blue (@FibonacciBlue) October 25, 2016 
Construction on the pipeline continued throughout the day, and is reportedly rapidly nearing completion. As police move-in w LRAD & hyper-militarized forces, #DakotaAccessPipeline construction continues unabated, nears sacred sites. #NoDAPL pic.twitter.com/egKhilg4NE 
— Unicorn Riot (@UR_Ninja) October 27, 2016 
'This is modern-day genocide against my people,' Wiyaka Eagleman, a Native American citizen journalist, said while broadcasting the events on Facebook live . Live feeds of the police raid frequently cut out, and on-the-ground sources reported that cellular phone signals appeared to be jammed. Often reported by journalists and activists at protests, cell-jamming by police is technically possible but remains unproven . "This is modern day genocide to my people," declares Native livestreamer as #police attack water protectors. https://t.co/Tlfp20uZnI #NoDAPL 
— Kit O'Connell (@KitOConnell) October 27, 2016 
Broze reported that a group of buffalo, herded by Native riders, stampeded toward police. Police fired on the horses and their riders, reportedly injuring some of each. Cops assaulting water protectors @ Standing Rock boy shot off horse and Atsa E'sha Hoferer himself shot | #NoDAPL https://t.co/e0aT0NoSUX 
Over the weekend and throughout the beginning of the week, Native activists had expanded their encampments from Standing Rock Sioux territory onto land claimed by the company behind the Dakota Access pipeline, Energy Transfer Partners . The water protectors, however, claim that the land belongs to the Sioux under the terms of an 1851 treaty . The new encampments also bordered on a sacred burial ground where Dakota Access pipeline security personnel used attack dogs on activists on Labor Day. 
By Thursday evening, police, security and National Guard had completely overrun the region, pushing water protectors back onto the reservation and onto land claimed by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. 
In one of the most disturbing reports, confirmed by Broze and social media reports, a Dakota Access pipeline security guard reportedly drove his truck onto tribal lands, threatening to run down protesters, then brandished what appeared to be an AR-15 assault rifle in the Oceti Sakowin camp. A source in the camp told MintPress that the situation was eventually de-escalated by police under the Bureau of Indian Affairs. My friends on scene say this is the civilian who almost ran down at least 30 Natives with a car. It's open season on our people. #NoDAPL pic.twitter.com/W2lWyZlYAn 
— Kelly Hayes (@MsKellyMHayes) October 27, 2016 
Teepees, a sweat lodge, and other sacred items were also destroyed by police. 
'Police showed no respect for the native people or their culture,' Broze said. http://www.mintpressnews.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/10/Broze-Standing-Rock.mp4 
As night set in, the situation appeared to be escalating further. Broze reported : 'Riot police have raided resistance camps and are still firing tear gas at protesters north of Red Warrior camp on 1806. Protesters have set an SUV on fire as a barricade on the bridge there. They are also setting the bridge on fire.' Be Sociable, Share!
ARTICLE

Hillary Clinton Finally Weighs In On Dakota Access Pipeline Response comes the same day militarized police forcibly cleared hundreds of water protectors from protest site. Be Sociable, Share! Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton speaks at a rally at Cuyahoga Community College in Cleveland. 
No longer able to sit on the sidelines and remain silent about the battle raging in North Dakota over Indigenous rights to clean water and sacred land, Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton released a statement on Thursday about the Dakota Access Pipeline (DAPL) fight—and it says 'literally nothing.' 
The statement was delivered via email to a handful of Indigenous journalists and news outlets and was said to be in response to a letter that Native leaders had sent to the former secretary of state asking for her help, as the Indigenous water protectors and their allies have faced tanks, militarized police forces, mace, and attack dogs as they've stood their ground in protest of the tar sands pipeline. 
Fed-up about her months-long silence , Indigenous youth from the Standing Rock Sioux and other tribes also demonstrated outside Clinton's campaign headquarters in Brooklyn, New York on Thursday asking for some sort of acknowledgement. 
But coming the same day that over 300 police officers in riot gear and armored vehicles—brandishing pepper spray, percussion grenades, sound cannons, and non-lethal shotguns, according to observers— forcibly cleared hundreds of water protectors from the frontline camp recently reclaimed through eminent domain , the response struck many as non-committal and lacking appropriate 'outrage.' 
The statement from director of coalitions press Xochitl Hinojosa, who oversees Hispanic, black, and women's media for the Clinton campaign, reads in full: We received a letter today from representatives of the tribes protesting the construction of the Dakota Access Pipeline. From the beginning of this campaign, Secretary Clinton has been clear that she thinks all voices should be heard and all views considered in federal infrastructure projects. Now, all of the parties involved—including the federal government, the pipeline company and contractors, the state of North Dakota, and the tribes—need to find a path forward that serves the broadest public interest. As that happens, it's important that on the ground in North Dakota, everyone respects demonstrators' rights to protest peacefully, and workers' rights to do their jobs safely. 
'What a crock,' said Ruth Hopkins, a Dakota-Lakota Sioux writer for Indian Country Today Media Network . 
'Hillary Clinton managed to make a statement about the Dakota Pipeline that literally says nothing. Literally,' 350.org co-founder Bill McKibben tweeted in response. 
'Kind of a BS statement by the Clinton camp on #NoDAPL, frankly,' wrote MSNBC host Joy Reid. 'The outrage taking place out there cries out for outrage.' 
Others noted that the statement 'is the most Clinton thing of all times,' as Fairness & Accuracy in Reporting journalist Adam Johnson put it . 
In a lengthy Twitter thread , anonymous commentator @ActualFlatticus breaks down what they say is the campaign's 'triangulation' of the protest. In other words, you're going to protest by our rules. You're going to do it as we tell you. Or you can't protest. 
— Alan Smithee (@ActualFlatticus) October 28, 2016 No part of this statement is concerned with the safety of the water protectors in any way. But the workers are in danger? How, exactly. 
— Alan Smithee (@ActualFlatticus) October 28, 2016 The corporations (her donors) have a right to push their pipeline through sacred land (never mentioned). Despite the treaties we made. 
— Alan Smithee (@ActualFlatticus) October 28, 2016 And what makes it all so unbelievably offensive? Is we all know Hillary Clinton didn't write this. Not a word. She approves, that's it. 
— Alan Smithee (@ActualFlatticus) October 28, 2016 This work by Common Dreams  
ARTICLE

Videos CETA: Canada Has Challenged The EU's Chemical Regulations 21 Times Canada – like the United States – takes issue with the European approach to regulation, which is described as the 'precautionary principle'. | October 28, 2016 Be Sociable, Share! A man protests against international trade agreements TTIP and CETA in front of EU headquarters in Brussels on Thursday, Oct. 27, 2016. 
The Canadian government raised concerns over the European Union's regulations on chemicals on more than 20 occasions over the course of a decade, according to a letter seen by Energydesk . 
In a note sent to the Belgian government on October 19 , the Center for International Environmental Law (CIEL) claims that the Canadian state challenged the EU's REACH regulations at the World Trade Organisation 21 times between the years 2003 and 2011. 
The UK's Health and Safety Executive (HSE) describes the REACH regulations as providing 'a high level of protection of human health and the environment from the use of chemicals.' 
The news will raise concerns that Canadian companies may use the trade and investment deal CETA to undermine EU regulations. 
'The threat of undue Canadian influence on environmental regulations such as REACH is real,' CIEL CEO Carroll Muffett wrote . 
The CETA deal – which sets up private courts that enable foreign corporations to sue countries – has been held up by the British government as a model for post-Brexit free trade deals. 
Corporate courts 
Canadian companies have also used the trade agreements to take legal action against countries on 42 occasions, according to data from the Investment Policy Hub — with Canada ranked 5th among the nations in which this type of investor-to-state lawsuit have been filed. 
Earlier this year, for example, the Canadian pipeline company TransCanada sued the United States government for $15 billion over its decision to scrap the Keystone XL project — using a provision in the NAFTA trade deal. 
CETA, which is currently being signed by EU members following a week-long blockade by Wallonia and two other Belgian regions, sets up an investor dispute system called the Investment Court System (ICS) . 
In fact the ICS was among the reasons that the Wallonian government took a stand, with the region's leader Paul Magnette saying: 'I would prefer that [the ICS] disappears pure and simple and that we rely on our courts or at the very least, if we want an arbitration court, it must provide equivalent guarantees to domestic ones.' 
As part of the newly negotiated agreement, the Belgian government will ask the European Court of Justice to rule on the legality of the deal — and the ICS in particular. 
Beyond REACH 
REACH – the r egistration, e valuation, a uthorisation and restriction of ch emicals – is a set of extensive rules 'adopted to improve the protection of human health and the environment from the risks that can be posed by chemicals' — so says the European Chemicals Agency . 
Canada's concerns – which were not formal actions, but rather issues raised at the WTO – largely related to rules around competition and whether the regulations would be burdensome to business . 
The 21 complaints spanned the administrations of the Liberal Paul Martin, when REACH was just a draft, and the Conservative Stephen Harper. 
Essentially Canada – like the United States – takes issue with the European approach to regulation, which is described as the 'precautionary principle'. 
This approach means products need to be proven safe by companies who seek to market them, before they enter the market. In North America, the burden of proof is on public authorities, which have to prove that a product is dangerous. 
Documents unearthed by CIEL show that Canada has filed objections to the EU using this approach to regulate endocrine disrupting chemicals, arguing that the 'EU's hazard-based approach could unnecessarily disrupt trade in food and feed'. 
Scientific studies show a range of health impacts caused by exposure to endocrine disrupting chemicals – which are found in food containers and plastics – including IQ loss and adult obesity. This work by Energy Desk  
ARTICLE

Videos Right-Wing Militiamen Aquitted In Armed Takeover Of Malheur Refuge The standoff at a wildlife refuge in Oregon was never branded "domestic terrorism" by authorities or the media. | October 28, 2016 Be Sociable, Share! Ammon Bundy, center, one of the sons of Nevada rancher Cliven Bundy, walks off after speaking with reporters during a news conference at Malheur National Wildlife Refuge headquarters Monday, Jan. 4, 2016, near Burns, Ore. Bundy, who was involved in a 2014 standoff with the government over grazing rights told reporters on Monday that two local ranchers who face long prison sentences for setting fire to land have been treated unfairly. (AP Photo/Rick Bowmer) All seven far-right militiamen who led an armed takeover of a federal wildlife refuge in Oregon in January that led to a standoff with police were found not guilty of all charges stemming from the action. 
The seven anti-government men, including brothers Ammon and Ryan Bundy, began their 41-day occupation of the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge on Jan. 2 with at least a dozen armed men, in the latest flare-up in a nearly century-old conflict over federal control of millions of acres of public land in the West. 
They surrendered when a spokesman for the group, Robert 'La Voy' Finnicum was shot and killed by state police. 
Charges included conspiracy to threaten, force and intimidate park officials trying to end the standoff, theft of public property and the use and carrying of a firearm. 
teleSUR journalist Arun Gupta, who reported from the scene during the occupation, said that charging the militia group with conspiracy instead of what by definition is 'domestic terrorism,' is an example of the 'hypocrisy and double standards of the U.S. government.' 
Deliberations continued until Thursday morning after a juror was dismissed over accusations of bias — the juror, a former employee of the Bureau of Land Management, had allegedly told others he is 'very biased.' The federal judge told the 12-person jury to 'disregard entirely' previous discussions and start anew. 
Accusing the federal government of stealing land in Oregon, the group has refused to pay for cattle-grazing permits. They were demanding that the federal government hand over the rights to the refuge to individual states and residents for their own use. 
Both Bundy brothers had been in jail since being arrested after the standoff ended. A separate trial will take place in February 2017 for a second group of defendants charged in relation to the standoff.
ARTICLE

Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton speaks at a rally at Cuyahoga Community College in Cleveland.
No longer able to sit on the sidelines and remain silent about the battle raging in North Dakota over Indigenous rights to clean water and sacred land, Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton released a statement on Thursday about the Dakota Access Pipeline (DAPL) fight—and it says 'literally nothing.'
The statement was delivered via email to a handful of Indigenous journalists and news outlets and was said to be in response to a letter that Native leaders had sent to the former secretary of state asking for her help, as the Indigenous water protectors and their allies have faced tanks, militarized police forces, mace, and attack dogs as they've stood their ground in protest of the tar sands pipeline.
Fed-up about her months-long silence , Indigenous youth from the Standing Rock Sioux and other tribes also demonstrated outside Clinton's campaign headquarters in Brooklyn, New York on Thursday asking for some sort of acknowledgement.
But coming the same day that over 300 police officers in riot gear and armored vehicles—brandishing pepper spray, percussion grenades, sound cannons, and non-lethal shotguns, according to observers— forcibly cleared hundreds of water protectors from the frontline camp recently reclaimed through eminent domain , the response struck many as non-committal and lacking appropriate 'outrage.'
The statement from director of coalitions press Xochitl Hinojosa, who oversees Hispanic, black, and women's media for the Clinton campaign, reads in full:
We received a letter today from representatives of the tribes protesting the construction of the Dakota Access Pipeline. From the beginning of this campaign, Secretary Clinton has been clear that she thinks all voices should be heard and all views considered in federal infrastructure projects. Now, all of the parties involved—including the federal government, the pipeline company and contractors, the state of North Dakota, and the tribes—need to find a path forward that serves the broadest public interest. As that happens, it's important that on the ground in North Dakota, everyone respects demonstrators' rights to protest peacefully, and workers' rights to do their jobs safely.
'What a crock,' said Ruth Hopkins, a Dakota-Lakota Sioux writer for Indian Country Today Media Network .
'Hillary Clinton managed to make a statement about the Dakota Pipeline that literally says nothing. Literally,' 350.org co-founder Bill McKibben tweeted in response.
'Kind of a BS statement by the Clinton camp on #NoDAPL, frankly,' wrote MSNBC host Joy Reid. 'The outrage taking place out there cries out for outrage.'
Others noted that the statement 'is the most Clinton thing of all times,' as Fairness & Accuracy in Reporting journalist Adam Johnson put it .
In a lengthy Twitter thread , anonymous commentator @ActualFlatticus breaks down what they say is the campaign's 'triangulation' of the protest.
In other words, you're going to protest by our rules. You're going to do it as we tell you. Or you can't protest.
— Alan Smithee (@ActualFlatticus) October 28, 2016
No part of this statement is concerned with the safety of the water protectors in any way. But the workers are in danger? How, exactly.
— Alan Smithee (@ActualFlatticus) October 28, 2016
The corporations (her donors) have a right to push their pipeline through sacred land (never mentioned). Despite the treaties we made.
— Alan Smithee (@ActualFlatticus) October 28, 2016
And what makes it all so unbelievably offensive? Is we all know Hillary Clinton didn't write this. Not a word. She approves, that's it.
— Alan Smithee (@ActualFlatticus) October 28, 2016
ARTICLE

A man protests against international trade agreements TTIP and CETA in front of EU headquarters in Brussels on Thursday, Oct. 27, 2016.
The Canadian government raised concerns over the European Union's regulations on chemicals on more than 20 occasions over the course of a decade, according to a letter seen by Energydesk .
In a note sent to the Belgian government on October 19 , the Center for International Environmental Law (CIEL) claims that the Canadian state challenged the EU's REACH regulations at the World Trade Organisation 21 times between the years 2003 and 2011.
The UK's Health and Safety Executive (HSE) describes the REACH regulations as providing 'a high level of protection of human health and the environment from the use of chemicals.'
The news will raise concerns that Canadian companies may use the trade and investment deal CETA to undermine EU regulations.
'The threat of undue Canadian influence on environmental regulations such as REACH is real,' CIEL CEO Carroll Muffett wrote .
The CETA deal – which sets up private courts that enable foreign corporations to sue countries – has been held up by the British government as a model for post-Brexit free trade deals.
Corporate courts Canadian companies have also used the trade agreements to take legal action against countries on 42 occasions, according to data from the Investment Policy Hub — with Canada ranked 5th among the nations in which this type of investor-to-state lawsuit have been filed.
Earlier this year, for example, the Canadian pipeline company TransCanada sued the United States government for $15 billion over its decision to scrap the Keystone XL project — using a provision in the NAFTA trade deal.
CETA, which is currently being signed by EU members following a week-long blockade by Wallonia and two other Belgian regions, sets up an investor dispute system called the Investment Court System (ICS) .
In fact the ICS was among the reasons that the Wallonian government took a stand, with the region's leader Paul Magnette saying: 'I would prefer that [the ICS] disappears pure and simple and that we rely on our courts or at the very least, if we want an arbitration court, it must provide equivalent guarantees to domestic ones.'
As part of the newly negotiated agreement, the Belgian government will ask the European Court of Justice to rule on the legality of the deal — and the ICS in particular.
Beyond REACH REACH – the r egistration, e valuation, a uthorisation and restriction of ch emicals – is a set of extensive rules 'adopted to improve the protection of human health and the environment from the risks that can be posed by chemicals' — so says the European Chemicals Agency .
Canada's concerns – which were not formal actions, but rather issues raised at the WTO – largely related to rules around competition and whether the regulations would be burdensome to business .
The 21 complaints spanned the administrations of the Liberal Paul Martin, when REACH was just a draft, and the Conservative Stephen Harper.
Essentially Canada – like the United States – takes issue with the European approach to regulation, which is described as the 'precautionary principle'.
This approach means products need to be proven safe by companies who seek to market them, before they enter the market. In North America, the burden of proof is on public authorities, which have to prove that a product is dangerous.
Documents unearthed by CIEL show that Canada has filed objections to the EU using this approach to regulate endocrine disrupting chemicals, arguing that the 'EU's hazard-based approach could unnecessarily disrupt trade in food and feed'.
Scientific studies show a range of health impacts caused by exposure to endocrine disrupting chemicals – which are found in food containers and plastics – including IQ loss and adult obesity.
ARTICLE

Videos Off-Duty Black Cop Profiled And Beaten By White Officer I went to the ground I kept saying, 'I'm the police, I'm the police.' There were two other officers there. I felt their presence and they placed me in handcuffs, and then somebody hit me in the right side of my face.' Be Sociable, Share! Washington D.C. police officer Robert Parker. 
An off duty D.C. police officer says he was brutalized by a Prince George's County police officer who profiled him as a suspect after a shooting at Iverson Mall on Tuesday. 
A few minutes after a man was shot and wounded at the mall, Prince George's County police descended on the Temple Hills neighborhood looking for a suspect who was only described as a black male wearing a hoodie and blue jeans, according to Paul Wagner of Fox 5 . 
Robert Parker, an off-duty D.C. police officer who was also dressed in a hoodie and blue jeans, was walking away from the mall down Iverson Street. That's when he says a black Prince George's County officer pulled up alongside him in a police cruiser. 
Obeying what he was told by the officer didn't do Parker any good. Even though he obeyed, he was still thrown to the floor and punched in the head. 'And I can't remember if I said okay or was just kind of baffled at the moment, and he walked up to me and he started patting me down and I'm just thinking, is this really happening? Because I know the protocol because I'm a police officer,' Parker said. 'He reaches around and feels my sidearm, my firearm and I look at him and I see the look in his eye and I say, 'I'm the police.' I'm literally slammed. I went to the ground I kept saying, 'I'm the police, I'm the police.' There were two other officers there. I felt their presence and they placed me in handcuffs, and then somebody hit me in the right side of my face.' 
Parker says he wasn't resisting and felt the take down and punch were totally unwarranted. He says he hates to pull the race card, but believes had he been white, the take down and what he views as excessive force would not have happened. 
Parker injured his wrist when he was assaulted and went for treatment at the police and fire clinic as well as a hospital emergency room. 
Prince George's County police are defending their officer that assaulted an innocent man. They say he's a 20-year veteran with a lot of experience, and is a supervisor in that section of the county. They also issued a lengthy statement which reads: 'Based on our preliminary investigation and preliminary review of an audio recording of the encounter in question, we believe our officer acted professionally and with restraint. This encounter took place within several minutes of the shooting being reported at the mall and approximately three blocks from the scene. Our officer who was responding to the shooting, which had just prompted the lock-down of two nearby schools – spotted a man walking who matched the description. Our officer, a sergeant assigned to our district 4 station, got out of his cruiser and began an investigatory stop. During a pat down, our officer discovered the man had a gun on his waistband. At that point, our officer took the man to the ground during a brief struggle. Our preliminary investigation reveals that it was only after the man was restrained by the original officer and backup officers did he identify himself as a police officer.' 
Even off duty officers are not immune to police brutality. Parker had a right to carry a concealed firearm and Maryland allows concealed carry of firearms, so even if he did not identify himself as an officer, there is still no reason to believe he was breaking any laws and still no reason to treat him the way they did. Will these officers be held accountable for assaulting an innocent man? 
Watch the video below…
ARTICLE

Videos Clinton Campaign Planned To Vilify Nurses For Backing Sanders 'The Clinton team's attack on nurses as 'fringe' and not a 'real union' is deplorable, but hardly a shock." | October 29, 2016 Be Sociable, Share! Sen. Bernie Sanders, I-Vt., waves after speaking at a rally with registered nurses and other community leaders celebrate the 50th anniversary of Medicare and Medicaid, on Capitol Hill Washington. 
Published in partnership with Shadowproof. 
Robby Mook, the manager for Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign, urged staff to attack National Nurses United (NNU) as 'fringe' and suggested they were 'not a 'real' union,' according to emails published by WikiLeaks. 
NNU gave Bernie Sanders one of his biggest union endorsements. The nurses union also invested a lot of time and resources into get out the vote efforts and hosted a major People's Summit in June that brought all the forces, which were supportive of the Sanders campaign, together in Chicago to explore how to carry on a people's agenda after the election. 
RoseAnn DeMoro, executive director of NNU, responded, 'The Clinton team's attack on nurses as 'fringe' and not a 'real union' is deplorable, but hardly a shock. It's a window in how they seek to vilify any critics, as evidenced in other emails showing Clinton's mocking disdain for environmental activists.' 
DeMoro continued, 'Apparently, a 'real union' is only one that falls lock step within the Democratic Party establishment and 'fringe' when it fails to embrace partnerships with Wall Street and other corporate interests.' 
'Sadly, it's also a preview of what we can expect in the next four years and a reminder that—from day one of the Clinton administration—NNU and our allies will need to make our voices loudly heard to advocate for social, economic, and political justice for patients and all people.' 
On August 9, 2015, the labor outreach director, Nikki Budzinski, indicated NNU would endorse Sanders. It was the first national labor endorsement the campaign failed to win. 
Mook replied, 'On the nurses—can we be ready [with] background for the press team on how fringe they are? Also have they praised HRC before?' 
'I would be wary of trying to attack them as fringe,' Budzinski advised. However, she said the press would 'love this story' and 'finding a creative way to shake it I think is worth the effort.' 
Mook agreed and added, 'I'm just worried less experienced reporters won't understand that they're not a 'real' union.' 
NNU is, in fact, a 'real' union. It is an AFL-CIO member union. It is also the largest union of registered nurses in the United States. 
In July 2015, Mook favored lobbying NNU leadership to prevent them from endorsing Bernie. That pressure clearly failed. 
The campaign pit the nurses of the American Federation of Teachers (AFT) against the nurses of NNU, trotting them out to deaden the impact of NNU's support for Sanders. Campaign chairman John Podesta even seemed to welcome AFT president Randi Weingarten's pledge to 'go after NNU and there [sic] high and mighty sanctimonious conduct.' 
Individuals connected to the campaign continued to keep track of NNU and their efforts to support Sanders. Tina Flournoy of AFT notified the campaign when NNU sent out a press release condemning the Democratic National Committee for its attempt to rig the primary process by denying Sanders access to a master list of voters. 
Clinton campaign staff likely considered NNU 'fringe' because the nurses union took a principled stand on the Affordable Care Act (ACA). They pushed for single-payer healthcare and still refuse to settle for anything less than Medicare for All. 
At a Democratic Platform Committee meeting in June, DeMoro criticized the ACA, as well as the Clinton campaign's proposals for incremental market-based reform that would barely address human needs. 
Clinton and DNC appointees to the Platform Committee blocked the Democratic Party from including language that would have suggested the party supports expanding Medicare to cover all Americans. 
'The Affordable Care Act, while an improvement, is not good enough. It is structurally deficient [and] leaves healthcare as a system based on profit and ability to pay rather than patient need,' NNU declared in a statement after the platform committee voted down the single-payer language. 
It still means tens of millions of American have no 'health coverage or 'insurance'' because they cannot afford 'high out of pocket costs.' Plus, the law has systemic problems which undermine quality of care, and it is easy for the health care industry to game the system, NNU added. 
President Barack Obama's administration confirmed premiums under the ACA will go up about 25 percent. Many Americans will only have one insurance provider to choose from when buying insurance through exchanges. 
The spike further undermines the arguments of progressive establishment figures, who insist the ACA must be defended at all costs, including against calls to establish a universal health care system that would truly put people before profits. 
Finally, some of the worst attacks from Democrats and the Obama administration came in 2009 and 2010 against groups and organizations, which did not immediately fall in line and support the ACA. They lashed out those committed to single-payer healthcare or a much weaker reform, the public option. 
The conduct of the Clinton campaign suggests this type of disdain for principled challenges from progressives will continue under a Clinton administration, and in fact, a Clinton administration may be more crude and vicious in their efforts to stamp out dissent. Be Sociable, Share!
ARTICLE

Videos France's Far-Right National Front Seeks Funding From United Arab Emirates With French banks reluctant to lend to the National Front, the party says it could resort to foreign funding from as far away as the UAE. | October 29, 2016 Be Sociable, Share! An electoral board showing France's far-right National Front president Marine Le Pen and reading: 100% National Front. 0% migrants is pictured during a demonstration in Forges-les-Bains, south of Paris, France, Saturday, Oct. 8, 2016. 
France's National Front is known to have diverse funding streams, but an investigation published this week unveiled a new potential funder: the United Arab Emirates. 
It is certainly an odd source of funding for a party whose leader, Marine Le Pen, has been taken to court for anti-Muslim hate speech. 
Le Pen's Russian networks are already well known: in 2014, the National Front received a loan of €11mn ($12mn) from the First Czech Russian Bank. 
This fact was admitted by the party's treasurer, Wallerand de Saint-Just, who said: 'The party makes requests to foreign banks, why not Russian banks?' 
The latest controversy was sparked by a book by famed French investigative journalists Christian Chesnot and Georges Malbrunot. In 2004, the journalistic duo were even held hostage at one point by Islamic militants in Iraq. 
Titled Nos très chers émirs (Our dear emirs), their latest book exposes the murky relationship between a number of French politicians and the countries of the Arabian Gulf. 
In the wake of the controversy caused by the book's publication, the news website Mediapart has raised the question of possible funding of Marine Le Pen's presidential campaign by the UAE. 
A source familiar with the far-right French party told Middle East Eye: 'It is true that in 2014 Marine Le Pen met an Emirati emissary in her residence in Montrebout, in the Hauts-de-Seine region, who offered to help her. 
'That being said, the FN [National Front] has always been clear on this point: it has two enemies, Qatar and Saudi Arabia, which it regards as sponsors of wahhabism, but in her eyes the Emiratis are an ally in the fight against radicalisation.' 
Wahhabism is an ultra-orthodox strand of Sunni Islam practised in Saudi Arabia and the Gulf, and it has become an increasingly popular theme to explain the chaos gripping the Middle East. 
'France must break its relations with Qatar and Saudi Arabia, which helped, assisted, and funded Islamic fundamentalists worldwide,' Le Pen said in September 2014 on France 24. 
'We must rely on those Muslim countries which fight fundamentalism,' she added, naming the UAE and Egypt as examples of such countries and calling for 'a wide coalition' against Islamic extremism. 
In 2014, pro-Le Pen French MEP Jean-Luc Schaffhauser told Mediapart that he had negotiated a loan at a rate of 2.8 percent with the National Bank of Abu Dhabi, but that it in the event it did not materialize. 
The following year in May, Le Pen travelled to Cairo to meet with the Grand Imam of al-Azhar Mosque – a trip allegedly funded by the UAE, according to Christian Chesnot and Georges Malbrunot. 
The allegation was denied earlier this week by National Front MEP and Secretary General Nicolas Bay, who told France 2 television: 'That is incorrect.' 
'For now, about 50 percent of the campaign should be funded by Cotelec, the FN's funding organisation that is chaired by Jean-Marie Le Pen,' the source close to the party told MEE. 
These loans granted to the party by its members will be refunded once the state has itself reimbursed the campaign. This rule applies to all parties that win more than 5 percent of the vote in the first round of the elections. 
'The needs for the first round are estimated at around €12mn, and €21mn for the second round. For the first round, they still lack €6-7 million, but they are aware of the fact that appealing to the Gulf countries harm them in terms of image,' the source added. 
'So at first, the goal is to look for loans in European countries. If this is not enough, they will turn to the Russians, and thirdly, to the UAE. We can say that this is an option, but a third choice option.' 
The National Front has indicated that around 40 banks have refused to lend it money. Yet polls assure that Le Pen will win more than the 5 percent of votes needed to be reimbursed by the state. 
'If we have to borrow abroad, we will borrow abroad,' Wallerand de Saint-Just, the party's treasurer, told France 3. 'There are no exceptions to this, either in Russia, Argentina, or in the United States… and why not in the Middle East?'
ARTICLE

US Drone Strike In Afghanistan Kills, Wounds Several Civilians The attack targeted the home of a suspected 'Taliban commander.' | October 29, 2016 Be Sociable, Share! In this July, 2008 photo, a U.S. MQ-9 Reaper takes off from Joint Base Balad, Iraq. (Photo/U.S. Air Force by Tech. Sgt. Richard Lisum via Wikimedia Commons) 
A US drone strike has killed and wounded a number of civilians in Afghanistan's Nangarhar Province today, though exact numbers are as yet unclear, with officials claiming that the home at the center of the attack was owned by a suspected Taliban commander. 
The putative commander does not appear to have been among the casualties, though at least four people were killed within the house, and the blast also wounded a number of people in the surrounding area. At least seven children and five women are in the hospital for treatment related to the strike. 
Official Afghan statements only labeled the 12 wounded as civilians, and everyone else was not a civilian. Locals offered varying estimates, and the Taliban claimed two civilians killed and over 30 wounded in their own report on the attack. 
The Nangarhar Province has been heavily targeted by US warplanes over the past several months, though generally trying to tamp down a growing ISIS faction therein. The Taliban has had a presence in Nangarhar throughout the US occupation, as indeed they have almost everywhere along the Pakistan border.
ARTICLE

Videos Amnesty Intl: Western Backed Syrian Rebels Must End Unlawful Attacks In W. Aleppo Up to 48 people including 17 children have been killed in civilian areas of government-controlled western Aleppo since the offensive began, according to the Syrian Observatory of Human Rights. Be Sociable, Share! A screenshot showing Syrian rebels using an American made BGM-71 TOW missile. 
The fierce offensive on western Aleppo city launched by armed opposition groups on 28 October has been marked by indiscriminate attacks on civilian areas that cannot be justified as a way to break the relentless siege that has sparked a humanitarian crisis in eastern Aleppo, Amnesty International said. 
Up to 48 people including 17 children have been killed in civilian areas of government-controlled western Aleppo since the offensive began, according to the Syrian Observatory of Human Rights. The goal of breaking the siege on eastern Aleppo does not give armed opposition groups a license to flout the rules of international humanitarian law by bombarding civilian neighbourhoods in government-held areas without distinction Samah Hadid, Deputy Director of Campaigns at Amnesty International's Beirut regional office 
'Armed opposition groups have displayed a shocking disregard for civilian lives. Video footage shows they have used imprecise explosive weapons including mortars and Katyusha rockets, whose use in the vicinity of densely populated civilian areas flagrantly violates international humanitarian law. Armed opposition groups must end all attacks that fail to distinguish between military targets and civilians.' 
On 30 October an alleged 'toxic gas' attack took place in al-Hamdaniyeh and al-Assad areas of western Aleppo causing dozens of injuries according to the Syrian state news agency SANA. 
'Chemical weapons are internationally banned and their use is a war crime. Such weapons cause immense suffering and health damage. Their use can never be justified and regardless of who is behind this attack all parties to the conflict must halt the use of all prohibited weapons of war,' said Samah Hadid. Be Sociable, Share!
ARTICLE

Videos Podesta Emails Part 24: Wikileaks Releases Another 2,620 Emails; Total Is Now 39,511 Among today's emails, among the thousands of emails, in May 2015 email from Jen Palmieri to Joel Benenson of the Benenson strategy group suggests that Hillary Clinton knows everything about the Clinton Foundation donors. Be Sociable, Share! 

In the aftermath of one of the most memorable October shocks in presidential campaign history, and down the final stretch in the presidential race which has just over one week left, Wikileaks continues its ongoing broadside attack against the Clinton campaign with the relentless Podesta dump, by unveiling another 2,620 emails in the latest, Part 24 of its Podesta release, bringing the total emails released so far to exactly 39,511. 
The release comes hours after Wikileaks warned that it was launching its 'Phase 3' of election coverage this week.. 
In the latest, Sunday set, of emails Doug Band commented on Teneo's relationship with the Clinton Foundation, saying 'if this story gets out, we are screwed,' we learned that Google's Eric Schmidt wanted to be 'head outside advisor' to the Clinton campaign, and a potential conflict of interest with the Clinton Foundation assisting El Salvador in obtaining $50 million in cash. As usual we are parsing through the latest release and will bring readers the more notable emails. Among today's emails, we find a May 2015 email from Jen Palmieri to Joel Benenson of the Benenson strategy group suggests that Hillary Clinton knows everything about the Clinton Foundation donors. We also find more direct involvement by Google's Eric Schmidt, when in an April 2015 email to Cheryl Mills he tells her 'I have put together my thoughts on the campaign ideas and I have scheduled some meetings in the next few weeks for veterans of the campaign to tell me how to make these ideas better.' A January 2012 email from Laura Graham to Cheryl Mills sheds some more light on the Teneo scandal: 'Below see my draft. I really took a shot in the dark here and didn't know how far we should go on these issues. I remain concerned that email will be forwarded to press and so am against sending an email altogether. If we want to include the broader list of individuals going to the PO (I left a marker in the text for that) then we obviously have to meet with people before any email or staff meeting.' A May 2013 email from Neera Tanden address to John Podesta discussing a WaPo article how a Super PAC plans to coordinated directly with the Clinton campaign leads to the following exchange: That's fine But skirting if not violating law doesn't help her INMHO This article originally appeared on ZeroHedge.com . Be Sociable, Share!
ARTICLE

Videos #NoDAPL: Native American Leaders Vow to Stay All Winter, File Lawsuit Against Police Amnesty International are sending a delegation of human rights observers to monitor the response of law enforcement to the protests. Be Sociable, Share! (Rob Wilson photo) 
Native American leaders vowed on Saturday to protest through the winter against a North Dakota oil pipeline they say threatens water resources and sacred lands and are planning lawsuits over police treatment of arrested protesters. 
Standing Rock Sioux Chairman Dave Archambault II said he and other tribal leaders were working on providing food, heat and shelter for protesters opposed to the $3.8 billion Dakota Access Pipeline. 
'We're just working through some technical details as far as where the land is, and the type of land that can be used for some permanent structures,' Archambault told reporters in Mandan, North Dakota on Saturday morning. 
At least 10 shelters were being readied on tribal land against temperatures that can fall below -35 Fahrenheit (-37 Celsius) for days at time, he said. 
'It doesn't have to put our water at risk,' said Archambault, who was joined by Cheyenne River Sioux Chairman Harold Frazier. 
The two leaders said they're considering taking legal action against law enforcement. Standing Rock Chairman Dave Archambault II said more than 40 people were injured, including broken bones and welts from rubber bullets and bean bag rounds fired by law enforcement on Thursday, Oct. 27th. 
Archambault said his tribe may pursue a class action over police tactics. Officers in riot gear swept through a protester camp on private land using pepper spray, bean bag rounds and an audio cannon aiming high-pitched 'sound cannon' blasts against demonstrators. At least 142 people were arrested on Thursday and Friday. 
Protesters had numbers written on their arms and were housed in what appeared to be dog kennels, without bedding or furniture. 
'It's just wrong to use that type of force on innocent people,' Archambault said Saturday, Oct. 29, during a press conference in front of the Morton County Sheriff's Department. 
Cheyenne River Sioux Chairman Harold Frazier said he has heard reports of inhumane treatment while people were incarcerated. 
'All they're doing is standing up to protect that water,' Frazier said. Here come reinforcements! As police attack & arrest land protectors thousands of buffalo storm #StandingRock https://t.co/NoQyIsWbxv #NoDAPL pic.twitter.com/oMa647HviB 
— RoseAnn DeMoro (@RoseAnnDeMoro) October 28, 2016 
Meanwhile, Amnesty International USA (AIUSA) announced that they are sending a delegation of human rights observers to monitor the response of law enforcement to the protests. 
AIUSA also has sent a letter to the Morton County Sheriff's Department expressing concern about the degree of force used against the protests. The organization will also call on the Department of Justice to investigate police practices. 
AIUSA sent a delegation of observers to the area in August and has stayed in contact both with the Indigenous community and those policing the protests since then. Letters had previously been sent to the North Dakota Highway Patrol and the Morton County Sheriff's office calling for law enforcement officers to respect international human rights standards on the policing of protests. 
'Our observers are here to ensure that everyone's human rights are protected,' said Eric Ferrero, director of communications for AIUSA. 'We're deeply concerned about what we heard during our previous visit to Standing Rock and what has been reported to us since.' 
In some instances, police have responded to protesters with pepper spray and bean bags, and in one instance, private security staff used guard dogs. Those recently arrested have reported being strip searched and forced to pay bail for minor offenses. Members of the media and legal observers have also been arrested or charged with minor offenses. 
'People here just want to stand up for the rights of Indigenous people and protect their natural resources. These people should not be treated like the enemy,' said Ferrero 'Police must keep the peace using minimal force appropriate to the situation. Confronting men, women, and children while outfitted in gear more suited for the battlefield is a disproportionate response.' 
This picture should be shared far & wide. I can only see wrong doing from one side and it isn't the elder! Bullying cretins! #NoDAPL pic.twitter.com/avNjgfYGnz 
— Crystal Johnson (@Crystal1Johnson) October 29, 2016
ARTICLE

Videos Jill Stein Blasts 'Attack-Dog' Media, Clinton Protectionists After Daily Beast Smear The Green Party presidential candidate questioned the lack of 'disclosure on the conflict of interest posed by Chelsea Clinton's position as a director of the corporate owner of the Daily Beast, IAC' after The Daily Beast published an article criticizing Stein's investments. | October 31, 2016 Be Sociable, Share! Green party presidential candidate Jill Stein delivers a stump speech to her supporters during a campaign stop at Humanist Hall in Oakland, Calif. on Thursday, Oct. 6, 2016. 
AUSTIN, Texas — Green Party presidential candidate Dr. Jill Stein accused The Daily Beast, a popular news and opinion website, of hiding its ties to the Clintons after publishing an attack on Stein's investment portfolio on Wednesday. 
' Jill Stein's Ideology Says One Thing—Her Investment Portfolio Says Another ' declared the headline for an analysis of Stein's investments and finances by Yashar Ali. The article suggests that Stein has millions of dollars invested in mutual funds which support industries she opposes on the campaign trail, including fossil fuels and the military-industrial complex. 
'If Mr. Ali is truly interested in conflicts of interest of political candidates and their families, where is his disclosure on the conflict of interest posed by Chelsea Clinton's position as a director of the corporate owner of the Daily Beast, IAC ?' Stein fired back in a detailed response sent to the Daily Beast prior to publication and published to her campaign website in full on Wednesday . 

— Dr. Jill Stein (@DrJillStein) October 27, 2016 
Ali's analysis was based on Stein's financial disclosure filing with the U.S. Office of Government Ethics, a requirement for all presidential candidates, which the office published in March. Ali also used Stein's 2015 tax return , which the candidate released voluntarily earlier this year. Ali reported that Stein and her husband, Richard Rohrer, 'have investments (with the exception of real estate) valued at anywhere from $3,832,050 to $8,505,000,' then criticized the candidate for her investment in a series of index funds or mutual funds which offer investors relatively safe and consistent returns on their money. However, in exchange for reliable earnings, investors also give up control over where their money is used. 
'Like many Americans who hold retirement accounts, pension funds, or who invest in the American economy, my finances are largely held in index funds or mutual funds over which I have no control in management or decision-making,' Stein wrote in her response. 
She added: 'Over the years I have taken steps to divest from the worst of these holdings — transferring my checking and savings accounts from Bank of America largely to a credit union, and divesting from GE, Dupont and Merck stocks I had been given decades ago.' 
While 'green' mutual funds exist, Stein noted that many of these funds actually invest in fracking and biofuels, making them 'not much better than the non-green funds.' She continued: 
'I have not yet found the mutual funds that represent my goals of advancing the cause of people, planet and peace. Admittedly I have not spent a lot of time researching elusive ethical investments. I prefer using my time fighting for social, economic and ecological transformation, and recycling capitalist money into the fight to do so.' 
She also wrote that she inherited 'over a half-million dollars' from her parents, and that she's used her investments and capital to 'help build the social and political movements needed for transformative change.' 
Ali's article was designed to distract voters from larger issues of corruption within the Clinton campaign and the Democratic Party, she suggested. She elaborated; 
'He has created an imagined conflict of interest, perhaps to distract from the very real, harmful conflicts of interest in the Clintons' pay-to-play schemes, back-room fundraising, and quarter-million dollar speeches for the predatory banks, health insurance industry, and fossil fuel tycoons, who have directly benefited from Hillary Clinton's policy record as Senator and Secretary of State, as well as from Bill Clinton's actions as President.' 
In October, Forbes staff writer Dan Alexander estimated that Bill and Hillary Clinton were worth about $45 million, though he noted that their tax returns and financial disclosure filings left millions in earnings unaccounted for. In February, CNN reported that the Clintons earned $153 million in speaking fees between 2001 and the spring 2015 launch of Hillary Clinton's latest presidential campaign. 
Under Stein's 'Green New Deal' platform , the United States would transition away from foreign wars and fossil fuels by investing heavily in renewable energy. 
In addition to its ties to Chelsea Clinton, The Daily Beast's editor, Michael Weiss, has been criticized for supporting neoconservative U.S. foreign policy, including military intervention and empire building. In August, Richard Silverstein , writing for alternative media analysis site The Unz Review, noted that Weiss is frequently tapped to advocate for war on TV news programs. He wrote: 
'Weiss, age 36, has been an itinerant freelance journalist and military interventionist gun-for-hire, plying his trade from Washington DC, to London, to the outlying lands of former Russian empire, to the ruins of Syria. 
With his role as CNN commentator and senior editor at the Daily Beast, he is a leading light among a new young generation of neoconservative intellectuals.' 
In April 2015, Stein told MintPress News that the media deliberately marginalizes third-party voices in order to keep voters from being fully informed about all their choices. 
She told Carmen Russell-Sluchansky: 
'It illustrates what they are terrified of. If people learn that they have an option that reflects what they want, they will vote for it. Half the population doesn't vote because they don't like what they see as their options.'
ARTICLE

Videos US Backed Saudi Airstrikes Kill 100 Yemenis In Two Days Saudi Arabia has been coming under growing international criticism for its air war against Yemen, with massive numbers of civilians killed and little sign that the promised improvements to targeting will ever amount to anything. | October 31, 2016 Be Sociable, Share! People gather at the al-Zaydiya security headquarters that was destroyed by Saudi-led airstrikes Saturday, in the Red Sea port city of Hodeida, Yemen, Sunday, Oct. 30, 2016. Security and medical officials say dozens of prisoners and security personnel are feared dead after airstrikes battered two prisons inside the security headquarters. (AP Photo/Abdoo Alkarim Alayashy) 
While the biggest single Saudi airstrike over the weekend in Yemen targeted a prison in Hodeidah, dozens of other strikes were reported over the weekend by villagers around Taiz and in the Maarib Province, with attacks killing at least 27 civilians , and wounding a number of others. 
Most of the casualties were in Taiz, where attacks destroyed several homes and caused a large number of injuries. With hospitals in the area having very limited access to medicine because of the naval blockade, many of those injuries proved fatal. 
The attacks in Maarib and Saada, however, may prove more devastating to the country in the long run, targeting some of the very limited farmland Yemen has, destroying a number of villagers' homes and burning a lot of that farmland. Yemen has to import some 90 percent of its food under normal circumstances, with such imports severely limited by the blockade, and the loss of farmland just adds to food insecurity in the nation. 
Saudi Arabia has been coming under growing international criticism for its air war against Yemen, with massive numbers of civilians killed and little sign that the promised improvements to targeting will ever amount to anything. 
Previous article from Anti-war.com From October 30th: 
Mostly destroyed and no longer usable, the prison in the Yemeni city of Hodeidah held 84 inmates until Saturday, when Saudi Arabian warplanes repeatedly bombed it, killing at least 60 of the people within and wounding dozens of others. 
The exact number of prisoners killed compared to guards is unknown, though prisoners are said to be the vast majority. The prison was leveled in the attack, according to witnesses, and rescue workers are still looking through the rubble, with others believed trapped within. 
Three airstrikes were targeted against the prison, with the first hitting it directly, bringing down the roof, and the follow-up attacks targeting the gates and the administration buildings. The Saudi coalition insisted the attacks were in keeping with targeting procedures, noting the prison was known to have Houthi security forces within. 
It is unclear who the prisoners generally were at the prison, but deliberately attacking a prison will doubtless add to concerns about Saudi Arabia's standards for airstrikes against Yemen, which have killed massive numbers of civilians over the past 19 months. 
This article originally appeared in Anti-War.com Be Sociable, Share!
ARTICLE

Videos Report & Wikileaks Reveal How Facebook, Clinton Loyalists Control Your Newsfeed Censorship by Facebook has become a thorn in the side of nearly anyone with an opinion differing from the narrative touted by the corporate press — for instance, sentiments not praising Hillary Clinton — and now, through both a new report from Reuters and emails published by Wikileaks, we have insight into why certain posts are targeted. | October 31, 2016 Be Sociable, Share! 
Facebook relies on a combination of artificial intelligence and human judgment to remove posts deemed offensive, violent, or otherwise unacceptable to its community standards — but precisely how the ultimate call to take down posts, pages, and groups are made remains unknown. 
And Facebook takedowns, no matter the improvements to the process the social media behemoth claims to make, have been no less controversial or questionable — and those whose posts are censored have little if any recourse to argue their case. 
Recent examples of head-scratchers which led to an international uproar, include Facebook's removal of the iconic Vietnam War photograph of Phan Thị Kim Phúc — who, at just 9-years-old, was captured on film by an Associated Press photographer fleeing the aftermath of an errant napalm attack near a Buddhist pagoda in the village of Trang Bang. 
That photograph helped cement in the collective American mind the horrors of the war, and ultimately fueled the success of the anti-war effort — but Facebook arbitrarily pulled the image for nudity — and proceeded even to ban the page of the Conservative prime minister of Norway for also posting the image. 
Ultimately, the social media company reversed course in that case — but not before also taking down the equally iconic image of civil rights leader Rosa Park's arrest. 
But taking down of the image of Kim Phúc might not have been simply an error of AI, since it had been used as a specific example in training the teams responsible for content removal, two unnamed former Facebook employees told Reuters . 
'Trainers told content-monitoring staffers that the photo violated Facebook policy, despite its historical significance, because it depicted a naked child, in distress, photographed without her consent, the employees told Reuters.' 
In the final decision to reverse that censorship, Facebook head of the community operations division, Justin Osofsky, admitted it had been a 'mistake.' 
According to Reuters , to whom many current and former Facebook employees spoke on condition of anonymity, the process of judging which posts deserve to be remove and which should be allowed will, in certain instances, be left to the discretion of a small cadre of the company's elite executives. 
In addition to Osofsky, Global Policy Chief Monika Bickert; government relations chief, Joel Kaplan; vice president for public policy and communications, Elliot Schrage; and Facebook Chief Operating Officer Sheryl Sandberg make the final call on censorship and appeals. 
'All five studied at Harvard, and four of them have both undergraduate and graduate degrees from the elite institution. All but Sandberg hold law degrees. Three of the executives have longstanding personal ties to Sandberg,' the outlet notes. Chief Executive Mark Zuckerberg also occasionally offers guidance in difficult decisions. But there are others. 
Company spokeswoman Christine Chen explained, 'Facebook has a broad, diverse and global network involved in content policy and enforcement, with different managers and senior executives being pulled in depending on the region and the issue at hand.' 
For those on the receiving end of what could only be described as lopsided and inexplicable censorship, recourse is generally limited and can be nearly impossible to come by. Often, the nature of posts and pages removed insinuates political motivations on the part of the censors. 
Indeed, and once again flaring international controversy, Facebook disabled , among others, the accounts of editors of Quds and Shehab New Agency — prominent Palestinian media organizations — without explanation or even a specific example given for justification. 
Although three of four Palestinian-focused accounts were restored, Facebook refused to comment to either Reuters or the accounts' owners why the decision was reversed, except to say it had been an 'error.' 
In fact, although Chen and other Facebook insiders spoke with Reuters directly about contentious content removal policies and procedures, many details of the processes remain covert and sorely intransparent to the public who is so often forced to cope with the consequences. 
Earlier this year, an exposé by Gizmodo showing Facebook's suppression of conservative outlets via its 'Trending Topics' section appeared to evidence extreme bias in favor of liberal and corporate media mainstays. Alternative media, too, which provides reports counter to the mainstream political and foreign policy paradigm, has often been the subject of controversial take-downs, censorship, and suppressive tactics — either directly by Facebook, or through convoluted algorithms and artificial intelligence bots. 
However, considering Sheryl Sandberg and her loyalists populate the top-level group deciding the fate for content removal complaints, it would appear Wikileaks could provide answers for both post censorship and suppression of outlets not vowing complete fealty to the preferred, left-leaning narrative. 
In a June 4, 2015, email to Clinton campaign chair John Podesta — an enormous cache of whose emails are still being published on a daily basis by Wikileaks — penned by Sandberg in response to condolences on the death of her husband, states , in part, 'And I still want HRC to win badly. I am still here to help as I can. She came over and was magical with my kids.' 
After a wave of post removals and temporary page bans, it appears Facebook has begun to come to its senses for what actually violates community standards — and what might have political worth contrary to the views of its executives. 
Senior members of Facebook's policy team recently posted about the laxing of rules governing community standards, which — though welcome — might only provide temporary relief. Quoted by the Wall Street Journal , they wrote : 
'In the weeks ahead, we're going to begin allowing more items that people find newsworthy, significant, or important to the public interest—even if they might otherwise violate our standards.' 
While the social media giant deems itself a technology, and not news, platform, Facebook is still the bouncing off point for issues of interest for an overwhelming percentage of its users. Although it perhaps has some responsibility in regard to the removal of certain content, putting censorship in the hands of only a few individuals in certain instances is a chilling reminder of the fragility — and grave importance — of free speech. 
This article is free and open source, originally published at The Free Thought Project. Be Sociable, Share!
ARTICLE

Videos Human Rights Watch: Nigerian Officials Raping Women, Girls Displaced By Boko Haram 'It is bad enough that these women and girls are not getting much-needed support for the horrific trauma they suffered at the hands of Boko Haram,' said Mausi Segun, senior Nigeria researcher at Human Rights Watch. 'It is disgraceful and outrageous that people who should protect these women and girls are attacking and abusing them.' | October 31, 2016 Be Sociable, Share! In this photo taken with an iPad on Friday, Jan. 31, 2014, women and children who survived attacks by Boko haram sits outside a compound at St. Paul's Roman Catholic Church, in Wada Chakawa, Yola, Nigeria.. (AP Photo/ Ibrahim Abdulaziz) 
ABUJA – Government officials and other authorities in Nigeria have raped and sexually exploited women and girls displaced by the conflict with Boko Haram. The government is not doing enough to protect displaced women and girls and ensure that they have access to basic rights and services or to sanction the abusers, who include camp leaders, vigilante groups, policemen, and soldiers. 
In late July, 2016, Human Rights Watch documented sexual abuse, including rape and exploitation, of 43 women and girls living in seven internally displaced persons (IDP) camps in Maiduguri, the Borno State capital. The victims had been displaced from several Borno towns and villages, including Abadam, Bama, Baga, Damasak, Dikwa, Gamboru Ngala, Gwoza, Kukawa, and Walassa. In some cases, the victims had arrived in the under-served Maiduguri camps, where their movement is severely restricted after spending months in military screening camps. 
'It is bad enough that these women and girls are not getting much-needed support for the horrific trauma they suffered at the hands of Boko Haram,' said Mausi Segun , senior Nigeria researcher at Human Rights Watch. 'It is disgraceful and outrageous that people who should protect these women and girls are attacking and abusing them.' 
Four of the victims told Human Rights Watch that they were drugged and raped, while 37 were coerced into sex through false marriage promises and material and financial assistance. Many of those coerced into sex said they were abandoned if they became pregnant. They and their children have suffered discrimination, abuse, and stigmatization from other camp residents. Eight of the victims said they were previously abducted by Boko Haram fighters and forced into marriage before they escaped to Maiduguri. 
A situational assessment of IDPs in the northeast in July 2016 by NOI Polls, a Nigerian research organization, reported that 66 percent of 400 displaced people in Adamawa, Borno, and Yobe states said that camp officials sexually abuse the displaced women and girls. 
Women and girls abused by members of the security forces and vigilante groups – civilian self-defense groups working with government forces in their fight against Boko Haram – told Human Rights Watch they feel powerless and fear retaliation if they report the abuse. A 17-year-old girl said that just over a year after she fled the frequent Boko Haram attacks in Dikwa, a town 56 miles west of Maiduguri, a policeman approached her for 'friendship' in the camp, and then he raped her. 
'One day he demanded to have sex with me,' she said. 'I refused but he forced me. It happened just that one time, but soon I realized I was pregnant. When I informed him about my condition, he threatened to shoot and kill me if I told anyone else. So I was too afraid to report him.' 
The Boko Haram conflict has led to more than 10,000 civilian deaths since 2009; the abductions of at least 2,000 people, mostly women and children and large groups of students, including from Chibok and Damasak; the forced recruitment of hundreds of men; and the displacement of about 2.5 million people in northeast Nigeria. 
Women and children queue on September 15, 2016 to enter a nutrition clinic at an informal settlement in the outskirts of Maiduguri, the capital of Borno State, in northeastern Nigeria. © 2016 Getty Images 
Irregular supplies of food, clothing, medicine, and other essentials, along with restricted movement in the IDP camps in Maiduguri, compounds the vulnerability of victims – many of them widowed women and unaccompanied orphaned girls – to rape and sexual exploitation by camp officials, soldiers, police, members of civilian vigilante groups, and other Maiduguri residents. Residents of the Arabic Teachers Village camp, Pompomari, told Human Rights Watch in July that the camp had not received any food or medicines since late May, just before the start of the month-long Muslim fast of Ramadan. 
Restricted movement in the camps is contrary to Principle 14.2 of the United Nations Guiding Principles on Internal Displacement , which provides that internally displaced people have 'the right to move freely in and out of camps and other settlements.' 
In some cases, men used their positions of authority and gifts of desperately needed food or other items to have sex with women. A woman in a Dalori camp said residents get only one meal a day. She said she accepted the advances of a soldier who proposed marriage because she needed help in feeding her four children. He disappeared five months later when she told him she was pregnant. 
Victims of rape and sexual exploitation may be less likely to seek health care, including psychological counselling, due to the shame they feel. Fewer than five of the 43 women and girls interviewed said they had received any formal counseling after they were raped or sexually exploited. A medical health worker in one of the camps, which has 10,000 residents, said that the number of people requiring treatment for HIV and other sexually transmitted infections has risen sharply, from about 200 cases when the camp clinic was established in 2014 to more than 500 in July 2016. The health worker said she believed that many more women could be infected but were ashamed to go to the clinic, and are likely to be suffering in silence without treatment. 
The Borno State Emergency Management Agency (SEMA) has direct responsibility for distributing aid, including food, medicine, clothes, and bedding, as well as managing the camps. Its national counterpart, the National Emergency Management Agency (NEMA), supplies raw food and other materials for internally displaced people to the state agency under a memorandum of understanding. 
Aid workers have warned since early 2016 that displaced women have been forced to exchange sex for basic necessities and that various elements, including members of the security forces in northeast Nigeria, have been subjecting some of them to sexual and gender-based violence. A Rapid Protection Assessment Report published in May by the Borno State Protection Sector Working Group, made up of national and international aid providers, identified sexual exploitation, rape, and other sexual abuse as major concerns in nearly all 13 camps and several local communities hosting displaced people in and around Maiduguri. 
Following his visit to Nigeria in August, the United Nations special rapporteur on the human rights of internally displaced persons, Chaloka Beyani , said Nigeria's government had 'a tendency to downplay the problem of sexual violence and abuse' of internally displaced people. He expressed concern that this tendency 'constitutes a hidden crisis of abuse with fear, stigma and cultural factors as well as impunity for perpetrators leading to under-reporting of abuse to the relevant authorities.' 
Human Rights Watch wrote to several Nigerian authorities in August requesting comment on the research findings. The minister of women affairs and social development, Senator Aisha Jumai Alhassan, promised in a meeting with Human Rights Watch on September 5 to investigate the allegations and then respond. Her response has not yet been received at time of writing. 
'Failure to respond to these widely reported abuses amounts to severe negligence or worse by Nigerian authorities,' Segun said. 'Authorities should provide adequate aid in the camps, ensure freedom of movement for all displaced people, safe and confidential health care for survivors, and punish the abusers.' 
Victims' Accounts 
Movement Restrictions, Food Shortages Fuel Sexual Abuse Most of the victims interviewed lived in camps for displaced people. While victims living at the Arabic Teachers' Village camp said they were allowed to leave the camp for about eight hours daily, victims from other camps said that their movement was severely restricted. The women and girls became victims of rape and sexual exploitation when they accepted offers of friendship or marriage from men in positions of authority. 
Rape A 16-year-old girl who fled a brutal Boko Haram attack on Baga, near the shores of Lake Chad, northern Borno in January 2015, said she was drugged and raped in May 2015 by a vigilante group member in charge of distributing aid in the camp: 
He knew my parents were dead, because he is also from Baga. He would bring me food items like rice and spaghetti so I believed he really wanted to marry me. But he was also asking me for sex. I always told him I was too small [young]. The day he raped me, he offered me a drink in a cup. As soon as I drank it, I slept off. It was in his camp room. 
I knew something was wrong when I woke up. I was in pain, and blood was coming out of my private part. I felt weak and could not walk well. I did not tell anyone because I was afraid. When my menstrual period did not come, I knew I was pregnant and just wanted to die to join my dead mother. I was too ashamed to even go to the clinic for pregnancy care. I am so young! The man ran away from the camp when he heard I delivered a baby six months ago. I just feel sorry for the baby because I have no food or love to give him. I think he might die. 
An 18-year-old girl from Kukawa, a Borno town 112 miles from Maiduguri, the state capital, said that a member of Civilian Joint Task Force – a self-defense vigilante group working with government forces in their fight against Boko Haram – initially gave her privileges, including passes that allowed her to leave the camp, but then raped her: 
The man started with preaching, telling me to be a good Muslim girl and not to join bad groups in the camp. He then sent his mother to propose to me, which convinced me that he was serious. He allowed me to go outside the camp when necessary. When he asked me to visit his newly allocated room in the camp, I didn't see any reason not to go because I felt safe with him. He gave me a bottle of Zobo [locally brewed non-alcoholic drink] and I immediately felt dizzy and slept off. I don't know what happened thereafter but when I woke up he was gone and I was in pain and felt wet between my legs. For three days I could not walk properly. 
Some weeks later I fell very ill, and was told at the hospital that I was pregnant. Then everyone turned away from me: [He] refused to help me, and my step-mother who I lived with in camp pushed me out, saying I was a disgrace. I reported [him] to the police in camp several times but they have not done anything to him because they work together. Whenever I see him, I wish something terrible will happen to him. It is because of him that I have lost everything. I don't even think the baby will last because she is always crying and I can't cope. I pray that God will forgive me for neglecting the baby but I am helpless. 
Sexual Exploitation A 30-year-old woman from Walassa, near Bama, about 43 miles west of Maiduguri, said that she fled into a nearby wooded area after Boko Haram fighters killed her husband and abducted her daughters, ages 12 and 9. She stayed there for three months, hoping to find a way to rescue her daughters, until Nigerian government soldiers arrived in the area and the fighters escaped with their captives: 
A few weeks after soldiers transported us to the camp, near Maiduguri, one of the soldiers guarding us approached me for marriage. He used to bring food and clothes for me and my remaining four children, so I allowed him to have sex with me. He is a Hausa man from Gwoza. That is all I know about him. Two months later he just stopped coming. Then I realized I was pregnant. I feel so angry with him for deceiving me. When he was pretending to woo me he used to provide for me, but as soon as I agreed and we began having sex, his gifts began to reduce until he abandoned me. Now my situation is worse as the pregnancy makes me sick, and I have no one to help me care for my children. 
A woman from Bama living at the same camp said: 
The soldier showed his interest by bringing me food and clothes. He used to wear the green army uniform and carried a gun. I accepted him because I needed help to take care of me and my four children. Feeding in the camp is only once a day so you have to accept any help that comes. We started having sex in my camp tent – my sister who was sharing it with me left – or at night in the open field where soldiers stay in the camp. Five months later when I realized I was pregnant and told him, he stopped coming. I have not seen him since then. I feel so ashamed because my neighbors talk and stare at me. I cry whenever I think about him. I delivered the baby two months ago but he is also suffering – I eat once a day so [am] not producing enough milk to breast feed him well. Things are so bad in the camp, there is not enough water or food. 
An 18-year old girl from Baga said when she met a member of the Civilian Joint Task Force in the camp, she felt she could trust him because he is also from Baga: 
He took me from the camp to a house on Baga Road so we could meet freely. I stayed with him in that house for about one month. Then I fell ill, and went to a clinic. The people at the clinic asked for the person I was living with, and invited him. That was when they told him I was pregnant, and he accepted the pregnancy. But immediately [when] we came out of the clinic he took me to a man to abort the pregnancy. I refused and he said if I would not abort we should separate. Then I moved to the camp. I gave birth almost a year ago but the man has refused to take responsibility. Some months ago he followed the military to catch Boko Haram far from Maiduguri. Even when he visits his two wives in the camp he never asks for me and my baby. I go outside the camp to beg so that we can survive. 
A 25-year-old woman at from Dikwa said that when she fled Boko Haram's attack on the town, she lived with her brother in a rented apartment in Maiduguri. When he was no longer able to feed her and her three children, he took her to the camp where he handed her over to camp elders. One of these elders, a local government employee – who are often financially better off than most displaced people because they receive salaries – proposed marriage and regularly brought her food and money. But the marriage did not materialize, and he began to shun her when she became pregnant. He continued to ignore her when she delivered twins and asked him for money to pay for her midwife. The woman said: 
If I have a gun, I will shoot him. It is because of him that people call me and my babies names. I am so ashamed that I cannot participate in camp activities and keep to myself because of the jeers. 
A 17-year-old girl said that a young man she knew took her home to his grandmother when she arrived Maiduguri from Dikwa in mid-2014: 
He told me he wanted to marry me, and his grandmother referred to me as her grandson's wife. I lived with them, cooking and cleaning the house, until a month later when he disappeared for weeks. The grandmother asked me to leave, promising to come to the wedding… It was a lie. I did not know it but I was already pregnant. Maybe she already saw the pregnancy signs and I was too young to understand. I heard the grandson fled the town because he heard I have given birth. Now I have been left alone to fend for the baby. I don't know if any other member of my family survived the Boko Haram attack on Dikwa. 
Restricted Movement A 32-year-old woman from the Damasak said: 
Life is terrible here in this camp. For the past three days we have not eaten because there is no firewood to cook the food. To make it worse, they will not even allow us to go out to fend for ourselves. Most times you have to beg the camp officials to intervene with the guards before they will give you the pass to go out. Why will you refuse if any of those people ask you for marriage? You have to survive. 
Another camp resident, a 47-year-old mother of eight from Abadam, a northern Borno town, said: 
We used to get food at least twice a day when I first arrived at the camp in 2014. But now, sometimes we get nothing at all. We can't even buy food ourselves because they will not let us go out. My relatives in the town have to plead with camp officials for hours before the officials will agree to let them give us some money or foodstuff from the little they have. 
A 20-year-old widowed mother of one at a camp for displaced people said: 
I have been refusing marriage proposals from the men in camp because I see how they are deceiving others. I am just not sure how long I can remain in this situation. The last time I ate was four days ago when the one cup of maize I was given finished. I am suffering because I have no husband or anyone else to assist me. 
A 16-year-old single mother of one in the same camp said: 
Life is difficult in the camp, hardly enough to eat. There is food but whoever gets it, gets it. We are not allowed to go out to find work or get extra food. Sometimes I go to the kitchen to scrape pots to get something to eat. They distribute tickets, some get tickets and some don't get. If you don't get a ticket you get no food. The IDP elders distribute the tickets, so they distribute amongst themselves, they make sure their families get first. Usually distribution of tickets take place at odd times such as at midnight. 
If you are not married, you hardly get anything that comes in. Women who have husbands insult us: 'If you want to eat in [this camp], you should get married in [the camp] so husbands can get food for you.' 
Military Screening Centers Displaced women from several communities re-captured from Boko Haram by the Nigerian army, including Baga, Bama, and Gwoza, told Human Rights Watch in Maiduguri that the Nigerian military operated screening centers where they interrogated local people to determine how much involvement they had with militants. While some women are screened in a few days, others are interrogated daily for months before being released to a camp. Witnesses said the interviewees were separated by gender, but that male soldiers interrogated everyone. 
A woman who escaped her Boko Haram abductors in Sambisa with her three children while four months pregnant described their reception after an eight-hour trek back to her home town of Bama, then under government control: 
Soldiers were already back in Bama when we arrived. They took us to a primary healthcare center near the entrance into Bama to search and question us. We thought they would soon let us go, but they locked us with other women (about 20 people) for more than three months. They bring us out one by one every day to ask whether we joined Boko Haram freely or they forced us. Many of us were naked or in rags until about one month later soldiers took us to town to search for clothes among the burnt ruins of houses in the town. I was very ill because of the pregnancy. After the third month passed they drove us in lorries to Maiduguri, and dropped off sick ones like me in the hospital. 
A 20-year-old woman who was abducted in Gwoza by Boko Haram, and then escaped, said: 
I was three months pregnant from the Boko Haram fighter that raped me when I escaped Gwoza with my three children. Our relief on arriving at Maiduguri after a two-day trek was crushed when soldiers arrested us. They took us to Giwa barracks, where we saw up to 300 other women and children. Soldiers used to question us every day until my children and I were released four months later. 
There appears to be at least one other screening center around Maiduguri, Human Rights Watch found. A 17-year-old girl from Dikwa was held in a place she described as 'a compound with about five buildings just before you enter Maiduguri proper.' She was allowed to receive visitors for the month she was there before being cleared by the military to enter Maiduguri. 
Lack of Mental Health Support for Victims Many of the women and girls interviewed said that their experiences affected their psychological well-being. Some said they had difficulty sleeping, and deliberately isolated themselves to avoid insults and slurs. Many also said they felt constantly angry with their abusers, wishing they could harm them in retaliation. None said they had professional counselling. 
A 30-year-old woman from Gwoza said: 
I feel sad all the time. I am always thinking about all the bad things that have happened to me. Sometimes I cry; at other times I try to resign to my fate. But it is hard. My neighbors in the camp encourage me to pray. That is all I can do, pray. 
A 16-year-old rape survivor said she was always thinking about death, and wished she had the courage to kill herself: 
Nobody comes to this camp to talk to us. We IDPs only have one another, but even that is hard because you do not know who to trust. If you tell them your secret pain or shame, they can use it to mock you later. 
A 28-year-old woman who survived rape and became pregnant by a Boko Haram insurgent said she developed hypertension from constantly thinking about her ordeal and imagining ways she could take revenge on him. Doctors have told her during hospital visits outside the camp to stop thinking about the past so she can get better. She was not referred to a counselor. 
This report was released by Human Rights Watch. Be Sociable, Share!
ARTICLE

Videos Wikileaks: CNN's Donna Brazile Shared More Debate Questions With Hillary Clinton We can't imagine that Bernie supporters are very happy that this is the person chosen to takeover the leadership position at the DNC after Schultz was pushed out for showing favoritism toward the Clinton campaign. | October 31, 2016 Be Sociable, Share! Democratic National Committee Chair Donna Brazile speaks during the second day of the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia , Tuesday, July 26, 2016. 
Over the past several weeks DNC Chair Donna Brazile has been pummeled in the media after Podesta's emails revealed that she provided a debate question to Hillary in advance of a March 13, 2016 debate with Bernie Sanders. 
Now, the latest WikiLeaks dump reveals that it wasn't just a one-off thing. The following email from Brazile, sent one day prior to a March 6th debate with Bernie, shows yet another occasion of her providing an advanced peak at debate questions to the Hillary campaign. We can't imagine that Bernie supporters are very happy that this is the person chosen to takeover the leadership position at the DNC after Schultz was pushed out for showing favoritism toward the Clinton campaign. 
And, sure enough, according to the following transcript from the New York Times , Hillary was well prepared for a question from Lee-Anne Walters about lead poisoning…she even had a handy stat about 500k children having 'lead in their bodies'….but those are just stats that most people have on the top of their minds. 
COOPER: I want to go to Lee-Anne Walters. This is Lee-Anne Walters. She was one of the first people to report problems with the water in Flint. One of her twin boys stopped growing. Her daughter lost her hair. 

She says she's undecided, and has a question for both of you to answer, but we'll start with Senator Sanders. Ms. Walters? 

QUESTION: A fter my family, the city of Flint and the children in D.C. were poisoned by lead , will you make a personal promise to me right now that, as president, in your first 100 days in office, you will make it a requirement that all public water systems must remove all lead service lines throughout the entire United States, and notification made to the — the citizens that have said service lines. 
SANDERS: I will make a personal promise to you that the EPA and the EPA director that I appoint will make sure that every water system in the United States of America is tested, and that the people of those communities know the quality of the water that they are drinking, and that we are gonna have a plan to rebuild water systems in this country that are unsafe for drinking. COOPER: Let me just point out for accuracy's sake, there is 10 million lead service pipes delivering water to people all across this country tonight. Secretary Clinton? 
CLINTON: Well, I agree completely. I want to go further though. I want us to have an absolute commitment to getting rid of lead wherever it is because it's not only in water systems, it's also in soil, and it's in lead paint that is found mostly in older homes. That's why 500,000 children today have lead — lead in their bodies. 
So, I want to do exactly what you said. We will commit to a priority to change the water systems, and we will commit within five years to remove lead from everywhere. 
We were making progress on this in the 1990's. I worked with then Senator Obama to get more money, more support to do more to remove lead. 
And then there is also this follow-up to a previous email in which Brazile promises even more debate questions. 

Donna Brazile was noticeably uncomfortable for every second of the following 10-minute interview with Megyn Kelly of Fox News. Kelly pushed hard on the recent Project Veritas undercover videos showing DNC operatives plotting to incite violence at Trump rallies and commit massive voter fraud and over Brazile's leaked email showing that she provided a CNN debate question to Hillary ahead of a March 2016 debate with Bernie. Brazile tried every trick in the book to deflect and pivot but Kelly held her feet to the fire. 
Brazile's response on the Project Veritas videos were mostly nonsensical though she did summon the typical democrat argument that O'Keefe is a criminal and has a history of doctoring videos. But the real fireworks came when she was pressed on her leaked email revealing that she shared a debate question with Hillary in advance of a debate. 
' I did not receive any questions from CNN , let's just be very clear.' 
'First of all what information are you providing to me that will let me see what you are talking about?' 
' As a Christian woman I understand persecution, but I will not sit here and be persecuted because your information is totally false. ' 
'Podesta's emails were stolen. You're like the thief that wants to bring into the night what you found in the gutter. ' 
' I am not going to try to validate falsified information. I have my documents, I have my files. 
Because Donna seems to be afflicted with the same disease that haunted Hillary during her tenure as Secretary of State, an awful condition the causes the host to 'not recall' significant life events, below is a refresher of the email in question. 
And here is a similar interview by Jordan Chariton of The Young Turks : 
Yeah, but Russia. 
This article originally appeared on ZeroHedge.com . Be Sociable, Share!
ARTICLE

Videos Poll: 50% of Russians fear US-Syria-Russia standoff could spark WW3 Just over half – 52 percent – of Russians said they approve of their country's involvement in the Syrian conflict and 26 percent said they had a negative or sharply negative attitude to this. Be Sociable, Share! 
Almost half of all respondents in a recent Russian opinion poll said they feared that the aggravation of relations between Russia and the West caused by the ongoing crisis in Syria could develop into a global military conflict. 
The share of those who see the probability of World War Three in the near future as high or very high is now at 48 percent and those who appraise it as low or very low comprise 42 percent of society, the privately-owned public opinion research center Levada reported on Monday. The remaining 10 percent of respondents said they couldn't give a simple answer to the question. 
When researchers asked citizens if they considered it possible that Russia and the West would eventually find a mutually acceptable solution to the crisis, 35 percent answered that this scenario was likely or very likely. Thirty-nine percent evaluate the probability of such an outcome as low or very low and 26 percent said that they couldn't answer the question. 
Just over half – 52 percent – of Russians said they approve of their country's involvement in the Syrian conflict and 26 percent said they had a negative or sharply negative attitude to this. Just under a quarter – 23 percent – couldn't answer the question about their personal view on the subject. Those who thought that Russia should continue the operation and those who thought that airstrikes should be stopped were divided 49 percent against 28 percent respectively, with 24 percent finding the question too difficult to answer. 
The level of awareness about the situation in Syria and the Russian Air Force operation against Islamic State (IS, formerly ISIS/ISIL) terrorists there remained fairly high. Eighteen percent said they were very closely following developments in Syria and 64 percent revealed partial familiarity with the issue. Just under a fifth – 17 percent – said that they were not interested in news about Syria. 
A similar poll conducted a year ago by the independent Levada Center showed that over 70 percent of Russian citizens supported the air operations against IS terrorists in Syria, and almost a half of them agreed that it was right for Russia to support the government of Syria's democratically-elected President Bashar Assad. 
A different poll conducted earlier this month by the state-run research center VTSIOM showed that 73 percent of Russians believed that Western criticism of the air force's counter-terrorism operation in Aleppo, Syria, was ungrounded and prejudiced. Only 6 percent said the allegations of wrongdoing on the part of the Russian military have some basis in reality. 
Russia first deployed an air force contingent in Syria in 2015, after receiving a request for military help from the Syrian government, which is currently battling Islamic State and affiliated groups. Russian war planes began launching airstrikes on terrorists in Syria on September 30, 2015. Their work has aided the Syrian military in achieving considerable success in driving jihadist forces out of the country. 
This article originally appeared on RT.com Be Sociable, Share!
ARTICLE

Videos UN Expert: Israel Has Entrenched 'Colonial-Style Regime' In West Bank 'The diminished geographic territory available to Palestinians is directly linked to Israel's extensive and expanding settlement project, including its network of highways, adjacent lands and extensive military-security apparatus.' | November 1, 2016 Be Sociable, Share! Israeli soldiers check the IDs of Palestinians near an Israeli checkpoint near Nablus, in the Israeli occupied West Bank, Tuesday, June 3, 2014. 
A United Nations human rights expert has slammed 'Israel's entrenchment of a colonial-like regime in the Occupied Palestinian Territory', citing 'two separate and unequal systems' with respect to laws, road network, justice system, access to water, freedom of movement, civil rights, and more. 
Michael Lynk , the UN Special Rapporteur on the situation of human rights in the Palestinian territories occupied since 1967, made the remarks in his new report, presented to the UN General Assembly in New York on Friday. 
Lynk described the Palestinian economy as 'without parallel in the modern world.' 
'No other society in the world faces such an array of cumulative challenges that includes belligerent occupation, territorial discontinuity, political and administrative divergence, geographic confinement and economic disconnectedness', he said. 
The official highlighted a number of Israeli violations of human rights, including administrative detention: 'The numbers are staggering', Lynk wrote, 'and are suggestive of an overarching policy that aims to intimidate and significantly restrict the freedoms of Palestinians.' 
Lynk also referred to the Israeli government's use of punitive home demolitions, which he noted was used on 11 occasions in 2015, displacing 85, while as of July 2016, there had already been 16 demolitions, displacing 92 people. 
'Punitive demolitions, the purpose of which is to harm the family members of someone suspected of a crime, are in clear violation of the basic tenets of international law.' 
Taking a look at the big picture, Lynk described 'separate and unequal development in the West Bank, and particularly in Area C,' leading 'to the creation of two starkly different legal, economic and political universes within one territory.' 
Israeli settlers enjoy 'a vastly superior system of laws, roads, judicial systems, personal mobility, security, economic opportunities, civil and political rights and living standards than the West Bank Palestinians among whom they live.' 
With the 50th anniversary approaching, Lynk said the 'the duration of the occupation has lasted well beyond any reasonable length for any Occupying Power acting in good faith.' 
'The diminished geographic territory available to Palestinians is directly linked to Israel's extensive and expanding settlement project, including its network of highways, adjacent lands and extensive military-security apparatus.' 
Indeed, he continued, 'without Israel's settlement project, there would be no rationale for the continuing occupation.' 
The Special Rapporteur was unable to visit the OPT due to Israeli non-cooperation, and he pointed out 'the duty of Member States to cooperate with the UN human rights mechanisms as a fundamental obligation.' Lynk met with civil society groups and relevant organisations in Amman. 
The full report can be read here . 
This work by Middle East Monitor is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International License . If the image(s) bear our credit, this license also applies to them. Be Sociable, Share!
ARTICLE

| November 1, 2016 Be Sociable, Share! Russian army soldiers drive their tanks along the Red Square during a general rehearsal for the Victory Day military parade. 
The first time a top British spy has ever given a newspaper interview, MI5 chief Andrew Parker has spoken with the Guardian , playing up the 'growing threat' posed by Russia against British interests around the world. 
Parker claimed a 'whole range of state organs and powers' in Russia are being brought to bear against Britain and the US, claiming that the advent of cyberwarfare has increased the number of ways in which Russia can move against them. 
Parker went on to claim that Russia defines itself by opposition to the West and, despite being a 'covert threat for decades' has been increasingly hostile, citing their operations in Ukraine and Syria as proof that they are acting to just spite the West. 
This has been a common western talking point, but in practice Western (read: US) policy in both Ukraine and Syria appears to have itself been built with an eye toward being on the opposite side from Russia in the first place, and Russia is then condemned for acting in their own interests. 
This was particularly glaring in Syria, where Russia's interest was obviously in the survival of a friendly Syrian government to host their naval base, and where 'countering' Russia has brought the US 'anti-ISIS coalition' into increasingly overt support for al-Qaeda's Nusra Front, simply because they're the ones most directly fighting against Russia.
ARTICLE

Videos New Lawsuit Challenges Efforts To Stamp Out African-American Vote In NC North Carolina is 'ground zero in the intentional, surgical efforts by Republicans to suppress the voice of voters' | November 1, 2016 Be Sociable, Share! President Barack Obama casts his ballot during early voting at the Martin Luther King Jr. Community Center in Chicago, Ill., Oct. 25, 2012. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza) 
With just over a week to go before Election Day , the North Carolina NAACP on Monday filed a lawsuit to stop what it describes as a Republican-led effort to snuff out the African-American vote. 
'This is our Selma and we will not back down and allow this suppression to continue,' said Rev. William Barber II, president of the organization. 
According to the civil rights organization, wrongful challenges to voters' eligibility are happening in at least three counties—Beaufort, Moore, and Cumberland—and are disproportionately affecting African Americans. 
The suit (pdf) states that 'a small number of individuals have recently challenged the registration of approximately 4,500 voters, based exclusively on mass mailings that were returned as undeliverable.' A press statement from the group says the challenges stem from 'a coordinated campaign led by individuals with GOP ties.' Registration cancellations based on that alone is in violation of the National Voting Registration Act, the group says. 
The complaint, filed Monday in federal court in the Middle District of North Carolina, states, 'in many cases, voters purged by Defendants still reside at the addresses where they are registered to vote, or have moved within the county and remain eligible to vote there.' 
The suit is asking for the wrongfully canceled voting registrations to be restored. 
Among the plaintiffs is James Edward Arthur Sr., who's lived in Beaufort County his entire life. He is African American and has been a registered voter for five years. He was among the over 130 voters in that county to have his registration cancelled based on the challenge of an undeliverable mass mailing—even though he moved within the county. 
'I did not receive notice from the State or Beaufort County that my voter registration had been challenged, or that a hearing had been set to determine whether I would remain on the State's list of eligible voters,' he said, referring to the procedure that election officials must follow when a challenge has been made. 
'If I knew my right to vote was in jeopardy, I would do whatever I could to protect it. I want and plan to vote in the upcoming election, but I am concerned that since my registration has been canceled I will not be able to cast a ballot or it will not be counted,' he added. 
Another plaintiff is James L. Cox, also African American and another lifelong resident of Beaufort County. His voting eligibility was also part of the en masse challenges—even though he currently resides at the address on his voting records. 
The suit—filed months after a federal appeals court said the state's voter ID law was created 'with discriminatory intent'—says that though African Americans make up less than 26 percent of the county's residents, they account for over 65 percent of the challenges. 
'The Tar Heel state is ground zero in the intentional, surgical efforts by Republicans to suppress the voice of voters,' Barber added. 'We're taking this emergency step to make sure not a single voters' voice is unlawfully taken away.' 
The suit also comes as voters in the state take part in 'the Souls to the Polls' initiative . 
Montica Taulmidge, a former organizer in Raleigh, told CBS it's 'an opportunity for people to come with their congregations right after church and to vote as a community of faith.' 
'Our communities of faith are super important to us so being a part of a church family,' she said, 'and saying we are going to be civically minded, we are going to be civically active and engage in this process, is a huge deal for a lot of people.' This work by Common Dreams is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike International License.
ARTICLE

Videos Malala Announced That She Plans To Become Prime Minister Of Pakistan At a conference this month in the United Arab Emirates, Malala announced that she intends to one day be the prime minister of Pakistan. | November 1, 2016 Be Sociable, Share! Malala Yousafzai gestures as she speaks to an audience during a discussion of her book, 'I am Malala' hosted by the John F. Kennedy Library and held at Boston College High School Saturday, Oct. 12, 2013, in Dorchester, Mass. (AP Photo/Jessica Rinaldi) 
Malala Yousufzai is a remarkable young woman who has made headlines and is known globally for the brave work she does in Pakistan, her home country. Her fight for the right for everyone to have a proper education, especially women, has put her life at risk many times and she even survived an assassination attempt where she was shot in the head. 
When she was just 17, she won the Nobel Peace Prize and her book, I Am Malala, is a national bestseller. Now, at the age of 19, she is still working harder than ever to improve education in both Pakistan and other countries worldwide. One of her most recent moves was opening a school for refugee girls aged 14-18 in Lebanon, on the border of Syria. 
At a conference this month in the United Arab Emirates, Malala announced that she intends to one day be the prime minister of Pakistan. She said that when she grew up, women were really only allowed to be doctors, teachers, and housewives. However, her education and activism has helped her see the world and her place in it different. 'When I saw women role models, it broadened my vision. I saw Benazir Bhutto as a woman leader [who was] twice the prime minister of Pakistan. I heard about women athletes, women astronauts, women artists, women entrepreneurs … It allowed me to recognize the potential that I had, and that I can have as a woman, to achieve anything in my life,' she said. 'My dream changed from becoming a doctor to becoming the prime minister of Pakistan.' It may seem prestigious to be a doctor as a female in Pakistan, which it certainly is, the job does come with strings attached. Though the huge majority of medical students are female, only 23 percent of registered doctors are women. This is because being a doctor or even in medical school is a big selling point for marriage proposals, so the majority of women wind up getting married and not working as doctors. The ratio of medical students and their propensity for excelling more than their male counterparts is likely culturally-driven as well. One fifth-year medical student gave his opinion on the issue: 'Boys go out, hang out with their friends,' he said. 'Girls can't go out as much, so they stay at home and rote-learn.' Malala can truly do anything she sets her mind to, whether it be going to medical school, becoming prime minister , or continuing with her activist efforts. This young woman has so far stunned the world into listening what she has to say as she raises awareness about what a lack of education can do to women in hers and other countries. Education for girls is necessary to improve the world and the quality of life for people everywhere, and Malala will not rest until significant changes are made to include girls in school. This work by True Activist is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike International License.
ARTICLE

Videos UN Investigating Human Rights Abuses At Dakota Oil Pipeline Protest The UN's advisory forum has been collecting testimonies from Dakota Access pipeline protesters and plans to issue a report and possible recommendations once the inquiry is complete. | November 1, 2016 Be Sociable, Share! Dakota Access pipeline protesters face off with police who are trying to force them from a camp on land in the path of pipeline construction on Thursday, Oct. 27, 2016, near Cannon Ball, N.D. 
MOSCOW – The United Nations Permanent Forum on Indigenous Issues (UNPFII) is investigating allegations of human rights abuses committed by North Dakota law enforcement officers against Native Americans protesting the Dakota Access pipeline construction, media reported Tuesday. 
The UN's advisory forum has been collecting testimonies from Dakota Access pipeline protesters and plans to issue a report and possible recommendations once the inquiry is complete, The Guardian reported. 
The forum previously urged authorities to allow the Sioux tribe to have a say in the pipeline project. 
Last Thursday, police used pepper spray and beanbag rounds of ammunition to disperse protesters from land owned by the pipeline company. Law enforcement officers from seven states were dispatched to help the local sheriff's office and members of North Dakota's National Guard. 
The planned $3.7 billion Dakota Access Pipeline will transport domestically-produced light crude oil from North Dakota through the states of South Dakota and Iowa into Illinois. Earlier in October, US environmentalists joined Native Americans in protesting the project, which is being constructed near the Standing Rock Sioux Reservation. 
The tribe claims it violates their sacred places, including burial grounds, and will affect their water sources.
ARTICLE

Videos Hackers Dump More Intel From NSA's Elite Equation Group The new leak purportedly reveals IP addresses of NSA controlled servers in 49 countries that are used to launch offensives against NSA targets. | November 1, 2016 Be Sociable, Share! This June 6, 2013 file photo shows the sign outside the National Security Agency (NSA) campus in Fort Meade, Md. 
In August, anonymous hacker(s) dumped a cache of cyberweapons that appeared to originate with The Equation Group , an elite, NSA-affiliated hacking squad. 
The leakers called themselves The Shadow Brokers, and they sought bTc1,000,000 for access to the remainder of The Equation Group's files. Earlier this month, arrested NSA contractor Harold Thomas Martin was accused of being the source of the leak to The Shadow Brokers, though not necessarily deliberately (he may have been hacked by The Shadow Brokers). 
The Shadow Brokers have had no takers for their auction, and so they're now dumping more files, presumably to stir up interest. 
The new leak purportedly reveals IP addresses of NSA controlled servers in 49 countries that are used to launch offensives against NSA targets. If the leaks are to be believed, they show that the NSA uses hacked servers in China and Russia to attack other countries. The dump contains some 300 folders of files, all corresponding to different domains and IP addresses. Domains from Russia, China, India, Sweden, and many other countries are included. According to an analysis by the security researcher known as Hacker Fantastic, the dump contains 306 domains and 352 IP addresses relating to 49 countries in total. If accurate, victims of the Equation Group may be able to use these files to determine if they were potentially targeted by the NSA-linked unit. The IP addresses may relate to servers the NSA has compromised and then used to deliver exploits, according to security researcher Mustafa Al-Bassam. 'So even the NSA hacks machines from compromised servers in China and Russia. This is why attribution is hard,' Al-Bassam tweeted on Monday. This work by Boing Boing is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike International License.
ARTICLE

Be Sociable, Share! Rasmea Odeh smiles after leaving federal court in Detroit Thursday, March 12, 2015. 
DETROIT — A federal hearing on Nov. 29 could determine whether the details of Israel's torture of Palestinian prisoners will be aired in an American courtroom. 
Rasmea Odeh, a 69-year-old leader of Chicago's Palestinian-American community, is appealing her 2014 conviction on charges of unlawful procurement of naturalization. 
If her conviction is upheld, she faces the loss of her U.S. citizenship and 18 months in a federal prison, followed by deportation. 
Prosecutors charge that Odeh, associate director of the Arab American Action Network, failed to disclose her 1970 conviction by an Israeli military military court when applying for U.S. citizenship. 
Her supporters say Odeh's Israeli military prosecutors used a confession obtained through torture, and that her resulting post-traumatic stress disorder caused her to avoid the memory of her interrogation and omit the experience from her application form. 
'When the appellate court ruled in Rasmea's favor back in February of this year, the defense committee declared an important victory, because that decision essentially stated that Judge Gershwin Drain wrongfully barred Dr. Fabri from testifying at the trial,' Hatem Abudayyeh, a U.S. Palestinian Community Network national coordinating committee member and spokesperson for the Rasmea Defense Committee, told MintPress News. 
In February, the 6th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that District Judge Gershwin Drain had erroneously excluded expert testimony by Dr. Mary Fabri, an authority on torture and former clinical psychologist at the Kovler Center for the Treatment of Survivors of Torture, from Odeh's initial trial, while accepting at face value the confession used by Israeli military prosecutors in 1969. 
On Nov. 29, a Daubert hearing, held to determine the admissibility of expert testimony, will consider the validity of Fabri's diagnosis for Odeh's defense, Abudayyeh said. 
'Fabri's testimony will be all about Rasmea's PTSD and the torture she survived, so if the conclusion of the Daubert hearing is that her testimony is admissible, then we suspect that the torture (and the rest of Israel's crimes against Rasmea) will make it into a new trial.' 
'So that they would leave my father alone' 
In 1969, when Odeh was 21 years old, she was captured by Israeli soldiers during a nighttime raid on her Ramallah home, one of over 500 mostly young Palestinians swept up by occupying forces in the aftermath of the deadly bombing of a Jerusalem supermarket. 
The following year, an Israeli military court convicted Odeh of the bombing, as well as a subsequent blast at the British consulate in Jerusalem. 
In the meantime, she and her supporters say, Odeh had experienced the worst torture tactics Israeli prisons have to offer. 
'They beat me with sticks, plastic sticks, and with a metal bar,' Odeh told a United Nations committee in Geneva after her release in a 1979 prisoner exchange between Israel and the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine – General Command. 
'They beat me on the head and I fainted as a result of these beatings. They woke me up several times by throwing cold water in my face and then started all over again.' 
Her interrogators' torture focused on sexual violence and humiliation. They 'tried to introduce a stick to break my maidenhead,' Odeh said, and 'tied my legs, which were spread-eagled, and they started to beat me with their hands and also with cudgels.' 
At another point, she said, they 'tore my clothes off me while my hands were still tied behind my back. They threw me to the ground completely naked and the room was full of a dozen or so interrogators and soldiers who looked at me and laughed sarcastically as if they were looking at a comedy or a film. Obviously they started touching my body.' 
But it took the detention of her father, a U.S. citizen, to compel the confession which would lead to her conviction. After 'they brought in my father and tried to force him under blows to take off his clothes and have sexual relations with me,' Odeh said, she feared he 'might lose his life from one moment to the next' and decided 'to make the confession that they wanted, so that they would leave my father alone.' 
After 45 days, Odeh said, she told her interrogators what they wanted to hear. Taking her to the site of the supermarket bombing, they 'asked me to point out where I had put the explosive. Of course, I didn't know the place and I said 'where exactly do you want me to show you where I put this explosive charge?' So they showed me where the explosion had taken place and I actually pointed out that place without being able to give any details of the operation.' 
'Why we believe we will win' Protesters rally for Rasmea Odeh outside federal court in Detroit Thursday, March 12, 2015. 
Drain's admission of Odeh's conviction, while excluding expert testimony on its circumstances, should nullify her conviction and offer grounds for a new trial, her supporters say. 
'It is patently unfair, as we have stated many times, that the judge would allow a 'confession' from a foreign court, especially one that was gained by vicious torture and sexual assault, into the Detroit courthouse,' Abudayyeh said. 
'The fact that he allowed this into evidence without giving Rasmea the opportunity to challenge the 'confession,' or talk about the torture, is the essence of the case, and why we believe we will win once the truth comes out.' 
Meanwhile, Odeh faces hours of intensive examination by a government psychologist, which her defense teams says could subject her to further mental harm . 
'Right now the government is seeking to carry out up to 18 hours of a mental examination by a government expert whose identity they will not disclose to the defense in order to debunk her PTSD claim and accuse her of malingering,' attorney Michael Deutsch, the head of Odeh's defense team, told MintPress. 
Ultimately, he said, the process could result in a new trial which would explore the details of Odeh's torture and its psychological effects. 
'If the expert's testimony is deemed admissible, we will have a new trial in which PTSD will be testified to as well as the specifics of the torture she endured.' 
And that, Abudayyeh said, could further expose Israel's repression of Palestinians while dealing a powerful blow to its support by the U.S. government. 
'We have said repeatedly that this case is also an indictment of Israel,' he said, adding: 'Our mobilizations and organizing around the case have pulled together people from all different sectors and communities to not only defend and support Rasmea, but to expose Israel's torture, occupation, colonization, and apartheid policies. A victory in this case for Rasmea will be a huge victory for Palestine and Palestine liberation as well.' Be Sociable, Share!
ARTICLE

Videos 1,000 Children Face Uncertain Future In Destroyed Calais Jungle Volunteer refugee aid organizations report that children being housed in a shipping container park have inadequate access to food and water. | November 1, 2016 Be Sociable, Share! A migrant stands next to his tent burnt in the makeshift migrant camp known as 'the jungle' near Calais, northern France, Wednesday, Oct. 26, 2016. As French authorities finished demolishing Monday the embattled Calais refugee camp, known as the 'Jungle,' the fate of over 1,000 children reportedly living in dismal conditions in shipping containers in the cleared camp remained unclear, while thousands of others have been forced into precarious living in the streets of Paris. 
French officials have said that the camp will be completely razed by Monday evening, according to AFP. The infamously-nicknamed 'Jungle' previously housed some 6,000 refugees and migrants from Syria, Iraq, Afghanistan, Somalia and other war-ravaged countries. 
But while authorities tear down the remaining make-shift shelters, it remains unclear what will happen to the more than 1,000 children that volunteer aid organizations claim are still living in the camp in shipping containers without access to proper food and water. 
'Once again it seems there were only volunteers on hand to look after the 1,500 residents of the shipping container camp most of whom are minors,' the organization Help Refugees wrote on Facebook Sunday. 'Water and food seem not to have been provided by the state. Children have no idea what is happening to them and volunteers equally don't know what to say and themselves are not allowed into the containers.' 
French authorities have also begun to crack down on other settlements where displaced refugees and migrants have flocked in the face of no formal options. Workers began evicting people Monday by clearing tents and mattresses from Paris' Stalingrad district, where some 2,000 migrants had been seeking refuge under an overhead transit route, AFP reported. Police in riot gear guarded the area. 
Paris Mayor Anne Hidalgo has urged federal authorities to take concrete steps to address the 'dramatic humanitarian and sanitary situation' surging in parts of the city, especially the northeast, the extremity of the city closest to Calais. 
Meanwhile, President Francois Hollande has said that France will 'no longer tolerate' make-shift refugee camps like the Calais Jungle, saying they are 'unbecoming of what a French welcome should be.' 
The children housed in the shipping container park are reportedly awaiting relocation — the details of which remain unclear. Authorities say they will not demolish a church and mosque in the cleared camp as long as children remain housed in the area. 
Hundreds of refugees and migrants are still hoping to be transferred to the United Kingdom. Advocates have called on the U.K. government to restart and speed up the processes of transferring unaccompanied asylum seeking children from the Jungle in particular. 
U.K. authorities claim they are addressing the situation, but refugee advocated fear children are being lied to and placed on buses to be shipping elsewhere in France to uncertain conditions.
ARTICLE

Videos US Calls On Saudi Arabia To End Airstrikes Against Yemen A top Human Rights Watch director noted that the call would've carried a lot more weight if the US wasn't providing the bombs the Saudis are dropping on Yemen in the first place. | November 1, 2016 Be Sociable, Share! A Houthi rebel man holds a US-made cluster bomb fragment after a Saudi-led airstrike in Yemen's capital, Monday, April 20, 2015. (AP Photo/Hani Mohammed) 
After a solid 19 months of endorsing the Saudi war in Yemen, selling the Saudis massive amounts of arms, and refueling Saudi bombers over Yemen's airspace, the Obama Administration today called on the Saudis to halt airstrikes against Yemen, and accept that there is no military solution. 
A top Human Rights Watch director noted that the call would've carried a lot more weight if the US wasn't providing the bombs the Saudis are dropping on Yemen in the first place, though former US officials say its almost certain this won't include any dial back in US arms sales. 
The call likely reflects the UN's peace plan being presented to both sides and immediately rejected by the pro-Saudi officials. Huge civilian death tolls in recent Saudi attacks have added up to make the US a bit more gunshy than usual about supporting the Saudi war publicly. 
At the same time, the US 'opposition' to the air war is slim indeed, with the US Ambassador to the UN, Samantha Power, insisting even in the announcement of their opposition to further strikes that the US supports Saudi Arabia's right to 'self-defense,' which in this case included an outright invasion of a neighboring country. 
The US has insisted Saudi aid is 'under review' since a recent attack on a funeral. That said, there is no sign that any real changes in US policy were made, and the expectation is that, as always, US interest in growing arms exports will win out.
ARTICLE

US Officials, FBI See No Link Between Trump and Russia But The Clinton Campaign Demands FBI Affirm Trump's Russia Ties. Be Sociable, Share! Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump speaks during a campaign rally in Sunrise, Fla. 
With the 2016 election campaign winding down, the Clinton campaign is ratcheting up demands for the FBI to publicly confirm the campaign's allegations that Republican nominee Donald Trump is secretly in league with Russia. Sen. Harry Reid (D – NV) went so far as to claim the FBI has secret 'explosive' evidence of coordination between the Trump campaign and the Russian government that it is withholding. FBI officials familiar with their investigations into the allegations, which the Clinton campaign started publicizing around the Democratic National Convention, say they've turned up nothing to connect Trump and Russia , leading FBI Director James Comey to decide against making any statements to that effect. 
The Clinton campaign has been making the allegations so long that they have taken to claiming 'everyone knows' that they are true, and appears unsettled by the FBI's refusal to sign off on the claims simply because they haven't been able to find real evidence corroborating the story. 
The Trump campaign has repeatedly denied ties to Russia, but that didn't stop Clinton from calling Trump a 'puppet' of Russian President Vladimir Putin during the final presidential debate. The calls have grown since Friday's FBI report to Congress about further Clinton emails being sought. 
With Clinton's main campaign scandal growing in the waning weeks of the deal, some in her campaign have suggested that affirming Trump as secretly in league with the Russians would only be fair. Absent any evidence, however, it appears that won't be happening. 
This article originally appeared on Antiwar.com. Be Sociable, Share!
ARTICLE

Videos US Admits Use of Depleted Uranium in Syria Between the strikes on the two dates, 5,100 rounds of 30mm DU ammunition were used by A-10 Thunderbolt II aircraft. This equates to 1,524kg of DU. CENTCOM said that the ammunition was selected because of the 'nature of the targets'. | November 2, 2016 Be Sociable, Share! Secretary of State John Kerry is threatening to cut off all contacts with Moscow over Syria, unless Russian and Syrian government attacks on Aleppo end. The State Department says Kerry issued the ultimatum in a Wednesday, Sept. 28, 2016, telephone call to Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov. ( ) – The US has finally confirmed that it has fired DU ammunition Syria, after it had earlier stated that the weapons would not be used. US Central Command (CENTCOM) has acknowledged that DU was fired on two dates – the 18 and 23 November 2015. Between the strikes on the two dates, 5,100 rounds of 30mm DU ammunition were used by A-10 Thunderbolt II aircraft. This equates to 1,524kg of DU. CENTCOM said that the ammunition was selected because of the 'nature of the targets'. The news comes as governments are debating a UN General Assembly resolution on DU weapons in New York. And, although DU use has only been admitted on two dates, ICBUW and PAX are concerned that this disclosure could be the sign that DU has, or will, be used more widely in the conflict. In March 2015, and following the deployment of A-10s to the conflict, the US had confirmed to journalists that the aircraft would not be armed with DU, stating: 'U.S. and Coalition aircraft have not been and will not be using depleted uranium munitions in Iraq or Syria during Operation Inherent Resolve.' Justifying the decision, CENTCOM public affairs explained that: 'The ammunition is developed to destroy tanks on a conventional battlefield; Daesh does not possess large numbers of tanks.' CENTCOM confirms DU use IRIN news finally extracted the confirmation that DU had been used from CENTCOM on October 20, and after weeks of denials. The revelations first came to light after an aide to Congresswoman Martha McSally (Rep, AZ) – herself a former A-10 combat pilot – responded to a question from DU activist, and constituent, Jack Cohen-Joppa. However a number of CENTCOM sources initially denied that the information was accurate. Confirming that the data were indeed accurate, a spokesperson for CENTCOM said earlier denials were due to 'an error in reporting down range.' 'Without the chance disclosure from McSally's office, and the dogged pursuit of CENTCOM by IRIN, the US would not have volunteered this data,' said ICBUW Coordinator Doug Weir. 'Sadly this is typical of the poor transparency we have seen from the US and we urge CENTCOM and the Coalition to clarify their policy on DU use in Syria and explain how its use fits with its public claims that the ammunition is solely for use against armoured targets. ' Unclear why DU was used The US regularly states that DU ammunition is specifically used only for engaging armoured targets, in accordance with its own legal guidelines, although evidence from a number of conflicts has shown that these guidelines are commonly ignored. ICBUW had earlier analysed the target information released by CENTCOM for the two dates in question. On neither date did CENTCOM explicitly state that it had launched attacks against armoured vehicles, with the majority of strikes against Islamic State light tactical vehicles, vehicle-borne improvised explosive devices and oil infrastructure. Such targets have been attacked regularly by the US-led Coalition, apparently without resorting to the use of DU. The most unusual strike that ICBUW identified took place on the 18 th November, when the US attacked 283 parked oil tankers , however the A-10's alternative 30mm ammunition type – a high explosive incendiary round – would presumably have been sufficient to destroy tankers laden with oil. Footage released from the strike is indicative of 30mm DU use. Recently published data from the 2003 Iraq War showed that A-10s used more DU against targets that were not tanks or armoured vehicles, questioning the current US justification that DU was needed in Syria. Historic data from the Gulf War also demonstrated that most armoured targets destroyed by A-10s were targeted by Maverick missiles, not DU. What must happen now ICBUW and PAX are calling for urgent clarification from the US authorities on both the incidents and its DU policy for the conflict, and for them to swiftly release detailed and accurate targeting data to ensure that the relevant authorities can conduct clearance and risk awareness efforts and isolate and recover contaminated material. 'Given DU's nature as a toxic and radioactive heavy metal, and concerns previously expressed by Syrian civilians that it might be used, it's deeply worrying that the US chose to use DU again,' said PAX's researcher Wim Zwijnenburg. 'The US should provide all target data and technical assistance to mine-clearance organisations and local authorities to ensure that swift clean-up operations for this low-level radioactive waste is undertaken to prevent Syrian civilians being exposed.' 'Public relations efforts are indicated' The US has long been conscious of the stigmatisation of the use of DU weapons. As far back as 1991 the US military were advised that: '… fielding and combat activities [with DU] present the potential for adverse international reaction .' It was therefore predictable that Russian state media quickly highlighted news that DU had been used in Syria, with Russia's embassies in Paris, Ottawa and London tweeting the news, as Russia sought to draw attention away from its own conduct in the conflict. Russia has its own stocks of DU weapons and consistently abstains on DU resolutions at the UN General Assembly. It seems inevitable that, given the widespread global opposition to the use of the weapons, the Russian and Syrian governments will continue to use the news that DU has been used against the US and its coalition allies. This report prepared by ICBUW Be Sociable, Share!
ARTICLE

Videos Hillary Clinton Aide Advised: 'Dump all those emails' On Private Server 'Not to sound like Lanny, but we are going to have to dump all those emails so better to do so sooner than later,' says the March 2015 message, labeled as from John Podesta to Cheryl Mills and apparently referencing longtime Clinton confidant Lanny Davis. | November 2, 2016 Be Sociable, Share! 
Hillary Clinton 's campaign chairman advised a longtime aide that they were 'going to have to dump all those emails' on the day that a report revealed Clinton's exclusive use of a private email server while secretary of State, according to stolen emails released Tuesday by WikiLeaks. 
'Not to sound like Lanny, but we are going to have to dump all those emails so better to do so sooner than later,' says the March 2015 message, labeled as from John Podesta to Cheryl Mills and apparently referencing longtime Clinton confidant Lanny Davis. 'Think you just got your new nick name,' Mills replied. 
Clinton campaign officials have refused to confirm the authenticity of the emails, which are believed to have been stolen from Podesta's personal account by Russian government hackers. Previously released emails have revealed some advisers were frustrated that Clinton hadn't made information about the server public sooner. 'Why didn't they get this stuff out like 18 months ago? So crazy,' policy adviser Neera Tanden wrote to Podesta that same evening, March 2, 2015. 'Unbelievable,' Podesta replied. Other messages show the Clinton campaign caught unprepared for the New York Times story , published weeks before Clinton launched her bid for the White House. Also on March 2, Podesta asked future campaign manager Robby Mook if he had seen it coming . 'Did you have any idea of the depth of this story?' Podesta asked Mook in an email late on the evening. 'Nope,' Mook responded after 1 a.m. that night. 'We brought up the existence of emails in reserach [sic] this summer but were told that everything was taken care of.' In other messages, Clinton's aides spent hours debating language for Clinton to use defending and eventually apologizing for her actions. This article originally appeared on The Hill. Be Sociable, Share!
ARTICLE

Videos Colin Kaepernick Just Started a Black Panther-Inspired Youth Camp to Teach Kids to Fight Oppression 'We're going to give you knowledge on policing history, what the systems of policing in America were based on, and we're also going to teach you skills to make sure you always make it home safely.' | November 2, 2016 Be Sociable, Share! San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick greets fans after their 31-21 win against the San Diego Chargers during an NFL preseason football game Thursday, Sept. 1, 2016, in San Diego. (AP Photo/Denis Poroy) 
Oakland, CA — After earning both soaring praise and burning ire for sitting out the national anthem, San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick has turned his protest against police brutality into a positive force for change — by opening an education-based camp to empower kids. 
Kaepernick, in other words, wants to teach young people how to be the change — to educate themselves and stay healthy and safe. 
On Saturday, Kaepernick hosted a free youth camp called Know Your Rights — a 'free campaign for youth to raise awareness on higher education, self empowerment, and instruction to properly interact with law enforcement in various scenarios,' the website explains. 
Hundreds of black and Latino children attended the camp, which took place in Oakland, according to the New York Daily News , and the quarterback now plans to expand the program beyond the Bay area. 
'We're here today to fight back and give you all lessons to combat the oppressive issues that our people face on a daily basis. We're here to give you tools to help you succeed,' Kaepernick told attendees, the Daily News reported. 'We're going to give you knowledge on policing history, what the systems of policing in America were based on, and we're also going to teach you skills to make sure you always make it home safely.' 
With relations between police departments and civilians more tense than ever — and an epidemic of police brutality still growing — the camp aims to instill knowledge-based confidence in kids who might otherwise distrust uniformed officers, who often aren't members of the communities they patrol. 
According to the Know Your Rights Camp site, the program's goal is to 'help build a stronger generation of people that will create the change that is much needed in this world.' 
Controversy raged over Kaepernick's bold choice not to stand during the national anthem, as many misunderstood his quiet police brutality protest as a publicity stunt — but details about his plans for the camp evidence quite the contrary. 
'Please don't say anything about it online,' Kaepernick told Daily News reporter Shaun King a few days before Know Your Rights opened. 'I'm not doing this for the press and I don't want it to become a media event so that the kids and the families can feel like this is just for them.' 
Modeled after the original Black Panthers' 10-point plan, the camp taught kids they have the fundamental rights to be free, safe, educated, courageous, loved, and more. 
'It's exciting for me because I see a lot of hope, I see a lot of what is to come,' Kaepernick told The Undefeated . 'And if you look at a lot of movements in past history, it started at a youth level and has built. And that's really where change is created, is when youth come up and they're built in that culture of, 'I know what this means, I know why this is happening and I also know how to help create change now.'' 
According to The Undefeated , kids from all over the San Francisco Bay area attended the camp — including a number of homeless children living in a halfway house — and heard speakers discuss organic nutrition, holistic healing, financial knowledge, higher education, the history of policing, and more. 
Not a single workshop discussed sports. 
Kaepernick also told the youth how he'd recently traced his roots to Ghana and Nigeria — provided kits to trace their ancestry, free of charge. 
Further, the athlete didn't stop with organizing and funding the camp — and making a simple cameo appearance — he interacted with as many of the attendees as he could, visiting the smaller breakout focus sessions as the day progressed. 
'What we've done here today in Oakland, we want to do all over the country, in cities all over this country,' Kaepernick told the Daily News , 'by bringing together local leaders, local activists and local youth, and not only giving them the skills and lessons they need, but we want to show them how much we love and value them.' 
And as Kaepernick told The Undefeated on goals for expanding the camp across the country, 'This might not be something where I personally can create the change that this system needs. But together we can build this and help organize and create the change that we need.' 
This article is free and open source originally appearing on The Free Thought Project. Be Sociable, Share!
ARTICLE

Videos More Than 1 Million 'Check In' On Facebook To Support The Standing Rock Sioux Most of the "visitors" are not actually at the protest camp in North Dakota, where the tribe and its supporters are gathering to oppose the pipeline. The planned route crosses the Missouri River just upstream of the reservation, and the tribe says it could contaminate drinking water and harm sacred lands. | November 2, 2016 Be Sociable, Share! A protesters is arrested by police near the Dakota Access pipeline at a construction site in North Dakota, Oct. 22, 2016. (Photo: YouTube) 
More than 1 million people have 'checked in' on Facebook to the Standing Rock Indian Reservation page , in a show of support for the tribe that has been rallying against construction of the Dakota Access Pipeline. 
Most of the 'visitors' are not actually at the protest camp in North Dakota, where the tribe and its supporters are gathering to oppose the pipeline. The planned route crosses the Missouri River just upstream of the reservation, and the tribe says it could contaminate drinking water and harm sacred lands. Facebook allows people to check in to places even if they are not physically present. 
A broadly circulated rumor on social media over the weekend suggested that local police were using Facebook check-ins to track activists protesting the pipeline. 
Activists then called for supporters of the protest to check-in en masse, in a move designed to confuse police. 
'Water Protectors are calling on EVERYONE to check-in at Standing Rock, ND to overwhelm and confuse them,' one widely shared post said, according to The Guardian . 
It's not clear who started the rumor, but the response was immediate. 'The number of check-ins at the Standing Rock reservation page went from 140,000 to more than 870,000 by Monday afternoon,' the Guardian reports. Now, that number stands at more than 1.5 million. 
However, the Morton County Sheriff's Department said in a Facebook post Monday afternoon that it 'does not follow Facebook check-ins for the protest camp or any location' and called the report 'absolutely false.' 
The demonstration of solidarity from these Facebook users comes days after 'police and National Guard troops arrested more than 140 protesters near a construction site,' Inside Energy's Amy Sisk reported on All Things Considered . On Friday, there were reports of police using pepper spray against protesters they removed from land owned by the pipeline company, as we reported . 
Here's more from our previous coverage: 
'Members of the Standing Rock Sioux tribe and their supporters have been protesting the pipeline since it was approved by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers over the summer . They are specifically trying to block the portion that is slated to run under the Missouri River near the Standing Rock Sioux Reservation.' 
'Earlier this month, the Standing Rock Sioux lost a bid in federal court to halt construction, paving the way for work on the $3.8 billion pipeline to continue, as we've reported . Almost immediately afterward, three U.S. agencies 'announced a halt to work in one area significant to the tribe.''
ARTICLE

As Flint Suffers, Nestlé Plans Dramatic Expansion of Water Privatization in Michigan What's more, the biggest food company in the world gets to pump that water at no cost . Be Sociable, Share! Nestle brand Arrowhead water bottlers. (Screenshot) 
The state of Michigan has reportedly issued preliminary approval for bottled water behemoth Nestlé to nearly triple the amount of groundwater it will pump, to be bottled and sold at its Ice Mountain plant, which lies roughly 120 miles northwest of the beleaguered community of Flint. 
'Nestlé Waters North America is asking the Michigan Department of Environmental Quality (DEQ) for permission to increase allowed pumping from 150 to 400 gallons-per-minute at one of its production wells north of Evart,' MLiv e reported on Monday. 
'The DEQ Water Resources Division conducted a site review and signed-off on the pumping increase in January, but the Office of Drinking Water and Municipal Assistance is approving the permit,' the report continued. The agency is accepting public comment on the proposal (pdf) until Thursday, Nov. 3. 
While Nestlé and other bottled water companies have rankled many communities for privatizing their public water supply, the news particularly stung in Michigan, where citizens have faced a years-long nightmare over lead contamination in their drinking water. Many residents of Flint are still forced to rely on bottled water for cleaning, cooking, and bathing as government delays have hampered efforts to replace the corroded pipes. 
Meanwhile, the report notes that company representatives defended the need to expand the facility because 'U.S. market for bottled water in general is driving the bid for more Michigan groundwater.' 
What's more, Nestlé, the biggest food company in the world, gets to pump that water at no cost. As MLive reports, 'Michigan law allows any private property owner to withdraw from the aquifer under their property for free, subject only to a nominal $200 annual paperwork fee. The interstate Great Lakes compact prohibits water diversions outside of the Great Lakes basin, but a bottling exemption within the law allows water to be sold outside the region if it's shipped in bottles smaller than 5.7 gallons.' 
'The issue is the privatization of a critical resource. How much is too much?' said Jeff Ostahowski, vice president of the Michigan Citizens for Water Conservation, which for years fought against Nestlé's expansion in the state. 
When contacted by MLive for comment, Ostahowski said he wasn't even aware of the new proposal. But as news spread on social media, the outrage was palpable: 
People in Detroit are having their water cut off, and Flint has to pay for poison water but Nestle gets water for free and makes a profit? 
— Wendy Harless (@wendyharless) November 1, 2016 ' Bottled water is the leading growth industry of the beverage market'. Yup – especially here in Flint. Anyone… https://t.co/XsBMl6nnID 
— kristen senters (@kristensenters) November 1, 2016 Where does that bottled water #Flint is STILL using & paying for come from? https://t.co/IeBnRpCWin 
This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 3.0 License . Be Sociable, Share!
ARTICLE

Videos AT&T-Time Warner Merger: Another Media Consolidation That Puts Profits Over Consumers 'The deals are driven by Wall Street's insatiable desire for short-term growth at any cost,' a media analyst at a consumer advocacy NGO wrote, warning about the risks of the deal. | November 2, 2016 Be Sociable, Share! 
MINNEAPOLIS — Media analysts warn that a proposed merger between AT&T and Time Warner is more likely to enhance corporate bottom lines and pad the pockets of Wall Street investors than benefit consumers. 
'Big mergers like this inevitably mean higher prices for real people, to pay down the money borrowed to finance these deals and compensate top executives,' said Matt Wood, policy director at Free Press, an NGO that protects net neutrality and online press freedom, in an Oct. 22 press release . 
The media first reported that AT&T was in 'informal' talks to merge with Time Warner on Oct. 20 . By Oct. 24, AT&T announced that Time Warner had agreed to be bought out by the telecommunications giant for $85.4 billion. 
Currently, Time Warner represents one of a shrinking number of mass media conglomerates that increasingly control the vast majority of news available to Americans. AT&T is one of the world's largest providers of mobile phone and landline services, and, as owner of DirecTV, a major player in the television marketplace as well. 
Corporate executives have promised that the merger could make more content available to consumers , offer new options for mobile viewing , and provide alternatives to traditional cable TV. Representatives of both companies have also tried to mollify concerns that the deal would violate antitrust laws, claiming it represents the 'vertical integration' of two different markets , rather than a merger of competitors. 
Many media experts have expressed concern and skepticism about these claims, particularly in regard to the potential benefits to consumers. Wood suggested AT&T's buyout of DirecTV, which was completed in July 2015 , should serve as a warning about the possible effects of this new, larger merger model. He warned: 
'The deals are driven by Wall Street's insatiable desire for short-term growth at any cost. And just as AT&T's recent purchase of DirecTV was quickly followed by price hikes, there's every reason to expect this potential tie-up would cost internet users and TV viewers dearly too.' 
Kevin Kelleher , a reporter at Time magazine, weighed in on Oct. 24. He wrote that the deal 'makes sense for media executives, less so for consumers,' as it's unclear how bringing content creators and internet service providers together would actually benefit the end user. He continued: 
'For now, concerns over the deal seem to be outweighing the benefits, which could end up being negligible. For decades, the pipes that streamed digital content remained largely independent from the companies that provided the content. And no consumers complained.' 
Meanwhile, several senators have come out in opposition to the proposed merger, citing concerns about the ultimate implications for consumers, the role of Washington's 'revolving door' into the corporate world, and what this buyout could mean for the future of media consolidation. 
On Sunday, Al Franken , a former TV actor and senator representing Minnesota, told The New York Times' media reporter Jim Rutenberg that the merger could increase prices and reduce the number of choices available to consumers. 
'When the company that controls the pipes, so to speak, owns this very, very large content provider, it can cause a whole bunch of different horribles for consumers,' Franken said. 
Elizabeth Warren , a senator from Massachusetts known for her consumer advocacy, objected to Christine Varney's involvement in the deal. Varney, an antitrust lawyer who has been hired to oversee the AT&T and Time Warner merger, previously worked for the Obama administration investigating antitrust claims. On Monday, Warren told Fortune: 
'Americans have had it with regulators like Varney, who talk a good game about holding the bad guys accountable while counting down the days until they can collect a fat paycheck from the corporations they were supposed to regulate. The revolving door is out of control. If we want to hold corporate lawbreakers accountable, we can't ask their friends to do it.' 
Bernie Sanders , the senator from Vermont and former 2016 Democratic presidential candidate, also objected to the deal in an open letter published Wednesday on Medium. In addition to echoing the concerns shared by others like Franken, he warned that the buyout could provoke future media mergers that would further consolidate an already limited market. 
'At a time when our telecommunications and media industries are already too concentrated, we should be focused on opening those markets to more competition, not less,' he wrote. 
In the case that the merger does go through, AT&T's ties to the national security state may also give rise to serious privacy concerns. A day after the AT&T-Time Warner merger was officially announced, Kenneth Lipp, a reporter at The Daily Beast, revealed that AT&T is storing customer information and selling it for profit . That, of course, came more than three years after Edward Snowden leaked classified information which detailed the telecommunications giant's close collaboration with the NSA to spy on millions of Americans. 
'Where you go, what you watch, text and share, with whom you speak, all your internet searches and preferences, all gathered and 'vertically integrated,' sold to police and perhaps, in the future, to any number of AT&T's corporate customers,' Democracy Now! host Amy Goodman and her frequent collaborator, Denis Moynihan, wrote in an editorial published on Thursday . 
'We can't know if Alexander Graham Bell envisioned this brave new digital world when he invented the telephone. But this is the future that is fast approaching, unless people rise up and stop this merger.' Be Sociable, Share!
ARTICLE

Videos Aid Agencies in Iraq Brace for Exodus as Civilians Flee US Mosul Offensive The UN has reported six camps are ready to accept about 50,000 people, and 11 more camps are in the process of being readied. At the same time, the UN has warned that they don't have the funding to support all of these refugees over the long run, and the Mosul battle looks to very much be the long run. | November 3, 2016 Be Sociable, Share! Civilians flee villages outside Mosul the day after Iraqi Kurdish forces launch an operation east of the Islamic State-held city in Iraq on Monday, Aug. 15, 2016. The Kurdish forces known as the Peshmerga say they have retaken 12 villages in the operation in an effort to encircle the city. (AP Photo/Susannah George) 
Aid agencies which have been trying to prepare for the huge influx of displaced persons from the city of Mosul are reporting the first arrivals of civilians who fled the surrounding towns , most arriving on foot, and many with nothing more than the clothing on their backs. 
The agencies are playing up the months of preparation they engaged in, but exactly how they will cope with what could easily be a million new refugees with very little assistance from either the Iraqi government or from the US-led coalition, is still up in the air. 
The UN has reported six camps are ready to accept about 50,000 people, and 11 more camps are in the process of being readied. At the same time, the UN has warned that they don't have the funding to support all of these refugees over the long run, and the Mosul battle looks to very much be the long run. 
Iraq has warned civilians in Mosul against fleeing from the city, a warning that came after the US announced they intend to conduct air strikes against fleeing ISIS fighters. It's unclear how many civilians will be able to 'stay put' as they were ordered, but the expectations of an intense urban battle are likely to drive many to flee while they still can. 
This article originally appeared on Antiwar.com . Be Sociable, Share!
ARTICLE

Be Sociable, Share! Youtube screenshot 
San Diego, CA — James Slatic took every precaution possible to ensure his California medical marijuana business was in full compliance with local, state, and federal laws — and that appropriate taxes and fees, hundreds of thousands each year, were always paid on time. 
But despite conducting business professionally and legally, nearly 30 heavily armed San Diego police and DEA agents broke into and destroyed Med-West Distribution, stole all the legal products inside, confiscated his computers and servers — and proceeded to clean out his entire family's life savings, including the accounts of his high school and college-aged daughters, and his 84-year-old mother's safety deposit box. 
By obstinately refusing to acknowledge Med-West's legal status, law enforcement used highly contentious federal civil asset forfeiture (CAF) law to rob the Slatics of everything they'd earned — including $324,000 in proceeds from the lucrative medical cannabis business, according to the Institute for Justice (IJ). 
'This case is not about crime fighting,' IJ attorney Wesley Hottot, who now represents the Slatics, explained. 'This case is about policing for profit, and it illustrates the abusive power of civil forfeiture at its worst.' 
As countless families and individuals around the country have been shocked to learn, the State can rob you blind, taking everything of value — bank accounts, vehicles, electronics, and even houses, etc. — without proof any crime has been committed. 
James Slatic has never been convicted or charged with any wrongdoing in the matter — but the nightmare of civil asset forfeiture doesn't end with a lack of charges or conviction. In fact, attempting to reclaim property and cash can be a nightmare of red tape, court appearances and legal fees — and, even then, isn't always a successful venture. And like so many others, Slatic had not been familiar with this legal, policing-for-profit scheme prior to his firsthand encounter. 
'I've done nothing wrong,' he told the Institute for Justice. 'It's beyond frustrating that my family's money was taken without any criminal charges being filed. My wife and teenage daughters had nothing to do with my business whatsoever, and the District Attorney took their college savings accounts. This is not just wrong; it is unconstitutional.' 
While he certainly might be right, CAF is federal law — a brief reprieve in January, when the Department of Justice suspended the program, only lasted through early April — because the ability of police to steal people's stuff and either use it or the proceeds from its sale is just too damned profitable. 
Indeed, police and other agencies — particularly the Drug Enforcement Agency — make a killing in this legalized State robbery sham, and many departments have come to rely on CAF profiteering to bolster their funding. 
'Civil forfeiture is one of the greatest threats to property rights in the nation,' said IJ attorney Allison Daniel, also representing the Slatic family. 'Civil forfeiture takes the American principle of innocent until proven guilty and flips it on its head, treating property owners worse than criminals by making them prove their innocence.' 
At 7:30 in the morning on January 28, 2016 — as surveillance cameras outside and inside Med-West captured on video — the San Diego Joint Narcotics Task Force used a sledgehammer to break down the door of Slatic's legal business, and stormed in, pointing automatic weapons at the heads of innocent employees inside. 
Needlessly and recklessly, around 28 officers took everything of value inside, destroying and scattering property in the process. 
As Slatic told IJ, in addition to assets stolen from the business, the greedy cops cleared family bank accounts of over $100,000 — leaving his daughters scrambling to pay for school supplies, like college textbooks, while putting their tuition and fees in jeopardy. 
Annette Slatic, James' wife, who works as a nurse at the Veterans Administration, found out about the raid and financial seizure when she tried to pay for groceries that morning and had her card declined. Then her daughter, Penny, a high-schooler, tried to pay using her ATM card — and was also declined. Without notice, the Slatics suddenly found themselves essentially penniless and unsure how to afford basic needs. 
Now they're fighting to get everything back, since under California law, 'probable cause' a crime has been committed must be established before officers can use civil asset forfeiture to seize property and cash. 
As the Institute for Justice explains, 'Because police and prosecutors ignored Med-West's status as a legal marijuana business, they did not have probable cause to seize the Slatics' money. Even if Med-West had been an illegal operation (and it was not), the Slatics' personal money is not connected to the business.' 
Perhaps the Slatics will have better luck in getting justice than innumerable others who have been unfortunate enough to be victims of legalized robbery. 
Despite massive controversy surrounding the program — and one of its creators now denouncing the policing-for-profit scheme it has become — civil asset forfeiture won't be going anywhere soon. 
While some states have severely curtailed cops' ability to take your stuff, by implementing strictures requiring a conviction and similar limits, others have taken CAF to new levels. Oklahoma Highway Patrol began using a device called an ERAD , which scans bank and prepaid cards — right from a person's wallet — to seize all cash in an individual's account during a traffic stop if an officer even suspects a person of committing a drug-related offense. 
'Three decades ago, I helped create our civil asset forfeiture system,' wrote Brad Cates in an opinion piece for the Wall Street Journal , 'now it's time to end it.' 
This is what it's like to run a legal business, pay taxes, and follow the law in a Police State: 
This is free and open source originally appearing on the Free Thought Project. Be Sociable, Share!
ARTICLE

Videos Hundreds of Armed Police Descend On Water Protectors Trying To Reach DAPL Site Amidst the standoff one peaceful demonstrator said she was telling officers that she "Loved them" when they began shooting her in the face with mace. | November 3, 2016 Be Sociable, Share! 
Police descended on water protectors in North Dakota on Wednesday, as images on social media showed a dramatic standoff along a creek that borders a construction site for the long-opposed Dakota Access Pipeline (DAPL) . 
Jordan Chariton, a political reporter with The Young Turks network, posted this video dispatch after covering events just east of the main camp, where Standing Rock Sioux tribal members and their allies were set upon by law enforcement officers in full military gear: 
Amidst the standoff one peaceful demonstrator said she was telling officers that she 'Loved them' when they began shooting her in the face with mace. 
And filmmaker and journalist Josh Fox, also on the scene, decried the violence by authorities, telling Chariton, 'These people from the North Dakota police force and the United States government has lost legitimacy in every respect today.' 
According to independent media outlet Unicorn Riot , which was also on the ground in the town of Cannon Ball, hundreds of water protectors attempted to cross footbridges built over Cantapeta Creek to reach the DAPL construction area on the other shore, but the police in riot gear reportedly pulled the bridges apart and forcibly kept people from crossing onto the opposite bank. 
One protector said the walkways had been built to help elders reach the construction area to pray for sacred sites. 
The Bismarck Tribune writes that the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, which lays claim to the land along the shoreline, gave Morton County the orders to arrest protesters and break down the bridge. 
According to Grand Forks Herald , law enforcement officers used a boat to pull the bridge apart, and many protectors proceeded to swim across the river. 
People on the ground said women and children were being evacuated from the protest camps, multiple people had already been maced, and police had fired rubber bullets, injuring at least one person. 
Native American tribes and activists from all over the country have been resisting DAPL's construction for months, saying it threatens their access to clean water and violates treaty rights. 
White residue floating on top of water is from the variety of chemical weapons used against #NoDAPL water protectors. pic.twitter.com/HObv9xlPCV 
— Unicorn Riot (@UR_Ninja) November 2, 2016 
Just coverered disturbing standoff bw ND police and protectors-police pepper sprayed, shot rubber bullets @ point blank range #NoDAPl
ARTICLE

Sent: Monday, March 30, 2015 9:58:55 AM To: Amitabh Desai Cc: Jon Davidson; Margaret Steenburg; Jake Sullivan; Dan Schwerin; Huma Abedin; John Podesta Subject: Re: Victor Pinchuk 
Team HRC – we'll get back to you on this 
On Mar 30, 2015, at 9:53 AM, Amitabh Desai <ami@presidentclinton.com> wrote:>> Victor Pinchuk is relentlessly following up (including this morning) about a meeting with WJC in London or anywhere in Europe. Ideally he wants to bring together a few western leaders to show support for Ukraine, with WJC probably their most important participant. If that's not palatable for us, then he'd like a bilat with WJC.>> If it's not next week, that's fine, but he wants a date. I keep saying we have no Europe plans, although we do have those events in London in June. Are folks comfortable offering Victor a private meeting on one of those dates? At this point I get the impression that although I keep saying WJC cares about Ukraine, Pinchuk feels like WJC hasn't taken enough action to demonstrate that, particularly during this existential moment for the county and for him.> > I sense this is so important because Pinchuk is under Putin's heel right now, feeling a great degree of pressure and pain for his many years of nurturing stronger ties with the West. >> I get all the downsides and share the concerns. I am happy to go back and say no. It would just be good to know what WJC (and HRC and you all) would like to do, because this will likely impact the future of this relationship, and slow walking our reply will only reinforce his growing angst. >> Thanks, and sorry for the glum note on a Monday morning… 

RT further reports on the pay-to-play involving Pinchuk and The Clinton Foundation… 
In 2008, Viktor Pinchuk, who made a fortune in the pipe-building business, pledged a five-year, $29-million commitment to the Clinton Global Initiative, a program that works to train future Ukrainian leaders 'to modernize Ukraine.' The Wall Street Journal revealed the donations the fund received from foreigners abroad between 2009-2014 in their report published earlier this week . 
Several alumni of the program have already graduated into the ranks of Ukraine's parliament, while a former Clinton pollster went to work as a lobbyist for Pinchuk at the same time Clinton was working in government. 
Between 2009 and 2013, the very period when Hillary Clinton was serving as US secretary of state, the Clinton Foundation appears to have received at least $8.6 million from the Victor Pinchuk Foundation. 
That places Ukraine as the leading contributor among foreign donators to the Clinton Foundation. 
The Pinchuk foundation said its donations to the Clinton-family organization were designed to make Ukraine 'a successful, free, modern country based on European values.' It went on to remark that if Pinchuk was hoping to lobby the US State Department about Ukraine, 'this cannot be seen as anything but a good thing,' WSJ quoted it as saying. 
However, critics have pointed to some disturbing aspects regarding the donations, including the coincidence of the Ukrainian crisis, which began in November 2013, and the heavy amount of cash donations being made to the Clinton Foundation on behalf of wealthy Ukrainian businessmen. 
This article originally appeared on The Duran. Be Sociable, Share!
ARTICLE

Be Sociable, Share! 

Roughly at the same time that the WSJ reported of what is now a clear 'civil war' between (and within) the FBI and the DOJ, Fox News anchor Bret Baier reported that the FBI's investigation into the Clinton Foundation that has been going on for more than a year has now taken a 'very high priority.' He added that FBI agents have interviewed and re-interviewed multiple people on the foundation case, which is looking into possible pay for play interaction between then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and the Clinton Foundation. 
The FBI's White Collar Crime Division is handling the investigation, which will continue, as 'there is a lot of evidence. And barring some obstruction in some way, they believe they will continue to likely an indictment. ' 
I said sources described an 'avalanche of evidence' in case & barring obstruction they'd likely continue 2 push to try for an indictment' https://t.co/2TjzxdJod1 
— Bret Baier (@BretBaier) November 2, 2016 
The news was cited by various traders as the catalyst that pressured the USD when it come out late on Wednesday. 
'There is an avalanche of new information coming in every day,' one source told Fox News, who added some of the new information is coming from the WikiLeaks documents and new emails. He added that FBI agents are 'actively and aggressively pursuing this case,' and will be going back and interviewing the same people again, some for the third time, sources said. Agents are also going through what Clinton and top aides have said in previous interviews and the FBI 302, documents agents use to report interviews they conduct, to make sure notes line up, according to sources. 
Here are the key highlights from his report, as summarized by Real Clear Politics: The Clinton Foundation investigation is far more expansive than anybody has reported so far and has been going on for more than a year. The laptops of Clinton aides Cherryl Mills and Heather Samuelson have not been destroyed, and agents are currently combing through them. The investigation has interviewed several people twice, and plans to interview some for a third time. Agents have found emails believed to have originated on Hillary Clinton's secret server on Anthony Weiner's laptop. They say the emails are not duplicates and could potentially be classified in nature. Sources within the FBI have told him that an indictment is 'likely' in the case of pay-for-play at the Clinton Foundation, 'barring some obstruction in some way' from the Justice Department. FBI sources say with 99% accuracy that Hillary Clinton's server has been hacked by at least five foreign intelligence agencies, and that information had been taken from it. A transcript of his statement: BRET BAIER: Breaking news tonight — two separate sources with intimate knowledge of the FBI investigations into the Clinton emails and the Clinton Foundation tell Fox the following: The investigation looking into possible pay-for-play interaction between Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and the Foundation has been going on for more than a year. Led by the white collar crime division, public corruption branch of the criminal investigative division of the FBI. The Clinton Foundation investigation is a, quote, 'very high priority.' Agents have interviewed and reinterviewed multiple people about the Foundation case, and even before the WikiLeaks dumps, agents say they have collected a great deal of evidence. Pressed on that, one sources said, quote, 'a lot of it,' and 'there is an avalanche of new information coming every day.' Some of it from WikiLeaks, some of it from new emails. The agents are actively and aggressively pursuing this case. They will be going back to interview the same people again, some for the third time. As a result of the limited immunity deals to top aides, including Cheryl Mills and Heather Samuelson, the Justice Department had tentatively agreed that the FBI would destroy those laptops after a narrow review. We are told definitively that has not happened. Those devices are currently in the FBI field office here in Washington, D.C. and are being exploited. The source points out that any immunity deal is null and void if any subject lied at any point in the investigation. Meantime, the classified e-mail investigation is being run by the National Security division of the FBI. They are currently combing through former Democratic Congressman Anthony Wiener's laptop and have found e-mails that they believe came from Hillary Clinton's server that appear to be new, as in not duplicates. Whether they contain classified material or not is not yet known. It will likely be known soon. All of this just as we move inside one week until election day. 
Baier gave more details to Fox News Channel's Brit Hume: 
BRET BAIER: Here's the deal: We talked to two separate sources with intimate knowledge of the FBI investigations. One: The Clinton Foundation investigation is far more expansive than anybody has reported so far… Several offices separately have been doing their own investigations. 
Two: The immunity deal that Cheryl Mills and Heather Samuelson, two top aides to Hillary Clinton, got from the Justice Department in which it was beleived that the laptops they had, after a narrow review for classified materials, were going to be destroyed. We have been told that those have not been destroyed — they are at the FBI field office here on Washington and are being exploited. . 
Three: The Clinton Foundation investigation is so expansive, they have interviewed and re-interviewed many people. They described the evidence they have as 'a lot of it' and said there is an 'avalanche coming in every day.' WikiLeaks and the new emails. 
They are 'actively and aggressively pursuing this case.' Remember the Foundation case is about accusations of pay-for-play… They are taking the new information and some of them are going back to interview people for the third time. As opposed to what has been written about the Clinton Foundation investigation, it is expansive. 
The classified e-mail investigation is being run by the National Security division of the FBI. They are currently combing through Anthony Weiner's laptop. They are having some success — finding what they believe to be new emaisls, not duplicates, that have been transported through Hillary Clinton's server. 
Finally, we learned there is a confidence from these sources that her server had been hacked. And that it was a 99% accuracy that it had been hacked by at least five foreign intelligence agencies, and that things had been taken from that… 
There has been some angst about Attorney General Loretta Lynch — what she has done or not done. She obviously did not impanel, or go to a grand jury at the beginning . They also have a problem, these sources do, with what President Obama said today and back in October of 2015… 

I pressed again and again on this very issue… The investigations will continue, there is a lot of evidence. And barring some obstruction in some way, they believe they will continue to likely an indictment. 
Will the FBI stun the world and announce yet another probe is being opened into the Clinton foundation, or will the DOJ successfully stifle this and at least push it until after the elections? As we concluded last night, the last few days before the election are shaping up as very interesting. 
This article originally appeared on Zero Hedge. Be Sociable, Share!
ARTICLE

Videos WikiLeaks' Podesta Emails Highlight Strong Ties Between DOJ & Clinton Campaign 'Fantastic lawyer. Kept me out of jail,' wrote John Podesta, Hillary Clinton's campaign chair, in a 2008 email about an assistant attorney general at the Department of Justice who is now overseeing the FBI's investigation of Clinton's emails. | November 3, 2016 Be Sociable, Share! Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton gestures as she gives a speech: 'Frontlines and Frontiers: Making Human Rights a Human Reality,' Thursday, Dec. 6, 2012, at Dublin City University in Dublin, Ireland. (AP Photo/Kevin Lamarque, Pool) 
MINNEAPOLIS — WikiLeaks' archive of emails taken from the Gmail account of Hillary Clinton's campaign chair continue to shed new light on the close relationships between the Democratic Party elite and the U.S. government. 
The latest wave of John Podesta's emails to be published by WikiLeaks has thrust into the spotlight Peter Kadzik, a well-connected Washington attorney who currently serves as an assistant attorney general at the Justice Department's Office of Legislative Affairs. 
'DoJ Assistant Attorney Peter Kadzik outed as a mole for Hillary Clinton campaign,' WikiLeaks tweeted on Wednesday. The tweet highlighted an email Kadzik sent to Podesta on May 19, 2015, warning him of a congressional hearing and updating the team on the State Department's progress in publishing Clinton's emails in response to Freedom of Information Act requests. DoJ Assistant Attorney Peter Kadzik outed as a mole for Hillary Clinton campaign https://t.co/MNHzJ310Nl pic.twitter.com/uTQF6baWBC 
— WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) November 2, 2016 
In the email, Kadzik wrote: 
'There is a HJC [House Judiciary Committee] oversight hearing today where the head of our Civil Division will testify. Likely to get questions on State Department emails. Another filing in the FOIA case went in last night or will go in this am that indicates it will be awhile (2016) before the State Department posts the emails.' 
Podesta forwarded the email to several members of the Clinton campaign team. 
Ben Brody, a Bloomberg politics reporter assigned to cover the election, noted that all of the information Kadzik provided was public. On Wednesday, Brody reported: 
'Kadzik was alerting Podesta to public events: The Judiciary Committee held an open hearing that day, and a new filing in the court case a day earlier set out the State Department's proposed timetable.' 
But the May 19 email and others like it are still prompting concerns over Kadzik's close ties to the DOJ and the Clinton campaign. On Monday, Kadzik sent letters to members of Congress, assuring them that the Justice Department would closely supervise a renewed FBI investigation into Clinton's emails in light of evidence uncovered in an unrelated investigation regarding Anthony Weiner, the New York congressman who resigned amid accusations that he'd 'sexted' minors. Weiner is estranged from his wife, Huma Abedin, one of Clinton's top aides. Kadzik wrote: 
'We assure you that the [Justice] Department will continue to work closely with the FBI and together, dedicate all necessary resources and take appropriate steps as expeditiously as possible.' #BREAKING Senior DOJ official sends letter to lawmakers responding to request for more information about email review. #8days pic.twitter.com/PCgT2ODkQd 
— Just the Facts (@JTF_News) October 31, 2016 
The ties between Kadzik and Podesta go far beyond a single email, however. On Oct. 18, the conservative site The Washington Free Beacon highlighted a Sept. 8, 2008 email from Podesta to Cassandra Butts, a close advisor to President Barack Obama who died later that year. In the email, with the subject line 'Peter Kadzik,' Podesta wrote: 
'Willing to help. Fantastic lawyer. Kept me out of jail. I'm sure Christine knows him. Wants to help. Think he would be an excellent vet lead.' 
An anonymous contributor to Zero Hedge writing under the name 'Tyler Durden' has been connecting the dots in an analysis of WikiLeaks' Podesta Emails archive published on Tuesday. 'Tyler Durden' elaborated on the ways Kadzik may have helped Podesta in the past: 
'Podesta was caught in a sticky situation in both the Lewinsky affair and the Rich pardon scandal. As deputy chief of staff to Clinton in 1996, Podesta asked then-United Nations ambassador Bill Richardson to hire the 23-year-old Lewinsky. In April 1996, the White House transferred Lewinsky from her job as a White House intern to the Pentagon in order to keep her and Bill Clinton separate. But the Clinton team also wanted to keep Lewinsky happy so that she would not spill the beans about her sexual relationship with Clinton.' 
The anonymous blogger also noted that, 'in the waning days of the Bill Clinton administration, Kadzik lobbied Podesta on behalf of Marc Rich, the fugitive who Bill Clinton controversially pardoned on his last day in office.' 
While it's unclear if Podesta and Kadzik are truly 'best friends,' as 'Tyler Durden' asserts, the writer is correct in arguing that voters should be concerned that 'the DOJ will be in charge of a probe that could potentially sink Hillary Clinton' even as the department's leadership maintains such close connections to Clinton, her team, and the Obama administration. Be Sociable, Share!
ARTICLE

Videos Saudi ambassador gives bizarre answer to illegal Yemen cluster bomb question:'It's like asking if you'll stop beating your wife Prince Abdullah Al-Saud clumsily dodges question about the Kingdom's role in the 19-month-old Yemeni civil war, which has left more than 10,000 people dead.   Saudi Arabian ambassador to the US Prince Abdullah Al-Saud speaking to reporters at the 25th Annual Arab-US Policymakers Conference in Washington DC, October 27 2016 Screenshot via Zaid Jilani/YouTube 
Saudi Arabia 's ambassador to the US has evaded answering a question about Saudi Arabia's alleged use of cluster munitions in the Yemeni civil war by answering, 'This is like the question, 'Will you stop beating your wife?'' 
'Will you continue to use cluster weapons in Yemen?' a reporter from The Intercept asked Prince Abdullah Al-Saud, the Kingdom's ambassador to the US, at the annual Arab-US Policymakers Conference in Washington DC last week. 
'This is like the question, 'Will you stop beating your wife?'' Mr Saud replied, laughing. When pressed on the same point, the prince said, 'You are political operators… I'm not a politician.' 
Mr Saud went on to say that the Kingdom would contine bombing Houthi rebels in Yemen 'no matter what it takes.' 
'If anyone attacks human lives, and disturbs the border, in whatever region, we're going to continue hitting them, no matter what,' he said. 
'Anyone who wants to solve the Yemen problem should understand who is making all the problems.' 
A Saudi-led coalition of Middle Eastern states began bombing Shiite Houti rebels in Yemen at the request of the exiled internationally recognised goverment in March 2015. 
The intervention has been heavily criticised by humanitarian groups, who allege that the Kingdom has dropped illegal cluster munitions – banned under international law because of the indiscriminate damage they cause – and also that the Saudi military capabilities are not sophisticated enough to avoid targeting civilian infrastrucutre, causing unneccessary loss of life. 
More than 10,000 people have died in Yemen's conflict to date, the majority because of bombing on the capital Sanaa and other rebel-held cities, the UN says. 
Rebel counter attacks across the border have killed nearly 500 Saudi citizens, the Saudi envoy to the UN Abdallah al-Moallim said last month. 
Saudi Arabia has opened an investigations task force into human rights violations caused by coalition bombing, but Human Rights Watch and several other international bodies have pressed for an independent inquiry. 
Rights groups have also called on Western nations to stop selling arms to Saudi Arabia and other Gulf nations, which they say are destined for use in Yemen's 19-month-old civil war. 
Mr Saud was the keynote speaker at the 25th annual Arab-U.S. Policymakers Conference, which is funded by – among others – oil companies Chevron, ExxonMobile, and ConocoPhillips, and weapons manufacturers Lockheed Martin, Raytheon, and Boeing. 
Former Director of the Director of the Central Intelligence Agency, David Petraeus, also spoke at the summit, attended by business figures and US military officials. 
This article originally appeared on The Independent. Be Sociable, Share!
ARTICLE

Videos 2 Police Officers Turn In Badges In Support Of Standing Rock Water Protectors Redhawk writes. 'You can see it in some of them, that they do not support the police actions,' water protector RedHawk writers. "We must keep reminding them they are welcome to put down their weapons and badge and take a stand against this pipeline as well. Some are waking up.'   A protesters is arrested by police near the Dakota Access pipeline at a construction site in North Dakota, Oct. 22, 2016. (Photo: YouTube) 
North Dakota water protector Redhawk reported today at Standing Rock that two police officers just turned in their badges to show their support for the water protectors. 
'There have been at least 2 reports of police officers turning in their badges acknowledging that this battle is not what they signed up for,' Redhawk writes. 
'You can see it in some of them, that they do not support the police actions,' he continues. 
'We must keep reminding them they are welcome to put down their weapons and badge and take a stand against this pipeline as well. Some are waking up.' 
While most of the police officers at the scene of the DAPL protests have been brutal, violent, and unconstitutionally-militarized, it is clear from this recent act of solidarity that some of their hearts can be turned to the cause of justice. 
This recent incident is reminiscent of what happened in Frankfurt , Germany in May of 2012, when police removed their helmets and began marching with the people protesting big banks. 
According to the Washington Post , 'At least 20,000 people held a major rally of the local Occupy movement inFrankfurt on Saturday to decry austerity measures affecting much of Europe, the dominance of banks, and what they call untamed capitalism .' 
Yesterday, Barack Obama announced that the White House is considering 're-routing' the pipeline to honor the 1851 Indian Treaty that guarantees the land in question to the Standing Rock Nation. Be Sociable, Share!
ARTICLE

Videos Julian Assange: Trump Won't Be Allowed To Win, Clinton & ISIS Funded By Same Money As previously reported, in an August 17, 2014 email made public WikiLeaks last month, Hillary Clinton, who had served as secretary of state until the year before, urges John Podesta, then an advisor to Barack Obama, to 'bring pressure' on Qatar and Saudi Arabia, 'which are providing clandestine financial and logistic support to ISIS and other radical Sunni groups.'   WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange speaks during a press conference inside the Ecuadorian Embassy in London, where he confirmed he 'will be leaving the embassy soon', Monday Aug. 18, 2014. 
One day after Julian Assange officially revealed for the first time that the source of hacked Podesta and DNC emails in Wikileaks' possession is not Russia, in the second excerpt from the John Pilger Special, to be broadcast by RT on Saturday Julian Assange accuses Hillary Clinton of misleading Americans about the true scope of Islamic State's support from Washington's Middle East allies. 
As previously reported, in an August 17, 2014 email made public WikiLeaks last month, Hillary Clinton, who had served as secretary of state until the year before, urges John Podesta, then an advisor to Barack Obama, to 'bring pressure' on Qatar and Saudi Arabia, 'which are providing clandestine financial and logistic support to ISIS and other radical Sunni groups.' 
'I think this is the most significant email in the whole collection,' Assange, whose whistleblowing site released three tranches of Clinton-related emails over the past year, told Pilger in the interview. 'All serious analysts know, and even the US government has agreed, that some Saudi figures have been supporting ISIS and funding ISIS, but the dodge has always been that it is some 'rogue' princes using their oil money to do whatever they like, but actually the government disapproves. But that email says that it is the government of Saudi Arabia, and the government of Qatar that have been funding ISIS.' 
As recounted by RT , Assange and Pilger, who sat down for their 25-minute interview at the Ecuadorian Embassy in London where the whistleblower has been a refugee since 2012, also talked about the conflict of interest between Clinton's official post, her husband's nonprofit, and the Middle East officials, whose stated desire to fight terrorism may not have been sincere. John Pilger: The Saudis, the Qataris, the Moroccans, the Bahrainis, particularly the first two, are giving all this money to the Clinton Foundation, while Hillary Clinton is secretary of state, and the State Department is approving massive arms sales, particularly Saudi Arabia. 
Julian Assange: Under Hillary Clinton – and the Clinton emails reveal a significant discussion of it – the biggest-ever arms deal in the world was made with Saudi Arabia: more than $80 billion. During her tenure, the total arms exports from the US doubled in dollar value. 
JP: Of course, the consequence of that is that this notorious jihadist group, called ISIL or ISIS, is created largely with money from people who are giving money to the Clinton Foundation? 
JA: Yes. 
The conversation then turns to the imminent presidential election: Pilger questioned Assange over increasingly frequent accusations from the Clinton camp, and Western media, that WikiLeaks is looking to swing next week's US presidential election in favor of Donald Trump – perhaps at Russia's behest. 
However, just as he did last week, Assange again dismissed the prospect of Trump, who is almost tied in the polls, winning as unlikely, and not necessarily due to his standing with the electorate. 
'My analysis is that Trump would not be permitted to win. Why do I say that? Because he has had every establishment off his side. Trump does not have one establishment, maybe with the exception of the Evangelicals, if you can call them an establishment,' said Assange. 'Banks, intelligence, arms companies, foreign money, etc. are all united behind Hillary Clinton. And the media as well. Media owners, and the journalists themselves.' 
He is right, but the same was said about Brexit. 
This article originally appeared on ZeroHedge. Be Sociable, Share!
ARTICLE

FBI Finds Previously Unseen Hillary Clinton Emails On Weiner's Laptop Sources earlier described to Fox News' Bret Baier as an "avalanche of evidence..."   
Crushing the hope-filled 'it's just a backup of what they have already seen' narrative of a campaign clutching at straws to defend their candidate, and confirming Fox News Bret Baier's earlier reporting , CBS News reports that the FBI has found new, non-duplicate emails related to Hilary Clinton's tenure as Secretary of State on Anthony Weiner's laptop . 
Sources earlier described to Fox News' Bret Baier as an 'avalanche of evidence…' 
And tonight we are getting further clarification, from US Officials, as to what that evidence consists of (via CBS News) These emails, CBS News' Andres Triay reports, are not duplicates of emails found on Secretary Clinton's private server. At this point, however, it remains to be seen whether these emails are significant to the FBI's investigation into Clinton. It is also not known how many relevant emails there are. 
This is a major problem for the surrogates, lawyers, life-long friends, and defenders of the status quo as it destroys the narrative that has been painted suggesting these emails found on Weiner's laptop are merely backups of what law enforcement officials have already seen (and found no intent in). But what is most intriguing is the question of whether the missing 33,000 'personal' emails 'deleted' by Bryan Pagliano in the full knowledge of Hillary Clinton (according to Wikileaks emails), are also on the estranged husband of Clinton right-hand-lady Huma Abedin's laptop. 
s Federal law enforcement officials concluded to CBS News tonight : 'These emails have never been seen before' 
Fox's Bret Baier summed up what happens next… 'I pressed again and again on this very issue… The investigations will continue, there is a lot of evidence. And barring some obstruction in some way, they believe they will continue to likely an indictment .' 
This article originally appeared on ZeroHedge.
ARTICLE

Videos Leaked Deutsche Bank Speech Shows Clinton Asking Wall Street To Police Itself, Supporting US Pivot To Asia Clinton's October 2014 speech to Deutsche Bank was leaked as part of WikiLeaks' archive of John Podesta's Gmail account, revealing more of the nominee's agenda for the financial sector and global affairs.   Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Rodham Clinton waves to supporter as she arrives at a town hall meeting, Tuesday, Nov. 3, 2015, in Coralville, Iowa. (AP Photo/Charlie Neibergall) 

MINNEAPOLIS — With just days to go before the election, a two-year-old speech to a prominent global bank provides new insight into Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton's possible agenda if she takes control of the White House. 
Clinton delivered the speech on Oct. 7, 2014 to Deutsche Bank in New York , but the content of that speech and an ensuing Q&A session wasn't made public until WikiLeaks released it as part of the organization's ongoing publication of emails and files taken from the private Gmail account of John Podesta, Clinton's campaign chair. 
Clinton has faced pressure to release her speeches to banking executives throughout her presidential campaign, and particularly while vying for the Democratic nomination against Bernie Sanders, the Vermont senator who made campaign finance reform a central plank in his presidential platform. 
In her speech, Clinton acknowledged the pressures facing Wall Street in the wake of the 2008 financial crisis. She referenced the legacy of President Theodore Roosevelt in calling for moderate economic reforms: 
'Remember what Teddy Roosevelt did. Yes, he took on what he saw as the excesses in the economy, but he also stood against the excesses in politics. He didn't want to unleash a lot of nationalist, populistic reaction. He wanted to try to figure out how to get back into that balance that has served America so well over our entire nationhood.' 
Roosevelt was known as a 'trust buster' who was responsible for breaking up massive corporations, and he was outspoken about his wariness of big banks and wealthy business executives. 
Clinton also acknowledged 'that many Americans feel frustrated, some even angry,' about the economic downturn, adding: 'And a lot of that anger has been directed at the financial industry.' 
While recognizing the need for reforms, Clinton also seemed to suggest that the financial sector might be allowed to police itself: 
'Today, there's more that can and should be done that really has to come from the industry itself, and how we can strengthen our economy, create more jobs at a time where that's increasingly challenging, to get back to Teddy Roosevelt's square deal. And I really believe that our country and all of you are up to that job.' 
According to one analysis of the speech and related emails, this attempt to acknowledge critics of the banking industry could have been intended as a way to placate Clinton's critics in the event of the eventual release of the speeches. 
'In an email on November 20, 2015 Clinton speechwriter Dan Schwerin explicitly noted how he left an 'easter egg' in the DB speech precisely in case the world came knocking and asking for Hillary's speeches,' wrote an anonymous contributor at Zero Hedge using the name 'Tyler Durden,' a shared pseudonym adopted by many writers at the site, in an analysis of the speech published on Wednesday. 
In the 2015 email , Schwerin wrote: 
'I wrote her a long riff about economic fairness and how the financial industry has lost its way, precisely for the purpose of having something we could show people if ever asked what she was saying behind closed doors for two years to all those fat cats. It's definitely not as tough or pointed as we would write it now, but it's much more than most people would assume she was saying in paid speeches. … Perhaps at some point there will be value in sharing this with a reporter and getting a story written.' 
Ultimately, 'Tyler Durden' noted, the Clinton campaign opted not to release the speeches . 
Elsewhere in the Deutsche Bank speech, Clinton acknowledged the crucial role big banks will play in Washington's strategic pivot to Asia. She said: 
'Will we have the discipline and dexterity to follow through on our pivot to Asia where so much of the history of the 21st century will be written, while managing new and old crises in the Middle East and Europe? 
Can we get our relationship with China right, navigating between the twin shoals of excessive accommodation and the potential for dangerous conflict? 
Will our traditional allies in Europe and East Asia step up and share the responsibilities of upholding a global order under pressure from so many fronts?' 
The focus on Asia, started under the Obama administration and likely to continue under Clinton, if her speech is any indication, involves encircling China with economic and military allies as a way to undercut China's growing global influence. However, some historic allies like the Philippines have begun to push back against U.S. influence in the region. 
Many analysts see the Trans-Pacific Partnership , a controversial trade deal, as a key element to the U.S. pivot to Asia. While initially supportive of the deal, Clinton now promises to oppose the TPP as president after facing intense pressure from Sanders and activists opposed to the deal .
ARTICLE

Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump speaks during a campaign rally in Sunrise, Fla.
Contrary to his anti-establishment stance — which supporters readily boast as a viable alternative to Hillary Clinton — Donald Trump's establishment roots run so deep, the billionaire real estate mogul plans to appoint a former Goldman Sachs partner and George Soros Fund manager as Secretary of the Treasury should he win the election.
Steve Mnuchin came on board Trump's campaign as finance chair in May, raising eyebrows of many who felt his 17-year history with Sachs — and affiliation with liberal globalist George Soros as an Investment Professional of Soros Fund Management — conflicted directly with the then-presumptive nominee's conservative stance and criticisms of establishment politicians.
'It is difficult to see how a second-generation Goldman Sachs partner would secure such a prominent position in an administration delivered by a populist wind,' Compass Point analyst Isaac Boltansky told Politico of Trump's curious choice for Treasury Secretary.
According to Fox Business Network , Trump's confidence in winning the White House has fomented enough to begin picking Cabinet members, and besides the anomalous choice of Mnuchin for the Treasury, sources said he's considering New Jersey Governor Chris Christie for Attorney General and former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani for Homeland Security Secretary.
Trump has, of course, expended great efforts in criticizing opponent Hillary Clinton's deep ties to the banking and Wall Street elite; and prior to garnering the Republican nomination, extended that critique to competitor Ted Cruz, saying in one debate:
'I know the guys at Goldman Sachs. They have total, total control over him. Just like they have total control over Hillary Clinton.'
Zero Hedge noted when Trump hired the left-leaning hedge fund manager and financier as finance chair that Mnuchin had previously donated multiple times to various Democrats, including Barack Obama and none other than Hillary Clinton.
Further substantiating his establishing banking insider status — the precise profile Trump claims publicly to loathe — Mnuchin worked at Goldman Sachs for 17 years, headed OneWest Bank prior to its purchase by CIT Group in 2015, and now sits on CIT's board while also serving as chairman and chief executive of Dune Capital Management, a private investment firm with a focus on financing big-time Hollywood movies, like 'Avatar.'
If Mnuchin's Wall Street ties don't trouble Trump's supporters enough, the hedge fund manager's links to George Soros — an ardent Clinton fan — certainly will.
In fact, in terms of opposition, Soros has spent billions influencing global politics by inserting his brand of leftism wherever possible — and earlier this year even pledged , with others, some $15 million specifically to mobilize Latinos and immigrants to defeat Donald Trump.
'Steven is a professional at the highest level with an extensive and very successful financial background,' Trump said upon bringing Mnuchin into his campaign. 'He brings unprecedented experience and expertise to a fundraising operation that will benefit the Republican Party and ultimately defeat Hillary Clinton.'
Indeed, Trump's campaign, Quote: d by the Daily Caller , said Mnuchin 'has previously worked with Mr. Trump in a business capacity and brings his expertise in finance to what will be an extremely successful fundraising operation for the Republican Party.'
While business dealings certainly bring ordinarily clashing personalities into contact on occasion, these details about the relationship between Trump and Mnuchin evidence the former's links to the left.
Despite the nominee's many diatribes excoriating Hillary Clinton as out-of-touch with the American populace, Trump's own status as a billionaire belies both their decades-old friendship and striking similarities — particularly as darlings of the establishment.
Should you choose to vote on the 8th, it would be prudent to keep in mind blustery campaign rhetoric — from any politician — only constitutes so much hot air.
This article originally appeared on The Free Thought Project.
ARTICLE

Videos 30 Civilians Die In US Airstrike Called 'To Protect US and Afghan troops' Attack in Kunduz came after two US service members were killed and had been aimed at breaking siege/ | November 4, 2016 Be Sociable, Share! An Afghan man holds up the body of a child that was killed during clashes between Taliban and Afghan security forces in Kunduz province north of Kabul, Afghanistan, Thursday, Nov. 3, 2016, Authorities say a joint raid by U.S. and Afghan forces targeting senior Taliban commanders killed two American service members and 26 civilians. Afghan officials said they were still investigating the attack and its civilian casualties, some of which may have been caused by the airstrikes. (AP Photo/Najim Rahim) 
As many as 30 civilians were killed in an airstrike on Thursday morning called in to protect US and Afghan troops involved in heavy fighting with the Taliban near Kunduz. 
The airstrike, requested after two US service members were killed, had been meant to break a siege around the village of Bouz Kandahari, three miles from the centre of Kunduz, according to Saeed Mahmoud Danish, the spokesman for the provincial governor. 
He said the civilians got caught up in the line of fire because the Taliban were using their houses as cover. 
The joint operation between Afghan and US forces began late on Wednesday and killed 26 Taliban fighters, including two prominent commanders, according to local officials. 
It was not immediately clear who conducted the fatal airstrike. 
Dawlat Waziri, a spokesman for the Afghan defence ministry, said Afghan special forces had conducted airstrikes around the village. The US and Nato mission in Afghanistan said in a tweet: 'US forces conducted strikes in Kunduz to defend friendly forces. All civilian casualty claims will be investigated.' 
Brig Gen Cleveland, a US military spokesman, said: 'As part of an Afghan operation, friendly forces received direct fire and airstrikes were conducted to defend themselves. We take all allegations of civilian casualties very seriously. 
'As this was an Afghan operation, we'll work with our partners to investigate but refer you to them for additional details in the near term. We'll provide updates as we have them.' 
A US airstrike on a Médecins Sans Frontières hospital in Kunduz in October 2015 killed 42 people . 
The governor's spokesman put the number of killed civilians in Bouz Kandahari at 30, while Gen Qasim Jangalbagh, a police official in Kunduz province, said 26 civilians had died. 
According to an internal western security report, the US-Afghan forces came under fire and were surrounded until about 6am, when they broke the siege and escaped. 
Cleveland said the US soldiers had been killed at about 3am or 4am, but did not release further details. 
The Afghan ministry of defence said the two American soldiers, who were 'advising' their Afghan counterparts on the ground, were killed in a fire exchange with insurgents, which also killed three Afghan special forces. 
Early on Thursday, villagers who tried to transport the dead civilians to the city were reportedly stopped by security forces. Later in the day, residents staged a demonstration, protesting about the killings. 
Laghmani, a prominent elder in Kunduz, said local media and community leaders had tried to go to the village where the airstrike took place, but had been stopped by security forces. 
The security situation around Kunduz, which Taliban fighters managed to enter last month, a year after they briefly captured the city in their biggest success in the 15-year war, remains precarious. 
Although US combat operations against the Taliban largely ended in 2014, special forces units have been engaged in combat, providing assistance to the Afghan army and police. 
Thousands of US soldiers remain in Afghanistan as part of the Nato-led Resolute Support training and assistance mission and a separate counterterrorism mission. 
A US service member was killed last month on an operation against Islamic State fighters in the eastern province of Nangarhar. 
Afghan forces, largely fighting alone since the end of the international combat mission, have experienced thousands of casualties, with more than 5,500 killed in the first eight months of 2016. 
This article originally appeared on The Guardian. Be Sociable, Share!
ARTICLE

Videos 'Anti-Establishment' Trump Plans to Appoint Goldman Sachs and George Soros Insiders 'I know the guys at Goldman Sachs. They have total, total control over him. Just like they have total control over Hillary Clinton.' Be Sociable, Share! Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump speaks during a campaign rally in Sunrise, Fla. 
Contrary to his anti-establishment stance — which supporters readily boast as a viable alternative to Hillary Clinton — Donald Trump's establishment roots run so deep, the billionaire real estate mogul plans to appoint a former Goldman Sachs partner and George Soros Fund manager as Secretary of the Treasury should he win the election. 
Steve Mnuchin came on board Trump's campaign as finance chair in May, raising eyebrows of many who felt his 17-year history with Sachs — and affiliation with liberal globalist George Soros as an Investment Professional of Soros Fund Management — conflicted directly with the then-presumptive nominee's conservative stance and criticisms of establishment politicians. 
'It is difficult to see how a second-generation Goldman Sachs partner would secure such a prominent position in an administration delivered by a populist wind,' Compass Point analyst Isaac Boltansky told Politico of Trump's curious choice for Treasury Secretary. 
According to Fox Business Network , Trump's confidence in winning the White House has fomented enough to begin picking Cabinet members, and besides the anomalous choice of Mnuchin for the Treasury, sources said he's considering New Jersey Governor Chris Christie for Attorney General and former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani for Homeland Security Secretary. 
Trump has, of course, expended great efforts in criticizing opponent Hillary Clinton's deep ties to the banking and Wall Street elite; and prior to garnering the Republican nomination, extended that critique to competitor Ted Cruz, saying in one debate: 
'I know the guys at Goldman Sachs. They have total, total control over him. Just like they have total control over Hillary Clinton.' 
Zero Hedge noted when Trump hired the left-leaning hedge fund manager and financier as finance chair that Mnuchin had previously donated multiple times to various Democrats, including Barack Obama and none other than Hillary Clinton. 
Further substantiating his establishing banking insider status — the precise profile Trump claims publicly to loathe — Mnuchin worked at Goldman Sachs for 17 years, headed OneWest Bank prior to its purchase by CIT Group in 2015, and now sits on CIT's board while also serving as chairman and chief executive of Dune Capital Management, a private investment firm with a focus on financing big-time Hollywood movies, like 'Avatar.' 
If Mnuchin's Wall Street ties don't trouble Trump's supporters enough, the hedge fund manager's links to George Soros — an ardent Clinton fan — certainly will. 
In fact, in terms of opposition, Soros has spent billions influencing global politics by inserting his brand of leftism wherever possible — and earlier this year even pledged , with others, some $15 million specifically to mobilize Latinos and immigrants to defeat Donald Trump. 
'Steven is a professional at the highest level with an extensive and very successful financial background,' Trump said upon bringing Mnuchin into his campaign. 'He brings unprecedented experience and expertise to a fundraising operation that will benefit the Republican Party and ultimately defeat Hillary Clinton.' 
Indeed, Trump's campaign, quoted by the Daily Caller , said Mnuchin 'has previously worked with Mr. Trump in a business capacity and brings his expertise in finance to what will be an extremely successful fundraising operation for the Republican Party.' 
While business dealings certainly bring ordinarily clashing personalities into contact on occasion, these details about the relationship between Trump and Mnuchin evidence the former's links to the left. 
Despite the nominee's many diatribes excoriating Hillary Clinton as out-of-touch with the American populace, Trump's own status as a billionaire belies both their decades-old friendship and striking similarities — particularly as darlings of the establishment. 
Should you choose to vote on the 8th, it would be prudent to keep in mind blustery campaign rhetoric — from any politician — only constitutes so much hot air. 
This article originally appeared on The Free Thought Project. Be Sociable, Share!
ARTICLE

Videos Police Violence Escalates As Provocateurs Infiltrate Standing Rock, #NoDAPL Protests While reporting from the Dakota Access pipeline protests, MintPress News reporter Derrick Broze witnessed the actions of destructive forces which have infiltrated the peaceful Native-led movement and provoked increasingly violent responses from law enforcement. | November 6, 2016 Be Sociable, Share! The remnants of a vehicle burned on North Dakota Highway 1806 on the night of Oct. 27. Non-peaceful forces embedded on the side of the water protectors were seen burning the vehicle and two armored vehicles over the protests of water protectors. (Derrick Broze for MintPress) 

STANDING ROCK SIOUX RESERVATION, North Dakota — Police violence has escalated and destructive forces have entered the fray in recent weeks as 'water protectors' in North Dakota have continued their fight against the construction of the Dakota Access pipeline. 
On Nov. 2, police targeted water protectors from the Sacred Stone, Oceti Sakowin, and Red Warrior camps with pepper spray and rubber bullets in response to their peaceful efforts to stop the destruction of the gravesites Alma Parkin and Matilda Galpin, Indigenous women who once owned the nearby Cannonball Ranch. 
'Water protectors building a makeshift bridge across the Cannonball River were met by riot police firing less-than-lethal munitions at point blank range and indiscriminately blasting OC Spray on peaceful unarmed people,' the Camp of the Sacred Stones reported on Nov. 3. 
The Native communities who oppose the pipeline prefer to call themselves water protectors as a way to signify that their fight is one in defense of the health of the water in the pipeline's path, specifically the Missouri River. 
'The bridge was torn down per the orders received by Morton County from the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers . Morton County police then unleashed pepper spray and tear gas on water protectors standing in the river with their hands in the air.' 
More than 100 people were injured in the violence which came just one day after President Barack Obama told Now This News that he was monitoring the situation closely and exploring possible ways to 'reroute' the pipeline. 
'We're going to let it play out for several more weeks and determine whether or not this can be resolved in a way that I think is properly attentive to the traditions of First Americans,' Obama said. 
Watch 'President Obama says they're examining ways to 'reroute' the Dakota Access Pipeline' from 2016 NowThis Election: 
Police and protesters turn violent 
The week preceding Obama's statement took a violent turn, as law enforcement raided camps and destructive forces positioned on the side of the water protectors made themselves known. 
Militarized riot police raided two frontline camps on Oct. 27, making 107 arrests as they deployed pepper spray, stun guns, and physical force in response to a crowd of unarmed water protectors who were blocking the path of pipeline construction. The water protectors attempted to keep police and pipeline workers from accessing the construction site by setting fires to barricades, but police were able to eventually remove everyone from the frontline camps and reclaim the land where the pipeline is slated to be built. Water protectors face off with a police line off North Dakota Highway 1806. Law enforcement wear riot gear as they prepare to remove the frontline camp. Oct. 27, 2016 (Derrick Broze for MintPress) 
Later that night, a bridge on North Dakota Highway 1806, just north of the Red Warrior and Oceti Sakowin camps in Mandan, was the scene of another standoff between law enforcement and citizens opposed to the pipeline. 
Although stationed on the water protectors' side of the bridge, a small group of individuals did not seem to hold the same values or practice the same tactics as the larger, Native-led movement against the pipeline. 
Watch 'Water Protectors face off with police #NoDAPL' from MintPress News: 
In stark contrast to the water protectors' many actions of peaceful prayer and ceremony, the atmosphere at the bridge the night of Oct. 27 was more reminiscent of an outdoor rave. The protesters on the bridge set fire to an SUV, and threw rocks and other objects at a row of armored vehicles operated by law enforcement. This small faction of non-peaceful protesters and officers briefly tossed smoke bombs back and forth. 
Officers eventually lit two smoke bombs on the north side of the bridge before parking two armored vehicles at the exit to the bridge, preventing water protectors and protestors from evacuating in that direction. All law enforcement vehicles were gone within a matter of minutes, and protesters climbed aboard the armored vehicles before setting fire to them. 
When several water protectors came to the bridge, they told those setting the fires and instigating violence that this isn't what they want for the movement. 
'If you feel uncomfortable, if you don't like this action, go back to camp,' one of the men shouted back at the water protectors. 
Saying prayer had failed, the small group of non-peaceful protesters said they were now fighting 'by any means necessary.' 
The fires they set burned throughout the night, as neither law enforcement nor fire department personnel ever arrived at the scene to extinguish the flames. Gabriella Scarlett, a water protector from Canada, signals for peace as a fire barricade burns off County Road 134. Behind her, water protectors establish a fire barricade to hold police back from the site of construction of the Dakota Access pipeline. Oct. 27, 2016 (Derrick Broze for MintPress) 
Agitators make their presence known 
On Oct. 28, water protectors and elders arrived on the scene to retake the bridge from the agitating faction in all-black clothing, a tactic for protests and marches known as 'black bloc.' There were no more than 20 of these provocateurs, and they all traveled together in five older pick-up trucks. Several fights broke out on the bridge as the agitators clashed with those calling strictly for prayer and ceremony, and the agitators were run off the bridge and back to the camps within an hour. 
Siouxz, the head of security on the frontline camp off North Dakota Highway 1806, said those who started the fires were not with the water protector movement. 
' Seven Council has came and they are very ashamed of the behavior of some of the non-traditional people here who can't respect our ways and how we want to make this prayerful,' Siouxz told MintPress News. 
'We're here to protect the water, not initiate a riot or some violent protest, which is the image that the whole world is getting right now. Our elders have come together to condemn all of these wrongful actions like catching things on fire.' 
Apparently intent on forcing their tactics upon the movement, these outside forces appeared uninterested in listening to the Standing Rock Sioux or other Native water protectors. 
Although the black bloc tactic has been used as a legitimate way for protesters to shield their identities from law enforcement, it has also been exploited by law enforcement. Police masquerading as black bloc activists have been exposed at the 2001 G8 Summit in Genoa, Italy , and at protests in 2007 in Quebec , and police posed as activists to infiltrate the Occupy movement. A water protector stares down police along County Road 134, in Mandan, North Dakota, north of Red Warrior Camp. Law enforcement wear riot gear as they prepare to remove the frontline camp. Oct. 27, 2016 (Derrick Broze for MintPress) 
'Solidarity becomes the hijacking or destruction of competing movements, which is exactly what the Black Bloc contingents are attempting to do with the Occupy movement,' Chris Hedges, a progressive independent journalist and activist, wrote in a scathing criticism of the black bloc's presence during the Occupy movement. 
Law enforcement isn't the only institution going undercover to infiltrate activist groups. Corporate entities also have a history of attempting to spy on peaceful, law-abiding activists . A 2013 report by the Center for Corporate Policy found that a large number of corporations are hiring former law enforcement, CIA, NSA, FBI, and military employees to act as spies. 
In the report, titled ' Spooky Business ,' Gary Ruskin wrote: 
'Many of the world's largest corporations and their trade associations — including the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, Walmart, Monsanto, Bank of America, Dow Chemical, Kraft, Coca-Cola, Chevron, Burger King, McDonald's, Shell, BP, BAE, Sasol, Brown & Williamson and E.ON — have been linked to espionage or planned espionage against nonprofit organizations, activists and whistleblowers.' 
Considering what is known about corporate agitation, it is possible that the provocateurs were hired by Energy Transfer Partners , the company behind the pipeline, the banks financing the pipeline, or, really, any company that benefits from the pipeline in any way. 
Ultimately, though, whether the agitators were police, corporate lackeys, or activists practicing a failed strategy, their actions do not represent the whole of the water protector movement and should not be used to discredit or delegitimize it. Be Sociable, Share!
ARTICLE

Videos Abby Martin Exposes Hillary Clinton Chair John Podesta With his brother Tony at the Podesta Group, John is also one of the most powerful corporate lobbyists in the world. The Podesta family weaves their business through John's DC think tank Center for American Progress, where policies are made for their corporate sponsors. Be Sociable, Share! Screenshot [Youtube] With the Wikileaks release of thousands of emails belonging to John Podesta, very little is known about Podesta himself.
While he is treated as just a well-meaning Clinton supporter who has had his privacy unjustly exposed, he is actually one of the most powerful people in Washington, who has operating mostly behind-the-scenes. 
He's the chair of Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign, and was the man advising the last two Democratic presidents, Barack Obama and Bill Clinton. 
With his brother Tony at the Podesta Group, John is also one of the most powerful corporate lobbyists in the world. The Podesta family weaves their business through John's DC think tank Center for American Progress, where policies are made for their corporate sponsors. 
Podesta's emails show that the so-called 'progressive' wing of the establishment is really just a neoliberal insiders club of the rich and powerful. In this episode of The Empire Files, Abby Martin exposes political operative John Podesta's political rise and network of shady corporations, brutal dictatorships and media collaborators. 
Watch the prelude to this exposé, where Abby exposes Hillary Clinton's business of corporate shilling and war making.
ARTICLE

Videos Video: Journalist Covering Pipeline Protests Shot While Conducting Interview During an interview, this journalist was shot point-blank by police. Fortunately, the entire ordeal was caught on camera. | November 7, 2016 Be Sociable, Share! A member of the Stutsman County SWAT team who declined to give his name nor to be identifiable by badge stands guard by an armored personnel carrier while deployed to watch protesters demonstrating against the Dakota Access Pipeline near the Stand Rock Sioux Reservation, in Cannon Ball, N.D., Sunday, Oct. 30, 2016. 
Tensions continue to escalate in Cannon Ball, North Dakota, where protesters attempt to peacefully face off against riot police and the National Guard. In addition to being maced and beaten with batons, activists opposing the four-state Dakota Access Pipeline (DAPL) have been tased and even shot with rubber bullets. 
As the recent incident (below) reveals, violence seems to only be escalating rather than ceasing. Though the UN has called on the U.S. government to halt all construction of the pipeline , its development continues. Desperate and on edge, activists at Standing Rock continue to put their lives on the line, unaware of what will come next – prepared to expect anything. Unfortunately, what recently occurred is a reminder of the danger people protesting corporate greed face. I was shot by militarized police WHILE interviewing a man on camera at #StandingRock …and here's the footage. #NoDAPL https://t.co/FfWiSCbiKf pic.twitter.com/4DRwNPkfZ9 
— Erin Schrode (@ErinSchrode) November 3, 2016 
During an interview with Cantapeta Creek, activist and journalist Erin Schrode was talking when out of nowhere, police shot her with a rubber bullet. She can be heard screaming, 'Ow!' before crumbling to the ground. 
In the Facebook post , Schrode wrote that while 'militarized police' shot her at 'point-blank range', she was physically unhurt but shaken from the attack. In an interview with Fusion , she later relayed that she couldn't fully comprehend what had happened but just remembered being in 'excruciating pain.' 
She said: 'I couldn't fathom that I'd just been hit. Why would they target me? Why would they shoot anyone? There was absolutely nothing violent, aggressive, provocative going on at the protests yesterday.' 
The day after the activist realized she'd caught the entire incident on camera, she quickly uploaded it to social media to share with the world. 
What's happening in Standing Rock doesn't just pertain to the indigenous in the area, it affects present and future generations. In addition to trying to protect the Missouri river, activists supporting the Standing Rock Sioux tribe are hoping to preserve sacred burial ground and send a message about the need to respect Native American treaties. Commenting on the scene at Standing Rock, Schrode says: 'I can't believe what is happening here in Standing Rock. It's a scene like I've never seen anywhere else in the world, and it's right here at home.' 
You can bet that this activist isn't leaving Standing Rock until justice is served. She'll remain – like the majority of people who have set up camp on the edge of the reservation – until the pipeline is halted or all are physically forced off the land. If the latter occurs, expect deafening outcry from activists around the world. These men shot me at #StandingRock today. I pray for them– and for our peaceful, prayerful water protectors. #NoDAPL https://t.co/hUXigAF6u4 pic.twitter.com/5HI14dTEO8 
— Erin Schrode (@ErinSchrode) November 3, 2016 This work by True Activist is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0 International License.
ARTICLE

Videos Greens & Libertarians Rally To Secure 5% Of The Popular Vote Ahead Of Election Day Though third-party nominees received increased attention from both voters and the mainstream media in this year's election cycle, they're still up against the historic tendency of voters to ultimately cast their votes for Republicans and Democrats. | November 7, 2016 Be Sociable, Share! Libertarian presidential candidate Gary Johnson speaks during a campaign rally at Grand View University in Des Moines, Iowa. First it was Bernie Sanders. Now it's Gary Johnson and Green Party presidential nominee Jill Stein being sized up by many young people. With a day to go, Hillary Clinton has struggled to convince young voters that she deserves their support. 
AUSTIN, Texas — Although some indicators suggest the 2016 presidential election could be closer than initially expected, prominent third-party candidates are urging voters not to waver in their support for options outside the traditional two-party system. 
Alternatives to the Democrat and Republican nominees, such as the Green Party's Dr. Jill Stein and former Gov. Gary Johnson of the Libertarian Party, received unprecedented attention in this election cycle as dissatisfaction with the two major candidates soared to unprecedented highs. 
But third parties traditionally struggle to hold the public's interest as Election Day approaches , with many voters eventually falling in line with one of the two major parties. While some polls previously suggested a landslide victory for Hillary Clinton, others are now showing a tighter than expected race , which could also scare off some potential third-party voters. 
A RealClearPolitics analysis of polls which include all four candidates, which was last updated on Wednesday, suggested Johnson would net about 4.1 percent of the popular vote and Stein could get as much as 2.1 percent. 
If either candidate can net 5 percent of the popular vote on Nov. 8, they'll unlock up to $10 million in additional federal funding for future elections. That money could unleash more political power by enabling the Greens or Libertarians to reach more potential voters. 
While some polls indicate that Johnson's unprecedented support is fading in the eleventh hour before the election, Johnson tweeted on Thursday that his support was especially strong among voters who identify as independent. New Purple Slice poll for Bloomberg @bpolitics finds 19% support from Independents. https://t.co/xQAvND4iQD pic.twitter.com/Ow9DDqQg7b 
— Gov. Gary Johnson (@GovGaryJohnson) November 3, 2016 
In an online poll of 601 likely voters who identify as independents, Bloomberg Politics found that 19 percent support Johnson and 8 percent support Stein. 
In an Oct. 31 tweet, Stein urged voters to make a 'strategic' vote and go Green. Your #StrategicVote for the Green Party can unleash $10 million in federal matching funds. Build a party for the 99 percent. #VoteGreen2016 pic.twitter.com/l2n8t03jCD 
— Dr. Jill Stein (@DrJillStein) November 1, 2016 
In a statement published recently on the Stein campaign's website, the Green Party nominee called it a 'bellwether year' in which her candidacy reached new voters in new communities. Encouraging her supporters to push for 5 percent of the vote, Stein continued: 'As corporate, mainstream political pundits scoff at and attack my 'unlikely' candidacy, we have been traveling throughout the country, talking with people from all walks of life and organizing on the ground with a fast-growing base of support from 'unlikely' voters: millennials, indebted students, poor and working class people, immigrants, people of color, and many others who have given up on the two establishment parties out of disgust and frustration.' 
Green Party backers have also used the hashtag #InvestYourVote on Twitter to encourage voters to take a long-term view of the potential effectiveness of voting for a third-party candidate: "Fear of Donald Trump is not enough for me to support Clinton, with her record of corruption." 
— Green Party US (@GreenPartyUS) November 1, 2016 
On Oct. 31, Stein and Johnson faced off in a televised debate hosted by PBS' Tavis Smiley, marking an unusually mainstream forum for the candidates. During the program, the pair reacted to the renewed FBI investigation into Clinton's emails and other recent developments in this often stressful election . Watch ' Dr. Jill Stein and Former Gov. Gary Johnson : ' 
Another alternative candidate receiving an unusual level of attention in the lead-up to Election Day is Evan McMullin, an independent from Utah who formerly served as a CIA operative and as a policy advisor to Congress. Polls and electoral analysts have even suggested McMullin has a chance of winning an electoral vote in the state, where some members of the Church of Latter Day Saints see him as a conservative alternative to Republican candidate Donald Trump. 
On Oct. 29, one of McMullin's tweets went viral after Trump told Fox News that he'd 'never heard of' McMullin and accused him of being a 'puppet' of Bill Kristol, the neoconservative founding editor of The Weekly Standard. 
In a response which has been retweeted over 18,000 times, McMullin fired back: 'Yes you've never heard of me because while you were harassing women at beauty pageants, I was fighting terrorists abroad.' . @realDonaldTrump , Yes you've never heard of me because while you were harassing women at beauty pageants, I was fighting terrorists abroad. https://t.co/hNDTWn3HPN 
— Evan McMullin (@Evan_McMullin) October 30, 2016 Be Sociable, Share!
ARTICLE

Videos Anti-War Movement Anticipates More War Under A Clinton Presidency 'Clinton is one of the biggest war-mongers the country has,' an anti-war organizer tells MintPress News as the candidate's popularity sinks to record lows ahead of Election Day. | November 7, 2016 Be Sociable, Share! U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton speaks during a news conference at NATO headquarters in Brussels, Belgium, December 5, 2012. 
NEW YORK — As the bizarre 2016 presidential election nears its end, activists in the United States are considering the prospects for war and peace under the next administration. 
And with Hillary Clinton leading comfortably in most polls, the Democratic nominee's militaristic record, as well as her promises to expand the use of force, are sparking concern. 
'Clinton is one of the biggest war-mongers the country has,' Joe Lombardo, co-coordinator of the United National Antiwar Coalition , told MintPress News. 
'She pushed for the bombing of Libya and the regime change in that country. She has supported a no-fly zone in Syria, which can put the U.S. in direct conflict with Russia.' 
On the campaign trail, Clinton has repeatedly advocated a 'no-fly zone' in Syria, an aggressive move necessarily accompanied by a widespread bombing campaign, similar to those in Iraq and Libya, which were followed by expanded interventions to impose regime change. 
Senior U.S. military pilots have warned that the proposal could plunge the United States into direct conflict with Russia, whose air force is currently deployed over Syria. 
In September, Joseph Dunford, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, told the Senate that the prospect 'requires us to go to war against Syria and Russia.' 
'Kill a lot of Syrians' 
'It is critical that we not be confused about what Clinton's promise of a no-fly zone will mean,' Meredith Aby of the Minneapolis-based Anti-War Committee told MintPress. 
'It is an escalation of U.S. involvement in the Syrian civil war and it will mean an increase in casualties.' 
In 2013, Clinton herself admitted in a paid speech to Goldman Sachs, obtained and released by WikiLeaks in September, that her proposal would 'kill a lot of Syrians.' 
'To have a no-fly zone you have to take out all of the air defense, many of which are located in populated areas,' she said. 
Beyond Syria, Clinton has also threatened to attack and 'totally obliterate' Iran , and she has repeatedly promised to take the United States' ties with Israel 'to the next level.' 
In August, after accusing Russia and China of hacking U.S. computer systems, she warned : 'We will be ready with serious political, economic and military responses.' 
'A voice for war since 2002' US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, left, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu talk in Jerusalem, Israel, Monday, July 16, 2012. 
These statements, along with Clinton's long, unbroken record of supporting military interventions, have anti-war activists eying the future warily. 
'Many in the anti-war movement understand the dangers of a Clinton presidency,' Aby said. 
'From her resume it is fairly obvious she will be a hawk, more so than President Obama and President Clinton. She has been a voice for war since 2002 when she voted for war in Iraq.' 
Beyond Clinton's explicit threats of wars, her administration may also seek to expand the use of 'soft power,' ranging from diplomatic assistance and military aid to subversion and coups, in pursuit of its foreign policy goals. 
'She has called for boosting U.S. support for Israeli missile defense systems and supports helping Israel with technology to fight in Gaza,' Aby said, adding: 'On the campaign trail, she has denounced the Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions (BDS) movement as a threat to Israel. And while she hasn't campaigned on it, she is no friend of Latin America. Her own emails show the role she played in helping provide support for the coup in Honduras.' 
Lombardo also noted that regions further removed from the headlines than flashpoints like Syria could face similar threats from a Hillary Clinton administration. 
'The Philippines is heating up and Clinton has a history in Latin America, where there are many places that the U.S. would like to see regime change,' he said. 
'A very unpopular president from day one' 
In the waning months of the campaign, both Clinton and her Republican rival, Donald Trump, have emerged as historically unpopular candidates , more so than others in the era of scientific polling. 
Indeed, while Trump's aggression has kept his popularity below Clinton's, she recently surpassed the bellicose billionaire as the least-liked candidate in history. 
A poll released by ABC News and the Washington Post on Tuesday showed Clinton's unpopularity had reached a record-breaking 60 percent, while Trump's stood at 58 percent. 
Despite her jingoism and promises to expand U.S. military efforts far beyond those of Barack Obama, organizers hope this public disdain may give them room to maneuver. 
'Although Clinton will win the presidency, she will be a very unpopular president from day one, which will give us the political space to organize opposition to her foreign policy,' Aby said. 
Lombardo agreed. 'Clinton is very unpopular, and while the election of Obama put a damper on the anti-war movement, I believe we will see that turn around under Clinton.' 
He also noted the growth of domestic social movements, like Occupy Wall Street and Black Lives Matter, that could herald a resurgence in mobilization. 
'There is a downturn in the economy, distrust of the government and the system as a whole,' Lombardo said. 'The connections with the wars abroad and the wars at home is clear to more and more people. I think a movement against increased war can be explosive and powerful during a Clinton administration.' 
But he added that there was much work to be done. 'Although anti-war sentiment in the U.S. is high, the anti-war movement in weak compared to where it was in the past.' 
'No optimism, only apprehension' A woman with the words 'hands off' painted on her face takes part in a protest organized by the Stop the War coalition calling for no military attack on Syria from the U.S., Britain or France, across the road from the entrance of Downing Street in London, Wednesday, Aug. 28, 2013. 
As the clock ticks down to the election, numerous organizations have launched new efforts they hope will preempt the war drive expected to start soon after Jan. 20. 
Along with other groups and individual supporters, the United National Antiwar Coalition launched a 'Hands Off Syria Coalition' and accompanying statement against further U.S. intervention in the war-torn country. 
The effort 'is getting a tremendous response,' Lombardo said. 
Other organizations, including the ANSWER Coalition and International Action Center , have called for protests against the inauguration in Washington. 
'There's no optimism, only apprehension,' International Action Center co-director Sara Flounders told MintPress. 'People know in their bones that a larger war is coming. From the first day of a new administration, we need to send an angry warning.' 
But with the United States fatigued from a grueling election season that has left few residents with positive impressions of either candidate, widespread distrust of the political system may deny the new president the mandate he or she would need to embark on new military adventures. 
'I think people are less naive now then they were eight years ago,' Aby said. 'People understand that foreign policy is not an issue that truly separates the two major party candidates.' Be Sociable, Share!
ARTICLE

Videos Clinton Aide Says Future WikiLeaks Releases Are 'Probably Fake' "Friends, please remember that if you see a whopper of a Wikileaks in next two days - it's probably a fake." | November 7, 2016 Be Sociable, Share! Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton waves as she takes the stage to speak at a fundraiser at the Paramount Theatre in Seattle, Friday, Oct. 14, 2016. 
Months of embarrassing leaks released by WikiLeaks and other sources related to Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign and the Democratic leadership have time and again proven to be true , while allegations of Russia being behind the effort have not been substantiated with any evidence. Still, that's the talking point the campaign continues to go with. 
And indeed Clinton aide Jennifer Palmieri today warned against believing any new things released by WikiLeaks that are embarrassing to the Clinton campaign, even though the other releases were spot on, insisting that anything else they release is ' probably fake .' Friends, please remember that if you see a whopper of a Wikileaks in next two days – it's probably a fake. 
— Jennifer Palmieri (@jmpalmieri) November 6, 2016 
This isn't a brand new claim, either, with House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D – CA) making claims as far back as August that any future mass leaks would probably include ' Russian lies ' designed to embarrass Clinton and the Democrats. 
These preemptive warnings appear to recognize the reality that more embarrassing information is likely to come out, and aiming to get out in front of the next batch by preemptively declaring them 'probably' not true, whatever it turns out to be.
ARTICLE

Videos Texas Cop Fired For Feeding 'Feces' Sandwich To Homeless Man The San Antonio officer was reported by at least two fellow officers for his attempt to feed a homeless man a feces sandwich.   A homeless man sleeps on the steps of St. Bartholomew's Church, Tuesday, June 23, 2015 in New York. 
The San Antonio Police Department — known for its strict measures against homeless people — announced that it had fired a five-year veteran police officer after he attempted to feed a homeless man a 'fecal sandwich' in May. 
According to the department's statement, police officer Matthew Luckhurst bragged to a fellow officer about trying to feed the man human feces before his unnamed colleague reported the incident to the internal affairs in July. 
'This was a vile and disgusting act that violates our guiding principles of 'treating all with integrity, compassion, fairness and respect,'' Chief William McManus said in a statement Friday. 'The fact that his fellow officers were so disgusted with his actions that they reported him to Internal Affairs demonstrates that this type of behavior will never be tolerated.' 
In 2014, however, McManus wanted to make giving money to homeless people a crime but the idea was shelved after public outcry. 
The decision to fire Luckhurst was based on recommendations by two separate review boards which were upheld by McManus. The Associated Press reported that at least two officers reported the incidents to internal affairs. 
However, Luckhurst's lawyer told the San Antonio Express-News, which first reported the story, that his client would appeal the decision and denied that the incident had taken place ever and his comments were a 'joke.' 
According to the local San Antonio Current, the police issued more than 12,000 citations in 22 months between 2013 and 2014 related to 'violations of city laws aimed at discouraging the homeless and poor from hanging out downtown or asking for donations.' 
The newspaper said homeless people were charged with aggressive solicitation — seeking donations in an intimidating manner — solicitation within forbidden zones, camping in a public place, littering, spitting, urinating or defecating in public, disorderly conduct and sitting or lying in manners obstructing the public's right of way. 
According to Haven For Hope, there are almost 3,000 homeless people in the city, of whom 42 percent have no shelter and sleep in the streets.
ARTICLE

Videos Republican Protester Says He Was Nearly Killed After Trump Says 'Take Him Out' Secret Service whisk candidate off stage as supporters create scare by attacking lone anti-Trump Republican at Nevada rally   Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump speaks during a campaign rally at Laconia Middle School, Thursday, Sept. 15, 2016, in Laconia, N.H. 
So who nearly killed whom in Reno, Nevada on Saturday night? 
A fracas at a Donald Trump rally captured on live television Saturday night saw the Republican candidate whisked off the stage by Secret Service agents and left those watching perplexed by what happened in the front rows as police in military gear appeared on the scene with one man ultimately led away by officials. 
But while one of his sons joined another top campaign aide in ' irresponsibly ' and falsely suggesting it was an assassination attempt against Trump, the man at the center of the incident says that all he did was hold up a sign reading 'Republicans Against Trump' before being tackled and beaten by those around him at the rally. 
Speaking with the Guardian following the event, the man, who identified himself as Austyn Crites from Reno, said it was the hysteria of his fellow Republicans at the rally—and incitement by the presidential candidate himself—which turned a simple gesture of dissent into a much more dangerous situation. Watch protester relives Trump fans' attack at Nevada rally: 
'I just went with sign that said 'Republicans Against Trump,'' Crites told the Reno Gazette-Journa l . 'It's a sign that you can find online. I held up the sign and initially people around me were just booing me telling me to get out of there. Then a couple of these guys tried grabbing the sign out of my hands.' He said he had no intentions other than to let his opinion be known. He expected to be booed and perhaps led away, but not pummeled nearly to death. 
'Multiple people just tackled me down, kicking me choking me and just beating me up,' he said. 'That's when things even got crazier. I was on the ground and people were holding my arms, legs and I kept saying I can barely breathe. I was turning my neck just to get a little bit of air to keep from passing out.' The police, he said, intervened just in time. 
According to the Guardian : The 33-year-old – who says he has been a registered Republican for about six years – said he was kicked, punched and choked, and feared for his life when the crowd turned on him at the gathering in Reno, Nevada . Crites cited Trump's treatment of Mexicans, Muslims and women as the reason he decided to protest again Trump, who he described as 'a textbook version of a dictator and a fascist'. There were panicked scenes at the Trump rally, apparently prompted by shouts from at least one person in the crowd that the protester had a gun. Hundreds of people fled to the the back of the auditorium in panic as Trump was hurriedly rushed from the stage by his security detail. 
As the following clip of the unfolding incident shows, Trump acknowledges someone in the crowd during his remarks, saying, 'Oh we have one of those guys from the Hillary Clinton campaign. How much are you being paid, $1,500?' As the crowd begins to agitate and boo, Trump then says, 'Okay. Take him out.' Just seconds later, as the scuffle appears to intensify, is when agents quickly approach Trump and take him off stage. Watch Donald Trump Rushed Off Stage by Secret Service: After Crites was removed from the event by security and police, Trump returned to the stage and told his supporters. 'No one said it would be easy.' 
Though Republicans and Trump supporters on social media overnight were calling him a 'thug''infiltrator' and 'Clinton shill,' Crites posted a Facebook message (subsequently deleted) which said he has nothing official to do with the Clinton campaign, though he is supporting the Democratic candidate this year over Trump and has donated to her campaign. 
'Take what happened to me tonight,' Crites wrote to his fellow Republicans in the post, 'as a classic example of dictator incitement of violence — against your own Republican brother with a stupid sign.' This work by Common Dreams is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0 International License. Be Sociable, Share!
ARTICLE

Videos Should Third Parties Support 'Vote Pacts' To Avoid 'Spoiling' Elections? Unlike other vote swapping schemes which pair a voter in a swing state with a voter in a 'safe' state, a vote pact pairs voters across party lines who each promise to cast their ballots for a third-party candidate instead.   Green party presidential candidate Jill Stein, foreground, meets her supporters during a campaign stop at Humanist Hall in Oakland, Calif. on Thursday, Oct. 6, 2016. 
AUSTIN, Texas — Third-party candidates are often accused of acting as 'spoilers' by siphoning votes from the two major parties' nominees and potentially tipping the balance in an election. 
Perhaps the most notable example of this is Ralph Nader. The former Green Party candidate is frequently accused of helping George W. Bush win the 2000 presidential election by diverting votes which otherwise would have gone to Democratic nominee Al Gore, although this theory has been disproven many times . 
'A lot of people have basically grown to depend on the confines of the two-party system and have a hard time getting their brain around a constructive, strategic path out of it,' Sam Husseini, a political activist, told MintPress News. 
Husseini proposed an alternative strategy in which voters form 'voting pacts' across party lines. For example, a Democrat and a Republican might each agree to vote for a third-party candidate of their choice, rather than the two major parties' candidates. The strategy reduces the potential for 'spoiling' votes, as long as voting pacts don't cross state lines, because each of the major candidates loses voters equally. 
Husseini operates the website VotePact.org to encourage this method of vote sharing or vote pairing. Letter in Wash Post: 'VotePact Offers Voters a Sensible Alternative' — how #NeverTrump & #NeverHillary can pair up: https://t.co/HB3CtnGGdi 
— votepact (@votepact) August 30, 2016 
'It has the potential for being a catalyst for genuine realignment and perhaps even for a victory for a so-called third party or independent candidate creative enough to use such a strategy,' Husseini said. 
Third-party candidates frequently urge voters to follow their conscience rather opt for one of the 'lesser of two evils' selected by the two-party system. As Green Party nominee Dr. Jill Stein frequently says , 'We need to stand up and fight for the greater good like our lives depend on it.' 
Husseini said he'd like to see third-party candidates embrace vote pacts instead of dismissing spoiler claims. He suggested they should also urge their supporters to form vote pacts as a way to safely support third-party movement building. Here's how Husseini imagines the idea being pitched by a candidate: 'There's a way out of this. You feel like you gotta vote for Clinton because you hate Trump. I get that. Lots of people are like that and lots of people are on the other side. Well, they should pair up and both vote for me.' 
He continued: 'I've never seen any third-party candidate do that, which is why I think they're going to remain in single digits' in the popular vote. 
Other forms of 'vote swapping' have been proposed during this and previous elections, usually seeking to pair a voter from a swing state with a voter from a state 'red' or 'blue' state. The voter in the so-called 'safe state' agrees to vote for a third-party candidate in return for securing a vote for their preferred candidate in a state where the election is in play. 
This 'safe state' strategy was especially popular in 2000, when voters sought to trade Nader and Gore votes. That election prompted a court case in which the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that that vote swapping is 'clearly protected by the First Amendment.' 
Last month, Husseini told Bustle's Amée Latour that the 'safe state' strategy just 'kicks the can down the road.' Third parties often hope to secure 5 percent of the popular vote in presidential races, which would unlock millions in additional federal funding for future elections, but Husseini thinks by embracing vote pacts they could potentially win elections outright. 
'The other so-called 'strategies' are basically a way of minimizing the so-called 'damage' of third-party runs,' he told MintPress. 
While Husseini said he hopes alternative candidates will someday make vote pacts a key part of their campaign strategy, he also stressed that it isn't too late for voters to embrace the idea in the 2016 election. Vote pacts require mutual trust between political opponents, so he recommends forming them with family members, close friends, and coworkers across party lines. 
He also said voting pacts could spur political change by encouraging people to engage in challenging political conversations across party lines rather than simply shutting out opposing views. 
'Instead unfriending that guy who said he might vote for Trump because he hates Clinton, reach out to them.' Be Sociable, Share!
ARTICLE

U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton speaks during a news conference at NATO headquarters in Brussels, Belgium, December 5, 2012.
NEW YORK — As the bizarre 2016 presidential election nears its end, activists in the United States are considering the prospects for war and peace under the next administration.
And with Hillary Clinton leading comfortably in most polls, the Democratic nominee's militaristic record, as well as her promises to expand the use of force, are sparking concern.
'Clinton is one of the biggest war-mongers the country has,' Joe Lombardo, co-coordinator of the United National Antiwar Coalition , told MintPress News.
'She pushed for the bombing of Libya and the regime change in that country. She has supported a no-fly zone in Syria, which can put the U.S. in direct conflict with Russia.'
On the campaign trail, Clinton has repeatedly advocated a 'no-fly zone' in Syria, an aggressive move necessarily accompanied by a widespread bombing campaign, similar to those in Iraq and Libya, which were followed by expanded interventions to impose regime change.
Senior U.S. military pilots have warned that the proposal could plunge the United States into direct conflict with Russia, whose air force is currently deployed over Syria.
In September, Joseph Dunford, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, told the Senate that the prospect 'requires us to go to war against Syria and Russia.'
'Kill a lot of Syrians' 'It is critical that we not be confused about what Clinton's promise of a no-fly zone will mean,' Meredith Aby of the Minneapolis-based Anti-War Committee told MintPress.
'It is an escalation of U.S. involvement in the Syrian civil war and it will mean an increase in casualties.'
In 2013, Clinton herself admitted in a paid speech to Goldman Sachs, obtained and released by WikiLeaks in September, that her proposal would 'kill a lot of Syrians.'
'To have a no-fly zone you have to take out all of the air defense, many of which are located in populated areas,' she said.
Beyond Syria, Clinton has also threatened to attack and 'totally obliterate' Iran , and she has repeatedly promised to take the United States' ties with Israel 'to the next level.'
In August, after accusing Russia and China of hacking U.S. computer systems, she warned : 'We will be ready with serious political, economic and military responses.'
'A voice for war since 2002' US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, left, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu talk in Jerusalem, Israel, Monday, July 16, 2012.
These statements, along with Clinton's long, unbroken record of supporting military interventions, have anti-war activists eying the future warily.
'Many in the anti-war movement understand the dangers of a Clinton presidency,' Aby said.
'From her resume it is fairly obvious she will be a hawk, more so than President Obama and President Clinton. She has been a voice for war since 2002 when she voted for war in Iraq.'
Beyond Clinton's explicit threats of wars, her administration may also seek to expand the use of 'soft power,' ranging from diplomatic assistance and military aid to subversion and coups, in pursuit of its foreign policy goals.
'She has called for boosting U.S. support for Israeli missile defense systems and supports helping Israel with technology to fight in Gaza,' Aby said, adding:
'On the campaign trail, she has denounced the Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions (BDS) movement as a threat to Israel. And while she hasn't campaigned on it, she is no friend of Latin America. Her own emails show the role she played in helping provide support for the coup in Honduras.'
Lombardo also noted that regions further removed from the headlines than flashpoints like Syria could face similar threats from a Hillary Clinton administration.
'The Philippines is heating up and Clinton has a history in Latin America, where there are many places that the U.S. would like to see regime change,' he said.
'A very unpopular president from day one' In the waning months of the campaign, both Clinton and her Republican rival, Donald Trump, have emerged as historically unpopular candidates , more so than others in the era of scientific polling.
Indeed, while Trump's aggression has kept his popularity below Clinton's, she recently surpassed the bellicose billionaire as the least-liked candidate in history.
A poll released by ABC News and the Washington Post on Tuesday showed Clinton's unpopularity had reached a record-breaking 60 percent, while Trump's stood at 58 percent.
Despite her jingoism and promises to expand U.S. military efforts far beyond those of Barack Obama, organizers hope this public disdain may give them room to maneuver.
'Although Clinton will win the presidency, she will be a very unpopular president from day one, which will give us the political space to organize opposition to her foreign policy,' Aby said.
Lombardo agreed. 'Clinton is very unpopular, and while the election of Obama put a damper on the anti-war movement, I believe we will see that turn around under Clinton.'
He also noted the growth of domestic social movements, like Occupy Wall Street and Black Lives Matter, that could herald a resurgence in mobilization.
'There is a downturn in the economy, distrust of the government and the system as a whole,' Lombardo said. 'The connections with the wars abroad and the wars at home is clear to more and more people. I think a movement against increased war can be explosive and powerful during a Clinton administration.'
But he added that there was much work to be done. 'Although anti-war sentiment in the U.S. is high, the anti-war movement in weak compared to where it was in the past.'
'No optimism, only apprehension' A woman with the words 'hands off' painted on her face takes part in a protest organized by the Stop the War coalition calling for no military attack on Syria from the U.S., Britain or France, across the road from the entrance of Downing Street in London, Wednesday, Aug. 28, 2013.
As the clock ticks down to the election, numerous organizations have launched new efforts they hope will preempt the war drive expected to start soon after Jan. 20.
Along with other groups and individual supporters, the United National Antiwar Coalition launched a 'Hands Off Syria Coalition' and accompanying statement against further U.S. intervention in the war-torn country.
The effort 'is getting a tremendous response,' Lombardo said.
Other organizations, including the ANSWER Coalition and International Action Center , have called for protests against the inauguration in Washington.
'There's no optimism, only apprehension,' International Action Center co-director Sara Flounders told MintPress. 'People know in their bones that a larger war is coming. From the first day of a new administration, we need to send an angry warning.'
But with the United States fatigued from a grueling election season that has left few residents with positive impressions of either candidate, widespread distrust of the political system may deny the new president the mandate he or she would need to embark on new military adventures.
'I think people are less naive now then they were eight years ago,' Aby said. 'People understand that foreign policy is not an issue that truly separates the two major party candidates.'
ARTICLE

Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton waves as she takes the stage to speak at a fundraiser at the Paramount Theatre in Seattle, Friday, Oct. 14, 2016.
Months of embarrassing leaks released by WikiLeaks and other sources related to Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign and the Democratic leadership have time and again proven to be true , while allegations of Russia being behind the effort have not been substantiated with any evidence. Still, that's the talking point the campaign continues to go with.
And indeed Clinton aide Jennifer Palmieri today warned against believing any new things released by WikiLeaks that are embarrassing to the Clinton campaign, even though the other releases were spot on, insisting that anything else they release is ' probably fake .'
Friends, please remember that if you see a whopper of a Wikileaks in next two days – it's probably a fake.
— Jennifer Palmieri (@jmpalmieri) November 6, 2016
This isn't a brand new claim, either, with House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D – CA) making claims as far back as August that any future mass leaks would probably include ' Russian lies ' designed to embarrass Clinton and the Democrats.
These preemptive warnings appear to recognize the reality that more embarrassing information is likely to come out, and aiming to get out in front of the next batch by preemptively declaring them 'probably' not true, whatever it turns out to be.
ARTICLE

Videos Israel Tracked 'Anti-Government' Journalists On Facebook Netanyahu thinks the new channel doesn't have enough government supervision and is too critical of his government and policies.   An Israeli soldier looks at the IDF's Facebook page at the army spokesperson's office in Jerusalem. 
Israel's ruling party used Facebook to spy on 'anti-government' journalists, Likud parliamentarian David Bitan said in a public debate Saturday. 
Bitan openly said he and others had been scouring the Facebook pages of journalists hired recently to set up a new public broadcasting service, saying they were scorned by their left-wing politics. 
'We went and we checked the Facebook pages of these people. We saw what they are writing and I will tell you that we are talking about people who are leftist. They want to impose their own agenda on the new channel,' he said in the forum. 
Bitan has been the lead crusader against the establishment of the Israel Public Broadcasting Corporation. The new radio and TV media outlet, to be launched in recent months, is slated to replace the decades-old Israel Broadcasting Authority. 
But Bitan and his cadre, including Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, are looking to stop the new broadcast service, establishing a committee tasked to find a way to keep the old Israel Broadcasting Authority. 
Their concern? The new public service channel doesn't have enough government supervision and is overtly critical of Netanyahu's government and policies. 
This, despite Netanyahu calling the change 'essential' and 'necessary' two years ago. 
Despite this resistance, work has been underway in establishing the new outlet, with deals having been made with unions and generous severance packages being offered to workers who have agreed to quit the old broadcast voluntarily. 
The new media corporation has been poaching media personalities from competing outlets and preparing content for the launch date, which has already been postponed several times. 
And critics are firing back at the prime minister, saying the new public broadcasting service should be free of political influence. They also see Netanyahu's actions as a clear attack on media freedom. Local media has also come out to harshly criticize the ruling party. 
After Bitan's comments about surveillance became public, the Union of Journalists in Israel called on the attorney general to investigate the legality of Bitan's actions. 
'Closing down public broadcasting just because the prime minister can't control it crosses a red line reminiscent of a totalitarian regime and not a democratic society like Israel,' said Yair Tarchitsky, the union's chairman. He said the government's actions amounted to McCarthyism. 
Bitan, even last week, had not been hesitant to voice his opinions about the change. 
'It's not going in the direction that we want. It is clear that the corporation will be left-leaning, according to what they are talking about. The journalists and workers are talking, they are tweeting, there is a red line that we will not allow it to cross,' said Bitan during an interview last week with Israel's Channel 2 news. 
The Israel Broadcasting Authority was first established in 1948 and was the apartheid state's sole television and radio outlet until commercial channels began broadcasting in the nineties.
ARTICLE

Videos Wikileaks: Clinton, Podesta Agreed Not To Distribute Confidential Intel By Private Email Account In an email released by Wikileaks, John Podesta said he was willing to discuss sensitive information with his future boss Hillary Clinton while he worked for President Obama and she was a private citizen.   In this Oct. 5, 2016, photo, Hillary Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta speaks to members of the media outside Clinton's home in Washington. 
As reported previously, when discussing Hillary Clinton's email in which revealed US intel and strategy regarding the middle east, and disclosed that Qatar and Saudi Arabia were funding the Islamic State, John Podesta said he was willing to discuss sensitive information with his future boss Hillary Clinton while he worked for President Obama and she was a private citizen in August 2014, but he knew better than to send the intel over Clinton's private server from his Gmail account, emails released Thursday by WikiLeaks show. 
In the exchange which Hillary Clinton previewed by stating'sources include Western intelligence, US intelligence and sources in the region', and who had resigned as secretary of state 18 months earlier, asked then-Obama counselor Podesta if he knew who was responsible for an Aug. 18 airstrike in Tripoli, in which unidentified bombers blew up an Islamist-controlled arms depot in the Libyan capital. 
'Yes and interesting but not for this channel,' Podesta replied in the Aug. 19, 2014 message to Clinton's account. 
As fox previously observed , the conversation suggests that Podesta, now Clinton's campaign chairman, was willing to provide Clinton information that had not been made public. Reports from The New York Times and The Associated Press at the time included denials of involvement from the U.S., France, Italy and Egypt and debunked claims of responsibility from a rogue Libyan general. 
Podesta, in his email response, indicated he had his own sources. But he also apparently recognized he shouldn't share the information over their personal accounts. 
It's unclear if he was concerned more about the security on her clintonemail.com account or his Gmail account — which would be hacked months later, in turn exposing the email chain Thursday. 
Podesta's concern could show that at least one close Clinton ally was aware of the risk of sharing sensitive or classified information over the unsecured server. 
And today, thanks to the latest – and perhaps last – Wiki release, we know that Hillary agreed with Podesta when in the last email in that thread she replied simply, 'got it.' It is unclear if this was the first time Hillary Clinton realized that sending potential confidential intelligence by private email is frowned upon.
ARTICLE

Videos 15 Civilians Killed In Single US Airstrike Have Been Identified The rate at which civilians are being killed by American airstrikes in Afghanistan is now higher than it was in 2014 when the US was engaged in active combat operations.   Photo of Hellfire missiles being loaded onto a US military Reaper drone in Afghanistan by Staff Sgt. Brian Ferguson/U.S. Air Force. 
The Bureau has been able to identify 15 civilians killed in a single US drone strike in Afghanistan last month – the biggest loss of civilian life in one strike since the attack on the Medecins Sans Frontieres hospital (MSF) last October. 
The US claimed it had conducted a 'counter-terrorism' strike against Islamic State (IS) fighters when it hit Nangarhar province with missiles on September 28. But the next day the United Nations issued an unusually rapid and strong statement saying the strike had killed 15 civilians and injured 13 others who had gathered at a house to celebrate a tribal elder's return from a pilgrimage to Mecca. 
The Bureau spoke to a man named Haji Rais who said he was the owner of the house that was targeted. He said 15 people were killed and 19 others injured, and provided their names (listed below). The Bureau was able to independently verify the identities of those who died. 
Rais' son, a headmaster at a local school, was among them. Another man, Abdul Hakim, lost three of his sons in the attack. 
Rais said he had no involvement with IS and denied US claims that IS members had visited his house before the strike. He said: 'I did not even speak to those sort of people on the phone let alone receiving them in my house.' 
The deaths amount to the biggest confirmed loss of civilian life in a single American strike in Afghanistan since the attack on the MSF hospital in Kunduz last October, which killed at least 42 people. 
The Nangarhar strike was not the only US attack to kill civilians in September. The Bureau's data indicates that as many as 45 civilians and allied soldiers were killed in four American strikes in Afghanistan and Somalia that month. 
On September 18 a pair of strikes killed eight Afghan policemen in Tarinkot, the capital of Urozgan provice. US jets reportedly hit a police checkpoint, killing one officer, before returning to target first responders. The use of this tactic – known as a 'double-tap' strike – is controversial because they often hit civilian rescuers. 
The US told the Bureau it had conducted the strike against individuals firing on and posing a threat to Afghan forces. The email did not directly address the allegations of Afghan policemen being killed. 
At the end of the month in Somalia, citizens burnt US flags on the streets of the north-central city of Galcayo after it emerged a drone attack may have unintentionally killed 22 Somali soldiers and civilians. The strike occurred on the same day as the one in Nangarhar. 
In both the Somali and Afghan incidents, the US at first denied that any non-combatants had been killed. It is now investigating both the strikes in Nangarhar and Galcayo. 
The rate at which civilians are being killed by American airstrikes in Afghanistan is now higher than it was in 2014 when the US was engaged in active combat operations. Name
ARTICLE

Videos Clay Pigeons: How Lobbyists Secretly Woo Top Election Officials Big-money corporate lobbying has reached into one of the most obscure corners of state government: the offices of secretaries of state, the people charged with running elections impartially.   Barbara Cegavske, the Nevada secretary of state, during a debate .The Republican Secretaries of State Committee, a fundraising group, invited her to participate by phone in May meetings with tobacco, restaurant and gun industry representatives to discuss ballot initiatives. 
The targeting of secretaries of state with campaign donations, corporate-funded weekend outings and secret meetings with industry lobbyists reflects an intense focus on often overlooked ballot questions, which the secretaries frequently help write. 
The ballot initiatives are meant to give voters a direct voice on policy issues such as the minimum wage and the environment. But corporate and other special interests are doing their best to build close ties with the secretaries because a difference of even a few words on a ballot measure can have an enormous impact on the outcome. 
The influence campaign has intensified, with more citizen-driven ballot initiatives to be decided on Election Day this year than at any time in the past decade. 
Secretaries of state from Washington, Ohio, Colorado and Nevada 2014 all Republicans 2014 participated in closed-door meetings in May with representatives from Reynolds American, the nation's second-largest tobacco company ; the National Restaurant Association; and the National Rifle Association, while ballot initiative signatures in those states were still being collected, documents obtained through open records requests show . 
At a weekend retreat last month at a hunting lodge in Kansas, Republican secretaries of state mingled with donors, including a representative from Koch Industries, as they shot pheasant and clay pigeons. The owners of Koch Industries 2014 Charles G. and David H. Koch 2014 have funded groups involved in several ballot initiative fights this year, including over a solar energy measure in Florida. 
'The Koch brothers out with the Republican secretaries of state 2014 that's a news story I don't need,' Allen Richardson, a Koch lobbyist, joked, unaware that a reporter was in attendance. 
Groups aligned with Democrats have also targeted secretaries of state, mobilizing during the 2014 campaign to try to elect more officials sympathetic to their causes. 
'With so many important issues being decided through ballot initiatives (increases in the minimum wage, gay marriage, environmental protections, etc.), increasing our involvement in electing secretaries of state who will stand with working families is vital,' said a strategy memo co-written by Steve Rosenthal , a veteran political strategist for labor unions. 
The May meetings between industry officials and the Republican Secretaries of State Committee, a fundraising group, were set up to give the industry players a chance to weigh in on ballot initiatives that the secretaries were overseeing, emails show. 
In an email with the subject line ' Ballot Initiative Private Meetings in DC, ' Emily Keech, the committee's executive director, invited Barbara Cegavske, the Nevada secretary of state, to join the sessions by phone, noting that the others were flying in. 
'I know that the National Rifle Association has some concerns in NV so it would be helpful to get your insights,' Keech wrote , referring to a Nevada initiative that would more broadly require background checks for gun sales, a measure opposed by the NRA. 
She assured Cegavske that the meetings would be kept confidential. 
'I don't want that listed anywhere since it is a sensitive topic for some secretaries,' Keech wrote in the email . In briefing papers she later sent, she detailed the ballot initiatives the industry groups were concerned with 2014 and just how much the groups had donated for Republican election efforts. 
Some former secretaries of state said the new fundraising tactics could hurt the image of the offices as impartial referees of state elections. 
'It is extremely important that the public trust their elections and have confidence they are going to be handled in a fair and impartial way,' said Sam Reed, a former Republican secretary of state in Washington. 'And ballot issues in particular are very sensitive.' 
Twenty-six states allow citizens to enact or repeal laws through a popular vote. The initiative process began over a century ago as a way to circumvent state legislatures, considered at the time to be dominated by powerful corporate interests. 
There are 71 citizen initiatives this year, according to Ballotpedia , a nonprofit group that tracks state elections, and spending on those initiatives has reached at least $821 million . 
With billions at stake, major corporations routinely hire consulting firms to help them influence ballot initiatives. 
'The key to any ballot measure is the right language,' Nathan Sproul , the managing partner at Lincoln Strategy Group, whose client list has included Walmart, Philip Morris International and Wynn Resorts, told a roomful of lobbyists in September at a closed-door strategy session in Alexandria, Va. 'In Arizona, you write the concept, and then the secretary of state writes the language.' 
Another Lincoln executive, Ulrico Izaguirre, told attendees, as he ran through a long list of Election Day items before voters this year: 'The clouds of ballot measures threaten business on a daily basis. Thunderous clouds.' 
Republicans have turned to initiatives to push their agenda as a counter to liberal activists, according to an internal party memo. 
'Ballot initiatives will not be the left's mechanism for gaining power and advancing their agenda when voters have already rejected them,' said the memo, from the Republican State Leadership Committee , in February 2015 as the group prepared fundraising efforts. 'It's time for conservatives to take back that power by rejecting their efforts and promoting our own.' 
The Republican organization that hosted the closed-door meetings in Washington is an arm of the Republican State Leadership Committee, a political group dedicated to electing candidates to state government posts. 
In a July 2015 memo, the leadership group said , 'The diverse set of responsibilities held by Republican Secretaries across the country presents previously unidentified opportunities for significant growth and expansion,' and then discussed 'the importance of ballot initiatives' as a fundraising tool. 
And money has poured in. Reynolds American has contributed $990,000 in the past two years to the Republican State Leadership Committee, and Altria, the nation's largest cigarette company , has given at least $540,000 2014 making them the second- and third-biggest donors to the organization, behind the United States Chamber of Commerce. The NRA has donated at least $160,000. 
Ellie Hockenbury, a spokeswoman for the Republican State Leadership Committee, said the meetings and other conversations with donors were simply informational. 
And secretaries of state said their efforts to raise money had no impact on their actions as government officials. 
'When you are trying to raise money, you try to work with people who have an interest in the subjects,' said Wayne Williams, the Colorado secretary of state. He added, 'I will meet with anybody on any side of the subject at any time.' 
But Christin Fernandez, a spokeswoman for the restaurant association, acknowledged that the organization, at its headquarters in Washington, had expressed concerns to the secretaries of state about the minimum-wage ballot initiatives. 
'As a membership organization, the National Restaurant Association and our state partners meet with many different organizations on both sides of the aisle to voice the concerns,' she said in a statement. 
Email records from Nevada show that the Republican fundraising efforts are linked to ballot initiatives. A spreadsheet obtained from Cegavske includes a 'contact list' prepared by Keech, the Republican Secretaries of State Committee's executive director. 
'I would ask for $25k due to the gambling and gaming initiatives all across the country,' Keech wrote to Cegavske , referring to Wynn Resorts, along with a list of other possible donors, and their ties to ballot initiative efforts. 
Another target for a solicitation was NV Energy, which is facing a proposed constitutional amendment, requiring voter approval, to end the company's monopoly over much of the state's electricity market. 
Cegavske's executive assistant wrote back to Keech, reporting that the effort had generated some cash return. 
'Barbara has contacted NV Energy and they are good for a contribution,' the executive assistant, Jennifer Russell, wrote in April . 
'What great news!!!!' Keech wrote back. 'The Secretaries' contacts are ALWAYS better than ours.' 
In a statement, Cegavske said the suggestion that she had sought money from NV Energy because of the pending ballot initiative was 'categorically false.' 
Democrats have also attracted large donations from labor unions and activists with an intense interest in ballot agenda items. Michael R. Bloomberg donated $250,000 this year to an Oregon candidate who as a state legislator had helped push through a law on background checks for gun sales. 
A spokesman for Bloomberg said the donation was not related to any effort to influence future ballot measures. 
Labor union and abortion rights groups, however, were more explicit. The confidential memo drafted by veteran labor union organizers before the 2014 election 2014 published last month by WikiLeaks as part of the cache of emails stolen from Hillary Clinton's campaign chairman, John D. Podesta 2014 said those groups were prepared to support the effort. 
'The office of Secretary of State is playing an increasingly important role for progressives,' the memo said, noting its 'pivotal roles in the ballot initiative process.' 
The impact of these donations and private gatherings on actions by secretaries of state is difficult to gauge, given the dozens of small language changes as the ballot measures are being prepared for Election Day. But there are hints of possible benefits. 
For example, a gun control initiative on the Nevada ballot next week was framed by the secretary of state as a measure that would 'prohibit' firearm transfers without background checks, rather than as a required additional step before a gun sale could take place. 
This is a seemingly small but important difference that gun control supporters say makes the ballot item less palatable to voters. 
Cegavske said the ballot language she used fairly reflected text submitted to her office by those advocating the measure. 
'There was no input from the gun industry in the writing of the ballot question,' Gail J. Anderson, the deputy secretary for Southern Nevada, said in a statement. 
After a minimum-wage campaign accelerated last year in Ohio, emails show, Jon A. Husted, the secretary of state, communicated with an Ohio Chamber of Commerce affiliate as the business group discussed plans with the restaurant industry to 'meet and strategize' about its opposition effort. 
A spokesman for Husted said that 'the amendment and referendum processes can be cumbersome' and that 'the secretary is often asked to come explain precisely how it works.' 
Minimum-wage advocates chastised Washington's secretary of state, Kim Wyman , who is in the midst of a re-election campaign. She has benefited from a blitz of radio advertisements paid for by the Republican group that sponsored the May meetings with industry representatives. Wyman declined requests to comment. 
At the three-day hunt 2014 where corporate donors and secretaries of state from Kansas, Mississippi, Georgia and Arkansas shared a one-story, wood-frame hunting lodge, with stuffed deer and elk antlers mounted on the walls 2014 there was little discussion of formal election matters. 
Instead, it was an opportunity for the corporate executives to cement personal connections. Together, they set loose Labrador retrievers on acres of prime high-grass hunting grounds, flushing pheasants and quail from their hiding spots. 
'I was 60 yards away,' Kris Kobach, the Kansas secretary of state, said as he showed off two prairie chickens he had shot earlier in the day. 
After a dinner of shredded beef, the state officials and political contributors, some in pajamas, drank beers. The only apparent disappointment the next morning, after their first hunting outing together as a group, was that they had bagged only 58 birds, two short of their legal limit. 
'The two that got away,' Kobach said. 
'We'll get 'em tomorrow,' said one of the corporate executives. This work by Pro Publica is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0 International License.
ARTICLE

Videos New York Times Admits Key Al Qaeda Role In Aleppo In a backhand way, The New York Times admits that the U.S.-backed 'moderate' rebels in east Aleppo are fighting alongside Al Qaeda jihadists, an almost casual admission of this long-obscured reality, writes Robert Parry. Be Sociable, Share! Syrian rebels walk in an alley in Idlib, Syria, Wednesday, Feb. 8, 2012. (AP Photo) 
As much as The New York Times and the mainstream U.S. media have become propaganda outlets on most foreign policy issues, like the one-sided coverage of the bloody Syrian war, sometimes the truth seeps through in on-the-ground reporting by correspondents, even ones who usually are pushing the 'propo.' 
Such was the case with Anne Barnard's new reporting from inside west Aleppo, the major portion of the city which is in government hands and copes with regular terror rocket and mortar attacks from rebel-held east Aleppo where Al Qaeda militants and U.S.-armed-and-funded 'moderate' rebels fight side-by-side. 
Almost in passing, Barnard's article on Sunday acknowledged the rarely admitted reality of the Al Qaeda/'moderate' rebel collaboration, which puts the United States into a de facto alliance with Al Qaeda terrorists and their jihadist allies, fighting under banners such as Nusra Front (recently renamed Syria Conquest Front) and Ahrar al-Sham. 
Barnard also finally puts the blame for preventing civilians in east Aleppo from escaping the fighting on a rebel policy of keeping them in harm's way rather than letting them transit through 'humanitarian corridors' to safety. Some of her earlier pro-rebel accounts suggested that it wasn't clear who was stopping movement of civilians through those corridors. 
However, on Sunday, she reported: 'We had arrived at a critical moment, as Russia said there was only one day left to pass through a corridor it had provided for people to escape eastern Aleppo before the rebel side was flattened, a corridor through which precious few had passed. The government says rebels are preventing civilians from leaving. Rebels refuse any evacuation without international supervision and a broader deal to deliver humanitarian aid.' 
Granted, you still have to read between the lines, but at least there is the acknowledgement that rebels are refusing civilian evacuations under the current conditions. How that is different from Islamic State terrorists in Mosul, Iraq, preventing departures from their areas – a practice which the Times and other U.S. outlets condemn as using women and children as 'human shields' – isn't addressed. But Barnard's crimped admission is at least a start. 
Barnard then writes: 'Instead [of allowing civilians to move through the humanitarian corridors], they [the rebels] are trying to break the siege, with Qaeda-linked groups and those backed by the United States working together — the opposite of what Russia has demanded.' 
Again, that isn't the clearest description of the situation, which is stunning enough that one might have expected it in the lede rather than buried deep inside the story, but it is significant that the Times is recognizing that Al Qaeda and the U.S.-backed 'moderates' are 'working together' and that Russia opposes that collaboration. 
She also noted that 'Three Qaeda-linked suicide bombers attacked a military position with explosive-packed personnel carriers on Thursday, military officials said, and mortar fire was raining on neighborhoods that until now had been relatively safe. It was among the most intense rounds in four years of rebel shelling that officials say has killed 11,000 civilians.' 
While she then throws in a caveat about the impossibility of verifying the numbers, the acknowledgement that the U.S.-backed 'moderate' rebels and their Al Qaeda comrades have been shelling civilians in west Aleppo is significant, too. Before this, all the American people heard was the other side, from rebel-held east Aleppo, about the human suffering there, often conveyed by 'activists' with video cameras who have depicted the conflict as simply the willful killing of children by the evil Syrian government and the even more evil Russians. 
More Balance A Syrian soldier carries Syria's national flag after successfully routing rebels from the Aleppo Military Academy in Aleppo, Syria. Sept. 05, 2016. 
With the admission of rebel terror attacks on civilians in west Aleppo, the picture finally is put into more balance. The Al Qaeda and U.S.-backed rebels have been killing thousands of civilians in government-controlled areas and the Syrian military and its Russian allies have struck back only to be condemned for committing 'war crimes.' 
Though the human toll in both sides of Aleppo is tragic, we have seen comparable situations before – in which the U.S. government has supported, supplied and encouraged governments to mount fierce offensives to silence rockets or mortars fired by rebels toward civilian areas. 
For instance, senior U.S. government officials, including President Barack Obama and Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton, have defended Israel's right to defend itself from rockets fired from inside Gaza even though those missiles rarely kill anyone. Yet, Israel is allowed to bomb the near-defenseless people of Gaza at will, killing thousands including the four little boys blown apart in July 2014 while playing on a beach during the last round of what the Israelis call 'mowing the grass.' 
In the context of those deaths, U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Samantha Power, who has built her career as a supposed humanitarian advocating a 'responsibility to protect' civilians, laid the blame not on the Israeli military but on fighters in Gaza who had fired rockets that rarely hit anything besides sand. 
At the United Nations on July 18, 2014, Power said , ' President Obama spoke with [Israeli] Prime Minister Netanyahu this morning to reaffirm the United States' strong support for Israel's right to defend itself…. Hamas' attacks are unacceptable and would be unacceptable to any member state of the United Nations. Israel has the right to defend its citizens and prevent these attacks.' 
But that universal right apparently does not extend to Syria where U.S.-supplied rockets are fired into civilian neighborhoods of west Aleppo. In that case, Power and other U.S. officials apply an entirely different set of standards. Any Syrian or Russian destruction of east Aleppo with the goal of suppressing that rocket fire becomes a 'war crime.' 
Perhaps it's expected that the U.S. government, like other governments, will engage in hypocrisy regarding affairs of state: one set of rules for U.S. allies and another for countries marked for U.S. 'regime change.' Statements by supposed 'humanitarians' – such as Samantha Power, 'Ms. R2P' – are no exception. 
But double standards are even more distasteful when they come from allegedly 'objective' journalists such as those who work at The New York Times, The Washington Post and other prestige American news outlets. When they take the 'U.S. side' in a dispute and become crude propagandists, they encourage the kind of misguided 'group thinks' that led to the criminal Iraq War and other disastrous 'regime change' projects over the past two decades. 
Yet, that is what we normally see. A thoughtful reader can't peruse the international reporting of the U.S. mainstream media without realizing that it is corrupted by propaganda from both government officials and from U.S.-funded operations, often disguised as 'human rights activists' or 'citizen journalists' whose supposed independence makes their 'propo' even more effective. 
So, it's worth noting those rare occasions when The New York Times and the rest of the MSM let some of the reality peek through. When evaluating the latest plans from Hillary Clinton and other interventionists to expand the U.S. military intervention in Syria – via prettily named 'safe zones' and 'no-fly zones' – the American people should realize that they are being asked to come to the aid of Al Qaeda. Investigative reporter Robert Parry broke many of the Iran-Contra stories for The Associated Press and Newsweek in the 1980s. You can buy his latest book, America's Stolen Narrative, either in print here or as an e-book (from Amazon and barnesandnoble.com ). The views expressed in this article are the author's own and do not necessarily reflect Mint Press News editorial policy. Be Sociable, Share!
ARTICLE

Videos 'We The People' Against Tyranny: Seven Principles For Free Government 'As I look at America today, I am not afraid to say that I am afraid.'— Former presidential adviser Bertram Gross | November 7, 2016 Be Sociable, Share! Dozens of protestors demonstrating against the expansion of the Dakota Access Pipeline wade in cold creek waters confronting local police, as remnants of pepper spray waft over the crowd near Cannon Ball, N.D., Wednesday, Nov. 2, 2016. 
As history teaches us, if the people have little or no knowledge of the basics of government and their rights, those who wield governmental power inevitably wield it excessively. After all, a citizenry can only hold its government accountable if it knows when the government oversteps its bounds. 
Precisely because Americans are easily distracted—because, as study after study shows, they are clueless about their rights—because their elected officials no longer represent them—because Americans have been brainwashed into believing that their only duty as citizens is to vote—because the citizenry has failed to hold government officials accountable to abiding by the Constitution—because young people are no longer being taught the fundamentals of the Constitution or the Bill of Rights, resulting in citizens who don't even know they have rights—and because Americans continue to place their trust in politics to fix what's wrong with this country—the American governmental scheme is sliding ever closer towards a pervasive authoritarianism. 
This steady slide towards tyranny, meted out by militarized local and federal police and legalistic bureaucrats, has been carried forward by each successive president over the past fifty years regardless of their political affiliation. 
Big government has grown bigger and the rights of the citizenry have grown smaller. 
However, there are certain principles—principles that every American should know—which undergird the American system of government and form the basis for the freedoms our forefathers fought and died for. 
The following seven principles are a good starting point for understanding what free government is really all about. 
First, the maxim that power corrupts is an absolute truth. Realizing this, those who drafted the Constitution and the Bill of Rights held one principle sacrosanct: a distrust of all who hold governmental power. As James Madison, author of the Bill of Rights, proclaimed, 'All men having power ought to be distrusted to a certain degree.' Moreover, in questions of power, Thomas Jefferson warned, 'Let no more be heard of confidence in man, but bind him down from mischief by the chains of the Constitution.' As such, those who drafted our founding documents would see today's government as an out-of-control, unmanageable beast. 
The second principle is that governments primarily exist to secure rights, an idea that is central to constitutionalism. In appointing the government as the guardian of the people's rights, the people give it only certain, enumerated powers, which are laid out in a written constitution. The idea of a written constitution actualizes the two great themes of the Declaration of Independence: consent and protection of equal rights. Thus, the purpose of constitutionalism is to limit governmental power and ensure that the government performs its basic function: to preserve and protect our rights, especially our unalienable rights to life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness, and our civil liberties. Unfortunately, the government today has discarded this principle and now sees itself as our master, not our servant. The obvious next step, unless we act soon, is tyranny. 
The third principle revolves around the belief that no one is above the law, not even those who make the law. This is termed rule of law. Richard Nixon's statement, 'When the President does it, that means it is not illegal,' would have been an anathema to the Framers of the Constitution. If all people possess equal rights, the people who live under the laws must be allowed to participate in making those laws. By that same token, those who make the laws must live under the laws they make. However, today government officials at all levels often act as if they are royalty with salaries and perks that none of the rest of us are afforded. This is an egregious affront to the citizenry. 
Fourth, separation of powers ensures that no single authority is entrusted with all the powers of government. People are not perfect, whether they are in government or out of it. As history makes clear, those in power tend to abuse it. The government is thus divided into three co-equal branches: legislative, executive and judicial. Placing all three powers in the same branch of government was considered the very definition of tyranny. The fact that the president today has dictatorial powers would have been considered a curse by the Framers. 
Fifth, a system of checks and balances, essential if a constitutional government is to succeed, strengthens the separation of powers and prevents legislative despotism. Such checks and balances include dividing Congress into two houses, with different constituencies, term lengths, sizes and functions; granting the president a limited veto power over congressional legislation; and appointing an independent judiciary capable of reviewing ordinary legislation in light of the written Constitution, which is referred to as 'judicial review.' The Framers feared that Congress could abuse its powers and potentially emerge as the tyrannous branch because it had the power to tax. But they did not anticipate the emergence of presidential powers as they have come to dominate modern government or the inordinate influence of corporate powers on governmental decision-making. Indeed, as recent academic studies now indicate, we are now ruled by a monied oligarchy that serves itself and not 'we the people.' 
Sixth, representation allows the people to have a voice in government by sending elected representatives to do their bidding while avoiding the need of each and every citizen to vote on every issue considered by government. In a country as large as the United States, it is not feasible to have direct participation in governmental affairs. Hence, we have a representative government. If the people don't agree with how their representatives are conducting themselves, they can and should vote them out. However, as the citizenry has grown lazy and been distracted by the entertainment spectacles of modern society, government bureaucrats churn out numerous laws each year resulting in average citizens being rendered lawbreakers and jailed for what used to be considered normal behavior. Local institutions are to liberty what primary schools are to science; they put it within the people's reach; they teach people to appreciate its peaceful enjoyment and accustom them to make use of it. Without local institutions a nation may give itself a free government, but it has not got the spirit of liberty. 
Unfortunately, we are now governed by top-heavy government emanating from Washington DC that has no respect for local institutions or traditions. 
These seven vital principles have been largely forgotten in recent years, obscured by the haze of a centralized government, a citizenry that no longer thinks analytically, and schools that don't adequately teach our young people about their history and their rights. 
Yet here's the rub: while Americans wander about in their brainwashed states, their 'government of the people, by the people and for the people' has largely been taken away from them. 
The answer: get un-brainwashed. 
Stand up for the founding principles. 
Make your voice and your vote count for more than just political posturing. 
Never cease to vociferously protest the erosion of your freedoms at the local and national level. 
Most of all, do these things today. 
If we wait until the votes have all been counted or hang our hopes on our particular candidate to win and fix what's wrong with the country, 'we the people' will continue to lose. 
Whether we ever realize it not, the enemy is not across party lines, as they would have us believe. It has us surrounded on all sides. 
Even so, we're not yet defeated. 
We could still overcome our oppressors if we cared enough to join forces and launch a militant nonviolent revolution—a people's revolution that starts locally and trickles upwards—but that will take some doing. 
It will mean turning our backs on the political jousting contests taking place at all levels of government and rejecting their appointed jesters as false prophets. It will mean not allowing ourselves to be corralled like cattle and branded with political labels that have no meaning anymore. It will mean recognizing that all the evils that surround us today—endless wars, drone strikes, invasive surveillance, militarized police, poverty, asset forfeiture schemes, overcriminalization, etc.—are not of our making but came about as a way to control and profit from us. 
It will mean ' voting with our feet ' through sustained, mass civil disobedience. 
As journalist Chris Hedges points out, 'There were once radicals in America, people who held fast to moral imperatives. They fought for the oppressed because it was right , not because it was easy or practical. They were willing to accept the state persecution that comes with open defiance. They had the courage of their convictions. They were not afraid.' 
Ultimately, as I make clear in my book Battlefield America: The War on the American People , it will mean refusing to be divided, one against each other, by politics and instead uniting behind the only distinction that has ever mattered: 'we the people' against tyranny. The views expressed in this article are the author's own and do not necessarily reflect Mint Press News editorial policy. Be Sociable, Share!
ARTICLE

Videos Could US Elections Be Stolen? Election Integrity Activists Say Yes 'If it's a close election, the cheaters are going to win,' says Mark Crispin Miller, a professor of media studies who's spent years combing through U.S. election results for evidence of electronic voting machine fraud. | November 8, 2016 Be Sociable, Share! Voters use electronic voting machines at the Schiller Recreation Center polling station on election day, Tuesday, Nov. 3, 2015, in Columbus, Ohio. 
AUSTIN, Texas — Election fraud is a dangerously real possibility in the United States, but Donald Trump is wrong about how elections could be rigged under the current system. 
The Republican nominee has warned his supporters that the election could be rigged against him, and there have already been reports of Trump supporters with guns at polling places intimidating voters. Word is-early voting in FL is very dishonest. Little Marco, his State Chairman, & their minions are working overtime-trying to rig the vote. 
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 12, 2016 Crazy – Election officials saying that there is nothing stopping illegal immigrants from voting. This is very bad (unfair) for Republicans! 
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 31, 2014 
However, Mark Crispin Miller, a self-described 'election integrity activist,' dismissed Trump's claims. 
'It's basically impossible to vote ten times or fifteen times,' said the professor of media studies at New York University who has spent more than a decade studying election results. 
'Under current electronic voting systems, it's no longer really possible … to get a bunch of immigrants out there to stuff the ballot box. With a computerized system, it's extremely difficult for many people to vote even one time, much less ten or fifteen.' 
Only a couple of incidents of voter fraud or vote tampering have been found during this election, including the case of an Iowa woman who was arrested after she tried to vote multiple times for Trump , but they were quickly noticed by authorities. 
'Republicans commit that crime as often as Democrats, as it happens,' Miller said. He explained that this type of voter fraud happens so rarely, and is ultimately so ineffective, that it's almost a myth. Numerous studies have found that voter fraud , as Trump imagines it, is essentially nonexistent. 
However, as Miller noted, that doesn't mean American democracy is secure and that voters' ballots are being properly counted. 
'The attack on democracy has become much more sophisticated' A vote counter inserts a tally card from an electronic voting machine into a card readers as they count votes at the Lake County Government Center in Crown Point, Ind., Nov. 4, 2008. 
Most voters use electronic voting machines to cast their ballots, though, in a few smaller districts, they may cast paper ballots that are then counted with computerized devices. But electronic voting machines lack a paper trail that could be used to verify that votes are being counted properly, and even the optical scanners used to count paper ballots can be tampered with, Miller warned. 
Miller said he believes that rigged electronic voting machines may already have been used to steal elections. 
'I've been concerned about the vulnerability of our elections since 2000 because of the rising use of computerized voting and vote counting machinery,' Miller explained. 
In 2005, he published 'Fooled Again,' which documented evidence that the Republicans had used rigged electronic voting machines to tilt the 2004 election in favor of George W. Bush, and against Democratic nominee Al Gore. 
In 2008, he edited 'Loser Take All,' a follow-up volume containing further evidence of election rigging through electronic voting which was submitted by other electoral integrity activists and scholars. Miller summarized his findings to MintPress: 'The use of electronic voting machines and optical scanners to count votes is every bit as threatening to electoral democracy for all as the old poll taxes and literacy tests. The attack on democracy has become much more sophisticated. It's a stealth attack, very often.' 
Key evidence often comes in the form of comparing exit polls with official election day results. Without a paper trail, this is the only way activists like Miller can compare voters' stated choices to the final tally. However, some experts have warned that exit polls themselves could be flawed , limiting activists' ability to definitively prove that fraud has occurred. 
While the United States is often considered an exemplar of democracy to which other countries should or do aspire, a 2016 study by the Electoral Integrity Project found the United States trailing behind other Western countries in multiple measurements of the vitality of a democracy. Carried out by researchers from the University of Sydney and Harvard University, the study examined 180 elections held between July 2012 to December 2015 in 139 countries, and found that U.S. elections were vulnerable in multiple ways, from the influence of money in politics to frequent and worrying voting irregularities on Election Day. 
'Americans often express pride in their democracy, yet the results indicate that domestic and international experts rate the U.S. elections as the worst among all Western democracies,' Pippa Morris noted in a March analysis for The Conversation. Watch ' Could the 2016 Election Be Stolen with Help from Electronic Voting Machines? ' 
Harvey Wasserman, an Ohio-based electoral integrity activist, has also sounded the alarm about the vulnerability of electoral voting machines in a pair of books, 'What Happened in Ohio: A Documentary Record of Theft and Fraud in the 2004 Election' and 'The Strip & Flip Selection of 2016: Five Jim Crows & Electronic Election Theft.' 
In February, Wasserman told Democracy Now!'s Amy Goodman that the election is vulnerable to tampering, especially in swing states where results will be close. He explained: 'About 80 percent of the vote nationally will be cast on electronic voting machines. There is no verifiability. In six key swing states—Florida, North Carolina, Ohio, Michigan, Iowa and Arizona—you have Republican governors and Republican secretaries of state, and no method of verifying the electronic vote count. At midnight or whenever it is on election night, those two guys can go in there with an IT person and flip the outcome of an electronically counted vote within about 60 seconds.' 
Miller agreed that elections are most vulnerable in tight races. He suggested that's why the GOP has been so passionate about passing voter ID laws and other forms of legal voter suppression . 
'That's one of the purposes of vote suppression, is to shrink the pool of eligible voters so the race is as close as possible, because if it's a close election, the cheaters are going to win,' he said. 
But he also stressed there's evidence that Democrats have also fallen victim to electronic voter fraud. Ultimately, though, it's impossible to know who is responsible for vote tampering. Among other examples, Miller cited a July report from Election Justice USA , which suggested that Bernie Sanders fell victim to electronic voter fraud during the primaries. The report's authors wrote: 'Available evidence from Arizona, New York, and California suggests more than 500,000 registrations were tampered with or improperly handled. … hundreds of thousands of voters were denied the right to vote or were forced to vote provisionally. A quarter million or more provisional or affidavit Democratic ballots were not counted. Available evidence also suggests that the vast majority of suppressed voters would have voted or tried to vote for Senator Bernie Sanders.' 
'We have to spread the word about this' A sales executive with Sequoia Voting Systems demonstrates inserting a ballot into their electronic voting system in San Francisco, Dec. 5, 2007. 
Miller said his work suffers from an almost total blackout in the mainstream media, and even independent media often refuse to report on the risks of electronic voter fraud. 
'The strength of the taboo on this subject is really mind-boggling. The press has always been exceedingly hostile to any discussion of this problem, especially if it entails a focus on electronic fraud,' he said. 
'It's probably going to have to take some kind of near revolutionary movement to force [the government] to make this a real functioning electoral democracy.' 
Hope for reform isn't totally lost, though. Rep. Hank Johnson, a Democrat from Georgia, introduced a bill in September that would prohibit the government from purchasing internet-connected voting machines or machines which lack a paper trail. The legislation was inspired in part by lobbying from activists like Miller, working in concert with the National Election Defense Coalition , which Miller highlighted as one of the few NGOS effectively targeting the issue of election fraud. 
Meanwhile, social media allows Miller reach new audiences beyond the confines of mainstream media. A video he published on Friday about the risks of a rigged election had been viewed nearly 10,000 times by Monday night, and he hopes it will soon be seen by many more voters as it spreads through social media shares and word of mouth. 
'We have to talk about it, we have to spread the word about this,' he urged. 'Because only once people know the scale of the problem will there be any pressure on the parties to fix this system.'
ARTICLE

Video: 'Build The Wall!': Meet Israel's Trump Supporters MEE went to Israel to find out why some Israelis support the Republican nominee.   
With just hours to go before America elects its 45th President, MEE goes to Israel – a key foreign policy battleground – to find out why some Israelis are raving about the right-wing candidate Donald Trump:
ARTICLE

Videos Police Departments Refuse Participation In Dakota Access Pipeline Crackdown In addition to the general retreat of departments, two officers have already turned in their badges in support of the protesters.   Members of the Stutsman County SWAT watch protesters demonstrating against the Dakota Access Pipeline near the Stand Rock Sioux Reservation, as they stand next to a police barricade on Highway 1806 in Cannon Ball, N.D., Sunday, Oct. 30, 2016. 
Standing Rock, North Dakota — Widespread outrage over both the construction of the Dakota Access Pipeline and violent police crackdowns rages on. That outrage is spreading even to police agencies now returning from deployment to the reservation. Two departments have already refused to return, citing personal and public objections. As if that wasn't enough, an army of sympathizers is re-purposing social media to combat police efforts in Standing Rock. 
Minnesota's Hennepin County Sheriff's Department is among that group. Lawmakers, according to MPR News , found police activities in Standing Rock 'inappropriate'. It's to the point where they're considering rewriting legislation to avoid future deployments to incidents like the pipeline resistance. 
Police officials, of course, declined to comment on their return from North Dakota or their feelings on what's happening there. It's also made the task of rebuilding trust with the community an even loftier uphill battle. 'I do not support Sheriff Stanek's decision to send his deputies to North Dakota', says LT. Governor Tina Smith, 'nor did we approve his decision to begin with. I do not have any control over the Sheriff's actions, which I think were wrong, and I believe he should bring his deputies home if he hasn't already.' 
Smith's comments split the state's government, however, and she was targeted. Minnesota State Rep. Tony Cornish condemned Smith for prioritizing 'the rights of protesters over the needs of law enforcement', saying she should apologize to the cops. 
Sheriffs from Wisconsin's Dane County were more empathetic, pulling out and refusing to return. According to the Bismarck Tribune , Sheriff Dave Mahoney made the decision after a 'wide cross-section of the community' decried the deployment. 'All share the opinion that our deputies should not be involved in this situation', says Mahoney. Dane County's deputies were deployed to Standing Rock for around a week. Sources report Dane County wasn't involved in recent arrests, a string of which scooped up an alderwoman from Madison Wisconsin. 
Ald. Rebecca Kemble traveled to North Dakota as a 'legal observer', filming and participating in prayer ceremonies. When Morton County officers–if they cans till be called that–grabbed and arrested her for engaging in a riot. According to Kemble, no riot was happening. Other Wisconsin departments have been recalled, with at least one staying behind for a more couple weeks. 
Many other citizens have been charged for trespassing and participating in non-existent riots, including journalists. One of the most renowned reporters who's faced DAPL (Dakota Access Pipeline)- related charges was Amy Goodman of Democracy Now . Goodman's team filmed dog attacks by DAPL contractors who lacked proper K9 licenses. The contractors have also been accused of unethical surveillance, intimidation, and sabotaging the movement by attempting to make authorities believe the protesters have finally turned violent. 
Other journalists, including documentarian Deia Schlosberg, face decades in prison for filming climate activists at a separate oil project. Journalists from the independent outlet Unicorn Riot, who recently reported use of a sound cannon on water protectors, have also been arrested. 
Thousands of opponents to the pipeline have flooded Standing Rock to repel construction and police brutality. More still have taken to the internet, spreading information in the form of writing, video, photography, and art. Among the renegade tactics is using Facebook to 'check-in' at Standing Rock. According the Guardian , over a million people–even people I know–have joined the action. 
It began with a Facebook post, disclosing that Morton County sheriffs are allegedly using Facebook check-ins to track protesters. 'Checking in'–whether you're at a friend's, restaurant, or escalating resistance–pinpoints your location to a tee. Once you check in, a notification is sent out to, yes, your friends, but theoretically anyone who's capable of watching. It's yet another tool in the bag of tricks authorities have deployed against civilians, and are likely utilizing in Standing Rock. 
Some detractors have dismissed the social media action as a waste of time. An editor at The Fifth Column challenged these in a Facebook post, narrating a debate on the subject he'd had. Editor Justin King pointed out that even if the check-in's wasted two minutes of time, multiplied by hundreds of thousands, that equates to two months of wasted police work. Now imagine how ineffective the surveillance may be with millions continuously checking. 
Morton County Sheriff's, Guardian reports, called claims of police surveillance misguided 'rumors'. Morton County, by their own account, isn't 'monitoring Facebook check-ins for the protest camp or any location for that matter.' Before you trust them, consider that Facebook access for water protectors was reported as 'blocked' during a military-style raid on a camp. 
Data Collection Nationwide 
Other police departments are similarly sketchy when pressured to speak on their surveillance technologies. Wisconsin's Milwaukee PD hid the use of cell site simulators , or Stingrays, from courts for months. Stingrays mimic cellphone towers, thus tricking phones into providing all manner of user information and data 
Nearby, the Wauwatosa Police Department , despite having admitting to 'collecting and analyzing cell phone data' in its public reports, denied ever even coming close to a Stingray. It took the department 5 weeks to respond to that open records request, which is considered unusually long. It remains unknown how Wauwatosa PD, which has been blasted for lack of transparency before , collects cell phone data. 
The Hand's Fingers In Open Rebellion 
In addition to the general retreat of departments, two officers have already turned in their badges in support of the protesters. North Dakota water protector Redhawk, MintPress reports , disclosed the revelation. The individual also pointed out 'you can see it in some of them, that they do not support the police actions.' 'Some are waking up', they continued, 'we must keep reminding them that they are welcome to put down their weapons and badge and take a stand against the pipeline as well.' Hints of shame could be seen in the faces of officers who confronted protesters as they blocked them from prayer grounds. As the protesters condemned officers , some of whom looked down or off to the horizon in shame. 
The modern era of internet and technology gifts us with a plethora of ways to express ourselves, and help one another. Standing Rock is quickly becoming a stand out of that fact. Citizens, journalists, and activists are all using the internet to achieve their own goals. Whether that be spreading information being blocked, tracking police movements, sending food and rations or just voicing opinions. Standing Rock's resistance is spreading globally, with protests occurring in Europe and elsewhere. As long as construction doesn't stop, the movement won't rest.
ARTICLE

Videos Hacker Guccifer 2.0 Says Election Could Be Rigged, Promises To Monitor 'From Inside' 'I'd like to warn you that the Democrats may rig the elections on November 8. This may be possible because of the software installed in the FEC networks by the large IT companies.   A vote counter inserts a tally card from an electronic voting machine into a card readers as they count votes at the Lake County Government Center in Crown Point, Ind., Nov. 4, 2008. 
Before the recent torrent of daily Podesta email dumps brought renewed attention to Wikileaks (and accusations Julian Assange was working with the Kremlin despite his recent denial, which ultimately cost him his internet access), the media's attention was closely focused on the recently emerged hacker known as Guccifer 2.0, who claimed to be behind the hacking of the nearly 20,000 Democratic National Committee emails and other documents distributed over the summer by WikiLeaks, and who likewise was accused of cooperating with Russia. 
Earlier today, after a two week silence, Guccifer 2.0 reemerged, with a post on his blog , in which he alleges that he has information from inside the Federal Election Commission, according to which 'democrats may rig the elections.' He then adds 'this may be possible because of the software installed in the FEC networks by the large IT companies.' 'INFO FROM INSIDE THE FEC: THE DEMOCRATS MAY RIG THE ELECTIONS 'I'd like to warn you that the Democrats may rig the elections on November 8. This may be possible because of the software installed in the FEC networks by the large IT companies. 'As I've already said, their software is of poor quality, with many holes and vulnerabilities. 'I have registered in the FEC electronic system as an independent election observer; so I will monitor that the elections are held honestly. 'I also call on other hackers to join me, monitor the elections from inside and inform the U.S. society about the facts of electoral fraud.' 
It is unclear what FEC information the hacker was in possession of, or was referring to, and how he intends to observe the elections. A recent video by Bev Harris of BlackBoxVoting provided a real-time demo of the GEMS vote-fraud system, 'fraction magic,' an election theft mechanism with context and explanation. There is much more detail on the BlackBoxVoting website . 
The demonstration below used a real voting system and real vote databases and takes place in seconds across multiple jurisdictions. Over 5000 subcontractors and middlemen have the access to perform this for any or all clients. It can give contract signing authority to whoever the user chooses. All political power can be converted to the hands of a few anonymous subcontractors. It's a product. It's scaleable. It learns its environment and can adjust to any political environment, any demographic. It runs silently, invisibly, and can produce plausible results that really pass for the real thing. 
It is possible that this is the process that Guccifer is referring to, although we are merely speculating. We are confident he will provide more detail shortly. 
While we wait, watch the following video explaining how elections can be (and perhaps are) rigged.
ARTICLE

Israel Refuses Participation In Paris Peace Conference Israel said the peace conference is a distraction from the goal of direct negotiations with the Palestinians.   Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu walks out following a press conference at his Jerusalem office on Tuesday, July 14, 2015. 
A French government effort to hold a Middle East peace conference in Paris next month is off to a rocky start, with Israel summoning the French Ambassador to inform him that they oppose the effort and will not attend the Paris meeting under any conditions. 
France has been talking up the idea of trying to get a new peace process going for months, with Israeli officials expressing serious concern that the United States might not veto a French resolution on the peace process at the UN Security Council. Israeli officials today accused the conference of being a 'distraction.' 
Palestinian officials had already endorsed the conference before Israel rejected it, and Palestinian spokesman Nabil Abu Rdainah insisted that they remain in favor of holding the conference to discuss ideas for getting the peace process going whether or not Israel attends. 
French officials have not commented on Israel's refusal to participate, but probably will go ahead with the planned conference, as Israel's rejection is not a surprise. Indeed, much of the current far-right government has reacted negatively to the idea of a peace process in general, and has been particularly hostile toward the French effort throughout.
ARTICLE

Videos In 2016, Israel Demolished Over 200 West Bank Homes In Illegal Settlement Expansion 'True to Israel's entire history, it's a story of moving in where people already live and kicking them out,' noted Abby Martin, a journalist who traveled to Palestine earlier this year to document Israel's oppressive occupation.   A Palestinian man tries to stop work by an Israeli bulldozer during a protest outside the village of Deir Qaddis, near the West Bank city of Ramallah, Wednesday, July 13, 2016. The Israeli bulldozers were bulldozing land outside Deir Qaddis village near Ramallah for an apparent plan to expand a nearby Jewish settlement. 
JERUSALEM — Israel's illegal settlements in the West Bank of Gaza have expanded rapidly over the past year, seriously threatening many Palestinian communities and their farmlands. 
'This practice doesn't just mean expanding into Palestinian land,' journalist Abby Martin explained in an Oct. 31 episode of 'The Empire Files.' This week on the @EmpireFiles : @AbbyMartin investigates the eviction of Palestinian families https://t.co/rzBYBm1HAD pic.twitter.com/AnvToA9e0Q 
— teleSUR English (@telesurenglish) November 1, 2016 
When Martin traveled to the region for several weeks in August and September to report on the effects of Israel's apartheid policies on the indigenous Palestinian population, her movement around Gaza was heavily restricted by Israeli forces. 
Martin continued: 'True to Israel's entire history, it's a story of moving in where people already live and kicking them out. Wherever these new settlements are planted, they first evict the Palestinians living there and bulldoze their homes into the ground.' 
The demolition of Palestinian homes has reached record levels in recent months. Martin cited figures from B'TSelem , an Israeli NGO that opposes the occupation of Palestine, which show that over the past 10 years Israel demolished over 1,148 homes in the West Bank, leaving over 5,282 Palestinians homeless, including over 2,650 children. But in 2016, home demolitions hit a 10-year high, with over 200 homes demolished in the West Bank this year, resulting in 800 homeless Palestinians, half of whom are children. 
'Many hundreds more have orders to evacuate their homes and shops for demolition,' Martin noted. 
Demolition orders are issued through the Israeli court system, but Palestinians have little to no legal recourse to resist the orders. To make matters worse, many Palestinians never receive the notice of impending demolition in the first place. An expert on home demolitions, who gave his name as 'Qossay AZ,' told Martin: 'What they do is, they just simply place [the notice] somewhere, on the street, on a wall, on a balcony, whatever, and they would put just a rock on it, if they're courteous enough, so the wind won't blow it away. And then they would come, like, ten days after and start demolition.' 
Typically, new illegal settlements begin with just a single home built on a hilltop overlooking an existing Palestinian village. This home and any others that follow are illegal under international law , and these settlements develop without explicit approval of the Israeli government. While Israel allows the settlers to violently attack local Palestinians with impunity , but Israeli authorities react with deadly force if Palestinians try to defend themselves. 
'Villages all across the West Bank have new settlements encroaching on their residents,' Martin explained. 'Instead of building in the acres of empty land, they move in right next door, and expand into Palestinian neighborhoods.' 
The settlements expand over time, gradually forcing out more and more Palestinians. Despite their violent origins, most settlements are eventually granted official recognition by the Israeli government. 
Israeli forces and settlers frequently burn or bulldoze Palestinian olive trees, an act of genocide which destroys a crop vital to survival. Israeli soldiers also severely restrict Palestinians' access to the olive groves which remain intact. If the land falls fallow, the Israeli government can then declare it 'barren' and further expand into that territory. 
Faced with the rapid growth of illegal settlements and outposts, many Palestinians remain determined to defend their land. Martin interviewed Khaled, a Palestinian man who is from one of the last remaining families in his village. He and his family live under constant threat from Israeli settler and soldier violence. Khaled told Martin: 'We suffer continuously from the attacks by the settlers. They throw rocks at us and other similar acts of sabotage to cause us harm and damage. We face daily harassment from the settlers in order to force us to leave our homes. These repeated attacks occur constantly and are brutal.' 
Despite the violence, Khaled refuses to leave his village. He concluded: 'As long as we are staying in our home, they will not be able to achieve their goals in removing us and that is how we are protecting our land. We will not leave our homes, and we are not going anywhere. We are staying in our houses until we die.'
ARTICLE

Videos Wikileaks Founder Targets Clinton's Saudi Connection In Scathing Interview In an exclusive interview with John Pilger, Julian Assange of WikiLeaks argues that Hillary is the 'central cog" of the establishment and is funded by the same countries backing the ISIS. | November 8, 2016 Be Sociable, Share! Saudi Foreign Minister Prince Saud Al-Faisal, right, U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, center, and Kuwaiti Foreign Minister Sheikh Sabah Khaled al-Hamad Al-Sabah, left, stand together prior to a group photo before a US- Gulf Cooperation Council forum at the Gulf Cooperation Council Secretariat in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, Saturday, March 31, 2012. 
Last week, Julian Assange, Editor-In-Chief of WikiLeaks, sat down with John Pilger, Australian journalist and filmmaker, for what is arguably Assange's most provocative interview ever . During the interview, Assange expounded on the thousands of Clinton emails WikiLeaks has released this past year, highlighting the findings that he personally found to be most significant. According to Assange, the most significant emails in the entire collection involve Clinton's connections to Saudi Arabia and Qatar who she knew were funding the Islamic State and other radical jihadist groups in the Middle East. Despite this, Clinton accepted millions of dollars via the Clinton Foundation from these very same countries, often demanding payments of millions of dollars for access to her and her husband. Emails showed that a Qatari representative was given five minutes with Bill Clinton for a million dollars, while Hillary was paid twelve million dollars to attend a party hosted by the Moroccan government. Pilger remarked that the fact that 'the notorious terrorist group called ISIL or ISIS is created largely with money from the very people who are giving money to the Clinton Foundation' was an 'extraordinary' revelation. The interview was also full of other scathing remarks against Clinton and her past crimes. However, Assange said that he personally feels 'quite sorry for Hillary Clinton as a person' because she seems to have been 'eaten alive by [her] ambitions, tormented literally to the point where [she became] sick.' He went on to say that Clinton is a 'central cog' of the establishment, surviving as a point of connection between the Intelligence community, Wall Street, the State Department, and wealthy foreign donors like Saudi Arabia. Assange then highlighted another significant revelation from the Podesta emails, which exposed that Obama's 2008 cabinet had been hand-picked by Citibank, one of the world's largest banks. Assange also responded to allegations that WikiLeaks is working on behalf of the Russians to support Clinton's opponent Donald Trump. In response, he argued that Trump 'would not be permitted to win' as the 'establishment,' which includes the big banks, intelligence agencies, arms companies, foreign money, the media, and even journalists themselves, are 'all united behind Hillary Clinton.' Assange then confirmed what many had already suspected, that Russia was not the source of the leaks and that Clinton's accusations to the contrary were nothing more than 'neo-McCarthy hysteria.' He reminded viewers that WikiLeaks has published 800,000 documents related to the Russian government, most of which are critical, proving that neither WikiLeaks nor Assange has any kind of relationship to the country. The latter part of the interview revolved almost exclusively around Assange's asylum in the Ecuadorian Embassy in London. Assange spoke out against the false charges against him, emphasizing the fact that he has never been charged with a crime and that the UN found that he was being 'arbitrarily detained' due to US pressure to extradite him. Assange has long feared extradition to the US where he would likely face espionage charges and perhaps the death penalty. Indeed, Julian Assange is one of the most well-known casualties of the US' horrendous and inexcusable war against whistleblowers. Though US politicians such as President Obama speak of the importance of 'freedom of speech,' Assange's situation, as well as that of Chelsea Manning and Edward Snowden , proves that freedom of speech in the US is only allowed as long as it doesn't expose the many crimes of the US government. Watch the interview below: This work by True Activist is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0 International License. Be Sociable, Share!
ARTICLE

Be Sociable, Share! (Image: Lance Page/Truthout; Adapted: th.omas, Javier Carcamo/flickr cc) 
This is what it must feel like to be on Death Row, to be waiting for the moment when the iron door clangs open for the last time and four burly guards escort you arm-in-arm to the room where your life will be extinguished. That same sense of dread hangs over the presidential election of 2016. 
No one is happy about the election and no one anticipates better days ahead. America's 'glory days' appear to be in the rearview mirror while the steady downward slide seems to be gaining pace. This year's presidential campaign has brought all the anger, anxiety and frustration bubbling to the surface. Nerves are raw, people are on edge, and the trepidation is so thick you could cut it with a knife. All the recent surveys tell the same story: Americans are sick of the mudslinging, sick of the scandals, sick of the recriminations, sick of the two party duopoly, and sick of the two candidates, the two most distrusted and reviled candidates in the country's 230 year history. This is from the New York Times: 'An overwhelming majority of voters are disgusted by the state of American politics, and many harbor doubts that either major-party nominee can unite the country after a historically ugly presidential campaign, according to the final pre-election New York Times/CBS News Poll… With more than eight in 10 voters saying the campaign has left them repulsed rather than excited, the rising toxicity threatens the ultimate victor. Mrs. Clinton, the Democratic candidate, and Mr. Trump, the Republican nominee, are seen as dishonest and viewed unfavorably by a majority of voters… After weeks of Mr. Trump's accusations that the election is 'rigged,' a little more than six in 10 of his supporters say they will accept the results as legitimate if he loses. More than a quarter of Mr. Trump's supporters say they will probably not accept the outcome if Mrs. Clinton is declared the winner, and nearly 40 percent of them say they have little or no confidence that Americans' votes will be counted properly.' ( Voters Express Disgust Over U.S. Politics in New Times /CBS Poll, New York Times) 
The growing sense of desperation in America today is palpable and it goes far beyond this one, isolated election cycle. The steady erosion of confidence in the nation's main institutions is evident in Congress's public approval ratings which seem to be stuck in single-digit territory. The public probably feels equal contempt for the Loretta Lynch Justice Department which is loaded with Clinton toadies that have done their best to quash any investigation into the illicit pay-to-play machinations at the Clinton Foundation. And, let's not forget the media which has lost whatever shred of credibility it managed to salvage after its myriad of war-promoting lies about WMD, mobile weapons labs, aluminum tubes and Assad's imaginary chemical weapons attacks, attacks that were invented from whole cloth at one of Washington's many neocon think tanks where these fake ideas are typically hatched. The Forth Estate's latest gambit is an idiotic attempt to prove that Vladimir Putin is trying to hack our thoroughly-corrupted Third World voting system to achieve some nebulous political gain. What a joke. 
No, Hillary, Putin is not gaming the system like you did in the primaries with Bernie Sanders, nor did he put a gun to your head and force you to delete the 33,000 missing emails from your private server. That was your handiwork Ms. Clinton, although you have a done a masterful job in deflecting attention from yourself and passing the buck for your own sleazy, criminal activities onto Moscow. 
But, back to the media. This from Gallup: 'Americans' trust and confidence in the mass media 'to report the news fully, accurately and fairly' has dropped to its lowest level in Gallup polling history, with 32% saying they have a great deal or fair amount of trust in the media. This is down eight percentage points from last year. Gallup began asking this question in 1972, and on a yearly basis since 1997. Over the history of the entire trend, Americans' trust and confidence hit its highest point in 1976, at 72%, in the wake of widely lauded examples of investigative journalism regarding Vietnam and the Watergate scandal. After staying in the low to mid-50s through the late 1990s and into the early years of the new century, Americans' trust in the media has fallen slowly and steadily. It has consistently been below a majority level since 2007… Bottom Line:…the slide in media trust has been happening for the past decade. Before 2004, it was common for a majority of Americans to profess at least some trust in the mass media, but since then, less than half of Americans feel that way. Now, only about a third of the U.S. has any trust in the Fourth Estate, a stunning development for an institution designed to inform the public.' ( Americans' Trust in Mass Media Sinks to New Low , Gallup) 
'Designed to inform the public'??? 
You gotta be kidding? Droopy confidence in the media is a triumph for ordinary working people who have begun to see through the charade of 'unbiased coverage' and realize that the corporate owners of the press manipulate the news to shape perceptions and maintain their stranglehold on power. That's what's really going on, and that's why a growing number of people have swarmed to Donald Trump's campaign. They see Trump's lack of political correctness as a sign that he is not owned by the Washington oligarchy of racketeers who invent teleprompter candidates like Obama and Clinton who are never certain what they actually believe until they see it printed in bold letters on the screen in front of them. 
To large extent, Trump owes his shocking rise to the top of the GOP ticket to the fact that he shoots from the hip and that the media hates him. What was once a liability, has become an asset as trust for the despised media has plunged to depths never seen before. 
But that doesn't explain what's really driving this election and why are the American people so overcome by desperation? 
It's all about economic insecurity. It's all about the fact that standards of living are slipping, that an entire generation is bogged down with student debt, that all the good-paying jobs have been shipped to other countries, that family incomes are shriveling, that a good portion of the population feel threatened by immigration, that health care costs have skyrocketed, that retirement plans have been postponed, and that the great bulk of the nation's wealth has been transferred to the 1 percent plutocrats and Wall Street landsharks who dictate policy through their Congressional lackeys and their allies at the Federal Reserve. That's what the election is really all about. 
People are waking up to the fact that the American dream is dead, that the US is no longer the land of opportunity, and that the lives of their children are going to be worse than their own, far worse. This is why everyone is so upset, so frustrated, so hopeless. They are looking for a political ally who will address their needs, and instead they get bromides on transgender bathrooms or 'glass ceilings' or any of the other soothing slogans the Democrats use to pacify the masses and to keep them in the flock. Only now it's not working as well. Now a sizable portion of the blue collar vote has shifted into Trump's camp mainly because they see through the phony Democrat rhetoric and all the job-eviscerating free trade deals they've pushed for years. Trump has skillfully tapped into the collective psyche of millions of working people who feel the Democratic Party tossed them under the track-hoe 30 years ago and never looked back. And, he's right, too. The Dems have sold out their supporters, and it's only going to get worse under Clinton, or should we say, Madame TPP. Here's how Nile Bowie summed it up in a recent article at CounterPunch: 
'Economic disempowerment and political disenfranchisement have accelerated under President Obama, to the detriment of the American middle class. White, blue-collar Americans have witnessed the offshoring of their jobs and the erosion of their status in society, and Trump has masterfully stroked their resentment and discontent by playing on their fears of Muslims, immigrants and minorities… Trump's real problem with the Washington establishment is that he isn't part of it. His campaign represents an insurgent faction of the oligarchical class that aims to displace and replace the standing political elites. Bipartisan opposition to Trump is grounded in the belief that he would be an unreliable proxy and a liability, someone too narrow and unpredictable to manage the common affairs of the ruling class and the US deep state. Moreover, the US establishment is not interested in being led by such a contentious figure, who would draw protest and public opposition in a way that more conventional establishment candidates largely do not. For example, Trump's rhetoric on immigration seems to engender more public outrage than the immigration policy under Obama, who has deported more people than any other president in history.' ( Election 2016: A Political System In Crisis , Nile Bowie, CounterPunch) 
The big money guys don't like Trump, and they make no bones about it. But Trump isn't going away and neither are his followers, a vast number of whom will not respect the results of the election if Hillary wins. That's a big problem for elites who like to manage the population through the popular election sham. Now all that's at risk. 
And it's not like Trump hasn't bent over backwards to ingratiate himself with the deep-state powerbrokers either. He has. His first olive branch to the elites was the selection of Mike Pence as his running mate. Pence is a died-in-the-wool establishment Republican neocon who can be trusted to pursue the same extremist agenda the GOP has followed since the Gingrich revolution. But there was another big move that Trump made that escaped the notice of the media and which really underscores his willingness to 'play by to the rules.' Here's the story from Zero Hedge: 'Six months ago, Steven Mnuchin became finance chair for the Trump campaign. Having successfully helped to raise 10s of millions of dollars for the campaign, the former Goldman Sachs partner and Soros Fund management employee is now positioned for something much larger as Donald Trump reportedly told his aides today that he wants Mnuchin to serve as his Treasury Secretary. 
Ironically, Trump has often criticized Clinton (and his former competitor Ted Cruz) for their links to the big banks: 
'I know the guys at Goldman Sachs. They have total, total control over him. Just like they have total control over Hillary Clinton,' Trump said in one debate. 
But as we noted previously, he had no qualms, however, in hiring one of the most prominent Goldman alums to raise money for him. 
…for Trump, a self-professed 'anti-establishment' candidate, who has repeatedly stated he is not 'for sale to special interest groups', his sudden call for the seemingly most 'Wall Street' of Wall-Streeters to become Treasury Secretary may come as a big surprise to some and will leave many of his supporters demanding an explanation.' ( Trump Wants Former Goldman Partner And Soros Employee To Serve As Treasury Secretary , Zero Hedge) 
Another head of Treasury from G-Sax? 
That figures. 
Trump is great with the rabble-rousing 'take back your country' tirades and all the gibberish about the 'rigged' system. But he also knows how to cave in when it suits his interests. He knows he's not going to be president without Wall Street's nod, so he's enlisted a trusted insider to take care of business at Treasury. It's a signal to the bigwigs that they don't have to worry about the Donald going off the reservation. (wink, wink) So much for Trump's independence, eh? 
And what can we say about Hillary Clinton that hasn't been said a million times before? 
Clinton, who still holds a slim lead in most of the polls, is clearly the establishment candidate in a year when hatred for the corrupt Washington oligarchy, has reached levels not seen in the last hundred years. The fact that Hillary can run for the nation's highest office while being investigated by the FBI, while being savaged by the daily releases of new, incriminating emails (from WikiLeaks), and while promoting a hawkish, neocon-driven foreign policy that portends a direct military confrontation with Russia, speaks to the fact that traditional liberal Democrats are either still hoodwinked by the Democratic Party's manipulation of identity politics or simply terrified of the alternative, Donald Trump. 
And that's why everyone is so utterly dejected and depressed about the election, because instead of voting for a candidate they really want or admire, most people are simply voting for the candidate that either disgusts or scares the hell out of them the least. What kind of choice is that? 
In less than 48 hours, the most agonizingly-wretched campaign of all times will be over, the ballots will be counted, and the new president will be named. The only thing that is certain is that, whoever wins, we lose.
ARTICLE

Videos American And Saudi Weapons Recoverd From ISIS Positions In Mosul An anonymous Iraqi official recently stated that front line troops 'always see US helicopters flying over the ISIL-controlled areas and dropping weapons and urgent aids for them.' | November 8, 2016 Be Sociable, Share! This Wednesday, Feb. 25, 2015 photo shows, photos of gunsmith Bahktiyar Sadr-Aldeen as a child, center, and his father, right, hung on a wall at his shop, in northern Iraq. Sadr-Aldeen, has seen his business shoot up by 50 percent since ISIS took over the Iraqi city of Mosul. 
Mosul, Iraq — Since the beginning of Operation: Inherent Resolve, the Islamic State has shown itself to be a very shadowy force. Many people assume they know where the group originates, with some admitting to it's connection to US foreign policy decisions and regional allies. Others ignore this, and even the curious will only go so far. Now, as the group's stronghold in Mosul is surrounded, Iraqi forces find yet more IS stockpiles of Saudi and American weapons and supply. 
Mosul has been under assault by Iraqi forces for around a month now, as they clash with IS. The offensive followed a surge in US troops to Iraq , the majority being special forces and accompanying marines. Exactly what those forces will be doing is unclear. Shortly after the battle's activation, a US Navy SEAL was reported KIA (Killed In Action) by an IED blast . Officials were careful not to directly connect the operatives death with the Mosul battle. 
Five other Americans– three marines , a Delta Force operative and another Navy SEAL –and a Canadian special forces soldier have died since 2014. This is only that we know of, since the statuses of thousands of military contractors and other forces are unknown. 
Iraqi militia commander Uday al-Khaddran reported the weapons after capturing former Islamic State positions. According to GeoPolitics Alert , the weapons are of Saudi origin, and are by no means an isolated incident. Iraqi forces have reported Saudi and even American supplied ISIS weaponry and food shipments since the war began. Militiamen believe the weapons are, in part, being transported by the Turkish government. 
US manufactured missiles were also allegedly retrieved from the cleared IS area's. In this case, according to Reports Afrique , Iraqi commanders believe the weapons were dropped to ISIS by coalition planes . Such claims, once again, have circulated throughout the war. 
An anonymous Iraqi official recently stated that front line troops ' always see US helicopters flying over the ISIL-controlled areas and dropping weapons and urgent aids for them.' The commander went onto claim ISIS fighters are even transported by US aircraft to medical facilities in Syria and countries friendly to the group. 
In 2015, Iraqi commanders reported they'd begun shooting down coalition craft seen aiding the group. Iraq's parliament disclosed that year that two British planes seen aiding the enemy were shot down, with wreckage photographed . The government of Iraq called on western leaders to claim the crash, but no response ever came. 
Commander Al-Khaddran also accuses the Turks of sending advisors to aid in IS artillery, and other operations. Since these kinds of reports first surfaced nearly two years ago, they've been largely disregarded. It's only recently, with Hillary Clinton's email leaks allegedly confirming Saudi Arabia funds ISIS, that the mainstream can re-examine these reports. 
Turkish special forces operatives have been stationed outside Mosul for months now without Iraq's approval. Turkey's prime minister was brazen in telling Iraqi's leadership to 'know your place' when asked to pull troops out. American officials, who also train Syrian rebels in Turkey–the majority of which are linked to jihadist groups–approve of the forces in northern Iraq. All of these operations, from rebel training to Turkish troop deployments, have coincided with a brutal government crackdown on Turkish media . 
Clinton was emailing her campaign chairman in 2014, advocated for pressure on Saudi Arabia because they 'are providing clandestine financial and logistical support to ISIL and other radical Sunni groups in the region.' Saudi government officials, Daily Caller reports , has donated over $25 million to the Clinton Foundation.
ARTICLE

Despite Widespread Concerns, DOJ Spreads Election Monitors Thin 2013 gutting of Voting Rights Act means fewer full-access election observers will be stationed at polling places. | November 8, 2016 Be Sociable, Share! Inflatable figures direct voters at the Santa Clara County Registrar of Voters, Oct. 24, 2016, in San Jose, Calif. 
The 2013 gutting of the Voting Rights Act means the U.S. Department of Justice (DOJ) will deploy just 500 election monitors to polling places in 28 states on Tuesday—hundreds less than in 2012, and imbued with limited powers. 
The DOJ made its announcement Monday amid escalated concerns about voter intimidation and discrimination . 
'The bedrock of our democracy is the right to vote, and the Department of Justice works tirelessly to uphold that right not only on Election Day, but every day,' said Attorney General Loretta Lynch. 'The department is deeply committed to the fair and unbiased application of our voting rights laws and we will work tirelessly to ensure that every eligible person that wants to do so is able to cast a ballot.' 
But the U.S. Supreme Court's decision in Shelby County, Alabama v. Holder , which struck down parts of the 1965 Voting Rights Act (VRA), means that work will be curtailed as compared with previous years. 
The 500 personnel will be deployed in 67 jurisdictions across 28 states; in 2012 there were 780 monitors sent to 51 jurisdictions in 24 states. 
Not all the DOJ officials will have the full powers of election 'observers.' As Reuters explains : Most of those states will receive Justice Department staff who have no statutory authority to access polling sites as a result of a 2013 Supreme Court decision that struck down parts of the Voting Rights Act, curtailing the department's ability to deploy election observers with unfettered access to the polls. […] Courts have granted the Justice Department permission to deploy full-access observers in five states: Alaska, California, Louisiana, New York, and Alabama. But the court order for Alabama only pertains to municipal elections and it is not on the list of states where the Justice Department is deploying poll watchers this year. The Justice Department staff who are deployed to the other 24 states on Tuesday will be election 'monitors', who must rely on local and state authorities to grant them access to polling locations. 
Bloomberg notes that the DOJ was able to send observers to 13 states in 2012. 
According to the DOJ, the agency's Civil Rights Division will monitor the election on the ground in the following 67 jurisdictions: Bethel Census Area, Alaska;
ARTICLE

| November 9, 2016 Be Sociable, Share! 
BETHLEHEM (Ma'an) — A bill preventing supporters of the Boycott, Divestment, and Sanctions (BDS) movement from entering Israel was authorized on Monday for its first reading in the Israeli parliament, according to Israeli media. 
According to the Jerusalem Post , the interior committee of the Knesset, Israel's parliament, approved the bill, which was initiated by Knesset Member Yinon Magal from the ultranationalist Home Party, paving the way for the bill to enter its first reading in the Israeli Knesset. 
The bill would allow individuals supporting a boycott against Israel to be banned from entering the country. 
The BDS movement was founded in July 2005 by a swath of Palestinian civil society as a peaceful movement to restore Palestinian rights in accordance with international law through strategies of boycotting Israeli products and cultural institutions, divesting from companies complicit in violations against Palestinians, and implementing state sanctions against the Israeli government.The move came after several months of Israeli efforts to crack down on the BDS Movement. Israeli Minister of the Interior Aryeh Deri and Minister of Public Security Gilad Erdan announced in August that they were forming a joint task force to 'expel and ban the entry of BDS activists' into Israel and the occupied Palestinian territory. 
'We must not allow BDS activists to enter the state of Israel. This is a necessary step, given the malicious intentions of these activists to delegitimize and spread lies and distortions about the reality in our region,' Erdan was quoted as saying in a statement released at the time, adding that the boycott movement against Israel 'must have a price.' 
'Fighting against Israeli boycotts starts by fighting those who undermine the state of Israel,' Deri also said at the time. 
'We have a responsibility to do everything possible to crush any boycott and to state clearly that we will not allow the State of Israel to be harmed. Forming the task force is an important step in that direction.' 
Without citing any names, the statement estimated that 'hundreds' of pro-Palestinian activists and dozens of organizations were currently in Israel 'to gather information and use it to boycott Israel, and harm its citizens,' and that the task force would also try to prevent the entrance of activists in the future. 
The statement also alleged that BDS activists traveled to the occupied West Bank and East Jerusalem to 'incite' Palestinians. 
The announcement led to outcry from groups like the International Solidarity Movement (ISM), which believed they were the targets of the newly-formed task force.'Isolation of Palestinians by denying access and/or deporting human rights activists aims to make Palestinian communities already vulnerable and suffering from abuse…even more vulnerable,' ISM said in a statement in response to the plans of forming the task force .'We condemn Israeli suppression of Palestinian nonviolent resistance. This recent attempt to further isolate Palestinians indicates the occupation authorities' unwillingness to do the only thing that will actually bring an end to Israel's isolation — to adhere to international law, end the occupation and grant Palestinians their rights.'ISM argued that its foreign activists play a crucial role in trying to prevent Israeli army violence against Palestinians.'As a civilian population living under military occupation Palestinians in the occupied territories are promised protection under International law,' the group said in its statement. '(Foreign) civilians have been attempting to fill in the gap created by the failure of governments and official international bodies to provide protection and fulfill their obligations.'We find that our presence sometimes results in reducing the level of lethal force used by the Israeli military against unarmed Palestinians.'The boycott, divestment, and sanctions (BDS) movement against Israel has gained momentum over the past year, with activists targeting companies that act in compliance with Israel's illegal occupation of East Jerusalem and the West Bank. 
In late July, the Black Lives Matter movement — which denounces police violence against African-Americans in the United States — came out in support of BDS , stating that it was committed to 'global struggle, solidarity, and support of the Boycott, Divest and Sanction (BDS) movement to fight for freedom, justice and equality for Palestinian people and to end international support of the occupation.'The Israeli government, meanwhile, has grown increasingly concerned about the growth of the BDS movement, as the movement's support base has expanded to include companies, universities and religious institutions around the world divesting from organizations complicit in Israel's violation of Palestinian rights. 
In January, the Israeli Knesset held a conference to discuss ways to combat BDS , and dedicated 100 million shekels ($26 million) of the government's 2016 budget to the issue.In May, Israel issued a travel ban on BDS cofounder Omar Barghouti , a permanent resident in Israel, as Mahmoud Nawajaa, the general coordinator of the Palestinian BDS National Committee, stated at the time that the decision reflected 'the lengths [Israel] will go to in order to stop the spread of the non-violent BDS movement for Palestinian freedom, justice and equality.' 
More recently, Israel's Parliament, the Knesset, passed a controversial NGO 'transparency bill' into law on July 12 , compelling organizations to reveal their sources of funding if more than half came from public foreign entities — a law which human rights groups and opposition Knesset members condemned for seeking to 'silence criticism' of Israel and delegitimize left-wing groups .Opposition leader in the Knesset Isaac Herzog of the Zionist Camp party then slammed the law for 'symbolizing the budding fascism that is rising and flourishing in Israeli society' and making a 'mockery' of the 'right to organize, which is a sacred founding principle of a democratic society.'
ARTICLE

Videos #NoDAPL Spills Over: Musicians Boycott Dakota Access Pipeline CEO's Record Label & Festival 'I do not play for oil interests. I do not play for companies who defile nature, or companies who attack demonstrators with trained attack dogs and pepper spray,' declared singer-songwriter Jackson Browne. Be Sociable, Share! A water protector stares down police off highway 134, October 27. (Photo: Derrick Broze) 
AUSTIN, Texas — When it comes to the Dakota Access pipeline, musicians want to stop the music. 
Kelcy Warren, CEO of Energy Transfer Partners, the corporation building the controversial $3.8 billion pipeline, also owns Music Road Records, a small record label which presents the annual Cherokee Creek Music Festival in Austin, Texas. 
The Indigo Girls announced in September that they would not be playing at the next festival, slated for May 2017. 
Reaffirming their support for ' Standing Rock, the Standing Rock Sioux, their friends and allies in protecting their sacred land and water by stopping the construction of the Dakota Access Pipeline and all pipelines that carry dirty oil and threaten massive ecosystems, ' the folk rock duo also encouraged other musicians to cancel their plans to perform at the festival. 
Emily Saliers, one half of the Indigo Girls, recently explained that she hadn't realized Warren was responsible for both the pipeline and the music festival until a fan alerted her to the connection via Facebook. 
'Once we found out, we immediately started talking about what can we do to rectify the situation and our presence in something that is completely the antithesis of what we stand for as artists and as allies for Native communities,' Saliers told Democracy Now! host Amy Goodman on Thursday. 
In addition to playing at the festival twice, Saliers and her musical partner, Amy Ray, also contributed a song to a tribute album published by Music Road to honor the legacy of singer-songwriter Jackson Browne. Saliers and Ray said they reached out to Browne and the other musicians on the album, then contacted Warren to inform him of the growing boycott. VIDEO: Emily Saliers of the @Indigo_Girls reads letter to #DAPL CEO Kelcy Warren, urging him to halt construction on Dakota Access pipeline pic.twitter.com/gD98Uu7rdY 
— Democracy Now! (@democracynow) November 4, 2016 
Ray read from the letter to Warren on Democracy Now!: 'Sadly, we realized that the bucolic setting of your festival and the image it projects is in direct conflict with the proposed Dakota Access pipeline, a project your company, Energy Transfer Partners, is responsible for spearheading. This pipeline violates the Standing Rock Sioux nation's treaty rights, endangers the vital Missouri River, and continues the trajectory of genocide against Native peoples.' 
In a statement published by Indian Country Today Media Network , Browne vowed to donate all the profits from the Music Road tribute album to the Standing Rock ' water protectors .' Like Saliers and Ray, Browne said he'd been unaware of Warren's involvement in the pipeline when he met him and agreed to have Music Road produce the album. He continued: 'I do not play for oil interests. I do not play for companies who defile nature, or companies who attack demonstrators with trained attack dogs and pepper spray. The list of companies I have denied the use of my music is long. I certainly would not have allowed my songs to be recorded by a record company whose owner's other business does what Energy Transfer Partners is allegedly doing — threatening the water supply and the sacred sites of indigenous people.' 
Amy Goodman noted in a Nov. 3 editorial co-written with Denis Moynihan that, 'Kelcy Warren is a Texas oil billionaire several times over, and might not be easily deterred by a threatened boycott.' 
The notion that Warren may not be moved by a boycott isn't stopping music fans from taking up the cause. A group of activists and fans from Denton, Texas, are asking musician Hal Ketchum to end his association with Music Road, and they're planning to protest his concert there on Wednesday night. 
In addition to dabbling in the music industry, Warren and Energy Transfer Partners also spend millions influencing U.S. elections . Energy Transfer Partners PAC spent over $869,000 in the 2014 and 2016 federal election cycles, according to OpenSecrets , a project of the Center for Responsive Politics. 
Andrew Wheat, research director at Texans for Public Justice , an Austin-based nonprofit that tracks the influence of money and corporate power, told MintPress News that Warren, himself, has spent far more influencing elections on the state level. He was awarded a position on the board of the Texas Parks and Wildlife Commission, likely due to his largesse.
