ARTICLE

By Daily News Bin | October 28, 2016 | 10 6265 SHARES 
The ranking Democrats in the House of Representatives have publicly given FBI Director James Comey a very short deadline for clarifying the intentionally vague and misleading letter he sent today and fixing the mess he's created with eleven days remaining before the Presidential election. Led by Congressman Elijah Cummings, the ranking member on the House Oversight Committee, the House Democrats have made clear that they intend to finish Comey off if he doesn't fix this in time. 
Cummings wasn't clear what the specific consequences for James Comey will be if he fails to walk back his criminal actions. But during his CNN on-air appearance on Friday night, he did make clear that Comey only has until the end of this weekend in order to find a way to rectify the mess he's made. The Democrats do not currently have majority control over the House Oversight Committee, making it difficult for them to haul Comey in for interrogation on Monday, as none of the Republicans on the committee would likely be willing to go along with it. However that can't stop Cummings and the other Democrats on the committee from immediately moving forward against Comey in other ways. 
Among the various legal paths the House Democrats can pursue are the fact that James Comey violated the Hatch Amendment which makes it a crime to use ones position as a government official to try to rig a Presidential election; there is already Department of Justice action in this regard . Comey also severely violated the FBI's own policy of never interfering in Presidential elections with less than sixty days remaining; in this instance there are just eleven days remaining. All eyes are now on Elijah Cummings and the House Democrats, who now have a clear intention of ending James Comey's tenure if he continues down this illegal path beyond the weekend. If you enjoy Daily News Bin, consider making a contribution: Contributed by Daily News Bin staff 6265 SHARES 

ARTICLE

By Daily News Bin | October 30, 2016 | 16 6626 SHARES 
Now that FBI Director James Comey is under legal fire for criminal election tampering, all bets are suddenly off. His decision on Friday to inform Congress of an investigation into Anthony Weiner's emails, which he misleadingly framed as being an investigation into Hillary Clinton, has elicited pushback from all sides. Senator Harry Reid, who serves on the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence and is in a position to know such things, has now confirmed that the FBI has been secretly investigating Donald Trump's ties to the Russian government for months. 
Reid is making this information public in order to expose the double standard by which James Comey decided to hype a non-investigation of Hillary Clinton just eleven days before election day, while keeping quiet about a very real investigation into criminal activity on the part of her opponent. Reid says that he has been privately demanding an update on the FBI's investigation of Donald Trump for months, and that Comey has been stonewalling him. This comes even after Comey made a point of publicly berating Clinton this summer during a press conference, in an attempt to obscure the fact that he was fully exonerating her in the process. 
It's not immediately clear what will happen to Director Comey, is rather unambiguously in violation of the Hatch Act. He can be immediately removed from his position by President Barack Obama, but that seems unlikely before the election. Even as it becomes increasingly clear that Comey has been willing to politicize his own job in a criminal fashion in order to influence the outcome of an election, President Obama is unlikely to be willing to create the appearance of doing the same by immediately firing Comey. However, Reid may be able to force the details of the FBI's investigation into Trump to become public before election day, thus making things fair. If you enjoy Daily News Bin, consider making a contribution: Contributed by Daily News Bin staff 6626 SHARES 

ARTICLE

By Daily News Bin | October 31, 2016 | 3 776 SHARES 
Even as the heat continues to rise on Donald Trump due to his extensive connections to the Russian government and other Russian entities, new revelations are coming out of the woodwork. Senator Harry Reid has revealed that the FBI has been investigating the Russian hackers for months whose actions benefited Trump's campaign. And now a group of respected computer scientists has uncovered the secret computer server that Trump has been using to coordinate with the Russians. 
The group of computer scientists, whose work has been verified by Slate and vouched for by other members of the cybersecurity community, initially thought they might have uncovered Russian malware. But in studying the specific patterns of data flow, they instead determined that it represented two way communication. While they can't be certain, their belief based on studying the data patterns is that these communications are emails. Another outside computer scientist was asked to verify the evidence, and he confirmed that it did indeed represent 'human-level communication.' 
So just whom has Donald Trump been privately coordinating all this time? Alfa Bank, the largest bank in Russia. 
This falls in line with the months-ago admission by Donald Trump Jr. that his father has taken on a growing and disproportionate amount of investment (read: debt) from the Russians since he entered the presidential race. Couple that admission with this new revelation that Trump has been secretly coordinating with the Russians to whom he's suddenly become so egregiously in debt, and it becomes clear why Senator Reid has outed the ongoing secret FBI investigation in question. Read the extensive Slate investigation into Donald Trump's Russian server. If you enjoy Daily News Bin, consider making a contribution: Contributed by Daily News Bin staff 776 

ARTICLE

By Daily News Bin | November 2, 2016 | 9 14728 SHARES 
For all the fact-free cable news punditry this week about supposed momentum on the part of Donald Trump, it's easy to miss the fact that Hillary Clinton is overwhelmingly likely to win the election according to every polling average and predictive model. But even as Trump supporters and the pundits continue pointing to the turnout at his rallies (many of which are in states he's losing), it turns out Hillary Clinton just pulled off one of the biggest crowds of the entire election '“ and she did it in a key red state. 
Hillary Clinton held a rally in Arizona today, a state that hasn't been won by a Democrat in a Presidential election in a generation. It's a sign that she's still playing offense. And she's within the margin of error in the polling averages in Arizona, a sign of strength. Moreover, she managed to draw a crowd of twenty thousand people in the red state tonight, a sign of momentum. Adam Parkhomenko posted a photo to Facebook which captured the sheer size of the outdoor crowd: 
Meanwhile Hillary Clinton will be in North Carolina on Thursday and Pennsylvania and Michigan on Friday, even as Bernie Sanders heads to Ohio and President Barack Obama heads to Florida. If you enjoy Daily News Bin, consider making a contribution: Contributed by Daily News Bin staff 14728 

ARTICLE

By Daily News Bin | November 3, 2016 | 2 947 SHARES 
Most Americans know Jason Chaffetz as the rogue Republican Congressman who can get away with being as dishonest and duplicitous as he wants because his conservative district in Utah keeps reelecting him no matter what he does. He was caught using private email for work purposes while he was trying to take down Hillary Clinton for doing the same. And last week he flat out lied about an FBI letter in clear violation of federal law under the Hatch Act. But just when you think Chaffetz can't be dirtier, it turns out his campaign is literally being funded by a criminal enterprise controlled by overseas investors. 
The single biggest campaign donor Jason Chaffetz is a company called Nu Skin Enterprises. Research done by Reverb Press has revealed that it adds up to nearly six figures in total, a surreal dollar amount for a fairly obscure company to give to a single Congressmen. But despite the lack of name recognition, Nu Skin is a billion dollar pyramid scheme which pushes questionable anti-aging miracle cures. And it's been busted by the Feds for criminal behavior resulting in tens of millions of dollars in penalties. 
Bizarrely, Nu Skin Enterprises is now being bought up by overseas Chinese investors to the tune of hundreds of millions of dollars, placing the company largely under overseas control even as it's begun its illegal business practices into China. Included in the investors list: family members of former Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao. So what does this all have to do with Congressman Jason Chaffetz? In short, a busted criminal pyramid scheme now controlled by Chinese political figures has been funding its very own member of Congress from the very start of his political career. In fact, before entering politics, Chaffetz used to be an employee of the company. With each new turn, the story grows stranger. If you enjoy Daily News Bin, consider making a contribution: Contributed by Daily News Bin staff 947 

ARTICLE

By Bill Palmer | October 28, 2016 | 327 230026 SHARES 
For all the noise emanating from FBI Director James Comey's shocking decision to send a letter to Congress falsely implying that he's reopening his investigation into Hillary Clinton's emails just eleven days before the election, one might think that Comey at least knew how to cover himself. But as it turns out, not only are the emails in question not from Clinton's private email server, it's now been confirmed that they were neither sent by her or received by her. In other words, these emails have literally no connection to Hillary. 
The Los Angeles Times confirmed on Friday night that 'The emails were not to or from Clinton, and contained information that appeared to be more of what agents had already uncovered.' In other words, James Comey just got caught lying in his attempt at rigging a Presidential election. And yes, that's a severe violation of a specific federal law. 
Once the smoke clears, the FBI Director will have to explain why he not only misused his office to tamper in the election in violation the Hatch Amendment of 1993, but why he flat out lied while doing so. This new confirmation from the LA Times makes unequivocally clear that these new emails in a totally unrelated investigation of Anthony Weiner were not Hillary Clinton emails in any way shape or form. 
Even prior to this shocking new confirmation of criminal intent on Comey's part, CNN was already demanding that he resign, and MSNBC was already condemning him in the strongest way possible, even as the ranking member of the House Oversight Committee gave him a deadline to rectify his scandalous behavior. But now that's known for certain that this new FBI investigation does not involve any emails that were sent or received by Hillary Clinton, the probability has increased that Comey will end up facing criminal punishment for what can now only be defined as an act of domestic terrorism on his part. If you enjoy Daily News Bin, consider making a contribution: Contributed by Daily News Bin staff 230026 

