ARTICLE

During the height of the Cold War, the CIA attempted to develop mind control techniques with the MKULTRA program. As it happens, the Communists already had a leg up on them. We'll explore how this was done, along with some new twists.
The criticism and self-criticism technique in history This is what happens to people who joke about Chairman Mao ripping off Hillary's wardrobe.
The technique of ' criticism and self-criticism ' (kritika i samokritika) was developed during the early days of the Soviet Union . This got results. When the early Soviet show trials and purges took place, the targets would confess to committing treason—the details stretching credulity—and beg for execution. The Maoists (Chinese Communists) used it too, typically during ' struggle sessions .' Also, forced confessions were required in Vietnam for prisoners in reeducation camps .
What happened wasn't much different from a medieval inquisition. Those targeted would be badgered until they confessed to whatever it was they supposedly did. Of course, physical forms of coercion were also an option. These weren't actual trials; their fates were already decided.
The lucky ones were released and got to resume their lives as before, after their memorable reminder to toe the Party line. Others faced stiffer penalties than that: from loss of Party membership (and accompanying status) all the way up to execution. No amount of compliance or abject groveling could save them if it was predetermined that they were going to be purged or killed.
After the ordeal, survivors were surely scared witless. With their egos beaten down, they were ready to do as they were told without question. It's basically a form of brainwashing. As for those who were executed after that, the purpose of going through the motions was for benefit of the audience. It was political theater, convincing those present that they were delivering justice to wrongdoers, and serving as an example of what could happen to those who step out of line.
Other than that, the 'criticism and self-criticism' technique—badgering and forcing a confession—also was picked up in the USA during the 1960s by certain cults and oddball encounter groups. Today, we might think of these strange and humiliating rituals as a thing of the past, but the truth is that they've merely changed form . As I've noted previously , cultural Marxism is a crappy and inherently destructive 'for-export' variety of Communism, so it's no great surprise that it has adapted this technique for its purposes.
Modern witch hunts This is what happens to people who say that Bruce Jenner is actually a dude.
When people are encouraged to become incensed over even tiny things , this causes a 'walking on eggshells' atmosphere. In today's politically correct climate, it's easy to run afoul of the Thought Police. This might result in a visit to the HR Department, or a campus 'speech code' investigation. However, if the thoughtcrime is serious enough—or the target is prominent enough—then this can ignite a media circus . Also, someone could end up featured on a mailing list for Social Justice Warriors . Besides just trolling and harassment, this can result in doxxing (release of your personal information) or pressure on an employer to fire the thought criminal.
We in the Western world pride ourselves on the right to free speech. That was one of the main goals of liberalism, back in the 18th Century when liberalism was still a good thing. Actually, many 'free' countries criminalize politically incorrect speech. Even in places that don't have legal penalties for speaking your mind, it carries the risk of the loss of your livelihood . This effectively makes entire policy arguments forbidden to articulate, which naturally is the whole point. Other goals, of course, are information control and thus thought control. So much for freedom of speech! It took a few centuries, but liberals now oppose what they once stood for.
The following scenario has happened time and again. Someone points out an inconvenient truth , writes something that offends someone, donates to the 'wrong' cause, mocks a feminist's First World problems , tells an off-color joke , or even wears the wrong T-shirt . Then the feeding frenzy begins, resulting in torrents of criticism. Usually the target apologizes profusely, but loses his job no matter how abject or groveling his apologies are.
It's possible to convince a judge and twelve jurors that you're not guilty of something, but good luck getting the media or an online SJW mob to calm down and leave you alone! The traditional Communist session was better in one way. That is, they quit after breaking the target's will. A modern feeding frenzy, though, can drag on for months, even after the target has been begging for forgiveness. What goes on the Internet can stay there forever, including lies about you.
If you get caught in a Social Justice Weenie witch hunt , never apologize. Explain and clarify if you absolutely must. This is for the benefit of the uncommitted; the SJWs will already have made up their small minds about you and won't stop no matter what you do. Never let them break your frame! Instead, go on the attack. You have a right to your own opinion and to express it.
If you beg for their forgiveness, then you will be allowing them to turn their criticism into your self-criticism. Remember that groveling is unlikely to save you! Apologies are for people who actually did something wrong. Having a difference of opinion isn't wrong, despite some people's curious notions about freedom of speech.
Here are some other particulars to remember:
You can't reason with them ; online mobs don't know you and have been told that you're an evildoer. You'll probably never know exactly what was said about you, who said it, and what email list all that was on. (If you do find out, sue for defamation of character.) However, you can be sure that you've already been deemed guilty. They're not interested in the truth. SJWs have great difficulty comprehending basic logic. Many of them don't even believe in objective reality ; only their feelings are real to them. Why would the truth matter to these idiots? Finally, Social Justice Weenies are a bunch of losers . Their opinion of you matters less than that of a snotty child cursing you out. Therefore, don't let these oxygen-wasters mess with your self-esteem. Societal criticism and self-criticism Wallowing in guilt at its finest
The Frankfurt School , a Communist think tank that moved to the USA and began subverting the educational system, developed critical theory . One of their top classics was Eros and Civilization by Herbert Marcuse. It contained lots of Freudian arguments on how our society was too repressed and we needed to loosen up our morals. Another was The Authoritarian Personality by Theodor Adorno. That too contained Freudian mumbo-jumbo, smearing right wing politics with accusations of neurosis and homo Daddy issues. All told, they wrote dozens of books along those lines, some attacking Western civilization directly. These vaporings wouldn't have amounted to much, if they hadn't become trendy in academia and influenced the 1960s zeitgeist.
Meanwhile, radical feminism—the Second Wave—was starting up. This too had lots of Communist influence , another front of cultural Marxism. This also was all about criticism of our culture. This caused friction between the sexes, driving a wedge deep into the heart of society. The results included the snarky, snotty, and spoiled attitudes you've surely encountered. Worse, this caused untold misery from high divorce rates and broken homes .
This was one of several movements that became prominent during the 1960s and are still with us today. (Surely you can think of many others.) The methodology was the same—all angrily made overblown complaints about how bad society has been to them. The way they tell it, they're out fighting for their rights. The goal of cultural Marxism, though, was all about attacking our morale and softening us up. The people involved in those movements were merely tools, being used by leaders who were in it for power, money, and status.
The educational system has been dumbed down . History has been rewritten too. Figures like Christopher Columbus and the US Founding Fathers are bad guys now. Even as early as the 1980s, campuses were hell-bent in purging 'DWEMs' (their charming term for 'dead White European males') from the literary canon. None of this was really about inclusiveness; it's all about robbing our people of our heritage, making us ashamed of our accomplishments, and destroying our resolve.
The propaganda is everywhere. Television is full of social and political messages, even in shows for children , and piggybacked onto advertisements too. 'Sensitivity training' courses deliver politically correct indoctrination. College campuses are notorious for pushing propaganda. This even happens to elementary school kids. (My first exposure was in second grade.) Some of the indoctrination exercises require audience participation, such as forcing them to fill out 'privilege' checklists (with the facts cherry-picked ) to instill a sense of 'collective guilt.'
All this has worked according to plan. Many are out of touch with their roots, and don't understand that they have a heritage worth preserving. Worse, others have been infected by guilt trips. Sometimes this leads to public spectacles of wallowing in guilt; again, there's the self-criticism part.
The antidote to this is the truth. The fact is, every civilization has its good points and its bad points, and ours is no exception. It's rotten hypocrisy for the bullshit merchants in academia and the media to dwell on our faults and overlook those of other parts of the world, while selectively ignoring our accomplishments and elevating those of others . The truth is that none of our shortcomings or misdeeds are solely found in Western civilization, but some of our good characteristics are indeed unique.
You can protect your children by home schooling them or sending them to a private school where they won't be indoctrinated. You can always get rid of your TV too. Meanwhile, though, millions of other students will be putty in the hands of propagandizing professors and teachers, and of course the lying media. Those pushing this from the top down must be called out, exposed, and removed from power.
Read More: 13 Common SJW 'Arguments' And How to Dismantle Them 


ARTICLE

We're about to launch Red Kings Shop , which will sell ROK branded clothing. We're starting with a limited run of a basic red t-shirt. Here's a bearded fellow we hired to model the shirt…

We will do a soft launch of the store in approximately one week to those who sign up with their email address. If you want to be the first in line to get your shirt, click here for the Red Kings Shop homepage and enter your email address . The sign up will be removed in approximately 48-72 hours. 


ARTICLE

At the third debate, Donald Trump was asked if he would accept the results of the election. Trump responded that he would have to look at the process to determine if everything was done fairly before he could accept it. The media went berserk claiming that Trump was undermining democracy. But is the US system really rigged? And if it is, can Trump overcome it?
Why rig the system? The elite realize that their time is short.
Woe to the inhabiters of the earth and of the sea! for the devil is come down unto you, having great wrath, because he knoweth that he hath but a short time. Revelation 12:12
It is human nature to want to accumulate wealth. It is also human nature to want to keep what you have. One of the ways that the wealthy do that is through influencing the political process to ensure it is favorable to them. A democratic republic is particularly easy to influence. The wealthy elite can 'buy' candidates through donations to them or to their superpacs. They can make voting patterns more favorable to them by changing the country's demographics. Or they can influence voters through the supposedly unbiased news media that they control. In the US, the wealthy elite use every one of these levers to rig the system.
For example, liberal voters often favor a progressive tax system where high earners pay greater percentages than those who earn less. It sounds like a populist policy but it is not. Progressive taxation is put in place to prevent middle class people from rising into the ranks of the truly wealthy who have already accumulated their wealth and are taxed at the much lower capital gains rate. Progressive taxation keeps the rich on top and keeps the plebs down. That's why no matter which political party is in power, we are still stuck with progressive taxation.
Everything goes well as long as both parties don't rock the boat. But once you get a true wildcard like Trump, the system must spring into action to stop the threat to the established order. That's what we are seeing now. The elite are using every tool in the arsenal of the rigged system to ensure Trump does not upset their gravy train. The elite sense their time is short.
Voter Fraud 
The first way in which the election is rigged is through voter fraud. In his Gettysburg address, Trump outlined some of the ways in which this occurs:
According to Pew, there are 24 million voter registrations that in the US that are either invalid or significantly inaccurate. 1.8 million dead people are registered to vote, and some of them are voting. I wonder how that happens? 2.8 million people are registered to vote in more than one state. These are numbers folks. These are numbers. 14% of noncitizens are registered to vote.
Liberals always object to any sort of voter identification requirement. They say that it negatively affects minority voters, who may not have any identification. But this is obvious nonsense. The real reason liberals oppose voter identification is because it would make voter fraud more difficult.
By raising concerns about voter fraud, Trump is firing a warning shot. He is saying that he will fight voter fraud, unlike prior GOP candidates who preferred defeat to calling out cheating by the other side. Simply putting the Democrats on notice may cause them to cheat less than they would have otherwise. The only question is whether Trump will be able to muster enough votes to overcome the amount of cheating that will take place.
The Lügenpresse 
A second way that the system is rigged is through the legacy news media. These include the three oldest television news networks (ABC, CBS, NBC) as well as the newer ones (CNN, MSNBC, Fox). It also includes the remaining newspapers, especially the New York Times, Washington Post, and the Wall Street Journal. Of these, the only ones that are reliably conservative are Fox and the WSJ, both of which are owned by Rupert Murdock. But even here, it is more accurate to call Fox and the WSJ 'neoliberal' rather than conservative as they both push the globalist message of open borders and unenforced trade.
Trump is very media savvy. He's been in the public eye since the 1980s and his philosophy has been that no publicity is bad publicity. Trump has used this to highlight his policies. By making controversial statements, he has been able to force the media to cover his positions. Still, the nonstop smear campaign has hurt Trump's numbers particularly among older voters who still get their news from legacy sources.
New media outlets like Return of Kings, Breitbart, and Danger & Play have been more favorable to Trump but the most highly funded new media such as Daily Beast, Heat Street, Buzzfeed, and Huffington Post all push the globalist message. The end result that Trump is fighting an ocean of disinformation with only a handful of allies by his side.
Voter Discouragement Fivethirtyeight doing its best to discourage Trump voters.
Another way that that system is rigged is that the legacy media conspires to discourage Trump voters from going to the polls. One way they do this is to over poll Democrats to make it look like Trump is losing. For example, one recent poll placed Hillary 12 points higher than Trump. But even Obama was only able to beat McCain by 7 points even though he was packing stadiums of 70,000 people. And Hillary doesn't command the sort of adulation that Obama did in 2008.
There is a huge motivation gap between Trump and Clinton. Recently, Trump held a rally in Tampa where 28,000 people showed up. Some of these people waited in line for 12 hours for the chance to see Trump. A day later, Hillary hosted a rally in Florida where only 1000 people showed up. And some of those were likely paid plants. Her running mate Tim Kaine did even worse barely getting 30 people to show up for one of his events.
One day before the Brexit vote, polls showed Remain leading by 10 points. Leave ended up winning by 3.5 points.
Why does the legacy media report polls that show Trump losing by a landslide? Because it is designed to dishearten Trump voters.
Conclusion Will Trump be able to overcome the rigged system? It will be a heroic achievement if he does. One thing is certain: This is not the time to give up but to fight with all of our might. The elites want us to be discouraged, to give up hope, to lie down and die. That is the one thing we will never do. Even if the host of hell rise up to oppose you, go to the ballot box on November 8th. Regardless of what you may hear otherwise, your life will be very different under President Trump than it will be under globalist pawn Hillary.
Win or lose, our battle to bring back the patriarchy will not end on November 8 th . A Trump victory would give us breathing room to start restoring our society in the open. A Hillary victory, heaven forbid, would signal that our work will need to be underground. Either way, our battle is just beginning. In future columns I will outline the way forward for traditional men.
Read More: Did George Soros Rig The Utah Vote To Help Ted Cruz Defeat Donald Trump? 


ARTICLE

The greatest trick that feminism has pulled is to convince the masses that women are presently disadvantaged relative to men.
It is true that at first glance, men dominate every field, from business to Pokémon Go achievements , which can lead some to think that there is a conspiracy against women. But the male superiority in many fields is exactly what allows society to prosper. Years after the humiliating debunking of the wage gap, it's time to address the real elephant in the room: the fact that women don't pay taxes.
A research report on the fiscal contribution of men and women across age groups was published by the Victoria University of Wellington . Let's explore the key findings.

This is the well-known earnings gap (incorrectly referred to as the wage gap). Women's preference for low paying jobs, among others, is a factor at play here. Another factor is the amount of women working part time. The average week for women, in this research, was 28.9 hours, and 37.2 for men. The workforce participation rate did not differ between men and women in significant ways.

This is the disposable income. This is the 'income remaining after deduction of taxes and other mandatory charges, available to be spent or saved as one wishes.' You can see that progressive taxes unfairly impact males , and reduces males' disposable income near women's, although the market income was almost double that of women's. If it disproportionately affects men , you can be assured that no one will complain.

Those are the raw taxes paid by men and women. The tax gap has, oddly, never been an gender issue until now.

When the tax money received by men and women is included in the equation, you can see that for most of women's lives (except between 44 to 60), they receive more tax money than they supply the state with. Men, on the other hand, give the state more tax money than they receive from 23 to 65 years.

This is where it gets upsetting. As you can see, women's short period of positive fiscal impact doesn't come close to counter-balance an already massive overall negative impact. 'The net fiscal incidence on men is approximately zero when accumulated over all ages.' As such, society invests in young males, and they subsequently pay back society's investment. Women bear massive costs to society, while we were taught to see them as underprivileged.
By the end of her life, the average woman will cost about $150,000 to the average taxpayer. This means that an average man is extorted $150,000 in his lifetime that will be directly transferred to women. If men could use that money to their will, women would chase men as much as men chase women nowadays.
There are a few confounds that need to be ruled out. The authors mention specifically that health and education costs are almost equal for men and women. Also, the workforce percentage doesn't exceed 10% difference between men and women. Women don't spend more for children either, according to the report. Even if there were confounds that needed to be accounted for, this is not something feminists have done for the 77-cent wage gap. They have compared raw percentages without accounting for any confounding factors.
Also, these numbers do not include massive costs for the governmental budget for women's issues, that is a massive burden for the state. For instance, my local government (from a Canadian province of 8 million people) just announced a $200,000,000 plan to fight sexual violence against women , after two immigrants ding-dong-ditched women in a student house .
Add to that millions invested in sex-ed programs, in which a feminist teaches boys that porn movies tailored for them shouldn't be imitated, and that instead, that they should have their partner's pleasure in mind, while teaching the exact opposite to girls. The government takes money from males to empower women into hating men and their contribution to society.
https://t.co/Rnb9rpFW3s Québec (Canada) announces 200$ million plan against sexual violence after two FOREIGNERS touched female students
— Nicolas Kilsdonk (@nkgervais) October 29, 2016 

The data also doesn't include all the money directly and personally transferred from a man to a woman. For instance, while women make so little, they still account for 85% of all consumer purchases . And you were wondering why marketers so desperately try to appeal to women in advertisements.
A metaphor for male taxpayers and women? This is a real Danone ad. Watch it here or see my comment here .
The only defense that feminists can use, when confronted with these facts, is that women invest so much time in children. However, feminists made it very clear in the past decades that a woman's contribution to society shouldn't be based on her involvement with children. Moreover, at birth rates of half the necessary 2.1 birthrate for population stability, they're also doing the children thing pretty badly.
These findings raise a serious question: would feminism survive a libertarian regime that doesn't involve (male) tax money? After all, it is not a coincidence that women consistently vote for a welfare state. Within 10 years of women's suffrage in the USA, the government doubled their tax expenditure and revenue . Women's voting patterns have made the government become the new providing husband. But this time, the providing husband doesn't get a woman or children in return. Remove taxes, and no woman will ever claim to be a 'strong, independent woman.' The state is cucking you. A little like if prostitution was not only legal, but free . Most guys would probably be strong, independent single males.
Pretty ironic that the institution that gives money to women for being pregnant, prevents them from being paid less, makes abortions affordable… is entirely supported by men. Feminists are not seriously against living in a society entirely supported by men, they are just against men having the autonomy over the wealth they create. Male wealth is a public good and female wealth is… 'her body her choice.'
It's time we fight for equal tax.
Here are my social media accounts: Twitter , Facebook , YouTube 
Read More: Yet Another Media-Hyped Rape Accusation Is Debunked 


ARTICLE

The above photo was snapped in Ferguson as thugs burned the city down. Could we see a repeat of that fateful event and perhaps a worsening of it soon to a city near you?
The election is the focus of every news channel ad nauseum. But few people are focused on the day after the election. No matter who wins this year's presidential 'selection' the possibility of civil unrest the day after election day and beyond is a real possibility. Are you ready for chaos if it develops?
The nation is so divided we are likely to run into problems.
The ugliest scenario for the day after election day plays out if Trump wins. If Trump wins, get ready for Black Lives Matter, the Black Panthers, The Race (La Raza) and other racially motivated anti-white groups to come out and possibly start burning cities down again. After all, they have been given carte blanche all year long to do so in Ferguson, Baltimore, Charlotte, and San Jose . A worrisome precedent has been set.
Of course, Trump won't be in power the day after election day (we have to wait until Inauguration Day for him to clean up any potential messes) so Barack Hussein Obama is likely to give the racial hate groups the green light once again while the media whips out their collective Stradivarius, plays my heart bleeds for thee, and sympathizes with the devils destroying the nation.
If The Bitch wins conservative groups may clash with leftists over rights being stripped away
If Hillary wins, there's the real possibility of protests the day after the election, and the social conditioning of whites to be polite and docile even as they're railroaded in what was formerly their nation may not hold this time around. A Hillary win means the chaos and possibly violence could wait until she starts stripping constitutional rights away. Then, we are likely to see conservatives finally come out and start raising some righteous hell. There could be racially motivated clashes on the horizon as white people standing up for themselves goes against a long-established narrative that they're all evil racists.
Few people think of the effects civil unrest could have on their livelihood and well-being. It's time for a little education on just how thinly stretched the American supply chain is, and what could happen with only a short-term disruption in it.
Here's a scenario – just one of many possible scenarios. Video of rioters stopping and then looting a semi tractor-trailer in Charlotte is worrying because if trucks stop, America stops. If attacks on truckers happen often enough, truckers may decide it's not worth the risk to their lives to continue moving freight around and stop driving. Within a day, bedlam could ensue as the supply chain runs on a razor's edge in modern America and everything from food to medication to gasoline starts running out.
Supply Chain Rioters broke into trucks on I-85 and burned cargo in Charlotte
According to the American Trucking Association (ATA) a disruption of 24 to 48 hours means hospitals and nursing homes would run out of food. Fuel supplies at gas stations would also run out in that time frame. Garbage would start to pile up. Most grocery and retail stores would start to run out of food and merchandise. ATM and bank cash supplies would also run out.
The tight rope the corporate system walks quickly breaks when merchandise stops moving.
As an example, the ATA tells us this is what happens during a hurricane. Imagine what would happen with days or weeks of rioting in major cities.
In a hurricane situation, supplies that would normally last a few days, such as water, powdered milk, and canned meat, typically disappear within one day. Given these inventory rates, this means that perishable goods could be depleted in a matter of days and non-perishables in just a few days. Runs on food and non-food staples during hurricanes, and even before big winter storms, provide a good example of how fast some retail inventories can be depleted during panic buying. The same quick depletion of inventories could occur if trucks stopped making deliveries for any reason.
Panic buying means no food on the shelves. When people don't have food at home and then the grocery store doesn't have food, rioting will intensify. Things could get ugly in a hurry as one small disruption leads to a domino effect, after which Bedlam ensues.
So, it is best to be prepared with non-perishable items just in case things get out of hand. Have at least several weeks food supply on hand. But, how do you stop people from coming and taking your stash?
Be Armed The police won't be around to protect you if Bedlam ensues
Contrary to gun propaganda from the media , you absolutely want to be armed in the event the election and its aftermath don't pass peacefully. What happens when stores no longer have food and gas stations no longer have gas? Gangs form looking for homes that do have those items.
They're going to pick out the weakest home in the neighborhood and pounce.
A home with guns is a safe home. Just as this YouTube video shows , armed thugs may bust into a house looking for money or food, but they started jumping through plate glass windows and scrambling like cockroaches once the homeowner came out with guns blazing.
Several handguns with extra ammunition are advised. Know how to use them. Be steady with the trigger. And don't be afraid to use them if looters come to your house.
The police will NOT be there to protect you as they'll have their hands full with the chaos.
Better To Be Safe Than Sorry The idea of an intact nuclear family may be a trite memory, but protecting your loved ones is still key
With the meltdown of America happening right before our very eyes, we are entering an unstable period in the nation's history, to say the least. No matter who wins the election the nation we once knew and loved is passing away. Trump may be able to turn things around temporarily, but even if he does the country now has so many immigrants it will be impossible to assimilate them all.
We are entering a period in which America will resemble a third world country more and more. The demographics of the nation are being changed on purpose so white people are diminished at the ballot box and Democrats will gain a lock grip on the levers of power in the nation in the coming years . Divisions between rich and poor will grow, and the evil media will be there stirring the pot with racial, class, and gender division every step of the way . Peace will become a thing of the past as squabbling factions compete with each other for dominance.
In this transition from prosperity to despotism, it is best to be safe than sorry. The day after election day will be telling in that it will set the tone for the next four years. It may be a somewhat peaceful turn towards Communism if The Bitch wins, or it may not be.
But my money is on a steady degradation of civil society in the coming years. Tend your own garden, as I know I will be tending my own. My military friends are already discussing what will happen in SHTF scenario. You should be thinking about it, too.
Read More: Has The Theft Of The 2016 Presidential Election Already Begun? 


ARTICLE

Return of Kings has a great variety of information about many subjects: improving your social life , health and fitness , tourism , among several others. Still, our political perspectives might be off-putting to some readers on the left. Although you could tune out whatever you don't agree with. you might do well to take a closer look. Not all of us agree on everything, but we do have a rough consensus on some items.
Our views on the political establishment The left blames corporations while the right blames the government, when in reality the two interests work together to subvert the will of the people
It's pretty easy to see that this site has a mainly conservative perspective, especially on social matters. Not all of us started out that way. Many of us began our journey away from the political orthodoxy after realizing what a mess feminism has made of society. Others have been turned off by political correctness. Once upon a time, I used to be liberal, and I know I'm not the only one. Be that as it may, some of us are actually friendly to liberalism .
By the way, we don't give a free pass to the mainstream conservative establishment either. Unfortunately, the government in countless ways seeks to amass power for itself while producing fear and dependency in the populace. Really, it's not a Democrat problem or Republican problem; they're basically two sides of the same coin. Heads, they win; tails, you lose.
Surely you're in favor of progress. One good question, though, is what exactly this constitutes . Also, who gets to define what is progress? All that might seem rhetorical, but these are important matters. Likely you see change as a good thing. But who's setting the agenda, deciding which direction that change goes? Actually, we have answers for all that.
In fact, we might have some more in common with you than you expect. Don't care for agribusiness? Neither do we . Are you troubled by the influence of the ultra-wealthy in the political process? We are too . Do you suspect that the powerful have set up a system of managed democracy, where they're pulling the purse strings of both the Republicans and the Democrats? (If you supported Bernie Sanders, you've probably figured that one out already!) We understand you.
Today's political and social scene 
You might be disenchanted by some of the things going on with the Democratic Party today. Perhaps you've heard of their hypocrisy and contempt for the public . Are you troubled by some of the Clinton scandals, maybe even wondered if there was more to it than you expected ?
Perhaps your questioning goes deeper; you might wonder who hijacked liberalism . It once stood for helping the working man, but some time in the 1960s it turned into so much squabbling divisiveness. Actually, there's a reason for that ; the culture war began long before the 1990s! That wasn't about liberation, but rather a deliberate attempt to spread divisiveness and weaken the fabric of society.
Also, taxpayers have spent untold money on social programs, but why don't they solve problems? Instead, they create intergenerational poverty. You might be shocked to learn that encouraging dependency, along with taxing and spending to oblivion, was actually a stratagem meant to crash the system . That's not about helping the disadvantaged; it's about using them! Schemes like these—causing societal upheaval so a Socialist paradise will magically fall into place—are pretty reckless.
You might shake your head in bewilderment at online mobs of misguided youths spewing bile about things that don't really matter. Sure, you're against police brutality (as am I), but deep down you also fear what will come of all this open contempt for the law and violence against police . The authorities take a pretty dim view of cop killers; kind of sounds like someone behind the scenes wants to start a lot of trouble, doesn't it?
Finally, you might wonder if the people on top of the liberal establishment really give a damn about the common people. We think it's rotten that they're using so many well-meaning people for the cynical ends of amassing money and power.
Likely you have some nagging concerns about what's going on in society today. Why are women both liberated and spoiled , and sometimes even hostile? Can't the feminists see that things aren't really so bad ? Sure, you're all about tolerance and have lots of gay friends, but you privately wonder if there should be sensible limits . You might be uncomfortable with all the evangelizing of 'alternative lifestyles', especially if you have children in school.
You consider the press to be the bedrock of a free society, but you have doubts about journalistic integrity . Hey, we understand. The propaganda is everywhere, even in shows for young children . The media has been feeding you bullshit all your life, and we think their lying is rotten. You deserve better than that.
Starting to reconsider? 
A die-hard Social Justice Warrior will seethe with rage for me bringing up these uncomfortable facts. Even if you're a moderate, you might be reluctant to consider any of this. We understand; rethinking deeply held beliefs is a painful process. For so many things, you'll see that what you've been told is right is actually wrong, and what is 'wrong' is really right.
Many on the left have been there before and found their way out. For me, someone explained that I'm not responsible for the world's problems. 'It's not your fault.' The endless attempts in college to ram opinions down my throat hardened my resolve. Others who've made the journey have different stories. Some got religion. Others realized that their past fanaticism has hurt others . Some wondered why decades of costly social programs haven't accomplished anything. Some came to see that preferential treatment in hiring decisions is anything but 'fairness'.
It's in your best interests to purge the misconceptions and guilt trips from your mind. Still, you don't have to abandon everything and embrace the polar opposite. Some have reached a synthesis position .
Welcome to the other side 
If you've read this far with an open mind—and checked out some of the referenced articles—then you might be confused. Perhaps you're tempted to reject our message. On the other hand, you might be shocked and even angry about what's been going on in politics and society.
We understand; enlightenment is a painful process. We're here for you. The truth hurts, but we'll do the best we can to tell it like it is, which is much more than can be said for what you'll see on television. I've merely scratched the surface here; stick with us and you'll see how deep the rabbit hole goes.
Read More: The 12 Step Social Justice Warrior Recovery Program 


ARTICLE

  Donald Trump Is The Candidate For Americans, Not Special Interests Donald Trump Is The Candidate For Americans, Not Special Interests Luke Stranahan 
Luke Stranahan is an engineer by trade and an armed patriot by inclination. He writes for Return of Kings as a leisure pursuit and an attempt to do his part to help reverse the slide into moral decrepitude of modern society. Follow him on Twitter. November 2, 2016 Politics 
Next Tuesday is the American election, and, for better or for worse, we'll pick the next President at that time (assuming we don't get mired in voter fraud and recounts), and we'll either brace for government mandated SJW enemas or bask in a temporary setback of those evil people. But, today, I want to talk on Trump once to match an article from last week, and I intend to focus on how he is the American candidate, as opposed to the special interest groups' one. 
I had a conversation last week with some people who acted as SJWs, but were later presented by a mutual friend as libertarian. The discussion immediately went nasty, with my opposition painting Trump (and anyone who supported him) as a racist and a bigot. Upon trying to determine why two of the left's ubiquitous labels were applied to me this time, I learned that their perspective was, unless you were universally for all special interest groups, you were a bigot or a racist. False Dichotomy And The American Nightmare 
The problem, I found out, was that these people have distilled the political spectrum down into a black or white situation. Either you want all refugees here from the Middle East, all the Hispanics from any country south of the border to come here freely and citizenship for those already here, and that any black people shot by police are just misunderstood and were turning their lives around, or you're a racist. There's simply no middle ground. 
They don't understand that Trump is not a special interest candidate, by which I mean that he is not going to put any minority group ahead of the rest of us at our expense, but he is not racist towards minorities, or sexist towards women. 
It is possible to be against illegal immigration, but treat Americans of Hispanic ancestry as valued citizens whom you will represent. It is possible to be against feminism, Affirmative Action, and the persecution of men for the profit of women, yet still value American women as Americans themselves. It is possible to note that some black people cause a disproportionate amount of crime, yet note that some police are racist, and see that there are bad and good cops AND bad and good black people. 
The American Dream is that all men are created equal, and that's men as in humanity, not just males. It is not that all men are equal, and there's a big difference to note here. You have the same opportunities as everyone else when you are born with the exception of disability, and I do not know anyone, myself included, that is against governmental aid for the disabled. 
What we have, instead, is the American Nightmare, where the left uses government and taxes for the most inane of causes, trying to fix any disadvantaged group's lot, real or imagined, so that things will be better. They take from the producers, and give to the non-producers so that, according to their idealistic vision, they will suddenly become productive members of society (or become addicted to the welfare tit and vote Democrat for the rest of their lives.) The Good Of The Country Over That Of The Individual 
Long gone are responsible Democrats like Kennedy who told us to ask what you can do for your country. Every recent Democratic President, from Carter to Obama, and most of the Democrat Congressmen, view the working middle class of the country as simply a group to exploit for their pet special interest groups. Trump is the first candidate in a long time who isn't for the blacks, or the gays, or the Muslims, or the feminists, or whatever, and that matters a lot. 
The reason why not being for a special interest group (which is ALL that Hillary is for, with her youth vote, black vote, women's vote, gay vote, etc.) is so important is that these groups, even put together, do not matter when it comes down to the good of the country. Don't get me wrong, there's plenty of good, hardworking black people, just like there's the same for women, and for gays, and for young people, but these hardworking folks from all these groups aren't going to be part of the BLM, or La Raza, or Lamda, because they're too busy being productive Americans. Activism is for unemployed people. 
What's going to happen if we don't placate BLM and just ignore them? They riot a bit more and some get arrested? What if we told them that people that commit crimes to protest being treated like they commit a lot of crimes is ass-backwards thinking and counter-productive to their goals? They'd quit rioting. 
What would happen if we shut the Mexican border down to illegal immigration, but made a straightforward, but strict, path to citizenship for Hispanics that wanted to be citizens? What if we said, this is America, we appreciate your culture and encourage to preserve it and your language in your children, but the national language IS English, and all business and schooling will be done in it, and in it only, and it's your choice to not learn it, but the difficulties that will arise from that choice are all on you? They'd be Americans, proud of their heritage and their legal immigration and citizenship as well. 
What would happen if we told gay people that it's cool if they have civil unions under the law, and have the same rights as everyone else, but it's not cool trying to pick a fight with a Christian bakery to make the government hall monitor come drive them out of business just because their belief in their God and that you're sinning makes you uneasy and worried that they might actually be right? 
What if we told them it's ok to do whatever you want with another consenting adult, but you don't have to try to make five-year-olds decide if they're gay or straight when they shouldn't be wondering about that till puberty hits? They'd be normal Americans who just happen to like sex with the same gender, and they'd quit pushing their agenda and being obnoxious and in the rest of our faces. 
What would happen if we talked to Muslims and said that there is a huge, deafening, silence when it comes to the subject of Islamic Terrorism from them that makes it hard to trust any of them? What if we told them that we needed their help to bring the religion out of its tacit acceptance and support of terrorism, and part of that help means supporting us vetting Muslims coming here more strictly until they are no longer statistically more likely to be terrorists than people of other religions and ethnicities? They'd go along with that and maybe realize we're fixing a problem, not hating a people. 
What would happen if we told women that feminism has all but killed modern marriage due to universal punishment of divorced men and that no punishment for false-rape accusers both makes men not trust women and insults any real rape survivor? What would happen if we told them that giving them jobs for their genitalia over their skills is destroying industries by lowering the only standard that matters, that of merit; that of excellence? 
What if we told them that gender ratios and quotas may fix the macro view of sexism, but make the man passed over for the position solely because you were female pissed as all hell towards women and, when you do that to the majority of men, you'll be just as successful, and just as hated by men as men were and were hated by you in years past? They'd realize that it's not a competition, it's a cooperation, and maybe skill should be valued over sex. 
What would happen if we stopped all these divisive issues that really don't do anything other than tear us apart and work on a better economy, on rights for all, on border security? What would happen if we simply looked at each other as Americans, and put us, all of us, first? What would happen if we ripped out the crap in the Federal government that overtaxes people, or deploys armed forces against our own countrymen? What would happen if we made the Supreme Court Constitutional again, and made term limits a reality for Congress? Maybe we could get a government for, by, and of the people again. Maybe America can indeed by great again like the man says. Conclusion 
I'm not in a special interest group. No President, outside of George W. Bush right after the September 11th attacks, that I can recall since my childhood, has been for me as an American. I've always been someone to be taxed, to be disarmed, to be hated, to be blamed. It's not racism or bigotry to want us all to be treated as equals and not be penalized for real and imagined wrongs that occurred in the past before I was born, or more recently yet with which I had nothing to do. 
I'm not part of the problem. I'm an American; the people who say I am part of the problem are the problem. Their candidate, mired in scandal, corruption, and treason, is Hillary Clinton. Mine, with a message of hope for the country, not just some groups in it, is Donald Trump.

ARTICLE

Whether you are looking to attract a long-term girlfriend or wife, or you are experimenting with shorter-term liaisons, learning the art of seduction is essential. Reams of content have been written on the topic, both on ROK and elsewhere: indeed, it's possible to get lost in a tsunami of pick-up advice.
But while it can be useful to absorb successful people's techniques, a shortcut is to observe their habits and adopt them yourself. To that end, here is a list of the top five habits I've observed in men who are great with women.
1. They take every opportunity 
Guys who are great with women recognize and take up every opportunity that is presented to them. In this way they are somewhat akin to entrepreneurs. They know that the market is in a constant state of flux, and that change is at the heart of opportunity. As such, like the speculators of pussy they are, they are never afraid to launch a takeover bid, regardless of the circumstances.
Game writers will often advise men that they should be approaching all the time. I would wholeheartedly endorse this. I would also add that however many opportunities you're taking now, there are always more to be had. I, for example, will try to get my first approach of the day in in the morning while I'm traveling to my office on the subway. There are so many cute girls on their way to work in London (or any reasonably-sized commuter city) and yet guys won't talk to them, rationalizing that it is too early, she'll think I'm crazy or whatever. In actual fact, I've probably taken more phone numbers and set up more dates through morning approaches than at any other time.
So next time you are out and about and see an attractive girl, be sure to approach her whatever the time or the circumstances. It is only by being present and open to all prospects that you will truly optimize your game.
2. They notice and follow up on IOIs 
While most game advice is centered on what the guy should do in order to attract the girl, the fact remains that there will be many times that girls will shoot you so-called 'indicators of interest', or IOIs, without you having done anything.
While I would never advise anyone to rely on these as a mainstay, I would counsel that you should always at least do your best to notice them, and to follow up with alacrity. Not only do direct IOIs frequently lead to sex, but also, if you fail to pursue a potentially-interested girl you may find yourself regretting it for a long time afterwards. Men, after all, are the more romantic gender. There are few more lasting self-inflicted wounds than the thought of that beautiful girl who smiled at you at the museum and who you just know you could have dated, had you had the courage to speak to her.
The successful seducer is always on the lookout for IOIs, therefore, and he'll execute quickly when he gets them, even if it means deviating slightly from his routine. For example, a while back I was on a subway train when I got strong direct eye contact from an attractive, petite and very feminine brunette—just my type. Once you've been in the game a while you will learn to distinguish a solid IOI from casual interest, but the best way to describe it is as that 'rabbit in the headlights' look that girls give when they are truly smitten.
Well, she was giving me that look and I knew I had to follow up. When she got of the train I went right after her, introduced myself on the platform, took her number and then left. A drink and then several awesome sex sessions ensued later. Had I not taken the time to go after her then we would never have connected.
Remember: always be willing to go after a sure thing, and never leave money on the table.
3. They stand out from the crowd 
Every truly successful seducer I have ever known has found ways to differentiate himself and stand out from the crowd. This can manifest itself in many ways, but primarily I'm talking about standing out physically (in terms of what you wear) and standing out in terms of your personality.
While the old concept of 'peacocking' is rightly maligned by both men and women these days, there can nevertheless be little argument with the fact that, all else being equal, the better dressed man will be more successful than his slacks-and-sweatshirt counterpart. A former colleague of mine who has slept with more women than anyone else I've ever met was particular about his clothes to the point of obsession.
I appreciate that this will immediately cause some people to question his masculinity ('what real man takes so much care over his clothes?') but remember that narcissism is one of the three 'dark triad' characteristics that are like catnip to women (along with Machiavellianism and psychopathy). Therefore, taking time to select a silk pocket square that contrasts dramatically with your blazer plus the right trousers and shoes will help your cause a lot—if you remember that your main aim is to stand out rather than blend in.
Your personality, too, should be larger than life. Don't be obnoxious, but as a rule of thumb try to ensure that you are louder and have more to say than the other men in the group.
4. They are dominant 
There can be no doubt that women are attracted to masculine men, and that means that to be a contender you need to be dominant. Now of course, the massive and blatantly obvious caveat here is that you should also be ultimately respectful and appreciate that no means no. Nevertheless, within these boundaries it will serve you well to ensure that your body language, your tone of voice and your general demeanor communicates dominance – both of the woman you are interacting with as well as any men in your vicinity.
The key thing here is to appear decisive and unwavering—even if secretly you aren't. For example, after you've had a couple of drinks with a girl on a date, try getting up, taking her by the hand and simply leading her to a taxi. When she questions what you're doing just say 'we're going back to my place to watch a movie.' Doing this will communicate that you have had similar success with women before and that you are not intimidated by her.
Now, in the back of your mind you may well be uncertain that she will acquiesce and that's fine – just do the actions anyway and see what happens. She's much more likely to want to go home with you if you demonstrate leadership and even if she doesn't, she will still respect you more which will pay dividends the next time you meet.
5. They don't apologize 
Highly successful seducers never apologize—or certainly not for minor social infractions anyway. The fact of the matter is you can't make an omelette without breaking eggs. If you are the kind of guy who frequently approaches women while demonstrating leadership and a certain kind of cocky-funny humor then the chances are you're going to offend someone every so often.
Now, I'm not recommending that you should be a dick—be classy and convivial in all your interactions. But the truth of the matter is that the real seducer always ruffles a few feathers in his quest for vaginal Valhalla. If someone gets offended then make a joke but don't apologize. As long as have acted lawfully then you have nothing to be sorry for.
Remember, an apology is a submission to someone else's frame—and that is never a good look.
Want to find out how to approach and seduce sexy girls? Buy my bestselling book, The Seven Laws of Seduction . For daily game advice connect with me on Twitter @Troy7Laws 
Read More: Why You Don't Deserve That Perfect 10 


ARTICLE

…not since the mini-skirt has there been something worn by so many women who should never have it on in the first place… 
— Alan Sorrentino, a sexagenarian gay man, in his letter to a local Rhode Island newspaper
A senior citizen and self-described 'short, little gay Italian' in Rhode Island has been the victim of a vicious intimidation campaign by feminists with too much time on their hands. After he wrote a newspaper letter saying that women over 20 should not wear yoga pants, the backlash against Alan Sorrentino was vitriolic. 300 women marched on his home, which was publicly shared, using the excuse that it was just a 'neighborhood protest.'
In retaliation for exercising his First Amendment rights, which you might have incorrectly thought encouraged violence given the heavy-handed feminist response, Sorrentino received threatening calls and explicit death threats. Publications such as The Washington Post regarded the shameful intimidation of an old man as some kind of fun outing. Rabid social media users and the protesters themselves also lost sight of the context of Sorrentino's letter and later comments, which pointed out that men rocking up to supermarkets in Speedos would be considered inappropriate, too.
'Violent' gay man whose fashion prescriptions in a newspaper reaching only a few thousand people are capable of disemboweling feminists and ejecting them into space.
If anything, the moronic march on Sorrentino's home and throughout his neighborhood demonstrates the paucity of real issues women have to complain about. For all the talk of the 'misogyny' and 'patriarchy' that triggered the march (pun intended), these women were able to assemble freely in one of the most liberal states in America and harass, without interruption, an old white male, albeit not a straight one. They evidently did not feel the fear they continually reference in their diatribes. Where were the Saudi-style female dress code police or the rape squads of the rape culture they always talk about to teach them a lesson? Alas, the dastardly misogyny and patriarchy must have chosen to remain invisible again!
Women tell men what to wear all the time I didn't see anyone staking out Jennie Price's home for telling her husband and other men what to wear. Image attribution: Martin Spaven.
It goes without saying that one of the biggest criticisms leveled by women towards their boyfriends or husbands is their allegedly bad fashion sense. Even beyond their relationships, women have a penchant for sticking their noses into what a man wears, from his sporting clothing and clubbing attire to his choice of bathing suit. Here in Australia, an entire media sub-industry emerged to criticize our former conservative Prime Minister, Tony Abbott, for wearing so-called 'budgie smugglers' whilst swimming and keeping fit.
Because Alan Sorrentino had 300 women obviously stalk his home for his fashion comments, should men have stalked the residence of one Jennie Price, a hack journalist from The Daily Mail ? Instead of celebrating her husband's decision to resist middle-age decline and obesity through cycling, Price penned a ridiculous piece in 2014 decrying so-called MAMILs (middle-aged men in lycra).
She joined BBC 'journalist' Dominic Casciani, who equated men taking up the amateur sport with a mid-life crisis . Notwithstanding that men in lycra wouldn't get I or my readers off, at least men wearing this fabric actually engage in exercise when they don it (in the morning, too, when fewer folks are awake to see them!). By contrast, yoga pants seem to be the default female fashion option for non-exercise more than physical exertion (or even yoga).
Naturally, had just three guys , let alone 30 or 300, made their intention to protest-cycle their way through Jennie Price's neighborhood in Britain, the police would have been called. The same can be said of any of the countless female journalists and female 'fashion experts' who have opined on what men should or should not wear. And let's not forget women telling each other what to wear. A number of females make their careers out of critiquing what other women wear, especially on the celebrity red carpet. I wonder how many times, for example, then zombie and now dead zombie Joan Rivers found her home marched on by offended feminists after she berated either a piece of female fashion attire or the women wearing it.
Sending a tweet is 'violence' but 300 people marching on someone's house is not–what world do we live in? The national debt? Nah. Terrorism? Nah. Urban crime? Nah. These folks are protesting fashion comments.
At the start of this year, I brought you the story of Holly Michelle Wood , a putrid Harvard PhD candidate and feminist, who went around calling white people 'awful.' After the now banned Milo Yiannopoulos simply retweeted Wood's criticisms of him, fellow feminist Catrin Cooper used the 'cyber violence' argument and tried to get a Twitter stooge, Michael Margolis, to alert its founder, Jack Dorsey. We would not have the time to go through even a relatively small fraction of the other instances in which women who cannot argue their position online reframe criticism as 'misogyny' or even outright 'violence.'
As Alan Sorrentino clearly feared for his safety during the march, potentially hundreds or thousands of women gave themselves excuses for calling some man disagreeing with them online or in person 'violent.' A climate now exists where whatever words certain women finds offensive becomes the basis for stopping whatever they're doing (presumably not much) and going after the person saying them in the most organized and appalling fashion.
At a minimum, the target of their fury must lose his job, reputation, and sense of personal safety to satiate their desire for revenge. In the meantime, the very act of their protest and abuse, which is not interfered with, validates the idea that women are not the targets of systematic hate or oppression in society.
As a gender, women, particularly the middle and upper middle-class women who seem to dominate these kinds of pointless, abusive protests, have nothing to complain about. Except maybe having too much time on their hands.
Read More: Yoga Pants CEO Is Attacked For Speaking The Truth About Fat Women 


ARTICLE

Home This Month Popular 6 Things Indian Guys Have To Understand When Learning Game 6 Things Indian Guys Have To Understand When Learning Game February 3, 2013 164 Comments Culture 
As a guy of Indian ethnicity there are some obstacles you have to overcome in order to have a balanced game. Circumstances can dictate what these are but following my last post a red pill infused Indian pal of mine and myself had a conversation about what these obstacles are: 1. Let go of limiting beliefs about being an Indian in the Western world 
What do I mean by 'limiting beliefs'? There is a particular mindset among Indian guys that they can only get with Indian girls. You must let go of these fears dictating that your ethnicity holds you back in what you can do. Being Indian does not mean you have to work in IT, accounting, business, construction or own a corner shop as in the same way it does not mean you have to date Indian girls. 2. Let go of your mummy's sari 
It's something I've noticed among the large Indian community here in London: there are a large number of mummy's boys, men who are afraid to stand up to their mothers and what they want themselves. No one wants to disrespect their parents but also at the same time standing up for what you want should be your primary objective. Many a man will 'settle' with their girlfriends due to pressure from their mothers. As one acquaintance said, he preempted conflict by just doing what his mother wanted, even though he does not love the girl he married. 3. Let go and expand beyond your Indian comfort zone 
Your extended family plays a large part of your life (not a bad thing), but a lot of guys also have their friends circle exclusively Indian. Expand your knowledge, gain new friends, travel, and learn new languages. It's a difficult transition to move from becoming over reliant on this little setup to independence from all influence, but it can be done and it will benefit your internal well being. The thing to remember is you are the average of the five people you spend most of your time with. It is highly likely none of your existing five friends will agree with your path into game. They will tell what is 'best for you' but in essence this is them subconsciously pulling you back down to their value as you increase your own. 4. Stop putting white women on a pedestal 
White women are easy, white women are fun, white women are flirts, white women are great at sex or white women are sluts. Whatever white women are, as an Indian guy you must stop putting them on a pedestal for being all these sexually related things that you think Indian girls are not. There is no magical things that white women do that others do not. Besides, there is not a certain place in the world where white women will see you and jump on your cock as there is not a certain Bollywood film that will make a white woman gush all wet and demand you ravage her Aryan style. White woman pedestalization can be categorized as an inferiority complex displayed by Indian men. Stop thinking you're inferior to any woman regardless of her ethnic/racial origins. 5. Understand that Indian girls are not different and are not more chaste 
Being constantly around these Indian girls at family gatherings, community events and religious events makes you programmed into believing that you will marry one for certain because of their chaste and low promiscuity. A strong belief that Indian girls don't ride the cock carousel is blind faith because they do. In fact, all women in the western world do regardless of culture and their strong family traditional values. They are women, they get pussy tingles to the same game as white, black, Asian, orange, maroon and kiwi women. They have the same subconscious processes as all women that help them place a value on a man and inevitable slamming and spunk gobbling if he passes with flying colors. In a Western society these girls have the same external pressures and influences that appeal to their inner slut as much as any other woman. Your objective as a man is not to fall into the line of romantic thinking that they are different. 6. Do not be afraid of The Man 
There's a man, a dominant man, somewhere in your family. He dictates, he dominates, and he makes the decisions. You have a fear of causing him displeasure. You do as he says as he's done the leading since your father emptied his ball sack into your mother. Stop. As much as a lot of Indian men have pressures from being mummy's little lad, there's plenty of them that disintegrate under the pressure of their fathers or uncles. Avoiding conflict is prevalent in your attitude, you do as you are told even though your mind is telling you this is not in your interest and possibly not in the wider interests of those close to you but you do it, as Uncle or Dad has told you to. 
No one is telling you to fight, but start slowly, speak out, say what you think is best for you, get out of your shell and decide how you will live your life, not how Dad thinks you should live your life. You might be scared of the conflict and dissuade yourself from it but trust me when you finally grow some balls and exude some confidence and ability in yourself, these men will respect you, see you as equal, and place trust in your decisions. 
This list could also apply to other cultures who follow similar dynamics to Indian culture, but don't stop at the above and think that's all you have to do—you still have to hit the ground running and approach just like any other guy learning game.

ARTICLE

Anyone who's been involved in the manosphere for long enough knows about the concept of a rite of passage. For tens of thousands of years, when boys hit the age of puberty, they were forced to undergo a set of challenges.
These challenges were meant to break them down, and build them back up even stronger. These challenges were meant to test them as men, and they are collectively known as an 'initiation,' or as a 'rite of passage.' When a boy successfully completed the tasks laid before him, he became a man.
Our society, for the most part, lacks these rites of passage. This is, in large part, why there is such a lack of masculinity in our culture —boys are never given a chance to develop into men. We have all of these 45 year old boyish-men running around for a reason: there exists no institutionalized rite of passage in the West.
Despite this, however, I believe that learning game is a form of initiation. It contains all of the traits necessary to turn a boy into a man. It teaches boys to develop self-confidence , despite what women think of them, to become decisive and assertive, and to remain persistent and cultivate strength of will.
Death Of The Ego 
One of the primary functions of a rite of passage, is that it destroys a boy's ego. This is necessary, for in order for him to become a man, his identification with boyhood must be destroyed. In other words, he must cease to view himself as a boy, and come to view himself as a man.
This is, in a nutshell, what most of the rites of passage were designed to do—this is why many of them simulated death, in a rather belly-of-the-whale-esque fashion. One rite of passage, of the Aborigines to be specific, entailed kidnapping a young boy from his mother.
When a boy would reach the age of puberty, the men of the village would sneak into his home during the night and kidnap him; his mother would put on a big show, screaming and fighting, to make it seem realistic. The men would blindfold the boy and take him to the middle of the woods.
He would then spend the next several months undergoing challenges; he would not see a single woman for this period of time. This sudden yanking from the 'mother-world,' of safety, and being thrust into the 'father-world' of dangerous challenges, symbolized his death as a boy.
When the boy returned home, he would view himself as a man. He would carry himself taller, he would interact with the women differently, and he would have a new sense of purpose. In many ways, as I will soon explain, game does all of these things for the men willing to learn it.
Facing Fears 
Many of these challenges that boys were forced to face involved overcoming their fears. Fear of death, fear of the unknown, and fear of failure were all overcome during these rites of passage. As an example, one Native American rite of passage involved making a boy sit, blindfolded, on a tree trunk for three days straight.
Imagine his fear as he heard the various animals during the night; the howling, the cawing, and the roaring of the animals alone would be enough to terrify even the bravest of men. Then, add in the elements of cold and wind, the bugs that must have crawled over his feet, and the fear of a rival tribe member killing him, and it becomes very apparent how brave the men of the past must have been.
Then, once three days had passed, a man of the village would come and remove the boy's blindfold. This, again, is symbolic of his rebirth; for three days straight, he was blind and helpless. Then, his vision returned and he emerged a new man.
All throughout the rites of passage of history, whether they be of the Inuits, the Amazon tribes, or the South African tribes, there are some very common characteristics: facing your fear, being reborn, and coping with uncertainty are all critical parts of these initiations.
Why Were These Rituals Necessary? 
Upon contemplation, it becomes very clear why these rituals were necessary. The world that we live in is radically different than the world that our ancestors lived in. A tribe of weak men meant extinction; there was no 'military,' or 'safety.' If the men could not protect the tribe, it would not be protected.
Imagine, right now, if a marauding band of 25 vandals roamed into your neighborhood. They were all extremely jacked, mean looking, and each one was carrying some sort of weapon; a baseball bat, a stick, or a crowbar. Do you think that you and your neighbors would have the balls to fight them off?
You, being a reader of ROK, may very well fight a noble fight—but your neighbors? I seriously doubt that a purple-haired, complaining, self-castrating feminist 'man' would be of any use during a battle such as this.
Now, try to imagine that this sort of thing happened fairly regularly for our ancestors. It was not uncommon for neighboring tribes to frequently attack you, so it was an absolute necessity that the men be trained for battle. But, being trained for battle requires more than physical strength.
It requires ferocity, it requires strength of will, decisiveness, assertiveness, and a complete lack of fear. These are the characteristics that rites of passage were meant to breed, for without them, a tribe would go extinct.
Are These Rituals Still Necessary? 
Someone might point out that we aren't at war anymore, so these rituals aren't necessary. Although I agree that we aren't in a state of constant warfare anymore, I still believe that these rites of passage are extremely necessary. Here's why.
Men and women both have distinct psychological makeups; there is no denying this, no matter how hard the Marxists cry and clamor. Men and women are different. Boys have an inherent desire to be a part of something greater than themselves, namely a tribe. Boys have an inherent desire to be welcomed into the world of men…and we aren't getting it, because there isn't even a world of men anymore.
The once sacred separation of the genders has been desecrated. Only a select handful of men's organizations still exist: the manosphere, the Freemasons, and various other spiritual organizations. It used to be commonplace for gentleman's organizations to exist everywhere, but they've become a thing of the past.
This is why, in large part, we're experiencing such a crisis of masculinity; men don't know who they are anymore. We don't have any healthy male role models. All we've got is weak men who justify their weakness with feel good aphorisms. We want more, but we don't get more.
Any man who is attuned to this can feel it; he can feel the general sense of boyishness that the adulthood of men seems to hold onto. There's no chance for us to prove ourselves. There's no dragons to slay, no enemies to fight off, and no fears to overcome.
And we're suffering. We can feel it in our bones. Not only are men unnecessary, but we don't even have opportunities to grow and develop like the men of the past. We don't have any initiations or male guidance; no men to reassure our belonging in the tribe, no obstacles to face.
Learning Game: The New Initiation? 
I believe that, although it isn't perfect, game is a phenomenal substitute for this lack of a male initiation ritual. Game provides us with many of the characteristics that you need to be a man, and it has many of the characteristics that the old rituals of the past did:
Destroys your ego Requires you to face your fears Forces you to be decisive, in times of uncertainty Develops confidence, ferocity, and a strong will Again, obviously game isn't perfect. One could certainly make the argument that one's masculinity shouldn't be contingent upon what women think, and I agree 100%. But do you know what? You may get into game for women's approval, but any seasoned player knows that you actually STAY in the game for your own personal growth.
When men first start learning game, they get into it because their sex life isn't what they want it to be. They think that learning game will get them girls, and it does. But something happens along the way—they start getting all of the sex that they could ever want, and they realize that game has changed them on a deeper level.
Game provides you with an outlet to overcome your anxiety, and to live life fearlessly ; by consistently going out and facing your fears of rejection, you develop a certain fearless mindset that bleeds into other areas of your life.
Learning game creates a whole-personality transformation, that cannot be found anywhere else. No other hobby, outlet, or activity will change you as much as game does, aside from an actual initiation conducted by the men of the past.
Game Makes You A Man 
Game will transform you from a boy into a man, for a vast number of reasons. First off, game demolishes your ego . A lot of men have this delusion that they could get any hot girl that they want, but they are forced to face reality when they actually go out and try to pull girls.
This is why so many men hate game, and can't handle it: you're forced to face reality very quickly, and most men can't take this. When you start to go out and learn game, you have one of two choices:
Accept that you suck with girls, and keep trying to improve Viscerally deny reality and perpetuate your delusions by never going out and experiencing rejection Most men choose the latter. Their ego is far too precious, and they can't handle it being challenged. Those men who do have the courage to demolish their ego, however, will end up bedding women more gorgeous than they ever imagined (take my word for it).
Second, learning game requires you to face your fears. Think of how many men have approach anxiety nowadays; do you think that this underlying anxiety might bleed into other areas of their life? Of course! So once you overcome your approach anxiety in pickup, this fearlessness will bleed into other areas of your life. In other words, you're starting to develop a totally new personality that isn't afraid of living life and taking risks.
Game forces you to be decisive in times of uncertainty. A lot of the time, in fact most of the time, you don't know whether or not a girl's friends will be okay with you. You don't know if she has a boyfriend, you don't know if she lives nearby, you don't know this, you don't know that. When it comes to game, there's a lot of uncertainty.
This is why learning game teaches you to accept uncertainty and make take decisive action in the face of it. What other skill could be more masculine? The men of the past revered this skill, because it's what their entire livelihood was based around.
You see a pack of deer 100 feet away; you don't know if you can kill them or not. Should you take the risk? An enemy tribe is attacking; should you run to your hut and get a better weapon, or pick up a rock and do what you can? You're injured and alone, but you see a nearby village; should you ask them for help? Would they kill you or heal you?
Learning to take decisive action in the face of uncertainty was a skill that every man had for millenia; his life depended on it. Now, the only way to cultivate this skill is through game or other, more extreme measures, such as fighting in a war or something (although even then, you won't have much freedom to make decisions).
All in all, game will take you from a boy to a man. It will teach you to be confident, and to become completely detached from either rejection or acceptance from women. It will help you to develop assertiveness and social calibration.
Most importantly, however, it will teach you to overcome your fears. In the words of my favorite pickup mentor: 'Learning game is an Odyssey of the mind.' It teaches you to overcome your fears, to face your lingering negative beliefs, and to grow as a man. Our society gives us no right of passage, so we've created our own. Go out and learn game, for it will change your life.
Read More: 6 Things Indian Guys Have To Understand When Learning Game 


ARTICLE

Lately, gun-free zones and gun control laws are all the rage among the globalists and liberals of all shapes (usually circular) and sizes .
Those measures, solely aimed at disarming the people and depriving them of the sacred right to defend themselves, has shown its vast ineffiency, with gun victims and terrorist attacks on the rise in those zones since no honest citizen can shoot back to stop the massacre.
Here is why I propose, once a conservative government reaches the White House, to create Fat Control Laws ('F.C.L') and Obesity-Free Zones ('O.F.Z') as obesity is indeed a more serious threat to the lives of Americans than honest citizens carrying legally purchased guns. Here are six potential benefits:
1. Simple philanthropy 
Obese people are delusional thinking that it is great to be a useless sack of shit. Nowadays, they get fed a distorted reality saying that 'big and round is beautiful' when the natural reaction, deeply branded in our DNA, is disgust, mockery and suspicion.
Fat and sedentary lifestyles kill much more than guns . The war against obesity is as important as the war on crime or drugs. Bovine people not only harm themselves but others too. By creating measures to prevent them from becoming fat or exhorting them lose weight, we are helping our common man to preserve his dignity as a human being.
In their case, sugar and salt create a dopamine rush and an addiction loop very similar to an addiction to opiates. We must show our potbellied (or barrelbellied) junkies the way as they can't take the steps themselves.
Just like with restrictions on cigarettes, if they are stupid enough to gorge themselves on calories, we must conclude that there is a severe lack of judgement on their part and prevent them from purchasing the source of their misery.
2. Preserving aesthetics and other senses 
No more eyesore of seeing fatties rolling around everywhere you go. Imagine a beach with a plethora of more feminine, attractive and thin women by banning whales in bikinis.
Our nostrils would also be free of the olfactory offence that they throw in our faces. Say goodbye to the pungent smell of fat rolls sweat at your local grocery store.
No more 280-lb SJW land whales with laboured breath sounds in waiting rooms or uncontrolled farting in the public transport like you are in a cattle train. It could be tomorrow.
3. Positive impact on children 
I do not want these people to roam free and that my future progeny can witness it and think that this is normal. Worse, if the PC politburo tells them it is beautiful to be a beached whale. Let's send them far until they get better. Out of sight, out of mind as they say.
Legal elements should be implemented against pernicious publicity aired on television and directly aimed at children, whether by the time chosen to air it or the promotion it makes of unhealthy eating.
Of course, with Fat Control Policies, kids will get bullied at school. Some will cut themselves for being called fattie. So what? Adapt and overcome or crawl in a ball and cry. The weakest has to be left behind if he does not want to save himself.
4. A healthier population You are under arrest for being an immovable, gargantuan arsehole
Fat is not a silent killer. Hundreds of thousands of people die (with a loud thud) every year of obesity-related diseases, a largely preventable cause of death worldwide. Today, 1 in 5 Americans and 1 in 11 Britons dies from being a fat arse with no self-control.
It is a fact that obesity causes death by cardiac arrest, diabetes, coronary and liver diseases, cancer, and hypertension among others. Promoting a healthy lifestyle and physical activity will create a longer life expectancy.
Physically healthier people are mentally healthier too (boost of self-esteem and confidence). Fat Control Laws will reduce mental health issues such as depression, inferiority complex or suicidal tendencies caused by obesity. That is also less money spent by the taxpayer
5. A boost for the economy 
According to a 2009 report, ham planets cost the economy $117 billion a year . And that is for the American economy alone! The number of human cattle is still growing exponentially. It inflicted more than a $325.8 billion loss to the economy in 2010.
In 2016, we can reasonably assume that the number of obese people has grown and has impacted the wallet of your average American even harder.
A fitter population, with its nutritional choices, would result in a more natural, higher-quality food industry. Smaller amounts of food produced and needed, resulting in reduced resources and materials wasted during and after its production.
We could see the end of excessive fossil fuel used to transport land walruses and their fat arse across long distances and hogging the space that could be use by three normal individuals.
Healthier, more active people are happier, more productive and successful since the cogs of the machinery are not coated in fat. An age of stronger, self-governed, high-energy men bringing a healthier society. It's YUGE!
6. A new sexual and romantic market 
It will bring a more balanced sexual arena to limit the accumulation of fat. A radical answer to the phenomenon of plummeting testosterone levels caused by high fat percentage, trimming the numbers of plump omegas and sexual market voluntary rejects.
Let's impose a healthier diet for higher numbers of attractive, thin and pretty women. Greater numbers of quality girls to choose from reduces aggressive competition, which decreases the bitch shields of thin, entitled girls.
Endless supplies of betas queuing to capture crumbs of their attention would be a thing of the past. As I said it before, 'male thirst is the root of all evil' when it comes to romantic competition.
Sexier citizens means more relationships, a peak in libido and reproduction of physically and mentally balanced individual, helping nations suffering from low birth rate.
One more element for the protection of Western society (being the most affected one) and its people, cementing the bases of a strong future, fighting globalism and the myth they try to sell us about global overpopulation.
By logical natural process, bronies, corpulent man-children and manga conventions should also disappear soon.
The Fat Control Laws 1. Segregated Obesity-Free Zones 
Our diabetic mammoths must be isolated from further propaganda and tasty treats.
This is why we should create large (VERY large) fenced areas to protect the healthy subjects, as fat is more dangerous than guns.
Let's pen the big-boned rejects in separated zones where access to junk food and other harmful products would be forbidden. Fresh water, open spaces, salad and treadmills as far as the eye could see.
BUILD THAT FENCE!
We shall call it the 'David Fatrelle Center for Porcine Rehabilitation'
2. Permits 
A permit would have to be issued (similar to a gun-carrying permit) for the purchase of junk food, high-carb snacks, soda drinks etc. After a doctor's physical exam of the patient, slim citizens would be delivered a permit with a stamp of approval, granting them access to supermarkets or venues where processed or junk food is served.
3. Mandatory workouts 
Compulsory exercise would be imposed to obese people to reach a standard BMI. We could bring it up a notch where a fine could be issued after a determined period of time if the weight loss target has not been reached.
A Steps Counter Activity tracker would have to be worn or installed on their smartphone and a quota of physical activity would have to be reached on a day to day basis.
Just like the programs for convicted criminals or drug abusers with reports to the local police station on a regular basis, the stubbornly chunky would be followed during a rehabilitation stage and their progress monitored.
4. Fat shaming 
Fat shaming works great, as we have seen before . Remember the shitstorm of the 'beach body' campaign , immediately declared thought criminals by the Body Positive Lobby or Islamic Thought Tribunal of Londonistan?
Or the cold-blooded leaflets given by anonymous though criminals to particularly adipose London Tube passengers? YUGE success.
Pourquoi ça n'existe pas? 
Fat people are a dead weight to society in all senses of the term and to compensate this burden, they must chip in one way or another and repair the harm they cause.
Fitter people means a self-aware, powerful mass that strives for greatness.
But the liberals in charge don't want that. This is why they produce massive amounts of harmful, processed food and encourage the pleb, by manipulating publicity and promoting make-believe, to remain fat, weak and above all, docile.
It's all part of a plan. Fat Control Laws are the answer to that great evil.
Read More: 6 Reasons To Date An Obese Girl 


ARTICLE

  3 More Emotions Men Should Master 3 More Emotions Men Should Master 
André is a young European who left his decaying country in 2012 for greener pastures. He enjoys exploring subterranean places, reading about a host of interconnected topics, and yearns for Tradition. November 3, 2016 Mind 
Passions and emotions are an almost bottomless pit. Start digging there and you will find new ones, or new relations between this and that tidbit of emotional content. So-called Enlightenment philosophers who tried to theorize the passions—something that had been done at greater length, actually, by Thomas Aquinas—could never agree on how many there were or even how much they exactly mattered in the course of life. 
Whether or not you have been reading my last two pieces on the topic, remember this is about mastering passions in the most general sense. This is not only about emotional restraint or seduction. Our own emotional states are the first in line, but mastering the passions is also about spotting what other people are feeling, how they can be led to a specific course of action, and what tends to make them tick. Mastering the passions is far from evident, it rather takes times and experience: the concepts and directions I am providing here aim at giving some conscious clarity about things that are by nature a bit muddy. 
Artists, though they often suffer from mental problems, are skilled at painting a particular vision in vivid colours, allowing their public to share a specific point of view and emotional state. This is something the elite know very well. Critics trashed Ayn Rand's Atlas Shrugged because they could see themselves painted there as passive-aggressive cultural parasites. Rand's novel was more cogent, and attracted more heat, than her barely original 'philosophical' pieces today sold at the cheapest price on the second-hand book market. 
More recently, the movie The Fall (2004) got backlashed by some of the mainstream media on the grounds that it depicted Hitler as 'too human.' While seeing actor Bruno Ganz pondering, eating, talking to his closest company or getting angry, the viewer could perhaps feel a bit of empathy to him. Which is, of course, unacceptable to a Left that clings to the idea of a crazy, careless, 'inhuman' dictator to be forever cast as an embodiment of evil. Hollywood directors do not like witnessing others competing with their own emotional mastery. 
We need artists, as well as qualified cultural critics, to take some distance from the mainstream propaganda disguised as entertainment and expand an alternative culture and artworks. Emotions explored in the present series can be used just that way. 1. Gratitude 
Gratitude denotes a trained and refined disposition. Being graceful means 'recognizing that the good in our life can come from something that is outside us and outside our control' (Neel Burton, Heaven and Hell , chap.8, p.61). It focuses on positive things we already have and that cannot be ascribed to our sole merit or efforts. 
The traditional world, whatever the particular cultural or religious form it was embodied into, always emphasized the necessity of being grateful. You owed your existence to God, to your family and your community. None of these goods were actually deserved, which meant you had to be grateful for them and repay them by being a dutiful member of the community as well as a dutiful father for your own children. A lot of prayers and ancient rites imply a thanksgiving for what one already has. 
Moving later in time, it is striking to see that modern progressivism breeds the exact opposite mindset. The ideology of rights make many goods granted, not a 'thank you for' but an 'I have a right to.' Neophilia (the relentless pursuit of novelty) always casts a bad shadow on what has been around for some time, as if what was coming later was always better. 
Advertisement, gossip culture, economic growth pressure, quest for victimhood lead to envy and always being more or less frustrated with what one already has, regardless of what it is. By leading us to always want more, progressivism makes us oblivious to what we already have or how it does not stem from pure individual merit—and, when it flatters the ego, it makes us complacent and far from cultivating the art of being thankful. 
Turning our backs from the modern, ungraceful mindset is easier said than done. To start with: loud-mouthed girls should be remembered they owe their nice, luxurious workplaces to the men who built them, LGBTBBQ should thank their heterosexual parents and ancestors for their very lives, anti-white black activists should remember they would not even exist had their ancestors not benefited from their white colonizers healthcare technology. Feel free to expand the list. Ultimately, I think, every person who is modern or westernized enough can be outed as ungraceful for something. 2. Trust 
A famous study showed that multiculturalism was closely correlated with defiance and a lack of trust in each other. Provided that we enlarge a bit our definition of multiculturalism, this absolutely makes sense. Some ethnic groups are especially prone to violence, and some 'minority' groups are rewarded for freely accusing the silent majority, but the hegemony of political correctness made it a taboo. Communities have been fragmented by individualism, i.e. each person looking to take as much as she can, and by an 'antiracist' white guilt that soon became an intra-white generalized suspicion of 'racism.' People do not identify anymore with the larger society and often cannot even identify with a smaller community—which makes everyone else a potential enemy. 
Yet, without trust, life becomes unbearable. If you can't go to the streets without the possibility of getting mugged by, say, BLM activists , or go to a family meal without the prospect of a lukewarm struggle with aging leftist parents, or have a relationship with a girl without the possibility of her making a false rape accusation , there aren't a lot of things you can do on the long run. Without trust in other people, you have to trust the complex of big corporations, NGO, and State institutions we call the system—and be dependent from it for things as basic as food and shelter. 
Only trust in each other can make life sustainable and long-term projects workable. To re-create trust, we have to make people accountable and bound to precise rules, reward good behaviours while punishing bad ones. Actions must bear consequences. But before neomasculinity gets into power, men should strive to establish a reputation through reliability, persistence, and a strong mindset. I could wager you have been more trusting of your Facebook friends last years than of the mainstream media , the former conveying more trustworthy information than the latter. 3. Desire 
Modern capitalism and progressivism always ran on desire. Want cheaper prices? More goods? Better goods? More TV channels to watch? More monies? More ego and thinking you are the hot shit? Well, just buy in X or do some work for Y, and here it is… um, nah, you just have to do some more, and some more, and some more. In the end, you forgot why exactly you are doing what you're doing, or why you started to watch TV. But it all started with you led to perform something, no matter how surreptitiously framed as spontaneous or normal it was. 
The system plays on desires in three ways. It sets things to be desired, things to be feared or never desired at all, and things to be consummated without end. Things to be desired include everything the advertisement wants you to desire, like a revolving credit, a new sofa, an SUV or whatever, as well as the next step of ' progress ' as it has been elaborated on the top of the pyramid. 
Things to be feared are where the system wants you to be resigned and fatalistic: did you ever feel sad to see all these girls losing themselves into a sea of fat, bitching, and SJW-propaganda spouting? Too bad, that's globalization, resistance is futile, move on! At last, things to be consummated are mainly produced to keep you busy and programmed though you are not really practising anything beyond staring at a screen. 
Lately, an important shift has been happening between the first and third ways to play on desires. Decades before, the average consumer had to desire owning more junk or being part of the 'progress': the system needed him to work and monitor his peers. Today, the junk is already everywhere, PC culture is already hegemonic, and the average American worker is no longer needed. Active desire is not needed anymore. 
Thus, the system has shifted into making the average Joe more passive. Instead of actually desiring more, the consumer should be content with surrogates of everything—pseudo-group identity with team sports, pseudo-sports with football and basket on TV, pseudo-sex with porn, pseudo-life with video games, pseudo-family life with animals, pseudo-expertise when the average libtard obnoxiously parrots the media on everything. This is Brzezinski's tittytainment in a nutshell. 
Even if you don't give up on having a real life instead of a surrogate, the system will still want you to desire things only for yourself, thus retreating into individualism, instead of trying to actually weight on the world. Either you surrender to 'the progress' or you try to ignore it before it comes for you. As if nothing could change. 
Don't let the elite frame the world according to its own interests. Desire self-realization and weighting on the course of the world. Of course, our female counterparts should desire being loving, caretaking, and definitely on our side. To conclude this series 
Once again, it is hard to sketch in a few words what could be done with passions or emotions. What I have mostly dwelled into is how those already in power manipulate them and what we could do as to take them back. If you find the topic worthy of interest, you can expand it in two directions: first, documenting yourself on a particular passion or emotion, and second, using some by stirring it with a certain aim in mind. 
In the former case, I would recommend Neel Burton's Heaven and Hell (quoted several times in the course of this series) as a point of departure. In the latter, being creative or simply assertive is up to you. Whether this looks more like efforts or self-persuasion or artistry does not matter much. 
Here, as well as in seduction, a tight framing is key. Whatever the topic, no vocabulary and no picture are really neutral, which is a problem as our perception and thinking orientation are often conditioned by these. The mastery of emotions is reinforced—and reinforces—the mastery of representations. If this sounds far-fetched, let me provide some examples of use, examples you are absolutely free to expand as it suits you. 
In the comments space, several guys here have been giving a very negative portrayal of the nice guy: he would be a fake, a 'sneaky bastard,' a 'jerk.' So guys who want to get laid or have their own interests, just as everyone else, are jerks? This looks like internalized feminist thinking. In my opinion, nice guys should elicit empathy, which goes through a positive portrayal emphasizing their willingness to respect the girl or how they were likely raised by an unmanly culture. 
A recent ROK piece about mainstream media has shown how these are making a conscious effort to hide and de-legimitate white victimhood: they paint vividly any crime where the victim is non-white and the perpetrator is, but mention no detail or do not mention at all any crime perpetrated by non-white(s) on white(s). 
The same pattern appears in the movie Elysium (2013), when the (of course) white villain mentions children she wants to protect from a mass of brown invaders, yet these children are never shown and consequently stir no empathy from the average watcher, whereas the brown-skinned are vividly depicted as humane and not responsible for their own poverty. 
Analyzing these phenomena is fine, but ultimately insufficient. Creative people on our side have to provide an alternative that includes mastered emotions. Picking up girls is part of, and gives some experience in, this wider game.

ARTICLE

The following post was sponsored by Chad Cocker and written by Matt Forney 
Everyone says that you shouldn't judge a book by its cover, but that's really difficult when the cover makes you throw up a little in your mouth. That's how I felt when I was tasked with writing a review of Chad T. Cocker's Memoirs of a Misogynist: An Erotic Novel for Men . What kind of 'man' would want to read an erotic novel? Romance and erotica are female masturbation material; trying to write a Harlequin novel men is like marketing lesbian porn to actual lesbians.
Or so I thought.
Despite the packaging, Memoirs of a Misogynist is one of the best works I've read this year. Contrary to Cocker's marketing, the novel is a examination of life as a man in modern America, filtered through the protagonist's relationships with women. While it starts slowly, Cocker's prose and honesty save the day and make Memoirs of a Misogynist absolutely worth your time and money.
From The Marquis De Sade To Neomasculinity 
Because mainstream publishing almost exclusively caters to women, underground and independent writers have turned to fill the void of male-centric literature. From braggadocios 'fratire' writers like Tucker Max and Maddox to 'loser lit' authors such as Andy Nowicki and Ann Sterzinger to our very own Roosh and Quintus Curtius, there's a surfeit of alternative writing for men who are sick of the misandry and feminism of the 'real' literary world.
Viewed against the backdrop of alternative publishing, Memoirs of a Misogynist is an odd animal indeed. When I first picked it up, I assumed it would be a tell-all memoir along the lines of Roosh's A Dead Bat in Paraguay, or a roman à clef in the fashion of Charles Bukowski's work. However, it does indeed live up to its subtitle, as much of the novel is devoted to lengthy, detailed descriptions of the protagonist's sexual encounters:
She'd also gotten used to her chastity belt, and that scared her. It still didn't sit well with her that Master had total control over her sexual gratification. Slave was constantly wet and horny, and that made her even more compliant. The orgasms that Master gave her were unlike anything she had experienced before. They were mind-blowing. Even after a year together, their sex was electric and deeply satisfying.
In the introduction, Cocker warns us that the book is 'possibly the dirtiest, most depraved, and most offensive novel you've ever read,' making me wonder if he's ever heard of 120 Days of Sodom. Still, the structure of Memoirs' plot and the skill of Cocker's prose shows that he's both acquainted with classic erotica and has actually had sex with a lot of girls. The first half of the book is reminiscent of Pauline Reage's Story of O, in which a woman is systematically trained to become a sex slave.
Interestingly, Memoirs of a Misogynist also seems inspired by Venus in Furs: not the Velvet Underground song, but the erotic novel by Leopold von Sacher-Masoch. It's from Sacher-Masoch that we derive the term 'masochism,' the tendency to derive sexual pleasure from pain (akin to how 'sadism' is derived from Sade), as the plot revolves around a man who desires nothing more than to be utterly subservient to his mistress. Severin's humiliation at the hands of his lover drives him to become a 'misogynist' in the same way that Cocker's protagonist is one:
That woman, as nature has created her, and man at present is educating her, is man's enemy. She can only be his slave or his despot, but never his companion. This she can become only when she has the same rights as he and is his equal in education and work.
(It's worth noting that Sacher-Masoch was a feminist and believed that equal relationships with women would only become possible with women's liberation. Insert your own joke here.)
Power Doesn't Care What You Need, As Long As You're On Your Knees 
Enjoying Memoirs of a Misogynist requires you to get past the initial few chapters, which read like Fifty Shades of Grey with about 30 extra IQ points. The initial plot concerns Melinda, a runaway who falls into the care of a wealthy man who goes unnamed for most of the book. After offering her room and board, the man and Melinda begin a relationship, sealed by a contract where she agrees to become his sexual plaything:
'My body is my Master's. It is his blank canvas, for him to modify as many times, and in as many different ways as he chooses.' He could hear her breath quickening as he read. 'He will control my bodily functions; most particularly my orgasms. I will only orgasm when my Master allows me.' 
What saves the book—and what kept me reading—was its depiction of the protagonist (henceforth referred to as 'Master'). Far from the masturbatory blank slate that Christian Grey was, Cocker depicts Master as a complex and conflicted character, constantly trying to rationalize the way he treats Melinda (later re-christened 'Slave'). Cocker's deft writing kept me wondering what the protagonist's motivations were all the way to the end. The book also frequently switches to Melinda's perspective; while it's usually a challenge for male writers to depict female characters (and vice versa), Cocker is skilled enough to make her compelling as well.
Where Memoirs really picks up is in the second half, which is set nearly ten years later. The focus shifts to Elizabeth Avery, a disgraced doctor stripped of her medical license after she's caught abusing a male patient. Destitute and despondent, she accepts a job as the personal physician of Master's stable of whores, his lifestyle offending her feminist sensibilities:
Doctor Avery's world was spinning. She tried to distance herself. This was just a patient, after all. She was being paid a significant amount of money for this job—the kind of money that would solve a lot of her problems. Regardless, she couldn't help but be disgusted that a woman had allowed herself to be treated this way. He'd said she consented to this. In fact, the way she looked at the man showed she clearly loved him, and was a willing participant in her modifications and degradation. The woman, or Melinda, as the man had called her, looked up at him with what the doctor could only call adoration.
Once again, it would have been easy for Cocker to depict Elizabeth as a raging, bra-burning feminist stereotype, but he agilely avoids clichés in favor of nuance. Elizabeth isn't portrayed as a fire-breathing misandrist, but as a woman who unthinkingly absorbs leftist cant and has her life ruined because of it. The final chapters of the book show Elizabeth tussling with the sexual arousal she feels working for 'Mr. X' (her name for the protagonist) and her attempts to maintain her beliefs as the evidence of her failed life piles up. I won't spoil the ending, other than to say that after finishing the book, I had to sit on it and digest it for a few days.
Each chapter of Memoirs begins with a factual statistic about the state of men and boys in America today, a jarring contrast with the depravity of the book's action. I initially wondered why they were there, but as I approached the end of the book, it all suddenly clicked. Memoirs of a Misogynist is a biting look at what our toxic sexual marketplace does to men and women. American dating is like an acid bath: no one who dives into it comes out unscathed. Even men who are successful at getting laid are affected by what they have to do to get ahead. There are no winners, no saints, and no role models: just people trying to make the best of a broken system.
As I stated earlier, Memoirs takes a while to really get going, and if you're not into lascivious descriptions of sex, the book won't appeal to you. But if you want a haunting, piercing look at the horror show of modern gender relations, Memoirs of a Misogynist is a must-buy. I can't wait to see what Cocker comes up with next.
Click Here to buy Memoirs of a Misogynist 
Advertise Your Product Or Site On Return Of Kings 


ARTICLE

Home This Month Popular 16 Tips For Having Sex With Croatian Girls 16 Tips For Having Sex With Croatian Girls February 6, 2013 78 Comments Travel Day Game 
1. Croatian girls are extremely receptive to day game. They want to be opened. Even if she has headphones and seems focused on her music, it can still go well. Same goes for girls on rollerblades ('Excuse me, where can I buy rollerblades like yours?'). 
2. Croatia is one of those places where both indirect and direct game work. Pick one that suits the venue and your personality. What I did was open indirect, chat for a couple minutes, and then hit her with a compliment about her 'positive energy' to see how she'd respond. If she smiled, I knew I was in. 
3. Girls will give you their number even if they have a boyfriend. It may not come out until the first meeting. To avoid this, when I was getting a number I'd jokingly say, 'You're not married, right?' If she had a boyfriend, she would then announce it with a guilty look on her face. 
4. Always go for the insta-date, especially if you're doing street game. Not only will this weed out flakey girls, but it gives you an opportunity to find out what she wants in life. Croatia has a lot of 'good' girls who don't drink at all and want a serious relationship. You want to dump those prospects if you're not staying long. 
5. A common issue you'll find on the first date is girls who want to bring their friends along. Don't let them or you'll get stuck in a hellish group chat. It's either a 1-on-1 date or nothing. Night Game 
6. You need to push the interaction as far as you can go. If you don't at least get a kiss, the odds that number will lead to a date is 25% or less. If you get a passionate kiss with some hand-holding at the end, over 50%. It's easy to get a number from a Croatian girl but you should resist: push for the kiss. It's similar to what you should do in America. 
7. Absolutely do not add a Croatian girl to Facebook. They are accomplished attention whores and will string you along. If you didn't at least get a phone number, you got nothing. 
8. Cockblocking is a huge problem. The best way to fight it is to be more selective about the venues you choose. Large clubs have the hottest girls, but they are harder to approach and you will end up getting cockblocked incessantly. Hipster bars have the ugliest girls, but you'll rarely get cockblocked. Experiment in the city to find something in the middle that has the best balance between beauty and attitude. So much of a successful Croatian experience will be based on the venue. Going from the best venue to the worst, you may even feel like you're in a different country. As a general rule, if you're in a club where the girls aren't genuinely excited you're a foreigner, you should go somewhere else. 
9. Since so many girls go out in pairs, it's better to roll with a wingman than solo dolo. A problem you'll face if you 're going out solo is that a girl doesn't want to leave her friend alone. What I did was approach girls whose friend was already getting hit on by another guy. 
10. Don't compliment at night . Croatian girls already have an elevated perception of themselves and get compliments all the time. They are not insecure as girls from the Baltics or Ukraine . 
11. Don't call a girl before you bang her. They rarely answer. Text instead. 
12. Croatia is slowly embracing one-night stands. With the right logistics, you should be able to get them. They are far easier than a place like Ukraine. The key here is having tight logistics. It should be so tight that you can 'take a walk' with her and be at your place to hop in for a quick drink. The girls who are most likely to go for this will be 18-23 and who want a taste of the American sexual culture. Older women will be able to resist your logistical game. 
13. Similar to the above point, all your dates should be close to your apartment. If your date venue is more than half a mile away, you're already shooting yourself in the foot. Even if a Croatian girl is playing aloof, she can turn on a dime once in a private room. 
14. The less snobby the club, the more acceptable it is to buy a girl a drink without getting 'punished' for it. Croatia isn't like other Eastern European countries where girls are generally upfront and honest with their intentions—they will play you if you give them the opportunity, especially the higher end venues. Generally speaking, as long as she didn't have a bitch face when you first approached her, you should be in the clear to buy a drink . 
15. The best game for Zagreb, the capital, is to have the best logistics possible. Sadly, Croatian girls flake more than average so you want the proximity of your apartment to act as bait for casual hangouts that turn into bangs. Unless you're dealing with an older Croatian girl who is into you, you'll have to play the numbers game and not get hung up on any one girl. Get ready to meet some hardcore female players. 
16. If you put X hours a day into day game and X hours into night game, you'll be rewarded with night game first. You can get surprisingly fast bangs at night that day game doesn't provide, mostly because aggressive night game easily screens out day girls who are simply bored but not really hankering for dick. If I go back to Croatia, I'll just move right next to a good bar.

ARTICLE

By day, I work in a scrap yard. It is not glamorous, but glamour does not pay my bills. In the evening, I teach in a welding program at a community college.
Like many others, I once bought into the fallacy that you need a piece of paper from a university to succeed in life. At the age of thirty, I graduated from a university with an undergraduate degree, and the customary debt, which came along with it. Twenty-nine years later, I see how wrong I was.
Soon after graduating, I obtained an office job and moved to a city where I knew no one. The job I was so optimistic about turned out to be like marriage to a crack whore. Each day was as if walking through a minefield full of dysfunctional women, emasculated men, drama, backstabbing, cat-fights, and every other problem associated with modern workplaces. Worse yet, the cut male managers allowed trim to be in charge resulting in a fucked up toxic culture. After three tumultuous and abusive years, I found myself unceremoniously kicked to the curb, and surprisingly relieved.
After a lengthy stint of unemployment, I landed an entry-level job in a metal fabrication company. One of the benefits offered was tuition reimbursement for work related classes. I enrolled in welding classes at night, and upgraded my skills, all on my employer's dime.
I immediately noticed a difference from my previous job. I worked exclusively with men. Except for a few token assholes, the men liked their solitude, did their jobs, and left each other alone. The work was varied, creative, and with overtime, the pay was decent. The fact that I had a work ethic, showed up every day on time, and desired to learn earned me respect quickly.
I eventually went down a different path, but returned to welding part-time as an adjunct instructor.
Welding is the joining of two metal pieces or parts by applying heat. A filler metal, or electrode, helps to make the joint. Power source supplies electricity required for heat, and a shielding gas or flux-covered electrode aids in the welding process.
The most common welding processes are Gas Metal Arc Welding (GMAW), Flux Core Arc Welding (FCAW), Gas Tungsten Arc Welding (GTAW), and Shielded Metal Arc Welding (SMAW). Of these, Gas Metal Arc Welding is the easiest to learn and offers the fastest production. Welding involves both Ferrous (steel) and Non-ferrous metals (aluminum, stainless steel).
Why Welding? 1. According to a Bureau of Labor report, the need for welders will grow by 26 percent by 2020.
2. According to a National Association of Manufacturers report, nearly 81 percent of manufacturers in the United States report that they cannot find skilled welders to meet demand.
3. The American Welding Society reports that the average age for a welder is now in the mid-fifties
4. Entry-level wages in my region average $28,000-$40,000 annually, with skilled welders earning $50,000 and more after five years in the trade.
I frequently hear from employers who are desperate for skilled welders. One plant manager told me 'there are too many computer jockeys and not enough people who can weld and turn a wrench.' Another manufacturer told me 'we have over a dozen welders retiring and no one to replace them'. Further, the school I teach at has more jobs available than they have students enrolled.
What Welders Do Welders work in manufacturing, construction, maintenance repair facilities, and service companies. Welders typically work eight-hour shifts and a five-day week, but overtime is common. Welders often perform other duties like operating metal fabrication equipment and doing assembly work.
The more skills a welder develops, the more value and earning potential he has. For example, being able to weld, cut and fit up metals, and read weld symbols and prints will command a higher wage. Becoming certified in certain weld procedures also increases a welder's wages and marketability.
Qualifications 
Welding is the quintessential blue-collar job. It is physically demanding, hot, dirty, and requires a high degree of skill. Other personal characteristics are good eyesight and hand eye coordination, good manual dexterity, and good concentration.
Training Community colleges offer affordable training for entry-level jobs in welding. Most programs are nine months, but my school also offers a sixteen-week work ready certificate in welding. Students learn common welding processes, thermal cutting processes, and blueprint reading. Unlike the typical ivory palace college professors, instructors are required to have a minimum of three years related and verifiable industrial experience. Job placement is also good.
Additional Facts 
Despite a decent paying skill in high demand, clueless parents and educators continue to dissuade young men from entering blue-collar trades like welding. The result has been an entire generation of young men ruined by hostile four-year colleges, worthless degrees, and insurmountable debt.
Perhaps you are a perceptive and bright young ROK reader considering a career change. In closing, consider these facts.
1. You will always have employment as a welder.
2. Welding skills are highly transferable. You can carry these skills to your next, and often higher paying job.
3. Unlike many white-collar corporate jobs of today, the average welder's wages increase with skill. Overtime, merit increases, and production bonuses are common benefits for welders.
4. At the end of your shift, you can leave your job at the door.
5. Welding offers a level of creativity, solitude, and seeing the fruits of your labor. Studies show that welders, machinists, and other blue-collar trades have lower suicide rates than many white-collar professions.
6. Welding is often a 'gateway trade' into other even higher paying trades like machinist, multi-craft machinery maintenance, and millwright.
7. Welding is a male dominated occupation. Traditionalist men will find it offers some insulation and respite from the typical feminist diatribe and PC bullshit of today's corporate world.
Conclusion How has welding benefited me? First, I developed reasoning skills, something that academia failed to do. I also developed a thorough understanding of how men do the dirty, nasty, and dangerous jobs in this life. Feminists and elitists can marginalize men all they want, but men risk their lives and health to build and maintain their shit.
Further, welding has opened some doors for me, mainly teaching. My ultimate goal is to teach welding full-time, a late life career change if you will, and one I hope will happen.
Read More: Is A Blue Collar Job for You? 


ARTICLE

  The Importance Of Patriarchal Religion To Marriage And Childrearing The Importance Of Patriarchal Religion To Marriage And Childrearing Brutus Centinel 
Brutus Centinel is an American Christian patriarch, leading a family resistance to the decline. Because guns are "liberty's teeth," Brutus is a firearms enthusiast, and a militia officer. Brutus fights to help Americans across the political spectrum wake up to the tyranny of our corporate overloads. November 4, 2016 Religion 
I live in America, and I am happily married, with kids. I do not write this because I am more manly, or intelligent, or successful than you; I am not. I write this to share the main key to my success: patriarchal, traditional religion. 
I am writing from my own religious convictions, which I believe are true. You are free to disagree, but you may still find value here. I have read the writings of other religions, and consider them 'True Myths,' useful for their wisdom, even though I may disagree with their theology. Neomasculinity itself is a philosophy that can be accepted by people of different religions, or no religion. Modern Religion I'll find another church, thanks 
Modern religion is a feminized wasteland. God exists to impose obligations on men, and excuses women's evil acts. Faith is blind, irrational, and collectivist. 
Men hate modern religion, which is why most churches in the West are demographically imbalanced toward women. Men are bored to death with touchy-feely sermons, endless committee meetings, female gossip, and the losers sitting in the pews around them. This is not how it should be. Patriarchal Religion That's more like it. 
Patriarchal religion is interesting to men. It teaches that God is a man, creator of rationality, slayer of evil men, protector of the innocent: Praise be to the Lord my Rock, who trains my hands for war, my fingers for battle. (Psalm 144:1) 
In male-led churches, women are taught to be respectful to their fathers, husbands, and legitimate authority. They understand that their role is to raise and care for children, and support their husband's mission: Wives, submit yourselves to your own husbands as you do to the Lord. (Ephesians 5:22) 
In patriarchal religion, female sins, like rebellion, envy, dishonesty, hypergamy, dressing and acting like a whore, and 'hamstering' or rationalizing sin are condemned: When the woman saw that the fruit of the tree was good for food and pleasing to the eye, and also desirable for gaining wisdom, she took some and ate it. (Genesis 3:6) I also want the women to dress modestly, with decency and propriety, adorning themselves, not with elaborate hairstyles or gold or pearls or expensive clothes, but with good deeds, appropriate for women who profess to worship God. (1 Timothy 2:9-10) And Adam was not the one deceived; it was the woman who was deceived and became a sinner. (1 Timothy 2:14)' This is the way of an adulterous woman: She eats and wipes her mouth and says, 'I've done nothing wrong.' (Proverbs 30:20) Finding A Virtuous Woman This is the unicorn I married. 
All women are tempted towards sins like envy, but not all women act on their impulses. In spite of what many observe in the West, I have met many virtuous women: few sexual partners before marriage, respectful, submissive to their husbands, physically fit, feminine, good mothers. Most are in the older generations, especially before the Boomers. Most are involved in traditional religion. There are fewer younger women who are virtuous, and every single one that I have met is involved in traditional religion. They tend to be more rural, from small churches. 
Traditional religion can be extremely helpful to finding and vetting women. It provides a community with certain values that you want in a woman, and it provides reliable references for a person's character. A woman who spent her younger years 'out in the world' and came back at 29 be a 'born-again-virgin' is a red flag, but a woman in her early 20s who teaches Sunday School and helps with the potluck dinners is far more likely to be wife material. The older women in the church will usually let you know if a woman is a whore. Patriarchal Religion Helps Control Women's Sinful Tendencies With proper training, woman can be virtuous. 
Traditional religion acts as a curb (but not a cure) for women's immoral, rebellious, destructive behavior. My wife goes to a women's bible study group, where she often receives instruction from older religious women. This includes things like telling her to be submissive to me, lose weight and be healthy, not waste money, have cheerful sex on a regular basis, and to learn how to get some control over her emotions: Teach the older women to be reverent in the way they live, not to be slanderers or addicted to much wine, but to teach what is good. Then they can urge the younger women to love their husbands and children, to be self-controlled and pure, to be busy at home, to be kind, and to be subject to their husbands. (Titus 2:3) 
One of my wife's friends once corrected her attitude toward sex, saying: 'you need to view your body as a sheath for your husband's sword.' She now routinely thanks me after we have sex. I am not a natural alpha, but I have little fear that my wife is going to suddenly cut off sex if I have a minor slip up. Band Of Brothers We've got your back, bro! Deus Vult! 
With this great power comes great responsibility. As a patriarch, I am commanded to lead my family, instructing my wife and kids on how to act properly, with genuine love for their well-being. I must be on top of my game, be physically fit, and think rationally when my wife is irrational. I attend a men's Bible study, where we talk about leading as men. Every man in my group owns a gun, and we often go shooting together. 
We encourage, support, teach, and correct each other. I have had sharp, intense, discussions with my pastor and men in my church about my own character and life decisions. Things are handled like men, discussed in the open, with real-talk (not rhetorical bullshit), and masculine love and concern for each other. This has aided me in thinking deeply about my life, and correcting bad decisions I have made. 
Awhile back we helped another man who was on the verge of divorce. He was working 100 hours a week because he would not stand up to his employer, and had no energy to lead his family. We told him that the marriage counseling he was getting was bullshit ('talk about your feelings more!'), and that his slavish attitude toward his employer was making his wife lose respect for him. The women in our church also talked to his wife about choosing to be respectful and submissive, in spite of her rebellious emotions. 
He cut back hours at work, which enabled him able to be captain of his ship again. This, along with training his wife received, helped her become more respectful. Now, his wife is less of a bitch, and they have sex several times a week. I doubt this would have happened without patriarchal religion. Children I've succeeded as a father! 
We see that our culture is toxic, feminized, and immoral. Men need a place to raise children apart from these toxins, and church is a great place to do this. My kids go to Sunday School classes where they are taught to be respectful to me, my wife, and legitimate adult authorities. We have several families with well-disciplined children that we can trust won't corrupt our kids. My wife often takes the kids for play-dates so she can socialize with wholesome women, which is a great alternative to sitting around on social media all day. Conclusion Patriarchal, traditional religion will not change female nature, but it can help restrain it. This is how past generations maintained civilization. I can confidently say that traditional religion is the main reason I can maintain a happy marriage in this cesspool of a culture. Those who are not religious might consider other institutions that may provide similar support for their marriage and child-raising.

ARTICLE

Home This Month Popular Is Western Civilization Worth Saving? Is Western Civilization Worth Saving? Beau Albrecht 
My father was a high-ranking student radical poobah and still thinks Castro is the bees' knees. Although this makes me technically a red diaper baby, I rejected all that baloney early on. These days, I write stories - mostly comedy science fiction - as well as maintain a blog mainly about dating advice, political commentary, and my writing projects. November 4, 2016 Politics 
By 2050, it's predicted the USA will no longer have a white majority, which in 1960 was 90%. For this, we can thank Ted Kennedy's Immigration and Nationality Act of 1965, which the politicians swore up and down wouldn't change the American ethnic composition. In Europe, due to declining native birth rates and mass immigration , this will eventually come to pass for several other nations later this century, all according to the Coudenhove-Kalergi Plan . The leftists, with their really big hearts , think all this will be wonderful. 
Globalism and cultural Marxism are the driving forces behind population replacement policies, but unawareness and apathy are almost as much of a problem . Some think that if Western civilization will go down the toilet, they should just 'go with the flow' and enjoy the ride all the way down the tubes. Thanks to media propaganda and educational indoctrination, they have no idea that their own civilization is worth anything, and don't have the slightest concern for their own posterity. Still, they're pretty naive to believe that things can't turn far worse within their own lifetimes. Why this is bad (for those who need reminding) In the future, is this going to get better, or worse? 
If trends continue unabated, the founding peoples will lose control over their destiny. History shows that when this happens, the results are not good. Pillaging and plundering is a more genteel affair in modern times (though not always ) but you're still not going to like it. Will your new rulers say, 'Since things have changed so much, how about we abolish Affirmative Action and set-asides to show we've transcended race?' Don't count on it. More likely, they'll double down on these preferential treatment programs, and come up with new ones, and you will have no chance to block the spoils systems. 
That's just the beginning, too. The ' diversification ' of cities for the last several decades has been bad—Detroit, need I say more?—and riots really are getting out of hand. Now imagine what it will be like when you have no hope of influencing things like Section 8 housing moving into your neighborhood, or if you'll get any real police protection. 
This is what we're facing if the Aztlán crowd takes over the Southwest, the community agitators get in charge of the big cities, and together their constituency has an electoral majority controlling the Federal government. (Also remember that they've been told since the 1960s that you're evil oppressors responsible for all their problems.) Parts of 'flyover country' might be able to hold out for a while, but nothing short of forming their own country will stop the advance of 'progress'. If it were ever to come to secession, they'll be surrounded, outnumbered, and outgunned. Let's keep things from getting to that point. Is there any hope? 'Refugees' have taken on the characteristics of invaders 
I've painted a grim picture, but I have to be realistic. As for what will happen later, things only look worse; Jean Raspail's Camp Of The Saints describes a bleak future like that. This isn't just the USA on the line, but Western Europe too, and perhaps Eastern Europe and Australia in time. If we want to keep from disappearing into the endless night, the time to act is now. 
Sometimes, with luck, sovereignty can be regained: for example, the Spanish Reconquista, or the nations of the Balkans rising after a few centuries under the Turkish yoke. However, the results aren't guaranteed; some nations may never recover. In these examples, the 'dhimmis' were subjugated under military occupation, but they were not outnumbered in their own lands. The founding populations must not allow themselves to be dispossessed in their own countries in the first place. 
Granted, the dark forces of globalism are very powerful—and they'd like us to think they're invincible—but they must be stopped. They also want you to think they're smarter than you and know what's good for you . (If they'd simply focus on getting richer, and cease their social engineering, they'd have far less to answer for.) Not only has our political establishment failed us, they're working against the public . It won't be easy, but we must reassert control over our destiny. Do we deserve to be dispossessed? Brainwashed SJWs welcoming their own destruction 
Some will even say—often with haughty condescension—that if we lose our countries, then we deserve this fate. Ignoring for a moment the sheer snottiness, as well as the 'might makes right' argument incongruent with the usual rhetoric of fairness by the 'prepare to be assimilated, resistance is futile' crowd, let's consider the following facts: In the 1920s, a Communist propaganda campaign was launched in the Western world. In the 1930s, this mutated into cultural Marxism and kicked into high gear during the 1960s. Most people have no idea of the scope of it all, or where things like political correctness came from. Only senior citizens remember what it was like living in a fairly normal country. Even fewer never grew up exposed to this propaganda in one form or another. The rest of us have been indoctrinated from an early age by the mass media and educational establishment. The Western political tradition lately is about openness and democracy. For this reason, we don't conduct political change by torches and pitchforks these days. We play fair, even if our enemies often don't . Further, political correctness encourages the 'disadvantaged' to have solidarity, but vilifies the same in the majority. This is one reason why we're on the defensive, and (for now) usually losing. Most people only have a vague idea about the extent of managed democracy and sheer corruption. Those against population replacement policies mostly put their faith in the mainstream opposition parties, not realizing that they've sold out to deep-pockets globalists too. 'Mainstream' conservatism is a controlled opposition , providing token resistance at best. 
So with that extent of treachery, disinformation, limited options for resistance, and managed democracy, it's grotesquely dishonest for the defeatists to tell us that we're losing a fair fight! As for their opinion that we should just give up, I have one word: No. 
Whenever you hear the defeatists crowing that this is inevitable or that we 'deserve' it, remember that they want to demoralize you and anyone else listening. (The same goes for when they tell you that loving your people and wanting your posterity to survive is 'hatred'.) Suppose someone is losing his home by a devious swindle, orchestrated by crooks widely lauded for their fairness, caring, and honesty. It would be the height of arrogance to tell the defrauded that he deserved it and should shut up about it and let it happen. The depopulation and population replacement agenda 'First, the EU has to accept at least a million asylum-seekers annually for the foreseeable future… The EU should provide 15,000 euros ($16,800) per asylum-seeker for each of the first two years to help cover housing, health-care and education costs—and to make accepting refugees more appealing to member states.' 
Don't be fooled: this isn't happening because some vague, invisible force called 'progress' is pushing things inevitably in this direction. No, it's being actively promoted by globalist interests that have adopted cultural Marxism as a means of control. 
Why are native fertility rates declining below replacement level? The major factors are: Women are encouraged to spend their 20s partying and their 30s trying to get rich in a cube farm. Encouraging them to to make starting a family last priority often leaves them very unhappy over the long term, and many will miss the chance to begin. Good economy tends to be positively correlated with higher fertility rates. During recessions, births go down. The implications are obvious. If less tax money was taken from working citizens for costly social services programs and spit-in-your-eye wars, then they'd be able to afford more children. Sending the guilty to prison (instead of bailing them out) when they crash the economy might be a good indirect measure too. About a third of American babies conceived end up aborted . (Thanks, feminism!) The same leftists who think this is wonderful will scream bloody murder whenever a savage killer on Death Row is executed, but all that's another matter. 
Because of declining fertility rates, the globalists tell us that we must open the floodgates of Third World immigration to prop up the population and support the aging citizens. So they've fed us poison, and to soothe the symptoms, they want to feed us another kind of poison. To hell with that! 
Granted, keeping Social Security going in the USA will be a challenge. Still, it's pretty uncertain that newly-arriving immigrants—if they become the majority—will be able or willing to support millions of elderly 'gringos'. As for future European retirees, will they be well cared for by 'refugees' from Africa and the Middle East? The way things are now, many of them prefer rioting , looting, and collecting welfare over working. So these are going to be the people propping up the European retirement programs? 
Dispossession is inevitable only if we let it happen. For now, we must educate the rest of the public about what's going on, and convince them that their future is worth saving and their posterity is worth preserving. Once we've achieved critical mass, we can confront the political establishment and get the government to start working for us rather than against us What's in it for us? Whenever someone writes that Western civilization is nothing but injustice and oppression, they're using technology we invented to complain about us. 
It's fashionable—especially in academia—to bash Western civilization. We're not perfect, but nobody else is either. The truth is that we're a creative, dynamic, and industrious people. Some of us are under the impression that we don't have any culture (only other people do) but that's mistaken. I could spend all day listing our major artists, composers, poets, philosophers, writers, theologians, and the like, but I only would scratch the surface. 
Other cultures have made notable contributions—particularly East Asia and the Middle East—but the fact is that the majority of science and technology that makes life comfortable today originated in the Western world. Electricity, motorized transportation, refrigeration, telecommunications, computers (need I go on)? Yep, that was us. We shared our medical advances with the rest of the world, increasing longevity and quality of life around the globe. Whether the world's future looks more like Star Trek or more like Blade Runner may have a lot to do with whether or not our people survive. 
Finally, most of us are going to live out our lives in our native countries. Do we want them to stay the same nations we grew up in? Some time in the future, today's youth will be running the show while we're elderly. What kind of a place do we want it to be by then? Western civilization is great; let's keep it going.

ARTICLE

As the election is inching slowly towards it's end, experts are nervously scrambling to find any dirt that would stop the Trump train.
First, Megyn Kelly pulled the sexist card, then it was his undisclosed tax returns, then his comments on John McCain, then making fun of crippled reporters, then his reading of Mein Kampf, then his remarks about dating his daughter.
Then accusations of racism from former employees, his usage of eminent domain, hiring of immigrants and other questionable practices, the Trump University scandal, his blunder on abortion, old comments on drug decriminalization and gun control, his relationship with the Clintons and the DC insiders, his comments on refugees and illegal immigrants, the Khan incident. And, of course, the pussy-grabbing scandal.

Surely this time, it will sink his campaign, won't it ? And yet each time Teflon Don deflects dirt more dexterously than ghetto trash trying escape alimony payments. Nothing seems to be able to stop him, not that his opponents will ever stop trying.
Trump has the fantastic ability to escape unharmed from what would clearly destroy any career politician. Howard Dean's 'Yee-haw' was enough to end his bid for the Democratic candidate in 2004, and yet Trump can call for an end to Muslim refugees, be accused of grabbing women by their loins, and end up being praised for it by the masses, while the mainstream media spew their bile 24/7.

What has allowed Trump to maneuver so nimbly against these accusations is the unprecedented role of internet media in elections, including being able to reach people directly through Twitter and a lack of trust in traditional media, as well as his bigger-than-life persona letting him get away with what others would be lynched for.
But that's the story for another article. I would rather talk about something else. Particularly, is there anything that could stop him? The answer will surprise you as it goes against all conventional wisdom.
Yes, but it's not what you think.
Trump's weak spot 
One of the biggest problems with defeating Trump is that unlike other politicians, political scandals not only seem to not affect him, but they even aid him. There is a saying that every anti-Trump meme is also a pro-Trump meme.

Trump has mastered political antifragility, which causes him to only strengthen when opponents try to destroy him. Trump has defeated the left's 'no platform for fascists' mentality by saying things so outrageous they have no option but to report on him.
So, the left cannot choose to not cover him and let him wallow in obscurity like they did with Ron Paul. Neither can they attack him, for each of their attacks only make him more popular.

One memorable movie quote I remember went something like this: 'Every man has a weak spot. First you try to buy him with money, then women, then you go for his family, and if that doesn't work, well, a bullet always does the job.' Unfortunately, unlike other political losers, Don does not need other people's money, nor does he lack female attention, and his family is smart and probably safe from violence.
But this isn't an article about (God forbid) Donald Trump getting assassinated. That would stop Trump, but not the Trump train. Trump is more than a man. Trump is an idea. He is the avatar of discontent of all those opposed to progressive ideology. He would become a martyr, thus raising the hatred for his opponents to a fever pitch which might alter America's consciousness forever. Trump's enemies can't afford that.
So if ignoring Trump does not work, throwing dirt at him does not work, bribing him doesn't work and even killing him won't work, than what is left? The answer might surprise you.
You see Trump's power comes from his contrarianism. He is not a candidate, he is an anti-candidate. People don't just vote FOR Trump they vote AGAINST Hillary, Obama, Progressives and Cuckservatives. He is the wrecking ball who the injured working class and all non-liberal whites as well as minorities not completely in love in with progressive Marxist ideology want to use against the establishment.
So what can be done to stop him ? 
Well, let's ask ourselves what makes Trump popular ? His brashness, his anti-PC attitudes, his anti-elitism, his not being a part of the Establishment hacks, his being 'not one of them,' his being different.
So if that is what gives Trump strength, it would make sense that to weaken him, you would have to present him as the opposite of that. To present him as being nothing special, to make him look boring and weak. To present him as just another PC-drone.
They've claimed nonstop that Trump is the next Hitler and that he will start building concentration camps and sexually assaulting random women by grabbing their cock pockets and will obliterate Muslims and minorities with Right WiNg Death Squad robots.

Instead they could have claimed that he is just weakling trying to act tough, and that he won't deliver anything. That he is in love with political correctness and respects women. That he is a progressive's best choice. That he will bring four more years of Obama.
That of course would present it's own difficulties. In the age of online media, the monopoly of physical press has been broken. When news circulates at the speed of minutes rather than hours and days, it would be very hard for the establishment media to accomplish this. It is very hard to call Trump ordinary and boring when his statements break so many taboos.
Yet, as difficult as it may have been, at the very least it would have had a chance of success, as small as it was. Calling him sexist, racist, and other mean words did nothing to stop him, and instead only made him more popular with the masses. Some of these incidents have made Donald seem human and it made people trust him more. Showing his flaws had the opposite effect as intended, as those who hated him already needed no extra ammo, but those who liked him were either left indifferent, or what's worse excited by his statements.

At worst a few moderates had doubts set in their mind, however considering what short attention span undecided voters have, his stellar performance at the second debate clearly made them forget about the statement and maybe even convinced them to focus on Bill's sexual misdeeds instead.
Why haven't his opponents used this against him? 
This brings us to the final point of this article. Why haven't his opponents used this against him? Have they not the brains to figure this out? Hard to believe, considering the amount of money being poured into think tanks.
No, the truth is like that the strategy was forsaken because of the side-effects it would have on their own camp. Should his opponents try to attack him as another PC drone, they would be also attacking themselves. Just like Hillary trying to paint Trump as sex offender only made it easier for Trump to point at Bill's sexual indiscretions. As it has been said in the mighty book of Kek : 'thee that dwell in glass lodgings shall not propel sedimentary formations' The Prophecy of Kek, Chapter 4 : Verse 20. 

Attacking Trump for being multicultural, politically correct, weak, inefficient, or a shill would only shed light on the establishment's own weakness.
This means that in order to draw voters away from Trump they would have to claim Trump loves multiculturalism, anti-racism, open borders, free trade, globalism and offer another candidate who would be even more extreme than him on these crucial issues.

Using this strategy against Trump, even if it was successful, would be a Pyrrhic victory for his opponents, as cuckservatives would have to acknowledge they can't woo supporters with talks about reducing taxes and bringing back Reaganism. The truth is, the future is bleak for Reagan-Bush-Cuck wing of the GOP. Even if they were to win the election, they would lose the war.

The left has won the cultural war not just by winning elections, but by cultural meta-warfare. Instead of moderating their message in attempt to win election, they used popular culture and mass media to push liberal values to the masses, and so the right wing had no option, but do concessions, dropping people who opposed civil rights, women's liberation and closed borders.
To put it simply, the battle was lost even before Trump came—Trump was the match that ignited the powder keg. He simply mobilized people, and said what others kept in private, but always wanted to say and now there is no turning back.
The elites cannot choose to ignore popular will and still win elections anymore. They will have to reform the GOP to account for their constituency's desire or risk ending in the dust bin of history. There is no longer the option to charm the sheeple with talks about low taxes, open borders and the awfulness of bigotry. They will have to, at least, nominally give something back to the people to stay in power.
As one wise commenter on this site once said : 'Trump may be a liar like the rest of them, but at least he is saying the right lies.'
The next thing people on the manosphere and the alt-right will have to look after will be Trump-like figures who will copy Trump's rhetoric, but will fail to deliver any solutions. Or they will try to co-opt and redirect that anger. But for now, for the first time in more than 50 years, we are winning the culture war .
Read More: Will The #CruzSexScandal Propel Donald Trump Into The White House? 


ARTICLE

Cuckservatism is a topic that has previously been discussed in detail on Return Of Kings , in articles and comments sections alike. The underlying reason that this topic is the focus of a great deal of discussion is because its roots are deeply steeped in both cowardice and betrayal.
While our readership is well acquainted with the political and social implications of cuckservatism, there is also a need to also discuss its behavioral roots. To accomplish this task, I used my social media accounts to examine connections of mine who displayed all of the classic red flags associated with cuckservatism. I then searched for common traits that they possessed based on the nature of their rants or posts.
The three characteristics listed below represent key factors which, in my opinion, are necessary for any individual to transform from an otherwise normal person into a cuck. If we can understand these factors, this will enable us to develop a more comprehensive strategy for rendering them irrelevant, apart from merely ignoring them.
Political Naiveté Nothing screams political naivety more than voting for a last minute candidate who considers himself a 'conservative' alternative to Trump.
This factor represents the first step that one must take to become a cuckservative, because it entails believing in a series of premises that are patently false. Political naiveté can include simpler forms, such as believing in the wage gap or that illegal immigrants are natural republicans. Conversely, political naiveté can also be more complex, in that an individual afflicted with it might believe in equality as a virtue or that a democratic two party system is the best form of government. 
A perfect example of this can be seen in my friends and associates who blindly believe in the Constitution. These individuals refuse to vote for anyone other than a 'constitutionalist,' and their sole metric for judging candidates is the implications of an obscure constitutional issue that only they care about. This perspective is indicative of political naiveé because the globalists who run our political system jettisoned any belief in the Constitution and rule of law decades ago. For them, the Constitution is merely a convenient rubber stamp used to justify unpopular political decisions. 
Accordingly, anyone who votes ONLY for candidates with such narrow viewpoints is naively playing into the hands of globalists because they fail to understand that the Constitution will only function in a nation that's virtuous and willing to abide by its principles. 
If the United States continues on its current demographic track, we will eventually import a new population that not only despises original American values, but would also actively vote to eliminate them. The Constitution will provide no protections if this occurs, because these people will simply ignore it, invoking arguably the most important phrase in all of American legal history . 
To fail to understand these stakes when considering one's voting patterns, instead opting to emulate the local revolutionary war re-enactors, is a hallmark trait of a cuckservative. 
Lack Of Self Confidence A Cuckservative would never get this far.
Lack of self-confidence, and the feelings of doubt that serve as its foundation, represents a second symptom of cuckservatism, which is why Return Of Kings has countless articles on how to acquire and maintain self-confidence as a form of preventative medicine. 
Doubts as to one's chances of success, coupled with fear and the innate need for self-preservation, can easily shatter most people. In such moments of weakness, it's very easy for a person to do a 180 and to do something that they would normally find revolting. Conversely, if one steadfastly believes in their convictions and themselves, their self-confidence will become stronger. This is true even in situations when seemingly the entire world is against them. 
The following clip is from an interview that Jeb Bush did with Lester Holt during the Republican Primary, and is an excellent illustration of how a lack of self-confidence can lead to powerlessness and a lack of control over one's surroundings. 

From the very beginning of this clip, Jeb's lack of self confidence is readily apparent. Whether it was the fact that he was too far hunched over in his seat, his attempts to curb his nervousness by forcing himself to smile or laugh, or the fact that he rarely made eye contact with Lester Holt, any ability that he has to project himself was undermined by his body language.
An even deeper sign of his lack of self-confidence begins at 0:45 in the video, when Holt proceeds to ask him why he didn't frame the Charleston shooting as an act of 'racism.' In this situation, if asked such a question in any setting, an individual has one of two choices. If he is self-confident, he would turn the question back on Lester Holt by saying that racism is a social construct and the only people who care about it are limp-wristed losers.
However, if one is like Jeb and lacks self-confidence, their response to this situation will be to immediately try to 'compromise' by acknowledging the premise raised by someone like Lester Holt and then spend the rest of the interview trying to show that they're not a bad person. This was the approach that Jeb used, and it demonstrated to Lester Holt that he was weak, which then led to Lester forcing Jeb to backtrack and question his own decision to support Stand Your Ground laws during his tenure as Florida's governor.
A lack of self-confidence, as evidenced by Jeb's failure to retain control over his surroundings during his interview with Lester Holt, highlights a classic character trait shared by cuckservatives. The only answer that I can come up with, as to why this trait is so prevalent, is that it might be a product of their childhood that they haven't been able to get over.
In a way, the archetypal cuck was likely bullied or mistreated as a child, but has never learned how to fight back or to love being hated by others. Because of this, they never developed the necessary level of self-confidence to succeed in life, which eventually translates over to their politics.
They Want To Be Friends With Everyone How to destroy a political movement established by one's father in one fell swoop.
Having grown up in the leftist Northeast, and considering that I still live and work there, I'm used to being in the political minority. My coping mechanisms for this situation consisted of (unknowingly) embracing key tenets of the Alternative Right, and knowing how to pick my political fights. Additionally, I also resolved to never be friendly with or ever trust anyone from the political left, a decision that has been vindicated over the last several years. 
Unfortunately, my approach is not a popular one amongst political dissidents in my region. This is because many of them, having grown up with leftists, simply view their political disagreements as a series of gentlemanly differences that they can put aside over a few beers. They refuse to believe that leftists and SJWs hate anyone who even slightly disagrees with them and, like women, view weak men as easy targets. 
Accordingly, when faced with the choice of staying true to their beliefs or 'moderating' them in order to ensure that they get invited to the next sushi night, art showing or paint nite; the cuckservatives that I know will roll over every time. Specifically, they'll profess support for third party 'libertarian' or 'constitutional' candidates, while supporting a slightly less-liberal version of their leftist friends' politics. 
This tendency demonstrates a key principle that most cuckservatives subconsciously hold: they want to be liked by everyone, and will therefore do anything they can to make this happen, even if it means betraying themselves and their own beliefs in the process. When does adopting this attitude ever lead to success in life? 
If a child keeps getting beat up by a schoolyard bully, should they cower in the bully's presence and act as his lackey in order to avoid getting hurt? We all know that such an approach is worthless and that the only way to respond is to fight back, yet these people adopt the same approach when dealing with the political equivalent of a schoolyard bully. Perhaps their reason for trying to be friends with globalists and trying to appease them by being moderate stems from the way in which they handled problems in childhood, however that issue itself is another topic that deserves discussion by itself. 
Is There A Remedy For These Character Flaws? Even if we understand these characteristics, and can think of active ways to subvert cuckservatism, we will not be entirely successful. Most people who fall under this category have been psychologically conditioned to act this way, meaning that much of our attempts to open their eyes will fall on deaf ears. I have no sympathy for these people because they've never had the internal drive or fortitude necessary to overcome adversity, and would rather wallow in misery while also pulling others into the abyss with them. 
However, there are always a couple that might show potential. These individuals might only be seen by us as cuckservatives because they imitated others around them, while lacking a positive role model that could show them the truth. The greatest service we can do for these select few is to identify them and prove that there is a viable alternative .
If 25 cents a day can supposedly help a starving African family have rice for six months, then us acting as positive role models to our weaker brethren will help them immeasurably while also advancing our own cause.
Read More: David French's Candidacy For President Shows That Cuckservatives Can't Stop Donald Trump 


ARTICLE

  Have You Swallowed The Red Pill? Take The Test Have You Swallowed The Red Pill? Take The Test Video December 11, 2012 124 Comments Masculinity 
There's a lot of guys who claim to haven taken the red pill, but I suspect there is a sea of blue still swirling within their core. To find out if that's you, watch the following three portions of the above video: 
0:47 – 0:53 2:24 – 2:31 
Time to grade the test: 
1. Did you think what you just witnessed was the most heart-warming thing in the world? If yes, you're drowning in blue pill. 
2. Do you wish you could have a female friend like the Indian man in the video? If yes, you're still blue pill. 
3. Did you think there's nothing wrong with being friends with a girl? If yes, you're bluer than the ocean. 
4. Did you run to the nearest bathroom and throw up in the toilet at his display of supreme betatude? If yes, you're red pill. 
5. Did you viscerally cringe and actually get angry at the world when the girl said, 'You're my best friend in the world, and you always will be' while the beta withheld his tears of emotion? If yes, you're blood pill! 
One problem with swallowing the red pill is that you will get offended at just about everything that mainstream people enjoy. You can no longer digest their media, enjoy their viral videos, or even have a normal conversation with a blue piller. You form your own red pill bubble, whether it's frequenting sites on the manosphere , not dating women from blue pill societies, or outright expatriating to countries where men are rewarded for being masculine. Long live the red pill! 
P.S. I make an appearance at 2:24.

ARTICLE

  American Woman In Bikini Desecrates French Catacombs For Her 'Female Indiana Jones' Brand American Woman In Bikini Desecrates French Catacombs For Her 'Female Indiana Jones' Brand 
André is a young European who left his decaying country in 2012 for greener pastures. He enjoys exploring subterranean places, reading about a host of interconnected topics, and yearns for Tradition. November 5, 2016 Girls 
The Paris catacombs are a place dear to my heart. Born in this very city, I had a front row seat to see it turn into a giant museum. Every wealthy asshole wanting his own piece of the 'city of lights,' and Paris being one of the most visited cities in the world , I could see year after year the streets taken over by luxury clothing shops and expensive venues. The middle and lower classes have been pushed aside by rising living costs so that the rich globalists, the bobos and a never-ending trail of tourists could stroll around. 
Yet, go twenty meters below the Haussmanian hurdle, and you will find something very different. 
South of the Seine, the lands have been deeply dug to extract building stones. Most of the voids have been filled since, but more than a hundred kilometres of mine galleries are still there. Exploring the place is officially forbidden. Which is a good thing, as one can go there officiously, provided one knows how to enter and not get lost in the labyrinth, without bothering with swarms of tourists or wasting money in an overpriced bar. 
Officially prohibited, actually more or less self-managed by a loose community of cataphiles , the Catacombs are one of the most interesting places today in Paris. It allows for genuine explorations and friendly meetings while also teaching some masculine virtues to those who venture there seriously. 
The underground network being fragile and the officials not enjoying when too many visitors tread on their jurisdiction, the cataphiles have a complex relationship with exposing it. On the one hand, we like to show the place and share its atmosphere with passionate newcomers; on the other, we are afraid that too much exposition will attract too many visitors and stifle the officials' relative toleration for unofficial activities. 
Well, today, other cataphiles won't chastise me for mentioning the topic in public, for this has been already made recently by an attention whore of international scope. Alison Teal, a Hawaiian 28 or 29 years old girl, made a show of herself down there and sent ludicrous photos to the Daily Mail . 'So, I'm here to teach you about protecting the planet, y'know' 'I love bringing surfboards in places without waves. By the way, I'm the feminine Indiana Jones, especially with the help of a crew I'll never give credit to. Follow me on Instagram and YT!' 
Here we are not talking about attention whoring lightly. The Daily Mail photos already tell much: a blond girl in a pink bikini carries a pink surfboard in a narrow underground network where there is, by definition, no waves to surf at all, to take some photos of herself, herself, herself, and a bit of the catacombs, as they could be used as the setting of the latest of Alison's Adventures™. I'm not joking. These 'adventures' are literally Hitler a trademark. 
Since she was at least 18, Teal seems to have taken advantage from the nomadic lifestyle of her parents to make photos, movies, and promote herself heavily along the way. With the help of her dad, a well-connected photographer and self-promoter who claims to master yoga, she got a bunch of awards and media promotion. Long-haired Alison was thus handed a niche that allows her to travel the world, take pictures of herself in various places, and claim to be concerned about the environment. 
Her résumé shows a massive ego associated to minor lies. 'The world was my school and playground'—I guess smaller places would be too small for her giant ego, and this may explain why she suffered from claustrophobia under Paris, as we are to see below. Between name-droppings, references to media awards and other big pictures of Alison, Teal, and Alison Teal, we learn she was styled 'the 'Female Indiana Jones' by Time Magazine (2015) and the 'Oprah of Adventure' by The Huffington Post (2016).' Really? 
Actually, Teal said to the HuffPo she aspired to be 'the Oprah of adventure' in 2014 before branding herself as 'the female Indiana Jones' to the Time a year later (2015, not 2016). Then she said on Twitter and on her résumé how they had referred to her as such. Not a big lie, but a lie indeed. By the way, she also branded herself a 'Tarzan child' in the HuffPo interview. Would someone who really 'grew up in the wild' be so obsessed with linking herself to famous icons? Excerpt from the HuffPo article, 05/20/2014. The same articles adds she is a 'self-described 'Tarzan child.'' Excerpt from the Time article, 11/08/2015. Named by Time Magazine… or self-styled? And now on her résumé. Not only does she lie by misattributing to famous media outlets self-characterizing and lavishly flattering labels, but she can't even put the right years while referring to said media pieces. 
So, self-styled 'female Indiana Jones,' no less, went through what seems to be a joint undertaking with the Daily Mail by descending into the Paris catacombs with the symbols of her Adventures™, namely a pink bikini and a surfboard. The English tabloid released the photos, video, and testimony of Indiana-Jones-In-A-Bikini-Surfing-The-Catacombs the 30 th of October. Days after, a bunch of French outlets copied the Mail content, often translating it verbatim . 
What struck me first are the stunning inaccuracies the tabloid published. First, the Mail claims Teal went 150 meters below the ground, whereas the actual depth of the Catacombs goes between 10 and 30 meters depending on where you are in the network. Can't Indiana Jane tell the difference between 30 and 150 meters? 
Second, she also claimed to have lacked oxygen and witnessed the water level suddenly rising. This is at best extremely unlikely. The water levels can change from month to month and even from week to week, but to my knowledge it never changes abruptly in seconds. As for the oxygen issue, I have witnessed some only two times: at a big party, when so many people were in the same room that there was not enough oxygen to light a cigarette, and from claustrophobic newcomers who could not stand the place. 
Either she completely made up the sudden water change and oxygen issues in order to give her story a sensational aspect, or, more likely, got a panic attack due to claustrophobia, but preferred to twist it into a grandiose plot rather than acknowledging her own limitations. The Mail just ate that up and published without question. They did not ask any actual cataphile for sure. Had they done so, anyone with a decent experience of the catacombes could have told them what I just wrote above. 
I also noticed from her quotes that she does not mention anyone from her crew, gives no credit to the men who opened the manhole cover, helped her go down the humid ladder, showed her the way, filmed her… She would never have found the entrance if no one already in the know had accepted to be her guide. Neither could she lift manhole covers of more than a hundred kilograms with her thin arms—even the round butt she likes to display couldn't do that. The first photo displayed by the Mail. Notice how she strategically displays (some of) her butt. 
I could bet she did not have sex with any of the guys who enabled her display to happen. As Julius Evola hinted, she is likely the kind of woman to whom 'the possibilities of physical love are often not as interesting as the narcissistic cult of her body, or as being seen with as many or as few clothes as possible' (Evola, Revolt Against the Modern World , chap.20). 
In this respect, the only thing that makes Teal 'special' compared to all other look-at-me twats is the adventurous label she tries to put on herself. Exploiting people and places to garner attention is definitely not special. Yet, a lot of comments have noticed this behind the weird mix of glamour and pseudo-adventure: some are offended that she treaded on bones, i.e. remnants of real past men, in a pink bikini. Doing so is not only a proof of bad taste and self-aggrandizing mania—it is also utterly disrespectful. 
This is indeed a blatant example of pussy pass . Imagine going to Hawaii, bringing a skateboard at a local cemetery and start skateboarding over the graves in a pink throng. What do you expect would happen? You would probably get beaten by locals, and if the media gave you attention at all, they would label you as a disturbed troll or something like that. All this, I think, would be fair. But when a self-important Oprah Jane of super-adventure does the same, the mainstream media reacts completely differently and celebrates her without the least hint of criticism. 
Though she treading and surfing on bones of actual past people is not very respectful for sure, I think especially appalling the outlook Teal seems to carry on the place. The Catacombs are just another background for Alison Adventures™. Whole places, some loaded with historical and spiritual significance, are reduced to a set for the egotic show of another vapid character. The entire world was her school, or so she said, meaning that the world is turned into a mixture of Disneyland and Hollywood studio where her picture can stroll around. Some weeks ago, Alison Teal was busy showing herself near an erupting volcano. Notice another strategic part-display of her butt. 
Usual newcomers to the Catacombs come there with a genuine interest in the place. They come to find out, sometimes drink, and have an actual adventure. They cannot help but feel some humility, perhaps even awe, when meeting with the bones of millions of nameless dead, most if not all of them having lived before the nineteenth century, and having been carried there so that Paris could grow. 
This is very different from using the place to play adventure, treading on bones in a rather inappropriate outfit, depending on a crew of real cataphiles but forgetting to give them the slightest credit, and showing utter carelessness to the historical and spiritual significance of the place, all so that Alison's Ego Adventures™ Show continues. 
As you can see above, a lot of the comments are negative—especially those from cataphiles —and Teal has discreetly withdrawn the video of her trail from YouTube, putting it into private mode. 
Teal's circus has at least one merit: it symbolizes pretty well one of the worst aspects of the Westernization of the world. In the West, there is no wilderness, no sacredness, no magic. There are tons of potential places for tourism, but ultimately, all these places are losing their soul and turning into Disneylands. The Catacombs are worth it because they are definitely not so, and should never be. 
Fortunately, there can be some immanent justice. The wave of criticism under Teal's disrespectful show is well deserved. More harshly, a young libtard who thought she could hitchhike through Middle East to prove Muslims peaceful got raped and killed by the 'peaceful' ones she theatrically claimed to care about. The event shew, or should have shown, that the world is not a giant kindergarten for Western 'strong and independent' narcissists. 
In a world of self-marketing and self-centred cunts, everyone is too busy caring about one's image and about meaningless representations to truly care about a place or about family members. 
Truly respectable women are not the ones we spot the most easily, and true cataphiles are often discreet as well. Your humble servant bathed there before Teal pretended to 'surf' the place, but I would definitely not exhibit myself treading on bones in a pink thong

ARTICLE

  Donald Trump Rushed Off Stage In Reno After Possible Assassination Attempt Donald Trump Rushed Off Stage In Reno After Possible Assassination Attempt 
This account syndicates news from other media outlets. November 5, 2016 News 
Via Breitbart : 
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump was rushed offstage at a Reno, Nevada campaign rally as a protester in the audience was involved in an extended incident near the stage. 
It was not immediately clear what was occurring in the crowd, but several members of what appeared to be law enforcement or U.S. Secret Service jumped down into the area where the protester was, as could be seen on Right Side Broadcasting Network's video livestream of the event. 
Video of Trump being rushed off stage was posted online: 
In the video it appears Trump pauses to look out into the crowd for the event disrupter. Two U.S. Secret Service agents can be seen rushing in to remove Trump from the stage and two other agents also facilitate his removal. 
During his absence someone announced to the crowd that Trump would return. The protester was eventually seen being removed from the crowd, although there appeared to be a struggle with several law enforcement or Secret Service agents to secure the protester's removal. It was several minutes before Trump was able to take the stage again. 
As Trump returned to the stage, he thanked the crowd, which cheered him back. 
'Nobody said it was going to be easy for us, but we will never be stopped, never ever be stopped,' said Trump. Here is the man in question, in handcuffs, being searched by officers after he was escorted out of the rally area. pic.twitter.com/pjoMCtM39K

ARTICLE

A ten-person federal jury has found that Rolling Stone journalist Sabrina Rubin Erdely defamed University of Virginia dean Nicole Eramo with actual malice over a fraudulent college rape story. Rolling Stone and its parent company Wenner Media were also found to have defamed Eramo, who is seeking $7.5 million in damages, but to a lesser extent than the writer herself. Rubin Erdely's piece conveyed that Eramo was indifferent and even callous towards the accuser, Jackie Coakley , in addition to discouraging her from reporting the 'crime.' And so continues coverage of the rape hoax of the decade.
The controversy, which began with the publication of Rubin Erdely's story in 2014, centered on a now debunked fraternity gang rape alleged by fabulist Coakley . Well before this week's court decision, Rubin Erdely admitted to not bothering to contact the male UVA students accused of the act. These young men, via their Phi Kappa Psi fraternity, are suing separately for $25 million , a surprisingly low figure which makes Eramo's claim look comparatively astronomical.
Sabrina Rubin Erdely, far left, arrives for court. Pictured on the right is the Deputy Managing Editor of Rolling Stone, Sean Woods, instrumental in the bogus story's publication and who defended it later.
Because of Coakley's limited financial position, and the respect even outed sexual assault frauds are given, Eramo is legally pursuing only Rubin Erdely, Rolling Stone , and Wenner Media for the $7.5 million. Nevertheless, Eramo's attempts to portray herself as a victim are troubling. She was, after all, UVA's go-to college administrator for handling 'sexual violence' cases, a euphemism for the organizer of what are basically kangaroo courts.
Aside from Eramo, UVA President Teresa Sullivan's actions were appalling. Giving basic credence to Jackie's allegations, Sullivan suspended all Greek Life activities at the University of Virginia as publicity about the accusations grew. This only increased the suffering of the falsely maligned fraternity members, plus gave ammunition to the 'rape culture' activists who ridiculously represent every young male on campus as a potential sexual abuser of women.
The true victims are the falsely accused young men, not Nicole Eramo Nicole Eramo is a 'victim' of the same system she helps to prop up and defend: 'rape culture.'
Nicole Eramo may have been defamed, but she was also intricately involved in a UVA system that does not afford young men even the most basic procedural rights. Whilst we should be happy that she did not rush into supporting Jackie Coakley's lies to the extent of trying to eschew police involvement, we are still not dealing with either an admirable or upstanding individual.
After extensive research, I am yet to find instances of Eramo challenging the shameful treatment of college students accused of sexual assault, whether in specific instances or more broadly. She is neither a defender of these young men nor some kind of principled whistleblower. The only 'positive' thing that can be generally said of her is that she is somewhat less prone to typical knee-jerk SJW reactions, i.e. she did try to get Jackie to talk to the police.
Again, Jackie Coakley has escaped any punishment Stupid does not even begin to describe the man who decided to marry rape hoaxer Jackie Coakley. Thanks to Chuck Johnson and www.gotnews.com for their work in outing Coakley as a fabulist and sociopath.
Jackie Coakley is the sociopathic architect of this whole mess. Notwithstanding that Rubin Erdely and others would have gleefully found another poster girl from somewhere else in America, the degree of malice and calculation in Coakley's actions is the worst I have seen. Even the very terrible Crystal Mangum , the black stripper who is now serving a long sentence for homicide (not false rape allegations), made her bogus accusations of racism and being gang raped much more opportunistically, after Duke lacrosse players declined her services as a stripper. Coakley's misdeeds, however, inhabit a world of their own.
Because women like Jackie Coakley, obsessed as they are with fantasy worlds and self-victimization, have next to no money to go after in defamation suits, they need to be charged and prosecuted for crimes such as public mischief. It obviously would be better if they were charged with making a false rape claim, yet Coakley had enough self-preserving foresight to avoid talking to the police. Consequently, the system usually gives next to no remedies for discouraging outright lies about rape. To boot, The Washington Post may have savaged Rubin Erdely and Rolling Stone , but it still refuses to publish Jackie Coakley's full name, despite all the evidence completely disproving the rape accusations.
If Nicole Eramo gets $7.5 million, the accused male UVA students deserve $7.5+ billion Attention-seeker Emily Renda. She used Jackie Coakley's lies to promote an agenda, not seek redress for a 'victim.'
Determination of damages in the Nicole Eramo case is yet to take place and the $7.5 million claim may just have been posturing by her legal team, a high watermark figure designed to secure a smaller but nonetheless very tidy sum. At a minimum, the accused UVA students deserve 100 times more than whatever Eramo gets. Of course, Wenner Media's coffers are nowhere near that big, but the principle remains. Compared to the mauled reputations of the witch-hunted fraternity members, Eramo suffered a slight pinprick from a broken system she has otherwise staked her career on supporting and expanding.
Other villains in this saga also need to be held to account. Chief among them is Emily Renda , a sociology major at UVA who is now completing a law degree at UC Berkeley. A 'rape culture' extremist, she acted as the conduit between Coakley and Rubin Erdely. As Chuck Johnson and Got News have already demonstrated, Renda's own 'rape survivor' story has changed . Biased 'journalists' such as Anna Merlan , formerly of Jezebel , additionally promoted the UVA hoax and were greatly upset when the gang rape was found not to have taken place. So many supporting actors created this mess.
Let's hope that the heavy legal blows against Rubin Erdely, Rolling Stone , and, obliquely, Jackie Coakley's lies continue with the UVA fraternity defamation suit. Only significant financial and legal hardship, not the pangs of conscience, will stop SJWs and their enablers from attempting to ruin the lives of innocent men.
Read More: Why Hasn't Jackie Coakley Been Punished For Starting The Biggest Rape Hoax Of The Decade? 



ARTICLE

Many older physical trainers, and even those younger ones who were proteges of the older men, will tell the trainee that there is an inverse correlation between strength and speed—that being too big and muscular will slow down an athlete (for whatever reason, I have found that this is most prevalent amongst traditional martial artists). The usual reason given is that the increased mass is simply a 'dead weight', while those with a little bit more knowledge will explain that lifting will develop 'slow twitch' muscles over the 'Fast twitch' muscles needed for sprinting, jumping, punching, and kicking.
I am here to tell you that the 'common wisdom' is completely wrong-when done properly, weightlifting will not impede your speed, and will in fact enhance your speed and explosiveness!
Anecdotes Perhaps you've heard of this man?

That is of course Jamaica's Usain Bolt, the fastest man in the world, and holder of multiple Olympic records. Also worth noting is that in an interview, Mr. Bolt revealed that he squats 400 pounds, and at least partially attributes his nigh inhuman speed to his training regimen. And he's not the only speed athlete who this can be said of-look at any Olympic class sprinter, they are all quite muscular fellows.

Similarly, other athletic disciplines (that's 'athletics' in the specific rather than general sense, I'm using the European term for what my countrymen call 'track and field') have claimed to utilize weightlifting in their training, such as the long jump and the hurdles. Or, you can take my word for it: at my best I had a one rep max squat of 320 pounds, and had a 38 inch vertical leap (I am judging this by my ability to perform a standing jump over 2nd-highest position hurdles, which are measured at 38 inches ).
In fact, many world-level athletes of all disciplines are utilizing Olympic style weightlifting to develop speed and powe r.
Anyway you slice it, compound weight training is a fantastic supplement to all athletes, even those who seemingly don't need that raw brute strength.
The Science As I elaborated in this article , as well as in the free PDF I offer to subscribers to my website (the subscription sign-up is on the front page) there's more than one type of way to be athletic. More accurately, there are three, speaking purely in terms of muscular and/or nervous system function, so this does not include hand-to-eye coordination or other skills related to team sports. These three things can, loosely, correlate to the three types of muscle fibers-Red—or slow—Oxidative, Fast Glycolytic-or White-, and Fast Oxidative. Rather than rehash an article that I've already written, we will focus on the white muscle, the fast glycolytic. This is the type of muscle you want to be training for if you want to develop sprinting speed or a high vertical leap.
Or, to put this into terms of Newton's second law of motion, Acceleration=Force/Mass, ie: the amount of muscular force you can exert, divided by your body weight=how fast you can accelerate. And yes, I am aware that there's probably a more mathematically accurate way of putting this.
Which Exercises To Do? It is at this point that you're probably asking which exercises you should train to develop those physical skills you desire. If you read my articles regularly, you will know what I am likely to say-compound free weight lifting!
In fact, I'll go out on a limb and say if you don't know which exercise you should do to develop a certain physical trait, you should always default to a compound lift unless you receive some further information that says otherwise. Training for speed or vertical leap is no exception to this rule.
If you are looking for sheer running speed and leaping ability, the power lifts that hit the lower body are most effective: deep 'Ass to grass' squats, deadlifts, and the clean and jerk are used by professional athletes to great effect.

Similarly, if you want the ability to throw a ball or punch harder, upper body compound lifts are the key: bench presses, overhead presses and, yes, the clean and jerk, will see you through.

So for those of you who are afraid that your athletic performance will be somehow impeded by heavy weightlifting, nothing could be further from the truth.
Read More: Improve Your Weightlifting With A Video Camera 


ARTICLE

  Brilliant Takedown Of Feminism From An Old Man Brilliant Takedown Of Feminism From An Old Man December 28, 2012 3 Culture 
Many of you are probably familiar with Fred On Everything , a member of the old guard when it comes to the fight against feminism. His Hooking Up article gives a birds-eye view of how feminism corrupted women, in a way that only a senior citizen who has seen it all can elucidate. 
What I don't get is, why are gals bitching? This is the world they wanted. They clawed and scratched and burned their bras and had court cases and threw fits to get exactly what they have. They hated men because, they said, men weren't letting them copulate frantically like men had always wanted them to. Men, or more likely their mothers, didn't let them make themselves unattractive by dressing like hod-carriers and swearing like sailors. Finally men gave in and now women hate them for that . Whatever happened to gratitude? […] 
Sally Sue might have teeth like pearls and brains and perky tits and a wacky sense of humor and actually be quite a prize, but sex trumps art. If Sally didn't say Yes, she knew that Greta would. Women had commoditized themselves. It was a marvelous thing for the testosterone wads we think of as college boys. […] 
'All you want is sex!' 
'Uh…what else have you got?' or 'So what?' 
Or, 'Marriage? Why? Would sex be better? Would food taste better? I don't get it.' 
Or, 'Marriage doesn't make sense. Do you want to eat in the same restaurant all your life?' 
Women weren't happen then and aren't happy now. Trying to please them will just sacrifice what you want while giving no guarantee that they'll be content, yet we still have beta males and white knights fighting among each other to appease the unappeasable. Will they collectively realize their folly? 
Maybe a more relevant question is if we want them to wake up. When I'm looting the Best Buy after a hurricane, I don't want to compete with other looters. It's possible the quality of goods I'd be able to steal would be much less due to the competition.

ARTICLE

Do you really like sexy women like the one in the photo above? Are you sure? Big Brother Google says 'Why don't you look at this story about alternative lifestyles about men who have realized what terrible misogynists they are for having sexual desires?' rather than searching for articles on for pick-up artistry .
Sooner rather than later, all Internet roads will lead to the same New World Order Socialist philosophy.
As profiling of Internet users becomes more prolific and the algorithms more sophisticated in the coming years, the news and information we search for will be tailored to slowly 'nudge' us one way or the other politically, one small step at a time.
The management of the information we get to read is already in its infancy.
Why do you think that 'free' app on your phone that only performs a few functions swells in size with each 'update' that is released? Do you really think they give a damn about your privacy and are plugging security holes? Hell no. The apps we download are moving from useful, low-resource using services to resource hogs (necessitating an upgrade in processing power every year or two) because they only provide us with a 'free' service in order to hook us so the apps can gather information about everything we've ever written on our devices for social engineers and marketing flacks. The apps are becoming more sophisticated in the way they monitor everything we do – which is why the apps need all that memory size.
And soon, apps will be gathering information about everything we've ever said aloud by using the built in microphones on each device and speech recognition technology. CIA agents confirm microphones can easily be activated even when a device is switched completely off.
This type of information will be collected in giant databases such as the Utah Data Center, with the ultimate goal being the corporate-government complex knowing more about us than we know about ourselves.
Big Brother Was So Yesterday Orwell's Big Brother idea never could have imagined the insidious nature of today's information technology
Today's information technology has put Big Brother on steroids.
The Waking Times details this frightful world that is already emerging as anyone who pays attention knows search engines are already tailoring information to what we search for and even what we text people about.
'Mr. X, we've studied the little virtual bubble you live in, and now we can sell you your own special brand of truth.'
Most of the time, the information one will see in this Internet bubble will be customized to suit a person's interests. This is why Facebook relentlessly pushes the 'Like a page or product' portion of its web site. This information is used to build a profile of a person that ultimately will be able to accurately predict the color of their next bowel movement.
If a man is interested in non-GMO foods advertising and 'news' stories will be tailored to inform him of grocers who sell organics and about news from 'approved' outlets with stories written on the topic. Most of the time, this will be insidious advertising and ads disguised as information.
'Hello, audience. We're going to pitch you on becoming full-fledged obsessed consumers, as if there is no other worthy goal in life—and then we're going to profile you from top to bottom, to find out exactly what kind of obsessed consumer you are, so we can hit you and trigger you with information that uniquely stimulates your adrenal glands…'
The Utah Data Center is designed to store exabytes of information on 'all forms of communication, including emails, cell phone calls, and Internet searches, as well as all types of personal data trails—parking receipts, travel itineraries, and bookstore purchases'
As another example: Okay, we know you are interested in traditional gender roles. We ( the information managers like Facebook and Google) will now to find news stories and customize the information you get to read online in order to cause you to doubt the validity of your beliefs. The ultimate goal is to slowly but steadily move you away from believing in traditional gender roles to believing in militant feminism without you realizing what we have done.
This type of information management is even more insidious than outright censorship, as it will be designed to steer everyone towards what the controllers of society want us to think and buy, no matter how far from the ideal consumer and fellow traveler we may be.
Think of it as a game of Plinko on The Price is Right, in which all chips ultimately fall into the 'perfect, braindead consumer' slot at the bottom of the maze. The social engineers' dream is a world of nothing but sexless consumers who perform mindless work in meaningless jobs, whose only outlets for pleasure are shopping and eating out and other State-approved activities.
Think that's hyperbole? Travel around the world for six months to a year, then come back to the United States and tell me what you think.
Little Information Bubbles Merge Into Big Information Bubbles We become what we are repeatedly exposed to, which is why a war is on for your mind
Once we have you believing a certain way or questioning your established beliefs, the key comes when it is time to steer public perception one way or the other. This is where the 'rubber meets the road' in the realm of managing the populace like so many sheeple.
BUT when a Big One comes along, like the 2016 national election in the US, the separate tunes come together and ring as one. Then the overriding need to extend Globalism's goals (in the person of Hillary Clinton) blot out every other priority. Then the major media twist whatever they need to twist. Then it's the same bubble for everyone.
Soon, just like the mainstream media on television and in print, everything you see online will be directed at making you think, behave and vote a certain way. The micromanagement and control of information just hasn't become that sophisticated – yet.
Obama already hinted that only 'official' information should be linked up by the corporate interests of Facebook, Google, etc. Look for Hillary to implement that idea with an iron fist if she is whisked into the Oval Office . An Internet security 'crisis' will likely be engineered in the near future in which—you guessed it—Big Daddy Government needs to step in and take control of the web. From there on out we will be back to corporate-government propaganda instead of the Libertarian's dream the current iteration of the Internet is.
So, the awakening we have seen from the brainwashing of the corporate media will be a temporary one if the elite have anything to do with it. The groundwork of this new, Socialist system of micromanaging information is already being laid. You already see it every time you do a search.
Someday soon the only information we'll be able to find online will be from sources the corporate-government complex approves of. Of course, there will be renegades and rebels like us who resist, but most of the braindead sheeple out there will go along to get along just as has been happening since time immemorial.
Our options will be to get off the grid or to move to a new Internet. Neither move will be peacefully tolerated by the powers that be.
Read More: Are Sweatshops Coming To America? 


ARTICLE

Is there any merit in taking a cynical view of life? Are the observations of cynicism realistic, brave observations on human nature, freed from sentimentality, or are they only the somber commentary offered by one who is a loser at the game of life, taking solace in his weakness and failure? There are compelling arguments either way. What is not disputed, however, is that François de La Rouchefoucauld was one of the most brilliantly cynical epigrammers who ever lived.
It probably did not help that he came from a long line of noblemen, for nothing so enfeebles the soul as much as inherited wealth and titles. He was born in 1613 and inherited the title of duke on the death of his father in 1650. Receiving the usual education of his class, he dabbled in military matters in his teens. Various itinerant love affairs followed with well-placed women, but some of these ended badly; we find him imprisoned in Bastille for a week in 1636 for political intrigue.

Although married, he continued to pursue other women, as was the custom of the time and his station. Marriages in those days were business affairs to be ignored at each party's pleasure or necessity; one such dalliance resulted in an illegitimate child, but the woman eventually rejected him for a more appealing competitor. In 1652 he found himself mixed up with a quasi-revolt called the Fronde, an adventure that left him with impaired sight when he was struck with a musket ball in the head. Health problems also intervened to add to his misery in the form of gout and melancholy.
In late seventeenth century France, the Paris salons were centers of debate, discussion, and the flowering of controversial ideas. By now La Rochefoucauld had acquired an acrid talent for stinging prose, and he knew how to use it. His failures in love and war had primed his spirit for a cynical view of life, and this predilection meshed well with the taste of the salons for savage wit. Nothing is so shallow as sophistication.
From his frequent visits to the salon of Mme. de Sable in Paris, he had begun to piece together a body of epigrams that represented his worldview. One of his peers had more commercial goals in mind, for a bootleg collection of 189 of his sayings was first published without his permission (and with no attribution) in 1663. Two years later he finally put out a proper edition; this contained 317 maxims. The volume was titled Sentences et maximes morales , but this is usually shortened to Maxims. 
There is a philosophy here. It centers around the idea that all men are self-seeking egoists to a fault; any 'virtue' a man displays is only a smokescreen concealing his self-love: 'Our virtues are only vices in disguise.' Human vanity takes precedence over nearly all else: 'Virtues are lost in self-interest, as rivers are in the sea.' Even the nobler emotions like love and altruism, according to La Rochefoucauld, are only a 'kind of traffic in which self-love ever proposes to be the gainer.' He took a dim view of women, finding them fit only for love (for men such as himself, of course) and procreation. One of his crueler maxims was 'few women's worth lasts longer than their beauty.'

But life's realities eventually caught up with him, softening his rougher edges. His wife, who had cared for him in his infirmities for eighteen years, died in 1670; his mother's death followed two years later. Two of his sons would eventually die of injuries received in France's ruinous wars of the period.
This gloomy picture was brightened by the entry into his life of the Mme. de La Fayette, who was twenty years his junior. She invited him to stay with her in Paris, and he was carried there with difficulty. She seems to have viewed him as a reform project; she would later say that 'He gave me understanding, but I reformed his heart.' Perhaps his fame made him an interesting captive. The union worked, and seemed to alleviate his dark picture of humanity; and when his final hours came, he asked for, and received, the last rites of the Church in 1680.
A fair assessment of La Rochefoucauld must take into account his undeniable wit, his probing sensitivity, and his ability to strip away the pretenses behind many human actions. Yet all in all, his maxims are meager in result. Many of them are superficial and shallow, the product of a personality still nursing the wounds of an early disillusionment. We weary of his aphorisms after two or three pages, and hesitate to reopen his book later.
Worse still, he was wrong to say that virtue and altruism are shams. Nothing is more vital to life, and we can see them around us every day, if only we know where to look, and as long as our senses are not blinded by fear. Timor animi auribus officit , as Sallust says: fear blocks out the ears.

Any bitter weakling can be a cynic, but it takes depth of character to accept the world's—and man's—faults and foibles, and to balance those against man's unquestioned capacity for greatness of soul. Broader life experiences might have corrected La Rochefoucauld's errors, but he preferred to remain in a state of arrested development while receiving the applause and notoriety of Paris society. His maxims can bring smiles to our faces, as it is easy to find amusement in the flaws of others; yet we forget that his barbs were directed at us as well.
Montaigne was far wiser, for he took a balanced view of life, accepting the world's absurdities and joys with the equanimity and calm resolution of a Greek or Roman sage. He was also a better man. La Rochefoucauld was intelligent without being wise, and never found the confidence in himself to submit his ego to the consolatory power of a higher philosophical authority in any form. Cynicism, in the end, strips a man of his most important protective armor, and leaves him naked to face the cruelties of life. No cynic ever died a happy man.
Read More: 7 Tips On How To Get Into The Best Shape Of Your Life 


ARTICLE

  6 Reasons Why You're Not Happy 6 Reasons Why You're Not Happy 
Corey is an aspiring iconoclast. He believes that the key to life is for men to honour their primal nature. 
Learn more about his views at theprimalmale.com You can also follow him on Twitter . November 7, 2016 Mind 
Happiness: it's what we all want as human beings no matter the differences in where we seek them. We are motivated to do things to be happy and we avoid things that may detract from it. Even those who claim that they don't care about happiness or that they're living for a higher purpose is doing what they do because it makes them happy. In that way, happiness is beyond a state of feeling; it is a state of being. 
Now, although you don't want to be obsessive about happiness and make your life revolve around attaining it, there are few things you can do to live a more fulfilling life and improve the quality of your being. And as it's often the case with self-improvement, I believe that addressing the bad habits will lead to a healthier life than trying to gain the positives. 
Here are some ways you may be sabotaging your own happiness. 1. You are chasing it 'I'll be happy once I finally…' 
The more you chase happiness, the less you have of it. And not only are people today chasing happiness, they're chasing all the wrong things in hopes that it will bring them everlasting joy. Money, women, and status may elevate your life, but they can't be the source of happiness alone. They will especially fail as being compensation for some void in your life that you're trying to fill. 
Also, know that your mood will naturally fluctuate over time. Constantly obsessing over how you feel and getting stressed over your emotional state will not help you. So, rather than jumping from one thing to another in hopes that it will boost your mood or dull your pain, focus on things that matter to you. It's far better to work on self-improvement and enhancing the overall quality of your life than be wavered by feelings. 2. You don't have the basics taken care of Good sleep is extremely underrated in our busy society. It affects your mood, testosterone level, mental capacity, and more. Prioritize sleep as much as you do with healthy diet and working out. 
It's often the basics that are overlooked. Ask yourself: Are you sleeping well (it's harder to tell than you think)? Are you eating healthy? Are you keeping yourself fit? Are you getting enough sunlight? Do you ever take the time to connect with nature? Do you have a stable life? Do you have a purpose or a meaning? I doubt most people have all of these basic needs checked off. But I'm willing to bet that an improvement in even one area will significantly improve a person's mood and well being. 3. You concern yourself with things you can't control 'No! Something bad is happening in the world and I can't do jack shit about it! Time to complain about it on the internet.' 
The more you sweat over issues which you can take no practical action over, the more helpless you feel and the more unhappy you will be. Of course, being able to tell the difference between what you can control and what you can't is an art in itself that you need to master through experience. One thing I'm personally doing to lower stress is to reduce my news consumption and be less concerned with events around the world that are irrelevant to my personal life. I'll read enough to get a general awareness of what's happening around the world, but I refuse to be emotionally invested in things I have no control over. 4. You lack intimacy and deep human connection If you don't have any friends to be vulnerable with, you didn't have any to begin with. 
I would argue that this is one of the biggest, if not the biggest factor in causing anxiety, depression, and general unhappiness in the modern world. Humans are social creatures and we need to bond with others. And beyond simply spending time with people to chat and drink, deeper connection needs to be made with people. The quality matters much more than the quantity. 
In today's society—especially in North America—it seems people have all become superficial and afraid of intimacy whether it be for friendship or romance. Without opening up your true self due to the fear of being rejected or ridiculed, all the relationships you have with others will not be genuine and it will not be fulfilling. 5. You are not living in the present reality You may be conscious, but are you aware? 
If you live in the past or the future, you lose touch with the present reality. That disconnection will cause longing which can only lead to dissatisfaction and loss of joy. 
The lure of nostalgia and daydreaming of a better life or an improved world is actually quite insidious because of how intoxicating it is. When your mind drifts to imagining a pleasurable experience or a more exciting life, you are tricked into thinking that the longing is happiness itself, sort of like how mirages work. On the contrary, studies have actually shown that you are actually happier (and more productive) when you focus on what you're doing right now even if the task is boring. So, stick to the reality and forget about your fantasies. Either make things happen or accept that you're just wasting your time and energy on wishful thinking. 6. You engage in junk activities 'I'm happy, I'm happy, I'm happy…' 
Just as there are junk foods, there are junk activities that may feel pleasurable at the time but dissatisfying and even harmful in the long-run. 
Ask yourself: do you really need entertainment? I've squandered my youth by immersing myself in long hours of digital entertainment day after day. I barely even noticed that I was unhappy the whole time because I was so sedated. And what did I even get out of them? Those were several hours everyday that I could have spent reading, working out, learning new skills, meeting new people, and experiencing the world. 
The fact is, giving up on entertainment has no negative impact on your level of happiness. Sure, you might miss them when they're suddenly gone, but overall, as long as you find more valuable things to do, your life can only get better when you ditch them. Learn to enjoy things that give you value rather than seeking enjoyment in things without value. Conclusion 
Unlike what many people today say, no one deserves happiness; that's something you'll have to earn. I'll go as far as to say that 'happiness'—as defined by modern standards—isn't even necessary and hard to come by for certain individuals. Everyone has their own path towards living life to his unique potential and there is no universal rule that applies to all. So while I haven't really listed anything specific for the reader to strive towards, I hope I laid out some pitfalls that you can avoid in your journey. Nov 7, 2016 Corey Savage

ARTICLE

I took the bread pill and started making my own bread. This video explains why and how I do it…

Visit my Youtube channel and hit the Subscribe button to see new clips before I drop them on the blog.
Previous Video: My Summer Vacation In Croatia 


ARTICLE

  Is Hillary Clinton's Entourage Involved In A Satanic Pedophile Ring? Is Hillary Clinton's Entourage Involved In A Satanic Pedophile Ring? Jean-Batave Poqueliche 
Jean-Batave is a martial artist from the viking stronghold of Normandy, France. He travels the world looking for new fighting techniques and new beautiful women. Eastern Europe taught him everything he knows and is his second home. His column runs every Thursday. November 8, 2016 News 
The latest batch of the Podesta emails shared by Wikileaks add a darker dimension (if it was even possible) to the sordid culture of corruption, lies and depravity that surrounds Hillary Clinton, explaining why the FBI has been calling her for quite some time now, the 'Antichrist personified' . 
It is a possibility that Hellary's clique attends and organizes Satanic rituals, involving mock-up scenes of cannibalism and sexual abuse involving children. 
One of the emails directed at Tony Podesta (John Podesta's brother) contains the following sentence: 

'I am so looking forward to the Spirit Cooking dinner at my place. 
Do you think you will be able to let me know if your brother is joining?' 
This really does not sounds like much until you discover the author of this invitation. She, who walks in the footsteps of the Beast 
This is the woman who sent the email, Marina Abramovic. Dressed in red and holding the skinned head of a dead goat, a clear reference to the occult character Baphomet 
There is proof that the Clinton Foundation directly transferred Abramovic ten thousand dollars in at least one instance for her 'services.' Abramovic carving a pentagram in the flesh of her stomach with a blade to show her artistic side 
A self-proclaimed artist, Abramovic hails from Serbia and regularly organizes 'performances' and events using what she calls 'Spirit Cooking'. 
This 'spirit cooking' includes mixing semen, breast milk, urine or fresh blood before consuming it or splattering it over various things such as life-sized representations of young children, like shown below: 
This performance included spelling with the body fluids, the following stanza: 
With a sharp 
knife cut deeply into the 
middle finger of your 
left hand 
eat the pain. 
Other examples of her 'art' (nowadays any revolting expression of bad taste if sporting the correct pair of problem glasses) include public dinners, where politicians, Hollywood stars, singers and decision makers gather to eat cakes that depict a naked human corpse or feast on the fake (I hope by all that is sacred) blood contained in a coffin where swims another human body. Celebrities that use demonic symbols in their persona such as Lady Gaga rush to participate to Abramovic's events Another heavy user of the occult symbols, Jay-Z, is a big fan of Marina 
These codes are all directly copied from rituals such as black masses or Sabat night reunions and popularized by figures such as Aleister Crowley from whom Abramovic draws direct inspiration. 
It is part of this growing phenomenon where the elites and celebrities close to power get caught, intentionally or not, showing symbols celebrating the ancient Babylonian rites or the worship of the Devil. On November the 4th, Clinton chose Jay-Z in a last bid to draw crowds to her empty rallies. Coincidence? Innocent children involved in that mess 
There is hard evidence that Bill Clinton traveled at least 26 times (sometimes without his bodyguards, it is all in the pilot logs) to billionaire and convicted pedophile Jeffrey Epstein's Island on board his plane, dubbed the 'Lolita Express,' as it is in this plane that the guests could allegedly have sex with minors. 
With this in mind, it is disturbing to notice that other Podesta emails refer to children as being the 'entertainment' at pool parties almost entirely attended by middle-aged men involved in politics. Other emails involve strange references to food such as 'pizza', 'cheese', $65,000 worth of 'hot dogs' for a party that attendees 'dream of' and 'recipes' that many sources suggest are code words for orgies involving minors and extremely young children. You can read more about it here . The Whole Clinton Bag of Crooks reeks of unnatural sexual behaviour and reproachable acts and we will certainly know much more in the days to come, as Hillary Clinton is still under FBI investigation as we speak. This follows the scandal surrounding Huma Abedin (Clinton's right hand and confidant) and her estranged husband, sex offender and champion one-handed texter, Anthony Weiner. It will take some time before they go through Weiner's 650,000 emails and decide of a course of action regarding these dark revelations and other atrocities of the Clinton crime family. La plus belle ruse du diable est de vous persuader qu'il n'existe pas Drawing by Ben Garrison 
These heavy accusations of Satanism remind us of the sexual blackmail practices said to take place among the popular hip-hop and Hollywood communities, as Roosh described in his related article , or other rumours linked to suspicious reunions involving the secret ceremonies of the elite such as the ones of the Bohemian Grove or the Rothschilds' parties of the 70s. 
If those recent speculations turn out to be true, it could have the effect of a bomb and mean a revolution. 
Observe the symbols of cannibalism, eerily similar in the three following pictures. Those are respectively: a scene of the Rothschild's 'surrealistic bal,' a painting hanging in John Podesta's office and one of Abramovic's dinners: 
I will let you be the own judge of the conclusions inspired by those images. My father is a very Cartesian fellow and a saying of his comes to mind: 
Just like Saint Thomas, 
I only believe in what I see. 
And what I see unsettles me.

ARTICLE

A 'gateway' between Western and Eastern Europe lies on the Charles River in the Czech Republic—Prague. It's been a Western tourist hotspot for many years now. Many people consider it a city 'overrun' by the Westerners. Ruined, and no longer worth it.
I've spent the last month of my travels here in Prague, and have had a good opportunity to contrast to a place further east– Ukraine. 
With that being said, here are 10 observations I've made about Prague.
1. Yes, It's Overrun, BUT… 
That doesn't mean you can't find places that aren't overrun. Yes, if you choose to stay in Prague zone 1, you're going to have a drastically different experience. There will be hoards of people with selfie sticks, and fat Western girls wobbling all over Old Town (blocking the already narrow streets).
If you head out to Prague 2, 3, 5, etc., you'll have a much different experience. You'll get to meet some locals, try beer other than Staropramen, and avoid the throngs of tourists.
Of course, it's important to note that Prague is a beautiful city. It's natural to want to see some of the sights. If you choose to go this route, there's simply no way around it.
2. The Reaction From Locals Changes Over Time 
Simply put, locals are used to Westerners. And most of them roll their eyes at them. However, once they know that you've laid down some semi-permanent roots, they're far more friendly.
Just the cashiers at the market below my apartment have done a complete 180 on me in the few weeks I've been here. It went from a general coldness that they show all English speakers to genuine warmth.
3. The Beauty (Of The City) Is Unreal 
This is my third time in Prague, and I'm still blown away by how beautiful of a city it is. From the castle to the riverwalks to all the colorful buildings, it's just a very pleasant place to be. There are a lot of beautiful cities in Europe, but Prague is definitely near the top of all of them.
You can't really blame people for wanting to come and see it.
4. Cheap By Western Standards, Expensive By EE Simply put, if you're looking for short-term rentals—you're getting hosed. And there's not many ways around it. Prague landlords know the power of Western currency and know that the short-term stag parties don't mind blowing it.
It's far, far cheaper to sign a lease for a 3, 6, or 12 month period.
A meal in a nice restaurant will probably run you between $8-12 USD. This is incredibly cheap compared to places like Italy, Spain, or London. At the same time, it's definitely a bit more expensive than places such as Kiev, Budapest, or some cities in Poland.
If you want actual numbers, I'd say it's about 30% more expensive than Kiev. Probably about 10-15% more expensive than Budapest (the last time I was there was April 2015, so keep that in mind), and just marginally more expensive than Poland.
Of course (as I keep harping on this), it's going to get cheaper the further you go from the Old Town area.
5. The Girls 
I know this is probably a large part of the reason you're reading this. So let's break it down. The girls are hot. They're not as hot as Ukrainian and Russian girls, but they're a step above Polish women. 
At this point, it's easy to see that any and all local Czech girls living in Prague are basically immune to foreigners. You aren't going to impress a girl by swooping in for a weekend and renting out a great pad with a view of the Old Town. In fact, she'd probably rather do almost anything but hang out in that area.
However, being a foreigner will give you some major value if you're living there. In Colombia, girls will bang you just because you're a foreigner. In Ukraine, they'll probably at least give you one date for being foreign. In Prague, they'll do neither— especially the high quality ones. 
However, the same things apply if you're living there (or coming back consistently).
Plus, it's not exactly rocket science to be higher value than the drunken tourists stumbling around. Just keep your liquor in check, and avoid putting a GoPro on your head–you'll already be ahead of the game.
6. Conclusion—Is It Livable? 
When you come from a place like Ukraine, Prague feels much more like home. The English is better, and it has a more Western feel. You can find the larger supermarkets and other comforts that are often rare in the Former Soviet Union countries (Ukraine, Belarus, etc.).
The question is whether or not it's worth it to deal with what comes with those Western amenities—high amounts of tourism and a general feel of it being taken over. There's no denying that Prague has probably lost a lot of luster for the adventurous single man compared to how it was 20 years ago.
However, Prague is definitely a good spot for a digital nomad to settle in and get some work done. The internet is fast, the city is interesting, and there are good expat groups that put on cool things to do.
You could do a lot worse.
Read More: 5 Habits All Successful Seducers Share 


ARTICLE

A favorite trope of feminists and women claiming workplace discrimination is that female staff are the victims of 'sexism' due to judgments about their appearance. But how many times have we all seen girls working in our building or out on their lunch breaks in attire more befitting of a Tinder date, raunchy nightclub, strip joint, or even the gym? Meanwhile, men must keep their fashion within a very narrow range of acceptability, otherwise they risk failing to get that fancy new job or could lose their current one.
Furthermore, guys learn to deal with the fact that the world does judge you based on your appearance. Many women have zero idea about this concept, only accepting the judgments they agree with or those ones that further their interests and career. For those opinions they don't like, they can always conveniently claim the person giving them is sexist or misogynist, or, just as amorphously, 'objectifying' a woman. This is classic attention-seeking.
Attention-whore Jayde Phoenix.
The epitome of this growing female narcissism is a British woman by the name of Jayde Phoenix . Touting herself as a 'IT security expert' (despite her academic and job credentials being a fraction of what it means to be highly qualified or plain non-existent), she suggested a 'guess the number of USBs in a jar' competition to promote her company. With her breasts nearly spilling out of a see-through top, she looked at the camera with a lustful gaze, what many on the Roosh V Forum would call 'a thousand cock stare.' Her clothes (and demeanor) better suited a street hooker than a 'professional.'
As we should have expected in our troubled times, the many critics of Phoenix's contrived appearance were labeled as 'sexists,' 'bullies,' and 'misogynists.' She herself tried to excoriate her detractors, emphasizing how 'good' she was at her job and the professional standards she supposedly meets every day. But there are a few questions both the original photo exercise and her subsequent justifications failed to answer, namely:
If she's so good at her job, why did she need to use a see-through bra in the picture? Why doesn't she wear a top size that comfortably contains her breasts, rather than flaunting them? Why is she and not someone else in the photo? Though the attention-seeking of Jayde and her employer first flared up several months ago, the dilemma of girls like her is an ongoing one.
Try getting employed in an office as a man with this sort of attire Baggy pants with your underwear showing 
The male office worker could be wearing black pants and not jeans, like in the photo, and sporting a typical business shirt. That doesn't matter. No white collar company worth a dime is going to hire a man whose boxers or briefs are showing down to his ass. Compare this to the parade of female office workers who go beyond showing their arms and the hint of a bra strap to exhibiting half the surface area of their breasts. In addition, if you haven't already noticed, the very short crop top is now a staple garment within American office (un)culture. It is not unusual to see a large part of a woman's bare stomach and back, including over-the-top tattoos.
Hawaiian shirts and board shorts 
Some workplaces, most notably those trying to appear 'hip,' have drastically relaxed the need for business attire. But these employers are definitely in the minority. A man with a penchant for Hawaiian shirts, board shirts or other beach clothing will find his career options drastically limited. As they should be! The way in which you relate to your friends or fellow tourists on a holiday is almost always far different from how you should deal with clients, investors, stakeholders and the like in your profession. Men save their best (or worst) Hawaiian shirt for office charity fundraising days, company summer parties and related functions, not an average day.
Leather, lycra or ridiculously tight clothing in general 
Inasmuch as tight clothing on men doesn't tickle your or my fancy, it's how ironic how an obese woman can wear garments twice or thrice as close-fitting in the workplace than a fit male. And, male office workers of the world, don't even consider wearing leather pants during your next boardroom presentation. The occasional gay man or metrosexual might escape sanction for some outlandish or garish outfit, but most industries, if they value their reputation with clients, will prohibit you from donning clothing that looks like it came from the wardrobe of Lance Armstrong or someone from Queer Eye for the Straight Guy .
Excuses for female attention-seeking are out of control It seems that 'Lady' Victoria Hervey and Jayde Phoenix read the same book.
There is little doubt that Jayde Phoenix's employer expected a backlash against her. In this sense, it was a very good marketing and advertising ploy (for those prospective clients who do not care about actual professionalism, of which there are many). As for Phoenix and other women like her, this situation is win-win. At the very least, she and those of her ilk can continue their day-to-day objectification of themselves, generating desperately craved male attention in particular. Even for girls who do not receive the public's spotlight, any roadblock or mishap in their career can later be blamed on 'misogyny' after judgments about their appearance.
At best, as happened in Phoenix's situation, she gets nation-wide and even global coverage. For narcissistic girls who take zero responsibility for how others may negatively perceive them, this is the coup of a lifetime. Yet as they age (and Jayde Phoenix looks far older than her early 20s), expect their antics to become more straw-clutching. And while these girls engage in sexual self-advancement and wage war over imaginary discriminations, the vast majority of male employees have no scapegoat they can use to rationalize their failures and virtually no means of combating institutionalized prejudice against their so-called 'privilege.'
By the way, is Jayde Phoenix's Arabic necklace indicative of some 'work' she may have done in Dubai?
Read More: 6 Types Of Photos Girls Use To Attention Whore On Tinder 



ARTICLE

The day has come. Within a few hours, we should know who is the next President of the United States. You can also follow results on the RVF election results thread or the high energy Donald Trump thread .
Don't Miss: If Donald Trump Doesn't Win, We're Screwed 


ARTICLE

Via AP : 
Donald Trump was elected America's 45th president Tuesday, an astonishing victory for a celebrity businessman and political novice who capitalized on voters' economic anxieties, took advantage of racial tensions and overcame a string of sexual assault allegations on his way to the White House.
His triumph over Hillary Clinton will end eight years of Democratic dominance of the White House and threatens to undo major achievements of President Barack Obama. He's pledged to act quickly to repeal Obama's landmark health care law, revoke the nuclear agreement with Iran and rewrite important trade deals with other countries, particularly Mexico and Canada.
The Republican blasted through Democrats' longstanding firewall, carrying Pennsylvania and Wisconsin, states that hadn't voted for a GOP presidential candidate since the 1980s. He needed to win nearly all of the competitive battleground states, and he did just that, claiming Florida, Ohio, North Carolina and others.
Global stock markets and U.S. stock futures plunged deeply, reflecting investor alarm over what a Trump presidency might mean for the economy and trade.
A New York real estate developer who lives in a sparking Manhattan high-rise, Trump forged a striking connection with white, working class Americans who feel left behind in a changing economy and diversifying country. He cast immigration, both from Latin America and the Middle East, as the root of the problems plaguing many Americans and taped into fears of terrorism emanating at home and abroad.
Trump will take office with Congress expected to be fully under Republican control. GOP Senate candidates fended off Democratic challengers in key states and appeared poised to maintain the majority. Republicans also maintained their grip on the House.
Senate control means Trump will have great leeway in appointing Supreme Court justices, which could mean a major change to the right that would last for decades.
Trump upended years of political convention on his way to the White House, leveling harshly personal insults on his rivals, deeming Mexican immigrants rapists and murderers, and vowing to temporarily suspend Muslim immigration to the U.S. He never released his tax returns, breaking with decades of campaign tradition, and eschewed the kind of robust data and field efforts that helped Obama win two terms in the White House, relying instead on his large, free-wheeling rallies to energize supporters. His campaign was frequently in chaos, and he cycled through three campaign managers this year.
His final campaign manager, Kellyanne Conway, touted the team's accomplishments as the final results rolled in, writing on Twitter that 'rally crowds matter' and 'we expanded the map.'
The mood at Clinton's party grew bleak as the night wore out, with some supporters leaving, others crying and hugging each other. Top campaign aides stopped returning calls and texts, as Clinton and her family hunkered down in a luxury hotel watching the returns.
At 2 a.m., Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta told the crowd to head home for the night. 'We're still counting votes and every vote should count,' he said.
Trump will inherit an anxious nation, deeply divided by economic and educational opportunities, race and culture.
Exit polls underscored the fractures: Women nationwide supported Clinton by a double-digit margin, while men were significantly more likely to back Trump. More than half of white voters backed the Republican, while nearly 9 in 10 blacks and two-thirds of Hispanics voted for the Democrat.
Doug Ratliff, a 67-year-old businessman from Richlands, Virginia, said Trump's election would be one of the happiest days of his life.
'This county has had no hope,' said Ratliff, who owns strip malls in the area badly beaten by the collapse of the coal industry. 'You have no idea what it would mean for the people if Trump won. They'll have hope again. Things will change. I know he's not going to be perfect. But he's got a heart. And he gives people hope.'
Trump has pledged to usher in a series of sweeping changes to U.S. domestic and foreign policy: repealing Obama's signature health care law, though he has been vague on what he could replace it with; building a wall along the U.S.-Mexico border; and suspending immigration from country's with terrorism ties. He's also praised Russian President Vladimir Putin and spoken of building a better relationship with Moscow, worrying some in his own party who fear he'll go easy on Putin's provocations.
The Republican Party's tortured relationship with its nominee was evident right up to the end. Former President George W. Bush and wife Laura Bush declined to back Trump, instead selecting 'none of the above' when they voted for president, according to spokesman Freddy Ford.
House Speaker Paul Ryan, a reluctant Trump supporter, called the businessman earlier in the evening to congratulate him, according to a Ryan spokeswoman.
Read the entire story 


ARTICLE

Gentlemen, Donald J. Trump is the new President-elect of the United States. Though a a few results may still be unclear, Trump has captured the perennial large battleground states of Ohio, Florida, Iowa, and North Carolina, plus Georgia. And, in a change not seen in more than a generation, he has seized Pennsylvania, Michigan and Wisconsin.
Pennsylvania and Michigan have not voted for a Republican Presidential candidate since 1988 and Wisconsin since way back in 1984. It appears also that states the Democrats thought were well and truly in the bag for them, such as Minnesota, Maine and Virginia, have stayed blue with only wafer-thin or very disappointing margins. The 2nd Congressional district of Maine, a state which divides its electoral votes along with Nebraska, has been called for the Republicans for the first time in nearly 30 years. The last time any Maine district voted for a GOP Presidential candidate was 1988, when George H. W. Bush seized all four electoral votes there.
Importantly, too, avowedly liberal states have seen significant turnouts for Trump. For example, counts so far show that some 40% of voters in Connecticut and Rhode Island, states with even more liberal media bias than the nation generally, have opted for the 'racist,' 'sexist,' and 'homophobic' Republican candidate. Their votes ultimately did not change the electoral college map, but it is heartening to know that even in the eye of the liberal storm, plenty of people are happy to support Trump. This is despite them facing fierce rebukes and, often enough, violence if they make their views public.
The 'clown' candidate has beaten 16 more 'experienced' Republican challengers and now Hillary Clinton, the most elite-backed candidate in the world's political history.
As tonight's results have shown, plenty of Trump voters in red and blue states alike have been forced to keep their beliefs quiet. Media airtime for pro-Trump views and stories has been deliberately minimized and frequently demonized by the major networks. Mainstream 'journalists' such as Glenn Thrush , Wolf Blitzer , Jake Tapper , Jessica Valenti , and Brent Budowsky have been caught collaborating with both the DNC and Clinton campaign (if you believe that these two groups are actually separate). This only increases the esteem in which the emphatic, resounding Trump victory needs to be held.
And let's not forget the Senate and House races! After months of spineless GOP cucks rushing to differentiate themselves from Trump, The Donald has still carried them to victory in both Houses of Congress . The White House, Senate and House of Representatives are all in Republican hands until at least the 2018 House midterms. Can you taste the very salty tears of the liberals and SJWs yet?
Every powerful vested interest not only supported Hillary, but did everything they could to ruin Trump Yes, it's happening.
Did you see the last major Hillary Clinton rallies? Celebrities-cum-political hacktivists, chief among them Lady Gaga, Beyoncé, Jay Z, Bruce Springsteen, Bon Jovi, and Katy Perry, all fell into Clinton's corner well before their final appearances for her, excoriating anyone who had the gall to support Donald Trump. Even long-term Republicans who betrayed Trump, like Arnold Schwarzenegger, were attacked by celebrity SJWs such as Robert DeNiro after they joined the 'Never Trump' ranks, as if they were dangerous saboteurs. The celebrity paranoia has been palpable for months. Hollywood, that broad industry taking in not just film stars but also singers, silver screen actors, and comedians, has become little more than an overpaid trade union for Hillary Clinton.
Likewise, every major American company that has come out for a candidate has come out for Hillary. Plenty of 'neutral' corporations have undoubtedly been funneling support to the Clinton campaign behind the scenes as well. Prominent billionaires like George Soros and Warren Buffett have done all they could to drag Hillary's stumbling half-corpse, both literally and figuratively, across the line. Whilst Trump has been supported by a number of ten-figure businessmen, these men are regularly attacked in the media. They include the scapegoated but brave Peter Thiel and Carl Icahn.
And then there's the mainstream media. Countless studies have indicated that about 85-90% of all journalists are liberal. This over-representation is more salient still in the upper echelons of newsmen and women, particularly prominent mastheads such as The New York Times , Washington Post , and Huffington Post , plus Democratic TV surrogates like CNN and NBC. The 2016 campaign has inflated this preexisting liberal bias, one that plagued the two George W. Bush Administrations but raged even more ferociously against Donald Trump over the last 18 months.
All of these media elites have lambasted Trump for over a year, at the same time they give the paltriest coverage of the disgusting Hillary, Podesta and DNC emails. Everything newsworthy on this front, from the overwhelming presence of Clinton Foundation donors in Hillary's Secretary of State diary book to more recent revelations about John Podesta's involvement with Satanic rituals, has been brushed off the balcony by the Wolf Blitzers and Chuck Todds of the American mainstream media. Yet Trump has triumphed nonetheless!
The new administration must crush the criminal Democratic elites and Clinton Foundation with the rule of law Will Hillary now find herself stumbling into jail?
Inasmuch as the Clinton campaign, the SJWs, and their big business and media enablers have been defeated in this year's election, they retain very well-oiled and effective means for trying to undermine President Trump once he takes office. Trump's first priority as Commander-in-Chief must be to remove the bureaucratic apparatchiks preventing a full and frank investigation of the Clinton Foundation. He also needs to clear the way for legal inquiries into the various criminal activities, as uncovered by Wikileaks, perpetrated from within the DNC and Hillary Clinton's campaign.
The Department of Justice in particular has engaged in all manner of skulduggery, most notably when Attorney-General Loretta Lynch had a private meeting with Bill Clinton during the most crucial time of the FBI investigation into Hillary's emails. Additionally, elements of the State Department illegally informed Hillary about new developments in that same case. Enough is enough. It's time to drain the swamp.
Election night produced another curve-ball: after weeks of calling Donald Trump a 'sore loser' for him not saying if he would respect the final result, Hillary Clinton refused to speak to her supporters and the American people. It would seem that she only telephoned Trump privately. So who's the sore loser now?
Last night we were witnesses to the greatest electoral sea-change in American—and perhaps global—history. We cannot lose sight of the work to be done, but for the next 24 hours we can bask in this unprecedented victory against all odds.
Hail to the Chief, Donald J. Trump.
Read More: 4 Reasons Donald Trump Will Win The Presidential Election Of 2016 



ARTICLE

Firearms panics happen over a variety of things, like acts of domestic terrorism, mass shootings, or Democrats getting elected to office. Though we may not have to worry about this for a few years after 2nd Amendment enthusiast Donald Trump's decisive victory last night, let's cover our bases and talk about a panic if future Democrats are elected.
What is a panic for ammo and firearms? A panic is when people go and buy items just to have them because they are worried that there will soon be no more, or it will be illegal to buy and sell such items, but maybe not to own them already, as most Americans still believe in the no ex post facto laws part of the Constitution.
Adding to a panic is speculators, who buy from retailers who are roundly shamed if they raise their own prices, only to resell privately at much higher levels. While this is legal, it certainly isn't ethical or a decent thing to do, and these folks deserve being shamed and mocked at every opportunity.
Lastly, the gun store's or site's inventory cannot handle the flex in the buying demand, nor can the manufacturer, and an artificially contrived panic creates a real scarcity that can only be corrected by the panic running out of steam as everyone buys what they consider to be enough and natural undercutting resets the price back to lower levels.
Some prices never return. 22 Long Rifle ammunition has still not totally recovered from the damage old B-rock 'the Islamic Shock' Obama did to it with his multi-year championship of Best Firearms Salesman Ever, and it may be even worse under the Bitch in Chief.
So, what gets grabbed in a panic? What should you get? What should you count on still being available? We've got three categories: guns, ammo, and components/accessories.
Guns Anything that's big on the liberal hit list is a first target for a ban, so it's a first target for a panic. Look for things that are popular with the right, and scary to the left. Also look for things that are modern; no one is going to ban the M1 Garand anytime soon.
Evil features matter more than destructive power. Anyone who knows anything about guns knows that the AK-47 and the AR-15 fire intermediate cartridges that are puny enough to be considered inhumane in several states with which to hunt deer as they lack the power to kill the animal with marginal shots. However, they're black and have mean things attached to them, so they're on the shit list, while a nice blued with wooden stock scoped bolt action rifle in a magnum cartridge capable of wrecking your world from twice the distance that an AR can pull is safe as it looks 'traditional.'

They have to be popular to the left to get noticed; rifles like the FAL and anything based of the G3/HK91 action simply don't have enough exposure to get targeted, unless they pull something sweeping like the USC 18 922r rules again. The Mini 30 and the M1A might be safe; maybe.
For pistols, pretty much any semi-automatic of the polymer age is fair game to want banned. Oftentimes, stupid rules like restrictive magazine sizes get pushed. 1911s, Hi Powers, other old domestic semi-autos, and revolvers should be safe. Expect the libtards to go after Glocks and the like.
Shotguns seem to be immune these days as there's not a whole lot of difference between a hunting gun and a combat gun other than paint and mag tube length. I think the Saigas are still not being imported, and it's about the only box mag fed one out there, but anything else makes a good home defense gun that should also be immune to the ammo panic portion as well.
Ammunition Range (full metal jacket) and defense/hunting (hollow or soft point) cartridges in popular centerfire calibers and 22 Long Rifle will almost literally evaporate from your local store and online, and it's probably beginning as I write this.
Oddly enough, only certain rounds will suffer panic buying. For rifles, it's limited to .223/5.56, 7.62×39, and .308/7.62×51. Traditional hunting rounds like 30-30, .243, and .270 do not seem to be impacted. Why doesn't 30-06 get bought in a panic? As the old joke goes, men with 30-06's don't panic, but it really has to do with the feedback cycle I mentioned at the start. If there's little demand, it cannot exceed the in-store supply, so the perception of it being gone for good cannot occur.
Everything but the shotgun shell and the howitzer round to the far right will sell fast in a panic.
Panic bought pistol ammo is the big 3: 9mm Luger, 40 S&W, and .45 ACP. .380 will round out the affected semi-automatic rounds, and there usually is a bit of a run on .357 Magnum and .38 Special as well. 10mm, .357 SIG, .45 GAP and other magnums like the .44 do not seem to be affected.
For rimfires, .22 Long Rifle just goes poof, while its Magnum brother and smaller, 17 caliber, cousins do not seem to be as affected. Rimfires are not reloadable, and this contributes to their over-stockpiling.
Components and Accessories Most centerfire ammo is reloadable, and the serious amongst shooters will roll their own for economy, self-reliance, and performance, so the consumable components will also get some panics. Although I've held off on reloading articles until I get my press set back up, we can hit up the components that will get panic bought briefly.

Biggest thing is primers, even bigger than the bullets, oddly enough. The primer is the little metal cup that gets smacked by the firing pin and sets off the powder in modern cartridges, and they come in two sizes for pistols, two for rifles, and of varying hardness to satisfy military specifications.
The second is gunpowder itself. Fortunately, there's a wide variety of smokeless powder, and everyone tends to have the brands and formulas they prefer, so it takes a little less of a hit than the primers. The third is the bullets, and since there are so many types and manufacturers, they also take a little less of a hit than primers. While you obviously need all three to reload, bear that in mind. Always save your brass, and anyone else's you can pick up.
Even though the little ones are easier to use, the higher capacity ones disappear first. Get both.
While it is always a good idea to have spare springs and small parts like firing pins and extractors that are prone to breakage, the number one accessory or part to take a hit in panics is the box magazine, especially 'high capacity' ones. I don't mean the 200 round drum mags, although those do take a dive, nor do I really mean the 100 round coffin mags, but I mean the full capacity full sized pistol mags, like a 15 round mag for a full sized pistol, or a 30 round AR-15 mag. Expect to see P-mags and surplus style aluminum AR mags just vanish. The Gabby Giffords Special, the extended Glock 17 30 round mag, is also a contender for vanishing fast in a panic.
Holsters, slings, cleaning accessories, optics, and ammo cans seem to be immune from panics.
What to do? If you already own a carbine and/or a semi-auto pistol, make sure you have enough ammo, magazines, and spare parts. It's a lot better to have one gun with multiple mags and a lot of ammo than many guns with the one or two mags with which they came from the factory and a couple boxes of ammo.
I try to have at least six mags for my semi-auto pistols, and at least ten mags for my semi-auto rifles. Get some rifle mags of different sizes, the 30 and 40 AR mags are fun for shooting standing up, but they get in the way of prone firing and the 10 and 20 rounders are preferable.
Your ultimate ammo goal, I maintain, should be a thousand practice rounds and 500 defense rounds for each gun you have, but, in a pre-panic or panic situation, just get what you can at a normal price; some is better than none. If you're into reloading, you know what to get already.
If you don't own anything, and want to soon, refer to some pistol articles , a rifle article, a shotgun article, and a buying guide here. Consider buying some stripped AR lowers to build on a rainy day later on.
Build an AR and meet girls at the range?
Conclusion No matter who got elected, I think this country is in for rough times. It's always better to have firearms and not need them, then not have them and need them. Store yours safely, but accessible and ready in times of need. 
Read More: 5 Firearms A Man Should Own 


ARTICLE

Rejoice, gentlemen! The tears of liberals are flowing freely, as Donald Trump has recently been announced president. All of the hard work that we've committed ourselves to over the past year has finally come to a close. It's truly an event of the ages: a hard working, American businessman beat out the globalist titans and Satanic elite.
In the spirit of this great victory, I believe that we're all entitled to some enjoyment. This article will be solely dedicated to bathing in liberal tears; and, mark my words, it will be glorious. This is the beginning of the end of SJWism, and I think it's high time we soak in the fruits of our labor.
Hillary HQ: Morale Obliterated Sorry guys, there's no brakes on the #TrumpTrain
As poll results came in, moving Trump from a measly 2% chance to a whopping 95% chance of seizing the presidency, libtards began crying all across the nation. Turns out that America does not, in fact, want their Lord and Savior Hillary Rodham Christ, to be president of the free world.
Note the sour expression of the woman on the far right.
Unfortunately for you guys, Trump has won the presidency. Sorry illegals—you're out. SJWism is coming to an end, the mainstream media is dying off, and we're going to make America great again.
'You mean we won't be letting in 60,000 violent refugees? Oh no!'
Here's a video compilation:

#TheShakening 

Too late. He won.




#LiterallyShaking

Literally Can't Even Literally (Literally) Hitler 



As am I, Frosty. As am I.

The Regressive Left Can't Cope with Reality 
If you're having this much trouble dealing with Trump's presidency, you shouldn't even be allowed to vote.



She doesn't realize that Democrats keep the black population down by giving them free handouts and encouraging squalor.




Oh, the feels! How can these people lead our country when they can't even contain their emotions?
Professional Victim And Concern Trolling Olympics 


Meanwhile At Trump HQ 
Notice the general lack of high-estrogen men. Most of these guys don't seem to be lacking in testosterone.

This man is giving a toast to Donald Trump. 'To making America great again!'



Thank You Mr. President! Let's #MAGA Read More: Wall Street, Hollywood, The Media And SJWs Fail To Stop Donald Trump From Becoming America's Next President 


ARTICLE

  5 Things America Can Learn From Hungary's Resistance Against The Migrant Masses 5 Things America Can Learn From Hungary's Resistance Against The Migrant Masses 
The PAPRIKA PLUTOCRAT is a spicy capitalistic Hungarian blogger. Follow his unyielding assaults against Cultural Marxism on his blog, paprikaplutocrat.com November 10, 2016 Politics 
On the 2 nd of October Hungary has seen a stunning manifestation of national unity, as 98% of votes cast on a referendum regarding the EU-imposed migrant settlement quotas were declared a strong and undebatable no. Now the Hungarian national parliament works at incorporating the referendum results as an amendment to the country's constitution. While some left-wing news outlets—like the Guardian—celebrated the supposed inadequacy of the referendum, it is beyond dispute that the message of the voting is strong and firm. 
Here are five lessons we can learn from this monumental stand against globalism. 1. Democracies Need Strong Leaders 
Wimpy western politicians would have their voters believe that personality does not matter. Strong, witty, and masculine politicians are often depicted as exponents of a 'fascistic personality cult.' Nowadays, it seems, not much distinction is made between being a macho and being a Nazi. 
In reality, all great western democratic leaders were strong men—and sometimes women. Winston Churchill, Charles de Gaulle, David Ben-Gurion, Ronald Reagan and Margaret Thatcher were not known for being timid, politically correct politicians who would retract and apologize for every past comment that they've made. Do you think that today's EU politicians and Western leaders could have beaten Hitler or won the Cold War? 
Hungary's Viktor Orbán might have some faults, but he is certainly not a shy and weak politician who lacks magnetism. Even his opponents will grant him that he has a rare political talent and an almost visionary skill for seeing future happenings: think of how one year ago Hungary was the first European country to build a wall to keep the migrant wave out. Today, most countries—from Austria to Great Britain—follow his lead. 
Just listen to his 15 th March, 2015 speech (made on Hungary's national holiday commemorating the country's 1848 freedom fight against the Habsburgs). Look at how he is standing in the rain, without some guy holding an umbrella over his head. This man has speaking skills, grand views, and balls: 
The idea that Western democracies can function with leaders who 'have the charisma of a damp rag and the appearance of a low-grade bank clerk'—to quote Nigel Farage who has so sharply put it to Herman van Rompuy—is a lie and has no foundation in reality. Democracy is about the masses; the masses need inspiration and leaders; democratic leaders therefore have to be strong and need game themselves. 
I am personally a friend of monarchies, and I have libertarian arguments for it; but as long as the western world believes in democracy, we cannot have cucks and wimps protecting it. 2. Liberty Is Protected By The Right-Wing 
Anyone who believes in game enjoys the fruits if Western liberal capitalism, like it or not. Yes, the modern world has its faults, but freedom of speech, freedom of sex life, freedom of entrepreneurship and freedom of travel are all essential parts of our lifestyle. Of course, these are tenets that the left hates today; in fact, if you want to live free and live a masculine lifestyle, the 'liberalism' of today is certainly not your friend. 
Therefore I'm going to write about 'liberty,' and not 'liberalism.' One can debate the difference between these terms; in short, what I mean is that the left today doesn't want you to be free, but wants a politically correct nanny state to control and plan every move you make, and punish you if you do not oblige. 
The right, however, still stands for the basic concept of personal liberty that we have grown to love and respect. Hungary has been criticized a lot by left-wing groups for having curbed some freedoms; I will agree that some of these state actions were unnecessary and hardly defensible. But Hungary—and Eastern-Europe—today still has more freedom than some corners of the oh-so-liberal-and-tolerant Western world. 
In Hungary, universities rarely propagate the debased agenda of social justice wars; cultural Marxism is regularly attacked and barely tolerated; feminism is rare and marginal, and the country is, overwhelmingly, conservative and right wing (the governing party with two-thirds of parliamentary seats is centre-right, the largest opposition party is openly far-right). In the capital city of Budapest, one of the best and cheapest cities for night-life and gaming in Europe, you will certainly not be prosecuted for stopping hot girls and asking for their number—unlike some Western cities. 3. Minorities Are Misled 
The Hungarian press—much outside of the view of the grand world, due to our rarely known and complicated language—has been in throes for the past few months about the migrant crisis. Like most Eastern European countries, Hungary barely has any immigration or Muslims. In fact, if there's a black person on the street, people will often turn their heads. 
Debates that have been present in the Western media—about Muslim integration, terror and Islam, 'Palestine' and Israel— have only recently surfaced in the Hungarian press. Minorities, of course, have been misled by the left-wing press into believing that the migrants were 'refugees,' 'poor victims whom he have a responsibility to assist.' The Jewish press (meaning official Jewish congregation organs, not conspiracy theories) and LGBT groups voiced their concern for tolerance and non-violent communication. 
It is probably not a grand revelation to most readers of this site that Muslim immigration brings little good to minorities. As Milo Yiannopoulos said in a lecture of his, the Muslims are 'not on top of the oppression ladder, but they want to kill all the others on the oppression ladder.' Minorities have been misled into following the agenda of the political left; the sight of Hungary's gay public personalities demonstrating for letting in Muslims in front the parliament is a clear proof of this. 4. Feminists Love Islam 
Feminism in Hungary is a rare bird, but it does exist. One such radical Marxist-Feminist made the news when she openly argued that there could be 'no terrorists among Muslim refugees'; this, of course, was before the Paris and Brussels attacks, many of the perpetrators of which arrived as 'refugees' through Hungary. A few days ago I stumbled across the Facebook page of another fine specimen: this hardly attractive girl celebrated the 'empowerment' of the hijab which, according to her, was a beautiful expression of female's voluntary decision to defy the dating market. 
Describing such violent and shameful oppression of people as 'voluntary self-empowerment' is crazy. Feminists live in denial of facts, and the recent alliance between crazy radical Islam and Marxist Feminism only proves that neither has any love for Western culture. 5. Eastern Europe Is Still OK 
The Western media gleefully celebrated the fact that with a voter turnout of a little more than 40%, the 50% limit of required turnout was not reached. According to Hungarian laws however, a referendum with 25% or more electorate turnout is valid, even if not politically binding. The Hungarian government will soon amend the constitution to declare that Brussels cannot force the country to take in immigrants without the consent of the people. 
Such a policy is clear and sound. The message is that Eastern Europe—with all its faults, economic lagging and sometimes real intolerance—is still a better place to live for masculine men that many a place in the western world. Here masculine lifestyle is appreciated, Donald Trump has grand support—even Viktor Orbán voiced his good wishes for the Republican president-elect—and feminism has failed to win any serious ground. 
Eastern Europe is still not lost, and Hungary is certainly among the best options for men of game today.

ARTICLE

There are some things that we have learned about the United States from this election. We'll need to keep these in mind as we make efforts to return sanity to society.
The federal government has been corrupted Probably the most shocking lesson of this election is that the entire federal government has been coopted to serve a single party—the Democrats. The best example of this was the behavior of FBI Director James Comey. The FBI is part of the Executive branch of government so Comey reports to Loretta Lynch, who in turn reports to Obama. Despite this fact, one expects that the FBI be allowed a high degree of discretion to honestly investigate individuals regardless of which political party they belong to. After all, the US was founded upon the idea that we are all equal before the law.
Comey's actions reveal that the FBI has thrown equality before the law out the window. At first the FBI investigated Clinton's use of an unsecure, personal email server to conduct national business while she was Secretary of State. But even though Clinton apparently violated several laws that have gotten other people severe jail sentences, Comey exonerated her back in July with a hand slap.
In a move that surprised everyone, Comey re-opened on October 28th the criminal investigation of Clinton after 650,000 emails State Department emails were found on pervert Anthony Weiner's computer. Trump supporters rejoiced and Hillary supporters expressed outrage. But the White House calmly called Comey 'a man of integrity.' Did they know something we didn't?
It turns out the fix was in from the beginning because just 48 hours before election day, Comey exonerated Clinton again . The FBI director likely intended to clear Clinton of wrongdoing before the election to defuse Donald Trump's criticism of her.
The big lesson is that the law is applied selectively. Wealthy, politically-connected people don't need to play by the same rules as everyone else. Unless this situation is corrected, it means the rule of law is dead—and that is a very grave lesson indeed.
The elites are in control but… Elites want you to believe they are super smart and super powerful like the Great Oz.
I've written many times about the control that globalist elites exert on the country through their control of the media, educational institutions, and politicians through the form of bribes (donations, cushy job offers, speaking fees). By controlling the flow of information and setting the narrative, the globalists are able to control the masses like cattle. The good news is that their control is not complete. They are not omnipotent.
The weakness of the elites has been demonstrated in three ways. The first was with the Brexit vote. When Prime Minister David Cameron agreed to hold a referendum on the UK's membership in the EU, he never dreamed that Britons would actually vote to leave. All the polls at the time showed that any movement to leave would go down in flames. Still, through the work of men like Nigel Farage and Boris Johnson, the British populace voted to leave the EU. The Brits on the leave side had to endure being called racist and look past polling that said they had no chance to win.
The second way was the campaign of Trump himself. The GOP had planned a coronation for Jeb Bush. The rest of the GOP field was 'me too' candidates who were virtually indistinguishable from Jeb. Trump came in with an uncompromising message and crushed Jeb and the rest of the little Jebs. The elite plan to have Hillary versus a weak conservative was completely thrown into disarray by Trump's campaign. Even if Trump has lost the general, it is still a victory because now, instead of seeing the Great Oz, we see the globalists behind the curtain.
The third manifestation of the weakness of the elites is the rise of the Alt Right. A tiny group of young people on the internet was able to quickly wake up large segments of the population. Only a year ago, terms like nationalism and globalism were rarely heard in the US. Now, we have grandmothers in Texas tweeting about how we need to lay the axe to the globalists.
The overall lesson is that we should not fear the globalist elite. They exist and they are able to fool a majority of the population, but not all of us. With sound strategy, they can be defeated.
The Elite have completely divorced themselves from non-elites 
In the past, Europe had an aristocracy. This aristocracy had a close relationship with the rest of the people in the country. The aristocracy was expected to defend the nation in case of war. They also had the same religion as the rest of the country. We already knew that the modern 'aristocracy' of the globalist elites has no responsibilities toward the rest of us, but, thanks to WikiLeaks, we have now learned that they don't even share the same religion.
WikiLeaks revealed that Hillary Clinton and her campaign manager are close friends with Marina Abramovic, a Serbian artist who performs occult rituals she calls ' spirit cooking .' Spirit cooking appears to be set of magical rituals that use bodily fluids such as menstrual blood, urine, and semen to achieve certain goals, usually sex-related. It also involves at least minor sacrifices: one 'recipe' calls for cutting one's figure and 'eat[ing] the pain.'
While spirit cooking is certainly grotesque, it is not my intention to focus on it except to point out that it has become a sort of initiation ritual into the US globalist elite. Hillary Clinton, John Podesta, Jay-Z and Beyonce, Lady Gaga, and Gwen Stefani have all attended these rituals and I would not be surprised to learn that many other politicians, CEOs, and bankers also participate. Getting invited to one of these spirit cooking sessions means that you have gained entry into the wealthy elite in the US. There are probably similar groups or rituals for the modern day European elites.
There are several things at work here. Most of the spirit cooking participants probably don't believe in the efficacy of the spirit cooking ritual. It is more like a college fraternity initiation. It only means something in terms of one's social standing. Also, the satanic imagery of spirit cooking and its sexual overtones are big middle fingers to Christianity which our elite regard as the religion of the unwashed masses.
In both of these ways, our modern 'elite' have separated themselves from the rest of us. They don't share the same destiny as us. If the country starts going to hell, the wealthy elite can just pick up and move to another country or they can live in small, heavily guarded compounds, untouched by the damage their policies have caused. And they even lack a common morality with us. In their own eyes, their wealth has somehow put them beyond the traditional moral code that guides the rest of us.
The fact that the elites have no regard for the rest of the country does not bode well for them. The aristocracy of old knew that their fortune was bound up with that of their countrymen. The modern elite lack this wisdom. Once enough of the hoi polloi realize it, it is only a matter of time before these pseudo-elites are deposed from their pedestal.
Conclusion With Trump's election, the problem of federal government being used for political purposes will be mitigated. However, the problems with our indulgent pseudo-elite will continue to be a force that prevents the patriarchy from returning. In any case, we can be grateful that the election of 2016 has exposed some of the cancers that are eating away at our society.
Read More: Rigged: FBI Reveals It Has Evidence Hillary Clinton Broke Law, But Will Not Prosecute 


ARTICLE

  Why So-Called Intellectuals Do More Harm Than Good To Society Why So-Called Intellectuals Do More Harm Than Good To Society 
André is a young European who left his decaying country in 2012 for greener pastures. He enjoys exploring subterranean places, reading about a host of interconnected topics, and yearns for Tradition. November 11, 2016 Culture 
The existence of intellectuals is more ubiquitous today than ever. Many are those who contend for public attention, credibility, and money as a reward for their wits, not to mention the very status of intellectual. Yet the existence of such people is far from self-evident. For centuries, traditional societies barely had anything or anybody that looked like modern intellectuals, and this did not prevent them from lasting hundreds or even thousands of years. 
So, as we elaborate projects and ideas for reforming the depraved societies of the Empire of Nothing—a necessary step if we want a lasting victory—an important question must be confronted: do we need at all what has been called 'intellectuals' during last centuries? And if we do not, what should we have instead? The origin of modern intellectuals 
At the heart of modernity lies a deep crisis. Before it, Western Europe was united by the same Christian faith and a basic agreement on the place of economy—subordinated to guilds and the rights of the average producer. 
When modernity reared its philosophical head through René Descartes, a prominent thinker of the seventeenth century, the Old Continent was in a much more problematic state: Christianity had splintered into various opposing faiths whose intellectual opposition was shaking everything to the core. We have been told that the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries were a glorious new flourishing of intelligence. But, in fact, thinkers who actually lived at this time had quite a different impression. 
The Irish bishop George Berkeley (1685-1753) criticized how the practice of philosophy had become, on his age, synonymous with getting embroiled into 'thousand scruples… prejudices and errors of sense,' a situation he attributed to 'the wrong use we make of our faculties.' Likewise, the Scottish philosopher David Hume (1711-1776) scolded his contemporaries for being too eager to criticize the 'systems' of others for the sake of pushing their own on the scene, that is, a mutual hypercriticism that led to a general lack of certitude about everything: 
There is nothing which is not the subject of debate, and in which men of learning are not of contrary opinions. The most trivial question escapes not our controversy, and in the most momentous we are not able to give any certain decision. Disputes are multiplied, as if everything was uncertain; and these disputes are managed with the greatest warmth, as if everything was certain. Amidst all this bustle it is not reason, which carries the prize, but eloquence… From hence in my opinion arises that common prejudice against metaphysical reasonings of all kinds. 
The first precursors were honest in their endeavour to solve the crisis. Descartes, Berkeley, Hume and many others genuinely sought a grand encompassing theory that could resume with all controversies. But soon the very controversy became an institution. A whole market of ideas was growing, in which more and more lettrés started to see an opportunity to make a name, thus earning fame, social standing and sometimes money. Hume could not help himself: soon after criticizing those who fed the crisis by attacking the others' 'systems' while promoting their own, he was doing the same. 
Such was the so-called Enlightenment: the further undermining of any spiritual, philosophical or cultural unity by ambitious individuals ready to hustle for notoriety. They would be experts at flattering the powerful, mocking the Catholic church, fiddle fashionable themes and 'witty' prose, and more than everything else rationalizing their activity as a 'progress.' The very expression 'Enlightenment' stems from their willingness to market themselves to the posterity. The intellectuals' bread and butter 
It can be noted that, from the amateur gentlemen of the eighteenth century, generations of scientists have sprang up. Some of these characters were mathematicians, engineers, doctors, or dedicated observers of nature, and they all contributed to improving general human power over matter . But make no mistake: even science needs problems and unknown stuff to justify careers and research, thus following a headlong rush dynamic. At its side, the literary intellectuals need more problems so they can have the opportunity to sell themselves through claiming they want to solve them. 
The momentous crisis turned into a crisis structure and the structure turned into a mark of the modern West. Where God ceased to speak, the modern talking head took more and more territory and wrote dozens of books trying to prove he was the embodiment of progress. It doesn't matter if problems are genuine or artificial. Intellectuals need them like a blacksmith needs iron. 
Two typical intellectual characters are Voltaire and Émile Zola. Both were gifted writers, both were charming and witty, both managed to write about matters that were actually relevant to their times, and both have used a trial with political overtones to make a show of themselves. (Not so incidentally, both were French and participated to the furthering of a twisted literary chauvinism.) 
Voltaire took advantage of various trials to claim that the defendants were accused because they were Protestants inside a Catholic country. The infamous affaire Calas , from the name of a father who was accused of having murdered his own son, was used by the shrewd philosophe to sending pathetic letters to the upper crust of the society, stirring the public opinion, pressuring magistrates, until the father—who had been convicted and executed after a thorough investigation—was rehabilitated. Two centuries and a half later, young Frenchmen are still taught Voltaire was a champion of truth, justice, and reason, whereas he was more like a playwright who peddled influence. 
Zola, more than a century later, did the same. A Jewish-French captain, Alfred Dreyfus , was convicted for high treason after he allegedly communicated secret documents to Prussia. Years later, some new evidence seemed to indicate that Dreyfus was innocent and that another officer had leaked the documents: at this very moment, Zola published an incendiary article, J'accuse , where he spat on the judges and cried about the injustice of the affaire . Eventually, Dreyfus was rehabilitated—and the army, the patriots and the Catholics were shamed through a never-ending media discourse that casted them as villains of the whole story. 
Voltaire and Zola played the same role in a narrative of the exact same kind. We are taught about a situation of injustice, where the majority of the population is oppressing an innocent group through an innocent individual and crooked institutions. Fortunately, a heroic talking head rises, miraculously converts the opinion to recognize the poor innocent victim as such, the talking head is crowned as an awesome thinker beyond boundaries whereas some are fairly vilified as 'oppressors,' and the poor victim's rehabilitation is also the victory of reason, justice, and progress. 
Thus, the intellectuel in the most typical sense is a highly paradoxical creature who becomes taught in classes after having seemingly rebelled against dominant institutions. Teenagers are led to think that heroic and highly intelligent individuals can turn the tide of unfavourable opinion… provided they follow a mysterious sense of history. There have been a lot more intellectuals than the mere classics, and often those rejected by the official narrative are more interesting than those inside. Who's gonna pay? 
Even if you are gifted with words and language, being a talking head does not pay much. Would anyone be ready to pay you for giving an opinion, no matter how elaborate, on anything? The problem of money is a good starting point to connect the dots: Voltaire was close from wealthy Protestants bankers, one of whom even helped him to obtain a house in Geneva, and Zola was a Rotschild protégé . Both of them contributed to tarnish Catholicism and most of their own people. In other words, they served interests that could pay them—they were sellouts. 
Today, some bloggers happen to earn money as independents, especially when they found themselves a niche. Yet independence is scarce. Way too many people would like to live from their wits, and, even more, obtain recognition as intellectuals. More than often, intellectual types turn into teachers, journalists, or even marketers—thus depending upon an institution that pays them. 
In North America, the war against whites and masculinity is massively subsidized , whether in the academic or in the media. You won't easily find a job there if you take a critical stance on cultural Marxism. And in case you wouldn't be self-hating enough, they are already replacing you with 'minority' individuals who are rewarded for spewing wordy venom daily. 
Old Marxism was well-aligned with the interests of intellectuals as a class, not as individuals. It handed them an official status and flattered their ego by casting them as the vanguard of 'progress.' Keynesianism triumphed for the exact same reason as it justified the creation of a bloated State where model-obsessed nerds enjoy a tremendous power over those who produce actual wealth. Intellectual types historically joined the left because it gave them a status, money, and moral recognition. 
But the whole Marxist vocabulary of 'progress' and 'emancipation' dissimulated what seems glaring today. Namely, that intellectuals were recognized and paid, not because they were enlightened or bright, but because they were an efficient tool of destruction. 
The conservative right has often lacked a milieu for intellectual types. The average conservative was reluctant to pay someone he saw as a parasite. Such a lack pushed a number of high IQs to the arms of the left, who made an establishment out of them and paid them to enforce globalism, anti-whiteness, anti-masculinity, pathological altruism, transgender madness, 'politically correct' repression and so on. Intellectuals were never paid to say the truth: they were paid as tools who performed a primarily destructive social function. 
If we happen to beat cultural Marxism, what shall we do with intellectual types? If we are to dismantle globalism and build healthier societies, we have to think about what we will replace the bobo -leftist establishment. The intellectual mediocrity and spinelessness of the average conservative is no solution. A truly traditional society would likely have initiates, something akin to high priests and knights, in lieu of vacuous and coward talkers. How exactly we go there or how exactly this could look today is another question. Conclusion 
The French essayist Alain Soral once famously said, 'a journalist is either a whore or without a job.' This is even truer for most intellectuals, sold as they are to a destructive left or (more seldomly) to the inefficient right. 
Culture is overrated. What the mainstream refers to under that name is a giant matrix, full of lies, taboos, and the snobbery of talking heads who end up lying to everyone or believing into their own bullshit. No wonder why the shrewd Robert Greene advised to be an 'intense realist': one must cultivate inner intuition and situational awareness not to fall prey to some of the claptrap that constitutes at least eighty per cent of current mainstream 'culture.' 
The previous generations could join the cultural Marxist establishment and pretend their destructive, ego-laden works were progress. To our generation, this is impossible. Either we stand up for our very existence, even if we must go against more than two centuries of manipulations and lies, or we resign ourselves to an ignominious death. Before we take the power back, a shared awareness must be stimulated, and this is where we enter in direct conflict with the well-funded anti-white, anti-masculine establishment types, whom we must beat on their own field once and for all. Bonus: 6 quotes about the intellectuels 
Some of the problems that modern philosophical thinking puts forward appear void of any importance and meaning. [Modern philosophy] features a range of issues that merely stem from an equivocal stance and the confusion of different viewpoints. These issues only exist because they are poorly framed. They have no fundamental reason to exist. In many cases, defining their statements more precisely may be enough to make them disappear, plain and simple, if [modern] philosophy did not strive to maintain them, because it makes a living out of ambiguity. — René Guénon, Introduction to the study of the Hindu doctrines , chap.8. René Guénon (young) 
Philosophers care much more about putting forth problems, no matter how artificial and illusory, than about solving them… They also strive to link their name to a ‘system,' that is, to a strictly bounded set of theories they would own and consider as their nothing more than their own work. Hence the desire to be original at any price, even if the truth must be sacrificed on the altar of said originality. A philosopher who cares about his repute does better by making up a new mistake than by repeating some truth that has already been expressed by others. —René Guénon, The Crisis of the Modern World , chap.5. René Guénon (older) 
The most evident feature of [modern] critique is the lack of principles and of authenticity. Its greater preoccupation consists in being brilliant, in appearing original… From the point of view of those who embody this ‘intellectuality,' the catchy line, the dialectical or polemical posturing well noticed by others, have a much greater value than truth. Ideas, when they use them, are nothing but a pretext. What matters is to look intelligent—just as, to the mainstream politician, the ideology of a party is essentially a means for career. The ‘vanity fair,' the most deleterious subjectivism, often verging on pure and unmitigated narcissism, are essential components of this phenomenon… The ‘critique' is a scourge of modern culture, an epidemic that was born out of bourgeois society concomitantly with the commodification of culture… In normal, traditional civilizations, one could find creators, artists, and those who would judge the works without intermediaries: the sovereigns, the patrons, and the people. Our times have witnessed the appearance, between the public and the creators, that cultural pimp, that cheeky and presumptuous parasite we call a ‘critique.' — Julius Evola, The Bow and the Club Baron Giulio Cesare Evola 
Show me more venal, more insensitive, more corrupt minds than those of the literate caste! How many of them do you know whose virtue would still be uncorrupted? Who, but them, for over thirty years, kept flooding us with a loosened morale, a disdain for work, a disgust of duty, a disrespect for family, who but the literary? Who dipped into secret funds more shamelessly than they did? Who seduced women, softened the young, excited the nation to more debauchery than they did? Who did abandon cowardly the princes after begging for their favours…? So-called men of letters, always! They run like harlots between the legitimate government and usurpers, between monarchy and republic, between politics and socialism, between atheism and religion. Everything is good to them as long as they can make a profit and be fashionable out of it. — Pierre-Joseph Proudhon (quoted by the following one) Pierre-Joseph Proudon 
Compare, for example, seventeenth century writers with those of the eighteenth. What a difference in tone and gait! The former, under a veneer of servility, have the most noble and proud stance… They do not pretend to reign. They merely stand at their place, recognize the place of a superior power beyond, give themselves completely to their writing task, dismiss the temptation of advertising and demonstrate their professional dedication. On the other hand, look at the Voltaire, Diderot and the like: they open well the era of intellectuals, writing stooges as they are, courtiers of princes they flatter and despise at the same time—something they are forced to do as they want to usurp their power… Their courtier nature reveals in everything they do… The whole eighteenth century, both spiritual and plain on a scoundrel background, is libertine, and already pornographic: such is the start of literary mercantilism; people of letters make money out of their writings, pretend to financial independence, and they write garbage to flatter the opinion of their public. — Édouard Berth, Les méfaits des intellectuels ('the misdeeds of the intellectuals'), Introduction Édouard Berth (disciple of Proudhon) 
I have had the same experience with journalists citing each other about my books without the smallest effort to go to my writings—my experience is that most journalists, professional academics, and other in similar phony professions don't read original sources, but each other, largely because they need to figure out the consensus before making a pronouncement. — Nassim Taleb, Antifragile , chap.23.

ARTICLE

The celebrations have ended and we've all come to absorb the fact that Donald Trump is our next President, an outcome that many of us have aggressively worked for in the past several months. Now that we've gotten what we wanted, it's time to describe exactly how a Trump presidency will improve our standing.
If the President can say it then you can say it 
The biggest effect we'll see is the death of political correctness. We now have a shitlord for President who has insulted ugly women as 'fat pigs,' and whose private macho talk, which all masculine men have done, was relentlessly attacked by the press but not punished in the voter booth. This means that when you talk like Trump, the first thought your listener will have is, 'He sounds like the President of the United States.'
What excuse will they now have for limiting your speech if one man was able to gain the highest office in the land because of it? Either Trump was elected because voters liked a person who makes those kinds of statements or they didn't care enough that he made them. Whichever explanation you accept means that the will of the American people has stated that you can exercise your free speech, your opinions, and your desire to flirt with attractive women without having to obey a speech police force that evaluates everything you do based on how offensive it is to a kaleidoscope of races and loony identities. You can begin removing your politically correct filter.
I'm in a state of exuberance that we now have a President who rates women on a 1-10 scale in the same way that we do and evaluates women by their appearance and feminine attitude. We may have to institute a new feature called 'Would Trump bang?' to signify the importance of feminine beauty ideals that cultivate effort and class above sloth and vulgarity. Simply look at his wife and the beautiful women he has surrounded himself with to remind yourself of what men everywhere prefer, and not the 'beauty at every size' sewage that has been pushed down our throats by gender studies professors and corporations trying to market their product to feminist fatsoes . The President of the United States does not see the value in fat women who don't take care of themselves, and neither should you.
Liberals will be forced to tolerate us in a way they didn't have to before 
There are so many of us that we can ease out of the closet and not be afraid of persecution like before. What are they going to do, fire everyone who supports Trump? Accuse every man who voted for him of rape? The way the establishment has been able to marginalize us is to corner men individually and apply intense pressure, but now we have natural allies in all men who back Trump, even if they don't subscribe to our particular interpretation of masculinity .
Liberals will not be able to point and shriek to get you to withdraw like before. They will not have easy victories by using labels like 'racist' or 'sexist.' They will have to endure us in their midst and bite their lip when we offend their degenerate ideals, knowing that the price of attacking us is becoming too costly. It may be as simple as whipping out your MAGA hat, as if it's a bat signal, and having fellow Trump supporters come to your aid. I know that if I see a Trump supporter in trouble, I will help him, regardless of his race or station. Liberals will be forced to share space with those whom they hate, instead of trying to exile them like in the past.
It will be easier to find a fellow traveler 
Men who hold our beliefs have long ago learned that we can't go around sharing them in public to those who are not vetted. If you're like me, you first 'test' a new man you meet with a masculine comment to see how he responds, such as remarking on the attractiveness of a woman or how you've heard of a community online that trolls liberals without mercy. We've even had to devise a special 'pet shop' code to know if a man is aware of the teachings that are found on ROK or the forum . We now have a easier shortcut in Trump.
If a man tells you that he voted for Trump, it's safe to say that he is favorable to strong borders, nationalism , masculinity, and beautiful women. On a basic level, you will be able to get along with this man and build a bond. It also works the other way around where you bring up Trump to screen out those who are offended by him. It's fine if someone is politically indifferent, but if a man opposes Trump then I have to anticipate him attacking or sabotaging me in the future. I will distance myself from him for my own well-being.
The cultural decline will halt 
We now have a President who will not encourage anti-male propaganda, rape culture, and female victimhood. While I do have minor concerns on the influence of his feminist-minded daughter, Ivanka, Trump will not continue the attack on men that has been institutionalized since the sexual revolution and accelerated during the eight years of Obama. Because our current cultural dystopia is the result of intense long-term manipulation, it is more than enough for Trump to simply not touch the gender issue to allow the culture to return to a more patriarchal order. Stop feeding the rot and it will die off, allowing biology to naturally reassert itself.
We've experienced so many changes in the past decade that we haven't had a chance to understand what's going on and adapt. Instead, we've been reacting from one blow to the next, whether it's the loss of our jobs through witch hunts or the rape culture horror that has turned a banal consensual hookup into possible incarceration. Trump's victory gives us room to begin pushing back against the fictions that have put men in harm's way.
Conclusion Paradoxically, the benefits of a Trump presidency will not involve specific actions from Trump. His presence automatically legitimizes masculine behaviors that were previously labeled sexist and misogynist. While we may still get heat for them, it will be less severe and we'll be less likely to sustain serious damage. Liberals will have no choice but to silently stew on our words and we can more effortlessly connect with men not only for male bonding but also to push back against a demoralized and fractured left. Victories will be far easier to achieve under Trump than Obama.
This is our moment. The door is opening for a renaissance of masculinity where men can take pride in being men, and the best part of it is that we don't need to wait for Trump to do anything. His victory is more than enough for us to apply our own individual strength in seizing the bull's horns where we can come out of the politically incorrect closet and assert our beliefs and behaviors. It would be icing on the cake if Trump rolled back anti-masculine laws and policies, but it's not required, because the power to change ourselves and our country is within our hands. Return Of Kings opened in 2012, and the only surprise for me is how quickly the name is being fulfilled.
Read Next: If Donald Trump Doesn't Win, We're Screwed 


ARTICLE

  Two More Hollywood Films For Men That Leave Today's SJW Movies In The Dust Two More Hollywood Films For Men That Leave Today's SJW Movies In The Dust Bob Smith 
Bob Smith is a man in search of the truth. His favorite quotes are, "We're all fools on this earth, and I can be no different"; "I know it's true, I read it at the LIE-brary"; and "The truth is not misogynistic, it's just the truth". November 11, 2016 Culture 
Today we are going to take a quick look at two epic Clint Eastwood films, one of which is a well-known, Western classic ( The Outlaw Josey Wales ). The other one is a little-known, under-the-radar gem, which showcases the psychotic insanity of the deranged Western female ( Play Misty for Me ). 
Both of these superb RPO films will leave any red-pill male feeling wholly satisfied, shortly after viewing them, and, well, that's what these movie reviews of your old Uncle Bob's are all about, are they not…helping you find the bona fide gold nuggets amid the endlessly steaming piles of SJW Hollywood crap? Yes indeed. 
So let's get crackin'. 1. The Outlaw Josey Wales (1976 – Clint Eastwood, Chief Dan George, Bill McKinney, John Vernon) 
Clint Eastwood directed and starred in this sweeping, extremely well-crafted, post-Civil War epic film, and the cinematography and direction are undeniably excellent. But Eastwood's portrayal of the Southern-sympathizer, Josey Wales, who has a major score to settle after Union troops burn his house down and murder his wife and children, is in itself a major cinematic achievement. 
Out for blood and taking no prisoners, Eastwood's merciless Josey Wales thunders across the plains and prairies of the American West, blowing scores of Northern soldiers away in the process, as he makes a desperate dash towards Mexico, and what he hopes will be sanctuary. But Wales gets sidetracked along the way, collecting a stray dog and a few stray human beings as well, which proves that the only thing a man can truly count on in this life is change. 
There's a great scene early on in the film, involving Josey Wales' partner in crime, Jaimie (played by Sam Bottoms), where he starts babbling incoherently, while faking a state of fever-induced delirium from underneath a blanket, as the two outlaws are confronted by a pair of backwoods yahoos who are looking to collect the bounty that has recently been placed on Wales' head. 
Here, we clearly see the behavior of the typical, frightened, woefully outmanned beta male, as character actor Len Lesser (who portrays the overmatched bounty hunter Abe) starts yapping and barking in a very loud voice, while jerking around excitedly, shortly after getting the drop on Eastwood's alpha-male killing-machine. 
If you're an alpha male and you're in good shape, you've undoubtedly seen similar beta-male behavior. Probably at a bar, when some paunchy beta asswit, who's sitting with his cucked crew, has had one too many beers and starts cutting you down in a passive-aggressive manner, from your periphery, as he barks and yaps in an excited voice about how tough he used to be, or how he doesn't need to lift weights to be a man, or how he doesn't think it's cool to wear tight shorts (a hostile barb born of envy, uttered because he feels his package is inadequate). Yup, you know the routine. 
In the film's wow-we-almost-had-a-gangbang scene, featuring a somewhat-turned-on Sondra Locke (see above photo; Locke portrays Kansas-born settler, Laura Lee), as she's confronted in the back of a covered wagon and dragged outside by a group of lusty Comancheros, which was obviously a blatant exaggeration, because, as we already know, all rapes are committed by totally unattractive, deranged, horribly evil, light-skinned men who smell badly and have absolutely zero neck tattoos—' E , ' etc.—Clint's character comes riding to the rescue out of the hills and guns the would-be rapists down, which probably made SJWs and feminists at the time scream with unbridled outrage at the theater screen, 'She was giving her consent ! Didn't you see it ? It was in her eyes ! It's her right to express herself sexually, with however many men she might choose ! Murderer! Creeper! Pussy-blocker !' 
Unfortunately, just like today, there were feminists and SJWs aplenty back in 1976. Their numbers have been growing with a vengeance since roughly the mid-1960s, and after more than 50 years in the saddle, they still keep going round and round in circles, yelling preprogrammed buzzwords and catch-phrases, while unknowingly speeding up the destruction of freedom of speech, but hey, Uncle Bob, tell us something we don't already know, and yeah, I'll get back to the film review now. 
My favorite scene in the movie occurs when Josey Wales (who, now that I think about it, is a bit of a white knight, hmm…), rescues a Native American woman who is about to be double-teamed against her will by a pair of drunken white trappers. 
Eastwood's mad-dog character ultimately gets the drop on the would-be bounty-collectors, and he blows them straight to hell in an impressive hail of gunfire, which, I'll have to admit, is pretty darned cool in itself. I mean, that's why we watch films like this, isn't it – for the violence, and the babes, and the red-pill messages? Well, there are plenty of those to be had in this no-holds-barred, epic Western film. 
Maybe I'm going to have to rethink this movie in terms of it being perceived as a wholly red-pill film. Clint's character stepped up and stopped a potential gangbang, as well as a three-way, and nobody asked him to do it. So this might have been a sly, Hollywood warm-up for the series of blatant white knight films we see today, but I don't really want to think that way about Clint, so I won't. I'll just gulp down a quick blue pill right now—ah, much better. 
I mean, Clint played Dirty Harry Callahan, for chrissakes, in a film that I will hopefully be reviewing at a later date, if I don't get hit by a truck driven by an illegal alien who's sporting 20 arrests for murder while having no driver's license; or lynched by a swarm of rabid SJWs who are on the hunt for any white male who isn't a media CEO or a billionaire. 
The film bogs down a bit after about the two-thirds mark, in my opinion, but it still gets high marks across the board in every other critical category. If you haven't seen it, rectify that soon. You can't miss by watching this top-drawer, RPO film for men. 2. Play Misty for Me (1971 – Clint Eastwood, Jessica Walter, Donna Mills) 
Unless they are over-the-top, laughingly ridiculous, obviously fictional slasher films, red-pill movies like this one just don't get made in Hollywood any longer. 
When you think of Clint Eastwood, you usually think of Dirty Harry , or The Outlaw Josey Wales , or Unforgiven , or Gran Torino, but Clint made a few obscure films that were both solidly red pill, and truly excellent movies, although they've been swept under the rug and locked away in the film vaults by today's liberal-leaning film-hiders. 
In this well-directed, highly suspenseful thriller, Carmel-by-the-sea disk jockey, Dave Carver (Clint Eastwood) lives a freewheeling, alpha male lifestyle, regularly banging out an assortment of hot women who listen to his live jazz broadcasts on a nightly basis. Carver is living the dream, pounding most of the available hot babes, and thoroughly enjoying his rightfully appointed alpha male privilege (or is that white male privilege?…er…SJW moment there, sorry). 
That is, until Jessica Walter's psycho-stalker character, Evelyn, walks into his life. 
Now, you may have encountered a few of these yourself. Or maybe it's just me. Sometimes I think I have an invisible sign on my forehead that only the initiated can read, which proclaims, 'If you're hot and insane—I'm your guy.' But Clint Eastwood shows us exactly what it's like to be pursed by an attractive, psycho, female stalker. From writing creepy notes to him in lipstick on his mirror, to cutting up his clothing, to attacking his cleaning lady in a fit of jealous rage, Clint's disk-jockey character quickly begins to realize that he bit off a hell of a lot more than just pussy when he started banging actress Jessica Walter's batshit-crazy Evelyn. 
I've always had a feeling that actresses who were really good in these psycho roles, were just being themselves. But I could be wrong about that. (I was wrong once before—it was in the third grade and she didn't really love me.) Be that as it may, Jessica Walters really brings her A-game in the role of the totally unhinged Evelyn. If you've ever had a relationship with a woman like this one, watching the film will send chills down your spine, and result in some serious flashback imagery. 
(Have you ever done this—what Clint is doing in the above photo—namely, hold and comfort a crazy woman who somehow managed to weasel her way into your life, by skillfully turning you into both an enabler and a caretaker…if so, I definitely feel your pain. And I'll bet Clint has experienced it a time or three himself, or he probably wouldn't have done this film.) 
Play Misty for Me is absolutely worth watching for myriad reasons; but the most important reason of all, I wholeheartedly believe, is because it will clearly demonstrate to you, in no uncertain terms, the subtle and overt signs that a man absolutely has to be able to recognize, in order to avoid being blindsided by a psychotic, unhinged female. And for that reason alone, it's a must-see classic, no doubt about it; when Clint's character ultimately gets revenge on his tormentor, at the very end of this excellent RPO film, you'll feel all warm and fuzzy inside, too—and in a weird, viscerally satisfying way—which makes the whole experience just that much more gratifying. 
By boycotting all modern SJW Hollywood cinema, you are sending a message to the power structure that is loud and clear—you are not being fooled by their deliberate attempts to poison people's minds and socially engineer them to be pussified, dumbed-down, blue-pill-sucking robots. 
Always research the plot lines of any films for which you are seriously considering buying a ticket, or renting on DVD. And if you smell an SJW rat, don't spend your money. It's that simple. In the end, it's just like investigating a potential LTR candidate. You have to conduct your due diligence. Otherwise, you might just get taken for a ride.

ARTICLE

Home This Month Popular What The Trump Skeptics Got Wrong What The Trump Skeptics Got Wrong FitzRoy Sommerset 
FitzRoy is a British and American Nationalist who refuses to apologize for the British Empire. As a young man, he "took a President's shilling" and served in the U.S. Army. In his free time, he enjoys studying history and destroying the SJW revisionist narrative. November 12, 2016 Politics 
There have been few true upsets in our history: Caesar crossing the Rubicon, Wellington's victories at Assaye and Waterloo, and Washington's victory at Yorktown over the most professional army in the world. It is often said that when General Charles O'Hara (who had the dubious distinction of surrendering to both George Washington and Napoleon Bonaparte) surrendered Cornwallis's sword, the band played 'The World Turned Upside Down.' 
Today, the establishment and the intellectuals cannot help but share a similar sentiment as Cornwallis or O'Hara did at Yorktown. And I fully admit: In spite of my vote for Trump, I fully expected him to lose. The polls, his 60% negative approval rating, and the sheer forces of the media, the FBI and even some Republicans were arrayed against him. My skepticism of Trump was not his ideas, but his chances of winning the election. Myself, and other conservative intellectual skeptics who voted for him, were wrong. 
I am one of the intellectuals who expected a Trump defeat. I've been studying politics, history and economics for years, reading countless books on the matter from The Prince to Freakonomics to The Wealth of Nations. 
And I was wrong. It was a Canadian housewife and an Iranian pickup artist who called it correctly for Trump. Trump beat the odds, he beat the intellectuals, and made the establishment 'babies in the hands of a giant' as was said after Napoleon's resounding victory at Austerlitz in 1806. 
The left is currently in panic-mode in an attempt to explain how they lost. They are calling Trump supporters racist, sexists, homophobic and even sex offenders! But in the end, it was this same blindness that made them psychologically incapable of defeating Donald Trump. Trump was immune to almost all conventional political weapons. Trump won because of the following 
1. The left seemed far more interested in calling Trump and his supporters racist than saying something of substance. 
2. Outlets such as the New York Times did blatantly stupid crap like try to blame the NRA for the Orlando Shootings, and even tried to call them terrorists. In this, they beat even Trump in outrageousness: they thought the American people were stupid, so they just lied to them and said 'fuck it, those peasants will believe anything we write.' 
3. All Trump had to do was call them on their bullshit, and call them liars. And he was 100% right: the MSM has lied to the American people this entire election cycle. Subsequent to every terrorist attack perpetrated by a Muslim, the MSM continued to push the narrative that 'home grown right-wing terrorism is the real problem.' Trump called them on their lies, and the American people, who are tired of being lied to by the MSM, cheered him on, even if he had a few issues with the truth himself. 
4. The Democrats ran the absolute worst candidate possible. Hillary Clinton had negative approval ratings that rivaled Trump's own. And she was bland. And she couldn't decide if she was a moderate or a firebrand progressive. And she is corrupt, and lied about it, stupidly thinking the American people were too ignorant to understand that putting classified information on a private email server is a recklessly irresponsible thing to do. 
5. Trump knew how to communicate with people. He knew that whites without a college degree were tired of being talked down to by progressives on the left and genuine intellectuals on the right (like myself). I freely admit I am guilty of this: when you study two thousand years of philosophy, economics and rhetoric (Cicero was particularly effective), it is sometimes frustrating when people don't approach a situation in terms of axioms and proofs. The working class that built America go by what they feel in their gut, and often times, they are right. 
All in all, the left failed because they failed to understand America. They bought into the idea that 'Americans are stupid…haha!' Americans are not stupid: they may not be smart, but they sure as hell know when a liberal taking head is lying to them about now the NRA is basically the Taliban in an obviously biased hit piece. Hillary took working class Americans for granted, and she lost. This should stand as a parallel for black Americans whom the Democrats also take for granted. 
I am pleased that Donald Trump is now President-Elect. He wasn't just a candidate, he was the anti-candidate. He did everything a politician should not do. He used vulgar language. He talked freely about his ideas. He made no pretense about being polite to those who are destroying America. He turned weaknesses (such as his spotty track record) into strengths that would have ended any other candidate's campaign. He was the un-candidate America needed. 
I have high hopes for Trump's presidency. In spite of my tepid support, I see Trump as a President who can do a lot of good, and has the potential to do more good than any President of recent memory. 
First, Trump spat in the face of PC culture and won. Just as Scott Walker took on the Unions in Wisconsin and cucked them by winning the recall election by getting more votes than he did in the previous election, Trump defeated the SJW's. If Trump can keep this up, we can achieve a major strategic victory in the war against political correctness, and get back to a concept called 'actually being correct.' 
Secondly, Trump is an unapologetic nationalist. He loves America, and doesn't give a damn if you think Howard Zinn's A People's History of the United States is a great book. The Department of Cultural Guilt that has infected schools in America teaches children to hate their own country. I look forward to seeing Trump abolish the practice of teaching children that the Founding Fathers were evil racists, the British Empire did nothing good for the world, and that America is the greatest evil the world has ever seen. 
Lastly, Trump is the antithesis of everything the Social Justice Warriors stand for: a successful alpha male who tells people to go fuck themselves and still gets elected. I hope to see a rise in masculinity in America: studies have shown that testosterone levels are down among the American male population. This should rise under Trump, as men embrace their masculinity instead of hiding it for fear of being accused of sexual assault. 
I was a Trump skeptic. I underestimated him. I didn't disagree with him on much (perhaps maybe 20% of his platform), but I had little faith he could pull it off. And I was vocal about my concerns regarding his elect-ability. But like the liberals, I was wrong. And a Canadian housewife and a former pickup-artist-turned-conservative-philosopher were 100% right. 
I recall something I told a fellow soldier while on a long, boring convoy operation in Iraq: 'When a genius says something, others say 'wow, that is way above my head.' But when a true genius says something, others say 'wow, why didn't I think of that before?!' Trump is a true genius: he stated the obvious to the American people and made them believe he wanted to Make America Great Again (and I think he genuinely does). He didn't use fancy graphs or focus groups: he spoke the truth, without political correctness. 
And now he is President-Elect.

ARTICLE

Home This Month Popular Why It's Absolutely Worth It To Learn Game Why It's Absolutely Worth It To Learn Game 
Jon enjoys helping others evolve into their best selves on his blog: Masculine Development and recently launched his eBook on 7 Strategies to Develop Your Masculinity. November 12, 2016 Game 
After my previous article , which advocated that men learn game as a form of self-development, I got a good amount of disagreement—most of it was not inaccurate. The majority of ROK readers are becoming less and less interested in learning game, simply because Western women are not as attractive as they once were. 
This isn't to say that we've abandoned learning game as a whole; certainly we still want to get laid and eventually find a girl for a relationship. But, nonetheless, there seems to be a large portion of the manosphere which simply doesn't believe that game is worth it anymore. 
In this article, I would like to present a very realistic and objective perspective in regards to learning game. In retrospect, my last article may have been too focused on the positive aspects; I do not wear the rose colored glasses in regards to the game. In fact, it's quite the opposite. 
As a veteran myself, I'm quite aware of the troubles that men can encounter when learning game. I've been slapped for making mildly offensive jokes, I've had drinks thrown on me, I've had guys threaten to slit my throat, and more. Despite this, however, I still believe that it is 100% worth it to learn game. Beginner's Hell 'HOW DARE YOU TRY TO ASK ME MY NAME YOU FUCKING RAPIST!' 
I believe that the reason why most men don't feel that game is worth it, is because they experience difficulty getting over a period known as 'beginner's hell.' This is when you're just starting to shrug off your feminist conditioning , and you haven't developed the confidence or game that you need to succeed. 
Most beginners walk around, not really knowing how to talk to women , how to carry themselves, or how to flirt in general. Because of this, women will typically have one of two responses: They pity you and ignore you They lash out and berate you for being a 'creep,' or 'weird.' 
Of course, you may get the occasional girl who's drunk enough to be into you, but these are few and far between. For the most part, the 'Beginner's Hell,' phase of learning game is absolutely horrendous. 
You will be sometimes be targeted by club douchebags, who will either confront you or use their superior social intelligence to embarrass you, and on the rare occasion that you do manage to get a girl talking to you, he'll come over and steal her. You will have women smack you, ignore you, and tell you off—again, it's called 'beginner's hell,' for a reason. 6's Who Think They're 10's 
This initial difficulty in learning game is only compounded by our culture's general lack of femininity. It is extremely obvious, to anyone with eyes to see, that women in our culture are encouraged to be less and less feminine as time goes on. The once praised virtues of nurturing, empathy, and kindness, have now been replaced by resting bitch face, sociopathy, and social climbing. 
This coupled with the fact that women experience an endless supply of beta orbiters, means that they've been conditioned to believe they're highly sought after goddesses, who can use men like tissues without any sort of social repercussions (and in fact, they're sometimes praised for doing so). 
This is, perhaps, one of the biggest obstacles to newbies struggling to learn game. Couple this with severe approach anxiety, a complete lack of masculinity, and a weak body that hasn't been trained, and it's very easy to see why most men don't see that game is worth it. The Turning Point 
Once one gets beyond this initial bump, however, most of game is smooth sailing. Once the newbie has learned how to fix his lack of masculinity, how to balance assertiveness with consent , and has improved his game in general, he enters what I call the turning point. 
The turning point is essentially that point at which learning game is no longer a struggle, but it's actually enjoyable. This is due to several key lifestyle and mindset shifts which take place as the newbie gets more and more success, such as: Drawing state from within, rather than from without Being in a state of abundance, rather than scarcity Improving other areas of your life, which creates an upwards spiral 
If you're a newbie struggling to learn game, and you don't feel like it's worth it, I fully empathize with your pain—the problem is that when you don't have much game, of course learning game will be hard, because you get stuck with the bitchy fat girls. 
When you start to develop the three characteristics that I mentioned, however, a cascade of effects starts to take place that catapults your game to the next level. This allows you to pick and choose which hot girls you want, rather than being at the mercy of the ugly 5 who 'might' want to come over and hang out. Internal vs. External Drawing Of State 'By my age, you realize that bitches ain't shit, but hoes and tricks.' 
The transition from drawing state from outside of you, to drawing state from within you, is literally the difference between a guy that doesn't pull at all, and a guy that can pull Victoria's Secret models. 
Let me explain: women typically draw state from without. This means that their emotions are governed by their environment. This is why they respond so much more to social pressure than men, why they 'just want to dance,' when a song they like comes on, and it's why they're generally so emotionally volatile. 
Due to their changing environments, their emotions change rapidly as well. This is why they want men to draw state from within, or in other words, not be affected by their outside environments. This is why women are repulsed by men who care too much about their opinions: it's indicative of a man who draws state from without. 
As a man, drawing state from within has numerous benefits, the most obvious of which being that you're perpetually in a good mood. Once you learn to make this shift, and learn to be happy regardless of your external circumstances, women will pick up on it like a hawk—they're very attuned to this type of thing, and you'll definitely notice a difference in their behavior. 
This will get them vying for YOUR attention, which will start to give you tremendous power. This will make game fun, which will lead to even more women in your life, which will begin the start of your upward spiral. The Beginning Of The Upward Spiral 
Once you begin to make this simple mindset shift, game will no longer feel like it's not worth it. You see, game feels like it's not worth it when you have to put in a huge amount of effort for a below average looking girl, with a horrible personality. But, when you start to get to the point where you can put in a medium amount of effort, for a very gorgeous woman? That's when game starts to be fun. 
This basic mindset shift of learning to not care what your environment is like, and to simply be happy by yourself, will create a chain reaction within your life. First, you'll start to get much more women much more easily. This will allow you to start a harem, which will keep you in a perpetual state of abundance until you find a girl you want for a relationship. 
This state of abundance will amplify your game by about five fold. Women will sense that you've got a ton of other women vying for your attention, and they will do the same—it's like a magnet that just draws them in. Plus, if a girl does or says something that you dislike, you can simply kick her out of your life since you have so many other women. 
Then, when you start to have so many women in your life, you'll start to friend zone hot girls for the social benefits , because you simply can't handle sleeping with all of them. They'll invite you to parties, and try to hook you up with their friends, and you'll receive many of the social benefits that they do. Game Is Worth It (It Just Sucks At First) Getting over beginner's hell is a lot like this. Once you get to the other side, it's all downhill, though. 
As I have made clear, learning game at first is a huge struggle—you will encounter massive cock blocks, a lot of negativity from women, and not to mention you'll have to deal with all of the white knights, too. But, if you can learn to get over this initial Beginner's Hell, as I've coined it, you will see the other side of reality that most men are shielded from. 
I realize that it can be very difficult to learn game at first, and can feel like it isn't worth it, but if you make a decision to put in the effort and learn it, your world will literally be 1000x better than before. If you're struggling with learning game initially, be sure to maximize your appearance. 
Get some height increasing soles, read through some of the style articles on ROK, get a good designer haircut, and learn to perfect your appearance, at least as much as you can. Consider taking some martial arts classes to boost your confidence, as well. 
Ultimately, however, if you want to learn game and experience what it's like to have dozens of hot girls hitting you up, you just have to bite the bullet and go out. Go clubbing, go to bars, go on trips to Las Vegas or Miami. Approach women during the day and approach them during the night—eventually you'll get over this 'Beginner's Hell,' and will experience an abundance of women in your life.

ARTICLE

  Buzz Aldrin Is A Warning Of How Success Can Lead To Depression Buzz Aldrin Is A Warning Of How Success Can Lead To Depression Aaron Clarey 
Captain Capitalism is the resident economist of the mano/androsphere. He is a misanthropic, hedonist, nihilistic, cynical type, but he keeps getting proved right every day. He is the author of " Enjoy the Decline ," " Worthless ," and " Bachelor Pad Economics ". His newest book is " The Black Man's Guide Out Of Poverty ". He also runs the advisory " Asshole Consulting ." You can read his daily rantings at his blog Captain Capitalism . November 13, 2016 Masculinity 
Buzz Aldrin and Neil Armstrong are household names because they were the first men to land on the moon. And while Neil is perhaps the more-remembered of the two because he was technically the 'first' to land on the moon, Buzz is just as remembered because of his unique name (while I bet most of you don't know who the third guy was). But technicalities of who landed where first and who had cool names aside, Buzz Aldrin will forever be one of the world's greatest historical figures because of his unrivaled accomplishments and will die a better man than the vast majority of us. 
But did you know Buzz Aldrin was an alcoholic? And after retiring he fell into a severe depression? And after his divorce his days consisted of drinking alone in his apartment, fetching KFC and booze until he entered rehab? 
It's a hard fact to believe. Where a man who seems to have everything (fame, a super-accomplished career, and least of all, the titanium-strong professionalism and self-discipline to become an astronaut), yet he ends up down, depressed, drunk, and perhaps even suicidal like any other ordinary piece of trailer trash. But while it doesn't make sense at first, and you can't see how this relates to you, realize there's a VERY good and simple reason for this fall from great heights. The Buzz Aldrin Syndrome 
Understand as we use the internet to accumulate the wisdom and knowledge to rocket past our contemporaries and excel in life, a problem is festering that you are unaware of. Additionally, much like Alzheimer's, it is not prevalent today, but as humans advance more and live longer, it will become increasingly common. Therefore, we have the option to identify it today, prepare for it now, and thus avoid the pain and insanity that comes with having a problem we can't identify 
or 
we can have it devastate our lives later. 
It is the Buzz Aldrin Syndrome. 
The Buzz Aldrin Syndrome is where a man achieves such greatness, such accomplishments in life, that he is truly unrivaled and peerless. While exhilarating at first, perhaps even earning one fame, riches, and fortune, the success also unintentionally alienates the person from the rest of society. At the time Buzz Aldrin only had three or four other astronauts who he could REALLY talk to, confide in, and relate to. The remaining 3 billion people on the planet (at the time) were just star-struck, wide-eyed sheep. Alas, Buzz Aldrin could be surrounded by scores of fans at a party, but still be completely alone mentally. 
The syndrome is also exacerbated as one's pinnacle achievements in life are likely correlated with retirement. You typically progress in your career, right up until the day you retire. However, here you leave the environment and network you've come accustomed, thrived in, and derived your entire agency from. Thus, in a very short period of time you go from the center of attention, the life of the party, the engine of the machine…to a retiree in California, drinking scotch, and eating KFC, longing for the days you could go back to the office again. Without the environment you derived all your worth and value from, you lose purpose in life, you lose mental stimulation, you lose your peers, and very likely sink into a crippling depression. The Perfect Storm 
There are seven factors that, when combined, create the perfect storm for the Buzz Aldrin Syndrome to form. And most ROK readers either have these traits are affected by them: 1. Technological Advancements 
Technology has always advanced, but in this particular case it affects us in two specific ways. Making living expenses cheaper and allowing for more and easier ways to make money. 
As opposed to the 1800's, most of a man's life was spent toiling in the field. He didn't have time to contemplate loftier or heavier subjects much like the purpose of life, what is man's reason for being, etc. You had to worry about the plague, tetanus, your wife dying in labor, and whether there'd be enough crops to survive the coming winter. But today, through economics, capitalism, agricultural technology, etc., a single man can basically eat for near-free at Wal-Mart or the local grocery store. 
Technology has also freed us from work. Not so much from the fact we have to work, but in terms of how much time we need to spend on it in order to survive. No more than a decade ago a young man had to work 40 hours a week, 10 for a commute, and likely for an inept baby boomer boss who was never going to let you get past the cubicle plantation. Now, with the internet not only can a man give the proverbial finger to rush hour and a commute, but his boss as well, making whatever minimalistic modicum of money he needs to survive through online entrepreneurship. In short, it has never been easier to satisfy Maslow's first three and vital hierarchy of needs, freeing a man's mind to pursue his own excellence, not to mention ponder his point and purpose in being here. 2. Minimalism 
It is no secret that red pill men practice, or at least pursue minimalism. We know that material things do not matter, as it is the love and friendship from our fellow man, friends, family and loved ones that matter most. You know that it would be 'nice' to have that Shelby Super Snake Mustang, but you'd never trade it in for a lifetime of conversations and cigars with your best friend. Additionally, we value our freedom above all else and refuse to subjugate ourselves to becoming debt slaves by buying things we plain don't need. 
Jettisoning these material desires liberates more of our finite lives from work and a commute, to once again pursue our passions, our fields, our adventures, and our lives. In simply refusing to buy a McMansion and take on a car loan, we guarantee we will live more interesting and rewarding lives than 90% of our peers. 3. Avoiding Divorce And Unwanted Children 
Further saving us more time is the disproportionate number of us refusing to have children or marry (in fear of divorce). And for those of us who do marry, we are fully aware of what to look for, more or less immunizing us from divorce. 4. Knowledge of Women 
To be blunt and honestly assess the good the 'manosphere' and red pill community have done, we have saved the lives of MILLIONS of young men, and prevented older ones from wasting what remains of theirs. If I were to estimate it, every boy born today will save at least a decade of time that would have otherwise been wasted at nightclubs, chasing tail, dating the wrong girls, and perhaps even marrying the wrong ones. 
Being a product of the 70's, I have often talked with my Gen X peers where we estimated what we could have done had we not wasted the 80's and 90's chasing women we were either never going to get, or would regret catching. We could have easily had doctorates, houses built by our own hands, much better careers, not to mention better mental health as we would have avoided all the batshit insane women we sifted through. Young men today, especially those who consume the Red Pill, will easily have a decade of time on us by simply learning from our mistakes . 5. Self-Improvement 
Unless you are in the VirginTOW community, you know how important self-improvement is to a man's life. You have this one finite life on this planet, and not only is it imperative you enjoy it, but you must ensure it is a masterpiece of art in whatever endeavors you choose to excel in. This may not land you on the moon, but you will achieve greatness and excellence in some capacity or another. Music, literature, innovation, philosophy, being a good dad, something. You will not idly stand by, sitting on your ass, majoring in sociology, or collecting a welfare check as you knock up baby mama after baby momma. You will be notable and leave a positive legacy on this world. 6. Entrepreneurship or STEM 
Most of you know not to major in stupid, worthless shit . You also know that for the majority of us, entrepreneurship or self-employment is the only form of employment that we can tolerate. Because of this, two things will happen in your life. One, you will save an inordinate amount of time spent trying to make a go at a career that just isn't in demand in the real world. You will work as an engineer, a programmer, a doctor, or some REAL profession/trade, which will not only pay you a handsome wage, but make your life incredibly easier. Two, at some point in time you will come up with an idea that will either cement your success in your career or outright launch a successful entrepreneurial endeavor. This will free you from your dependence on traditional employers, ensure your financial future is sound, but it will also likely lead towards you achieving your legacy in excellence. 
In the veritable sea of liberal arts majors, not one of their millions will ever make anything of themselves. They will simply waste away, doubling down on masters degrees and doctorates in their hopelessly worthless fields. Worse, they will be crippled until death with student loans and inadequate compensation as they beg and vote for other people's money. They will die like most, unmentionable, irrelevant, and forgotten. 
You will not. 7. A High Intelligence 
To make all of this a reality you need the raw intellectual capacity to bring this to fruition. While no studies have been done, if you have the independent mindedness to be reading ROK, I'd estimate the average IQ of ROK readers to be 120. However, keep in mind while being highly intelligent is an asset, it is also a curse . Like ROK, you are on 'the fringe.' And because of that you are not only going to receive an inordinate amount of flak from the rest of 'normie' society, but relating to the rest of it, let alone finding a healthy and rewarding social life in it, is going to prove next to impossible. 
When you combine these traits and conditions, you have what is arguably the perfect environment for a great life to form. You need very little to survive because you won't waste your resources on frivolous material things in life. You also have very little liabilities or responsibilities, not only because you're a minimalist, but are likely not going to marry or have children. The lion's share of your time and energies can be dedicated towards achieving excellence and greatness in your life. 
And if you've done it right, you'll be two decades ahead of your Gen X peers since you avoided worthless degrees and leap-frogged your philosophical understanding of life. You will be accomplished, you will be successful, you will have paid a fraction of the mental toll to get there, and you will indeed be an amazing man, the world's most interesting perhaps. You have reached the so called 'finish line' much earlier and faster than Buzz Aldrin… 
and that's when your real problems start. You Weren't Meant to Be Here 
Understand that while the goal of man was to secure unlimited food, resources, and security so that he may pursue an unlimited and happy life, the human mind has no experience being here. The entire existence of humankind has been struggle, suffering, fighting, and striving for such a life, but also 99. % of the time failing . And over the course of human history the human brain has had 2 million years experience and conditioning in failure, NOT success. 
This leads to an ironic and perhaps the most tragic instances in human experiences. A man finally gets what he wants. Wealth, health, success, excellence, legacy, everything. But upon attaining it he can't enjoy it because the human mind is not programmed to. He not only realizes this rare success doesn't result in happiness or a perpetual life-long glee that will see him to his grave, but there's nothing left to conquer. There's nothing left to do. The game of life is over, and like Red Dead Redemption, it gets mighty boring just riding your horse around after you conquer the game. 
Worse, because of the unique characteristics required to attain this excellence any man 'lucky' enough to be this successful is in one way or another ostracized from the rest of his peers. Professionally, romantically, intellectually, some way or another, to be in that . 1% you have to be a statistical freak. Alas, you get to suffer the true symptoms of The Buzz Aldrin Syndrome. 
Peerlessness – While your friends are pumping out children or your colleagues are trying to get out from underneath their McMansion mortgage and impending divorce, you may be avoiding these dreaded fates, but you are also alone. No longer are these the college days where your intellectual peers in equal life-circumstances can hang out, chat, philosophize, and in numbers that seem endless. Slowly, but surely, they will get picked off like German Messerschmitts in WWII by the forces of life and you will be left alone. 
Understand this has nothing to do with your pursuit of greatness or achieving excellence in life, but is outside of your control as these people fall within the bell distribution curve of averageness. They choose these lives, meaning it's not the statistical freak leaving them, but them leaving the statistical freak (no matter how loudly they claimed in college they were going to live life 'differently'). And don't think that you can simply recoup your former social life by joining them by being average, putting on a sports jersey, ordering some Buffalo Wild wings, cheering on the local sportsball team. Your mind won't tolerate it. 
You are peerless. Get used to it. 
Boredom – Without people you get bored. No matter how intelligent you are, you are still human. And humans are indeed social creatures as they derive their entire life value from others, not things. But the paradox those suffering from the Buzz Aldrin Syndrome face is that while you would like to be social with people, the vast majority of people are either too common, too stupid, or just too boring, especially when compared to being by yourself. 
Go to that same Buffalo Wild wings to hear loud, drunk, divorced SWPL men in their 40's cheer on the local swingystick team? 
Or read Marcus Aurelius ? 
Go to a movie where Jason Bourne discovers another mole in the CIA…again…who set up his father…again….where he drives around Europe shooting the place up….again? 
Or binge on some history podcasts ? 
I know! How about you go to a party where you'll hear the same conversations from men about the sportsball game they just saw at Buffalo Wild wings, as they lament their inability to get out from underneath their mortgage, while the wives gossip about their painfully pointless government-make-work careers while talking about how great the cake is? 
Or road trip out west and do some hiking in the desert? 
The larger point is not only are the VAST majority of people not intellectually stimulating enough, but good luck finding enough of them who have the freedom and finances to do anything besides hit up happy hour when wifey lets them out of the house. 
And then there's… 
Frustration – Being unencumbered by the daily scourge of chores, children, finances, mortgages, and commutes, your mind will be unshackled to pursue whatever intellectual pursuits it wishes to pursue. You'll solve world problems in an afternoon that politicians are taking eons to not solve. You'll come up with some and many viable business ideas, discarding most of them because you have not the time to put them all into execution. You'll see the obvious solutions to making your friends' and love ones' lives infinitely better, but they'll have the horse-blinders on so tight, they'll ignore your wisdom. Or you'll make a great scientific discovery at work, while your boss dismisses it away and threatens to fire you for having an independent thought. It is simply the real world telling you, 'You don't control everything, and matter of fact, most of this world was not meant for you.' 
Obviously, you can see where depression, alcoholism, and ennui set in. You can see where the pursuit and successful attainment of excellence in life can lead to unintentional alienation and ostracization from the rest of society. And since society is where all humans – geniuses or not, successful or not – get their value, you can see the downside to zooming past the 'finish line of life,' especially at increasingly earlier ages as technology and minimalism permit it. 
The solution is in part to find quality people who can be life-long friends, colleagues, peers, and comrades. Perhaps even get married if you find the right girl. And no matter what, keep yourself and your mind occupied. Hobbies, interests, pursuits, etc. Inactivity is death. But ultimately, what is going to best prepare you for what's coming is to simply know it's coming. 
Nirvana and heaven are not at the other side of that finish line. An active and rewarding social life, full of close friends and loved ones are the not the reward for success. And it certainly isn't a life-long party until you die. It is a mentally-barren landscape much like the moon, a place Buzz has been to both literally and metaphorically.

ARTICLE

As I have repeatedly shown in my articles, I am a fan of all aspects of fitness—not just strength and developing muscular mass, but also cardiovascular endurance and flexibility as well. You likely knew this already.
You are also likely aware that I have done several articles on stretching, most recently the 'relax into stretch' technique that I state can be used predominantly for lower body stretching such as the splits, which are and will likely always be considered the benchmark of hip and leg flexibility.
But what about upper body flexibility? Most people don't focus on that, and that is just as important to train as lower body flexibility (namely for purposes of increased athletic performance, reduction of joint aches and pains, and, in some cases, increased strength). I have taught the readers some basic upper body stretches in the past, such as the chest stretch and the door frame stretch. But in my opinion, if you're going to do any one stretch for upper body flexibility, that would have to be the seated twist stretch.
How It Works This stretch involves crossing your legs in a manner that will be discussed below, and twisting the torso while simultaneously locking your arm onto your bent knees. This stretch will hit most of your most prominent upper body muscles—the latissimus dorsi, the triceps, the deltoids, the obliques, the neck, and the pectorals.
In addition to those visible muscles, the twist stretch will work the deep spinal muscles , and even the muscles of the buttocks (the gluteus maximus, medius and minimus) as well.
Many athletes perform the twist stretch, particularly combat athletes such as wrestlers, judokas, and mixed martial artists that need great torso flexibility to escape from holds and pinfalls.
Sounds like something you ought to learn, doesn't it? But how?

As I have happily admitted in the past, and will likely do so again, Paul Wade's outstanding Convict Conditioning series has taught me this and many other exercises, and I cannot advocate Wade's writing enough. More specifically, the Twist Stretch comes from Convict Conditioning 2 . The first book deals with the core calisthenic series—push-ups, squats, and the like. I have already gone over these in detail. In contrast, the second book deals with static holds that develop strength and flexibility such as the L-Sit and today's topic.
While the third book deals with explosive movements such as the back and front handsprings, that will be a topic for another time. Instead, let's go into the steps of the Twist Stretch.
All of the pictures here are taken directly from the book.
The Exercises The first twist stretch is the 'Easy twist stretch.' Sit down on the floor with your feet extended. Take one foot, and put it 'inside' the other leg, resting that foot next to the opposite knee, as shown.
Now, twist your body so the opposite shoulder turns towards the raised kneed (ie: if the left knee is raised, turn the right shoulder, and vice versa). Keep the foot flat on the ground and the knee stationary-just twist the torso. Allow your neck to turn as it naturally wants to turn.

Then, 'lock' your torso by placing your elbow against the opposite side of the knee, while holding your body up with the other hand.
You should immediately begin to feel a stretch all around your torso.
Hold the stretch for 10 seconds, for each side. When this is comfortable for you, move on.
Step 2 is the simple twist stretch, which requires a little bit more flexibility. Place one foot over the other leg as shown above. Then, take the foot that is not flat on the ground, bend the leg back and touch the heel of that foot to the opposing buttock (ie: the right heel touches the left buttock).

This foot position will be used for all twist stretches from henceforth.
Now, as before, rotate your torso towards the opposite knee (right shoulder to left knee, and vice versa), locking yourself by placing your elbow on the opposite side of the knee, and again supporting your body with the other hand. Hold for 10 seconds, and move on.
Stretch 3 is where things become more difficult. Assume the position from Stretch #2. But this time, you will have to rotate the torso with much more force, as the goal of this stretch is to extend your arm and touch the instep of the foot that is flat on the floor. Your arm won't be able to stretch on its own (and I don't advise you try), you will have to accomplish this with proper torso rotation.

Stretch 4 has the difficulty increase further: Get a hand towel or some other object that is about a foot long. Assume the stretching position, and rotate the torso while holding said towel. Remove the supporting hand from the floor, and flick the towel through the 'hole' made by your raised leg (obviously your hand is not extending down to your instep here). Wrapping the 'support' hand around your back, grab the other end of the towel. This begins the stretch.

Each time you stretch, you will assume this position holding the towel in two hands. You will work your hands up and down the towel, slowly bringing your hands together by gripping greater portions of the towel. Eventually, you will be able to clasp fingers, and that is the final level of the twist stretch.

This process will be slow and arduous—'Coach Wade' himself admits that it took him the better part of a year to accomplish this by moving his fingers together inch by inch. I myself am not quite at the final level yet-a rough measurement shows that I have about 4 more inches of towel to go before my fingers touch, but I have certainly noticed increased mobility and flexibility already.
The towel stretch can be made easier by remembering to 'worm' both hands up the towel, not just one. Actively use both to secure deeper stretches, and you will notice progress.
Doing even the easiest variations of this stretch will make you notice an immediate healing of the spine: your back will deliciously crack and you'll feel warm and limber afterwards. And with practicing the more advanced variants, you will make yourself more limber for whatever physical activity you engage in, ranging from dancing to getting out of submission holds.
Or you could be one of millions of Americans with bad backs and hips. The choice is yours.
Read More: Why It's Necessary To Relax Into A Stretch 


ARTICLE

Since we were children, we have been bombarded with propaganda that romantic love is the ultimate relationship ideal. Hollywood movies, Disney cartoons, and literary fiction all portray romantic love as an absolute necessity in any wedding union, but how much of that narrative has been a lie? Is it possible that our pursuit of romantic love is actually preventing us from forming a lifelong pair bond?
I began to question the notion of romantic love when thinking about its emotional root. Love is a fleeting emotion, and like all emotions, it comes and goes like the clouds in the sky. Why have I been taught to select my life partner based on an emotion? I'm surely not encouraged to use emotion when buying a house, applying for a job, or doing my personal finances, but when it comes to choosing a human being that I'm supposed to spend the rest of my life with, I'm advised by the establishment narrative to use emotion for the biggest decision of them all.
Another major clue that romantic love is a childish strategy for choosing mates is the fact that countries with arranged marriages, where partners are picked based on purely practical matters, have lower divorce rates that in countries where romantic love is used to select mates ( 1 , 2 , 3 ). While there are multiple reasons for divorce in any society, it is rather coincidental that the countries most impacted by notions of romantic love happen to have the highest divorce rates .
Romance was invented 
It turns out that your desire to use love as a precondition for marriage or pair bonding is an invented construct that had roots in destroying tradition and theistic authority. Romanticism, a movement that began in the 18th century, put romantic love at the forefront, not just for individuals but nations as well, all from a central thesis of individualism. It wanted you to take the focus away from boring old rules and traditions to focusing on how you feel .
The movement came primarily from bourgeois youth, who used family money to fiddle away on idealistic writings.
…the Romantic Movement was nothing more than a protest against bourgeois conventions, bourgeois society and morality. To be extreme and flamboyant and unusual and violent even at the risk of becoming grotesque was the desire of every young Romantic. The Romantics were, in fact, bourgeois origins, who were trying hard to escape from their own shadows. ( Source )
[…] Romantics believed that men and women ought to be guided by warm emotions rather than the cold abstract rules and rituals established by Bourgeois society. ( Source 
They sound a lot like modern day social justice warriors , many of whom are trust fund babies that lash out against 'privilege' and 'inequality' to relieve the psychological pain of being wealthy without having had to earn it. Combined with the fact that SJWs also trump feelings over logic, it's clear to see how romanticists were proto-SJWs, whose individualistic ideas are just what the enlightenment needed to complete its destruction of tradition.
Romantics re-defined what relationships should be based on 
Prior to the romantic era, companionate love was the relationship form often described in literature and other historical writings.
Passionate love is the arousal-driven emotion which often gives people extreme feelings of happiness, and can also give people feelings of anguish. Companionate love is the form which creates a steadfast bond between two people, and gives people feelings of peace. Scientists have described the stage of passionate love as 'being on cocaine,' since during that stage the brain releases the same neurotransmitter, dopamine, as when cocaine is being used. ( Source )
Besides Song Of Songs in the Old Testament , writers were not encouraged to muse endlessly about passionate love, and there is zero evidence it was used as the principal factor in forming new marriages, but it's this passionate love that we're told to strive for, of feeling like you've been swept up in an exciting whirlwind, before publishing the gory details on Buzzfeed or in a bestseller like Eat Pray Love, authored by a woman who is embarking on her second divorce .
Women of the romantic era played a big part in elevating romantic love, and why wouldn't they? It's much more fun to get swept up in the excitement created by non-committal alpha male than it does to do arduous daily duties before you husband, king, and God. Women were given the chance to pick between excitement or responsibility, and we know what they have chosen.
The works of the Romantic Era also differed from preceding works in that they spoke to a wider audience, partly reflecting the greater distribution of books as costs came down during the period. The Romantic period saw an increase in female authors and also female readers. ( Source )
The modern era has doubled down on the notion of romantic love Jewish psychologist Robert Sternberg proposed the popular triangular theory of love , which is often used today as defining the love ideal. This theory has caused immense harm for stating that all three forms of love are needed in equal measure for a successful relationship.

Anyone who takes an introductory psychology course, or who reads a pop psychology book, will be exposed to this theory, and walk away thinking that passion is absolutely required in a relationship. If it's not there, the presumption is that the relationship is no longer 'consummate' and far short of ideal.
Believing that romantic love and passion are necessary in a marriage makes it that much easier to exit out of it, because when a woman no longer 'feels passion,' she will walk away knowing that experts like Sternberg would agree that the relationship degraded and was no longer worth saving. And this is exactly what modern women are doing in droves. They have shown an appalling disregard for their wedding vows, especially upon realizing that they initiate 80% of divorces .
Romanticism and the rise of nationalism 
If nationalism came out of the romantic era, and passionate love was a mistake, does that mean nationalism is also a mistake?
One of Romanticism's key ideas and most enduring legacies is the assertion of nationalism, which became a central theme of Romantic art and political philosophy. From the earliest parts of the movement, with their focus on development of national languages and folklore, and the importance of local customs and traditions, to the movements that would redraw the map of Europe and lead to calls for self-determination of nationalities, nationalism was one of the key vehicles of Romanticism, its role, expression and meaning.
[…] Patriotism, nationalism, revolution and armed struggle for independence also became popular themes in the arts of this period. ( Source )
Upon closer inspection, it's easy to see that the ruling agenda of today, globalism , is essentially 'world nationalism.' Instead of loving your neighbor, and only those who share your unique traditions or race, you're supposed to love everyone in the world , because it's evil to think that there are large differences between a German businessman in a Hugo Boss suit and a Tutsi villager with a lip plate the size of a grapefruit.
The romantic ideal of nationalism is not Adolph Hitler, but George Soros , who insists on loving everyone in the world from the depths of your heartfelt human compassion. A nationalism based on genetics and local bonds will no doubt serve citizens better than a 'global nationalism' where you're supposed to care for those who are nothing like you.
How should men choose their life partners? 
It's clear that using romantic love and passion as your primary standard for long-term relationships will lead to failure and maybe even personal catastrophe. You'll easily come to this conclusion by evaluating your past relationships and the mistakes you've made on women who you had intense passion for.
Instead, practicality must be the order of the day. You must logically evaluate any woman you intend to be with for more than a casual relationship by weighing her values, beliefs, and sexual history. This is easier said than done because we've been so brainwashed to believe passion is important, but it simply makes the most amount of sense. Find a woman the same way you would find a new job or buy a new house, and be wary of women who picked you based more on passion than practical matters.
It may sound cold to search for your wife like you would a business partner, but that is exactly what she is. The day-to-day life of a family home is far more business and economics than love, and so you should come to the easy conclusion that that's what you must use to form a stable home.
Understand, however, that we do not live in a traditional and patriarchal society that aids us in our search for a virtuous woman. Instead, society is encouraging women to corrupt themselves, sexually and physically, in the name of empowerment and independence, making our search exceedingly difficult. This is one of the costs we have to pay for living in the modern world. Some men will be able to overcome it, but many men won't, and will fail in their search for a woman they can create a family with.
But at least we are now armed with the knowledge of what it takes to have a more successful long-term relationship. It's not romantic love or butterflies in the stomach, but a matter of practicality. Logically evaluate her past, her values, and her beliefs to make sound predictions of how she'll behave in the future. From this evaluation will come a logical decision that is likely to endure, instead of relying on emotion, which changes as readily as the direction of the wind.
Read More: Unconditional Love From A Woman Is Impossible 


ARTICLE

Peter the Great (1672-1725) was one of the pivotal figures of Russian history. His reforms were a product of his personality and his vision for what he wanted Russia to become; and sometimes in history, personality matters more than those vague 'historical forces' that professional historians like to imagine as controlling the destinies of men.
Russia in his day was still half-barbarous. To rule her he had to be an absolute monarch, and never for a moment doubted his right to be so. His personal habits say much about him: he had little need for sleep, regularly working for fourteen hours (or more) per day. Alcohol was considered, then as now, an acceptable escape from the drudgery of rule; but he knew when to limit his intake, and forbade his ministers from excessive consumption. His sexual appetites were as normal as any man's, but he showed little interest in the kind of conspicuous indulgence that characterized most of his contemporaries in western Europe.
He did make a point of choosing mistresses of lowly origin, rather than from titled families; he had no desire for intellectual competition in the bedroom. When Frederick II of Denmark teased him about the type of women he chose, his response was 'Brother, my women do not cost me much, but yours cost you thousands of crowns which might be better spent elsewhere.'

He chose to spend most of his time in the city that bore his name, St. Petersburg. He liked maritime affairs, and wanted to be near the sea. He disliked the atmosphere of Moscow, with its abundance of clergy and freezing winters. It was the army that first felt the effect of his modernization programs. Peter introduced conscription, a professional officer class, and defined periods of service; his naval program was less effective, and most of the vessels built during his reign were not of high quality.
He realized that he would never be able to make Russia into a great power unless he changed the mentality and outlook of the people. And like many rulers before and after him, he underestimated just how difficult this task would prove to be. After his death, many of his reforms were permitted to wither on the vine; but at least some tentative first steps had been made that future monarchs might draw inspiration from. By imperial decree he banished beards in 1698 (an exception was made for the Orthodox Patriarch); this was a shocking step in a country where whiskers had become a symbol of piety and fidelity. Those who insisted on keeping them could do so by paying an income-adjusted annual tax. We are told that some distraught peasants obsessively saved their shaved facial hair, lest they incur some disfavor from the saints.
But there was method to Peter's apparent madness. He understood that appearance and thought are connected, and that if a man wished to change one, he had to change the other. In 1700 Peter decreed that all royal officials had to adopt Western-style clothing. Trousers and cloaks were acceptable; caftans or overly 'oriental' garb was not. Like Kemal Ataturk two centuries later, he had no patience for backsliders or protesters, whom he swept aside ruthlessly. In social relations, he ended for good the traditional practice of secluding women from public intercourse with men, a habit that had probably been an inheritance from the Mongols.
These reforms gained Peter some bitter enemies among the clergy. For centuries the Russian ecclesiastic establishment had held a near monopoly on education and rural social life; Peter's reforms threatened to erode this base, and they saw in him an implacable enemy of traditional belief. They also suspected him of having had too much contact with western Europeans, a fact that–it seemed to them–made him nearly an atheist. Peter did not help matters by openly mocking their rituals and folkways; as he saw matters, it was his responsibility to bring Russia up to par with the other advanced nations of the day, and resistance from obscurantist clerics could not be tolerated.
Peter solved this problem for a time by making himself the head of the Orthodox Church in 1700 when Patriarch Adrian died. He did not appoint a successor, and went one step further in 1721 by abolishing the title of patriarch altogether. In its place he formed a council of clerics that he himself would appoint; with this measure, the Church effectively became an arm of the state. Ecclesiastical grumbling was audible, but Peter wisely refused to venture into disputes with the priests over religious doctrine. He cared about power, not theology.
Slowly he made progress in industrialization. This frankly could only be done with dictatorial power, and to this end he reorganized the traditional Russian boyar system. In place of the old aristocracy, a new one arose that was based on military and civil function. His rule saw some success in mining and textile work: when Peter died in 1725, Russia was exporting iron, and state-sponsored factories made modest gains in cloth manufacture. Protective tariffs were used to shelter the new industries from suffocating foreign competition.To pay for all this, Peter unashamedly taxed everyone in his realm to the limits of their tolerance. State tax revenues rose from 1.4 million rubles in 1680 to 8.5 million in 1724. The majority of this revenue went to the military.
A Russian boyar
Ambitious plans existed for education, too. Peter ordered the old Slavonic alphabet used by the Church to be replaced by a new system (based on Greek letters). He imported printing presses, founded institutes, and organized professional associations to spread the ideas that were current at the time in western Europe.
What was the net result of all this effort? The picture was a mixed one. Reformers are not usually popular, as by their very nature they are required to focus attentions in different directions. Men and horses do not appreciate new stirrups. The peasantry–already used to a harsh existence–found themselves taxed to exhaustion; Moscow became filled with paupers who alternated between banditry and begging. The nobles hated him with the same ferocity as the French nobles hated Richelieu, and for the very same reason: because he forced them to serve the nation rather than each other.
As his unpopularity grew, Peter resorted more and more to the whip and the dungeon to implement his designs. Perhaps there was no other way. But at the very least, his example pointed the way for future authoritarian leaders who would drag Russia, kicking and screaming, into the modern era. Some of his achievements were lasting and significant, and some were not. In history, even great men must contend with the limitations of their era, and try to balance their own vision with the possibilities granted them by circumstance. It is on this precarious tightrope that all great men walk.
Read More : 4 More Countries To Emigrate To If The West Collapses 


ARTICLE

Stoicism is a philosophy for your mind that helps you deal with suffering and misfortune. In this podcast, I review stoicism's strongest points as presented by three powerful thinkers (Epictetus, Seneca, and Marcus Aurelius) by using direct quotes from their most important works. I also share how I've used stoicism to reduce pain in my own life and how you can do the same through an effectively four-point strategy.
Listen on Soundcloud or download the MP3:

Listen on Youtube:

Subscribe on iTunes or add the RSS feed to your favorite podcast app. If you like the podcast, please leave a rating and review on iTunes.
Previous Podcast: What Travel Can And Can't Give A Man 


ARTICLE

The media doesn't even try to hide its shameless pro-Socialist bias these days. Since nobody really pays attention to them anymore, you might have missed some of the more entertaining butthurt spouted by shameless propagandists posing as journalists.
2016 election night coverage on the propaganda news channels is a lesson in hilarity when examining the reaction of lamestream media talking heads. What is most entertaining about Trump's ascendancy to the Oval Office is that it was totally unexpected, catching cocksure Marxists at CNN and other alphabet channels completely off guard.
Let's go over some of the more entertaining reactions last Tuesday.
5. Hillary Shill Martha Raddatz Breaks Down In Tears 
Over at ABC, the wrinkled old Hillary shill Martha Raddatz was at a loss for words as she attempted to perform an off the cuff hamster rationalization to fellow Clinton operative George Staphylococcus, explaining why The Bitch lost the election.

Raddatz looked like her mother just died as victory turned into defeat for the criminal Hillary Clinton. She's sure to be moving from a pack of smokes a day to two packs a day as the reality of the election continues to settle into her pea brain over the next 4 years. Her tears say more than her boilerplate language ever could.
4. Bernstein Plays The Race Card 
To the mainstream media, white people voting in accordance with their own self-interest is racist. In fact, white people acting in any other manner than total subservience is racist to CNN. Washington Post 'journalist' Carl Bernstein even went so far as to say Trump's election is 'tragic and dangerous' as despondent and quite possibly drugged CNN propagandists looked on. Bernstein seemed most upset about Trump's immigration policy proposals, in which Mexico will no longer be able to flagrantly let its citizens violate U.S. immigration law.
Bernstein completely forgot the racism white people have endured all year long at the hands of Black Lives Matter, La Raza and other black and brown supremacist groups.
3. Chris Matthews Goes Into Hamster Rationalization Mode 
Hamster rationalizations are usually reserved for women, but effeminate, low-T manlets like Chris Matthews also have them. His first spin of the hamster wheel makes him say Hillary won the debates. She didn't. Then he says she had the best ad campaign. Nobody believes advertising or anything you say, anymore Chris. Then Matthews says she had the best ground game. She might have, but she was a terrible candidate. The half-man, half-alligator James Carville looked ready to give Chris a hug as the reality of Hillary's defeat began to settle in on MSNBC.
2. The Racist Van Jones Whines About White People 
Van Jones looked like he needed a change of underwear as he fell back on tired, old leftist talking points from the 1960s about the evil white male —especially white males that haven't been turned into geldings. He then goes on with an emotional overreaction to say families will be afraid to have breakfast the next day because whitey got back into office. LMFAO. Really, dude?
He then says immigrants are afraid now that Trump is going to be President. No Van, immigrants aren't afraid. Illegal hordes who figuratively if not literally say 'Fuck you!' to U.S. immigration law are afraid, as they should be.
Jones then goes on to make a supremely ironic quote as he talks about a so-called white-lash: He says Trump's campaign was based on 'Throwing away some of us to appeal more deeply to others.' Umm, isn't that what the entire platform of the Democratic party is, Van? Throwing away, nay, crucifying white men to appeal more deeply to others ? Your entire career is based on just that, Mr. Jones.
1. CBS Does A Mea Culpa CBS published an article admitting how badly the press is biased
CBS was so stunned it did a full mea culpa on the network's shoddy coverage of the 2016 election. This stunning article entitled 'The Unbearable Smugness of the Press' needed to be written 10 years ago. Better late than never. CBS actually echoed what we in the manosphere and alt-right have been saying since day one with the Op-Ed piece.
This is all symptomatic of modern journalism's great moral and intellectual failing: its unbearable smugness . Had Hillary Clinton won, there'd be a winking 'we did it' feeling in the press, a sense that we were brave and called Trump a liar and saved the republic.
The Eyeball network even admitted the contempt the network has for men like us.
So much for that. The audience for our glib analysis and contempt for much of the electorate, it turned out, was rather limited. This was particularly true when it came to voters, the ones who turned out by the millions to deliver not only a rebuke to the political system but also the people who cover it. Trump knew what he was doing when he invited his crowds to jeer and hiss the reporters covering him. They hate us, and have for some time.
And can you blame them? Journalists love mocking Trump supporters. We insult their appearances. We dismiss them as racists and sexists. We emote on Twitter about how this or that comment or policy makes us feel one way or the other, and yet we reject their feelings as invalid.
Damn. At least some people over there know why we hate them. (That includes this former mainstream media news anchor who defected!)
Shameless Activism Got Marxism? It's the guiding philosophy of the alphabet channels
Anyone who has the capacity to perform an iota of critical thinking knows the mainstream media is NOT on the side of the average American. It hates and seethes at traditionalists and works to tear down every institution of Western civilization while attempting to impale the most hated of creatures on this planet, the Evil White Male.
The rebuke of a sorry candidate like Hillary when the socialist shills thought she was a shoe-in caught the smug son of a bitches off guard. Their reactions are priceless, and need to be documented and remembered. These reactions are undeniable proof that blogs like Return Of Kings and web sites like Breitbart and Drudge are sorely needed, indispensable resources in this day and age.
We have not been getting the truth from media for generations. And now, as alternative voices appear, the rift between the two versions of reality grows wider and deeper. The once mainstream media have become nothing but shameless activists for New World Order socialism. The election night 'horror show' only solidifies this point.
We should be proud to be activists pushing our own agenda, if nothing else to balance the scales. The media are NOT friends of the American public. Ultimately, the tired old Socialist media must be dismantled in order for freedom and traditionalism to survive .
Read More: Did The Anti-Donald Trump Riot In Chicago Help Trump Cruise To Victory On Tuesday? 


ARTICLE

  The Sad Saga Of John Walker Lindh, Rebel Without A Clue The Sad Saga Of John Walker Lindh, Rebel Without A Clue Beau Albrecht 
My father was a high-ranking student radical poobah and still thinks Castro is the bees' knees. Although this makes me technically a red diaper baby, I rejected all that baloney early on. These days, I write stories - mostly comedy science fiction - as well as maintain a blog mainly about dating advice, political commentary, and my writing projects. November 15, 2016 Culture 
John Walker Lindh grew up in the Washington, D.C. area. His family brought him to California when he was ten. In another ten years, he would become known as the American Taliban. While in Afghanistan, he was known as Sulayman al-Faris, one of several Arabic monikers he's used over the years. Johnny joins the jihad There are moments when one realizes one's vacation is really starting to suck. 
When he was twelve, the young Lindh saw Spike Lee's rather hagiographic film biography about Malcolm X. That began his fascination with Islam. While a teenager, he used the evocative email [email protected] and made several postings about rap music on Usenet. Sometimes he pretended to be Black, even having the nerve to 'dis' Dr. Dre : 
$hort Dog does hip hop no glory Wack like Dr Dre and his made-up gangster stories Sellout house nigga living honkey dory Saying he's broke in his own pool doing laps All these playground MC's fall off like scabs Skills disappear like alaka abracadab 
Dr Dre's a disgrace selling out to the talcolm He'll be left dead and naked in the outcome Word to brother Malcolm Dre shirts and hat's when will we see his cereal? 
So who's the poseur there, anyway? I'm not sure whether to laugh at the sheer impertinence, or cry at the abuse of the English language. 
When he was sixteen, he formally converted, beginning his fateful journey. Meanwhile, his family situation was on shaky ground. His father turned gay , living part-time with his male lover , and eventually divorced. 
John began his world travels, twice venturing to Yemen, both times for nearly a year. Later, he stayed at a Pakistani madrassa. In May 2001, he went to Afghanistan to fight on behalf of the Taliban. Unfortunately for him, after September 11, American forces went to war with the Taliban. He was captured on November 25 after his unit surrendered in Kunduz. 
The CIA questioned him, and he claimed to be an Irishman. (That must have been an interesting conversation, perhaps 'Ach, begorrah, top o' the mornin' to ye!' Presumably, pretending to be black again wouldn't have gotten him very far.) Shortly after, the captive jihadis staged a bloody uprising , and Lindh escaped. Hundreds died, including Mike Spann, one of his interrogators. After that, he was recaptured and—following some rough treatment, not that I'm shedding any tears about it—questioned again. He announced defiantly that he wasn't in the Taliban, but rather Al Qaeda. His actions sealed his doom. 
Fighting for the Taliban fruitcakes was a pretty dumb move on his part. His actions after being captured were even dumber. What could he have done differently? In the beginning, he could've said he was interested in Islam, and his quest for discovering his spiritual roots took him abroad. Then he could have lied and told them he was press-ganged into the Taliban, and he was quite happy to be freed by his countrymen. 
He could have tipped off his interrogators about the planned escape attempt—potentially sparing many lives on both sides—as well as avoiding further criminal charges for himself. Had he given a helpful warning about the uprising, likely they would've concluded he was small fry and let him go. After that, he could've become the star of the daytime TV talk shows. Then he could've given speeches on the anti-war circuit, helping his jihadi buddies by saying they really aren't that bad or whatever. 
Instead, he ended up faced with ten criminal charges, which could've meant three life sentences plus ninety years. Finally getting smart, he copped a plea for twenty years, with the possibility of three off for good behavior. Now, he's in Federal prison, making the news back in 2012 by suing for the right to be allowed group prayer . What went wrong? 

As Bush the Elder put it, Lindh was 'some misguided Marin County hot-tubber.' Later, he apologized profusely for the remark. Still, I have to say that Bush 41 was onto something with that one; all the criticism he got from that was because the truth hurts . 
Things could've been different. Lindh didn't have to become a renegade. If he'd made other choices, he could be living a happy life as a productive member of society, rather than counting the days in a prison cell. Still, his environment bears some responsibility for what he became. 
He was raised in the Catholic faith, but a stronger grounding in it—as well as explaining some of the unpleasant realities about Islam to balance out the picture —might have put the kibosh on his journey to jihad. (A liberal environment should at least be able to explain why all that's bad. Or has liberalism become too wishy-washy to assert its own values?) There wasn't much chance of parental guidance turning him from the wrong path; his mother converted to Buddhism and his father left for the gay community. 
For that matter, if he had acquired an appreciation for good music—be it Mozart or Metallica—perhaps he wouldn't have been so fascinated by irritating rap music. What kind of white kid is so alienated from his heritage that he pretends to be Black and laughably accuses Dr. Dre of selling out? On that note, as for Malcolm X, didn't Lindh have some cultural icons of his own? I have to wonder if he received much grounding in his own Irish-American heritage. 
All this is an illustration of what can happen when an impressionable adolescent is cast adrift in an ' anything goes ' environment. Islam speaks in absolutes, enjoining right conduct and forbidding haram conduct, and they fight for what they believe in. (I can't fault them too much for that, although I disagree with their theology and actions on many points.) 
Going further, Islam offers paradise for believers—promising seventy virgins to their martyrs—and eternal hellfire and brimstone for the damned; there's nothing wishy-washy about it. Indeed, embracing radical Islam could be interpreted as an utter rejection of the 'anything goes' world view. I certainly don't agree with Lindh's choices, but I can see how he found that compelling in comparison to being at sea in moral relativism . 
This certainly isn't the first time that people turned their backs on their countries and went abroad to give aid and comfort to the enemy. Jane Fonda's North Vietnam adventure comes to mind; an action she now regrets. More recently, there were about five hundred misguided youths who volunteered to be human shields in Iraq for their pal Saddam. For all their posturing, none of them got themselves blown up over there. (Leaving aside the question of whether or not the resumption of war was justified, 500 fewer Social Justice Warriors would've helped cleanse the gene pool a bit.) 
Then there's the odd case of Matthew Todd Miller , a Californian who went to North Korea, tore up his visa, and announced he was seeking political asylum. That one's an iffy case though; later he said 'I just wanted to speak to an ordinary North Korean person about normal things.' Kids these days… In summary Don't let this happen to our youth. They must not grow up culturally bereft. 
In times past, children were taught about their country's heritage, instructed in their culture, and pride in their nation was instilled in them. It was a given that these were presented as good things. These days—at least in much of the Western world—this isn't happening. We can't count on the educational system—and certainly the media—to do that any more. 
Because of decades of cultural Marxism , young people are indoctrinated with a negative view of their own civilization. 'All societies, beliefs, and ways of life are equal, except yours are terrible.' Those who don't see through that baloney end up rootless, alienated, and disconnected from their own culture. Some even end up thinking that their homeland is the embodiment of all evil while repressive regimes abroad are wonderful. This is basically what Social Justice Weenies think, something they have in common with young jihadi rebels without a clue. 
This will have to change, of course. Hopefully, the day will come when the media manipulators and educational bureaucrats who pushed cultural Marxism are standing in the unemployment line. For now, we'll have to pay close attention to the messages that the young people in our lives are absorbing, and help them learn to be secure in their faith and cultural identity. Teach them about their roots and why that's important. Don't let the TV be your child's babysitter. 'Anything goes' is not a standard by which to raise our youth.

ARTICLE

  Shopify Erased Our Store From The Internet While I Was Fulfilling 55 Orders Shopify Erased Our Store From The Internet While I Was Fulfilling 55 Orders November 15, 2016 Work & Money 
To launch a Return Of Kings t-shirt shop, I decided to go with Shopify because of how much easier it is to launch than a self-hosted store. I signed up with them, paid for one year of service, and did a pre-launch with a small group of readers, which resulted in 55 orders. As I began fulfilling them, Shopify pulled the plug on the entire store without warning, both the public storefront and the administrative backend with all our data. 
Because of Shopify's decision, my customers couldn't access their order status, I had no way of informing them of what happened, and I couldn't fulfill remaining orders. They put both me and 55 individuals in the lurch for no legitamate reason, forcing me to threaten legal action in order to get enough information to complete fulfillment of all orders. The Backstory 
There are many open source solutions for hosting a web store. The problem with them is that it takes extra time to create the store and maintain it, compared to services like Shopify, Squarespace, Bigcommerce, Magento, and others. To get the ROK store up and running as quickly as possible, I picked Shopify because of their competitive prices, not knowing that I was in for a far greater price down the road. 
After I set up the store, featuring photos of yours truly in our first t-shirt, I collected email addresses of those who were most interested with participating in the pre-launch. I sent this group an email announcing the store and 55 of them took action, ordering a t-shirt or two. The shirt in question 
During this time, I received an email from a Shopify risk analyst by the name of Justin. He asked me to send in identification, which I was happy to do, and then asked me for more information: 
Thanks for signing up with Shopify Payments and providing your ID. 
In order to complete this initial review and ensure payments continue to be sent to your account we would need a little bit more information. 
If you could send me any documentation you may have to validate the business that would be great. Examples would be a business bank statement, business license or business registration documents. 
Could you also confirm where you're primarily operating your business from? 
I sent in my business incorporation documents, my IRS employer number designation, a recent bank statement (from my US-based bank), and a note of how I often travel through Eastern Europe, but that my business, bank accounts, and tax status all reside in the United States. In spite of that, Shopify unjustly classified me as a foreign business and gave me no means to dispute it. 
Unfortunately, Shopify Payments is currently only available to companies that are based in Australia, Canada, United Kingdom and the United States, so we are not able to help with payments for your site right now. It's frustrating for us to have to turn down good businesses, but we need to make sure we're abiding by both US and international regulations. This means that any successful charges you have will be transferred to you on schedule, but you won't be able to use Shopify Payments to accept any further payments. […] 
Despite the information provided, our payment processing partner needs to ensure that the shops are based, operating from and have a substantial presence in the United States. 
Ultimately, their decision is final and we must respect it. 
According to the United States Federal Government and the IRS, my company is American and liable to pay American taxes, but to Shopify, I'm not an American business. The repercussion from this was that I couldn't use Shopify's own payment system (Shopify Payments) and had to pay a 2% extra commision on all orders, but this wasn't a huge setback since there were many other payment options. I stayed the course because I wanted to do an on-time opening for my readers. I could always change stores later when it was convenient for me. The Disaster 
I have a worker based in the United States who maintains the shirt inventory and is charge of shipping them out. He printed most of the shipping labels for the first batch of orders and got ready for shipment. Before he was finished, I tried to log into the admin area of the store to monitor his progress and saw this: 
The public storefront was also taken down. There was no longer any way for me to know who my customers were and what they ordered. I couldn't even send them an email. I then received this from Justin: 
Hello, 
I'm afraid that after reviewing your information and website we believe your business presents a level of risk for customer disputes that we will be unable to support on Shopify. 
We will transfer your existing payments to you, but will be unable to accept any additional payments on your behalf from Shopify Payments. 
I'm sorry we won't be able to help with your business. 
Regards, 
Justin 
After I read this email, I was absolutely livid. I've been doing business on the internet for over fifteen years, and have never had a situation where a company pulled the rug out from under me and my customers in a way that I would personally classify as fraud. 
They allowed me to take 55 orders, begin processing them, and then removed all access so I could not complete fulfillment. Imagine if you bought a shirt from me and then tried to access the store to see the status of your order. You would have no way to know what's going on and would probably think that I took your money and ran. Shopify created a situation of unneeded worry for 55 individuals while directly hurting my reputation as if I'm running some sort a scam operation. The Phone Call To Support 
I called support and got on the line with a Level 1 support tech. I told him the situation as calmly as I could. His response: send an email reply to Justin. This was unacceptable because politely complying with him through email beforehand had only resulted in the deletion of my entire store without warning. I demanded to speak with someone from the risk department but the support tech told me there was no way to patch me through since he was working remotely. I was not calling Shopify's main office but someone sitting in the middle of nowhere in his pajamas. 
I also told the support tech that there was no further information asked of me, that this was a unilateral closing of my shop while I was in the middle of fulfillment. If Shopify is so worried about fraud, why would they leave 55 individuals in a position where they would believe they got defrauded and start initiating chargebacks with their credit card companies? I had no choice but to threaten legal action. I told the support tech that if Shopify doesn't give me a way to complete these 55 orders, I would pursue all legal means as a response to what I saw as fraud. 
The support tech put me on hold. After a few minutes of chatting with the risk team, he said that they have given him permission to send me a CSV file of all my orders. I decided that this was enough to satisfy the 55 individuals who purchased from me, but it still didn't allow me an easyway to process exchanges or refunds if one of my customers was unsatisfied with the shirt. 
Before ending the call with the support tech, I told him to relay to Justin and his team that they have created so much ill will by the way they have treated me that I will ensure that everyone knows exactly what they did, not just to me but also to my customers, who had an unfortunate experience because of their e-commerce platform. 
Using the CSV file I received, I was able to contact my customers to let them know of the situation and complete fulfillment. Many of them have already received their t-shirts in the mail. The Lesson 
Shopify has every right to choose who to do business with, and I would not be particularly upset if they said I have to go elsewhere after fulfilling open orders , but the way they removed all access from my store is absolutely reprehensible and the stuff of nightmares for a business owner. No owner wants to wake up one day and find that everything is gone with no way to contact his customers. I have never been treated so poorly by an American internet business before, and I'm confident that any business who treats people in this way won't be in business for long. 
Maybe my situation was special, as I am often abroad, but Shopify operates as if its customers are not even allowed to take a vacation out of the country. If you log in from a certain IP address pool, their algorithms go crazy and here comes Justin to hit the delete button on your store with one click. 
Whatever the reason, it's important for existing and potential Shopify customers to know that it doesn't take much for them to shut you down at any moment and for any cause. They will take all your information and prevent you from contacting customers or fulfilling orders. Your only recourse to receive your data is to threaten legal action, and that may be no guarantee of success. If any of my friends ask me about which web store platform to use, I will strongly warn them against Shopify. 
As for the ROK store, I've decided to try the open source method. Hopefully we will be ready for orders again within two months. Nov 15, 2016 Roosh Valizadeh

ARTICLE

  8 Ways To Forge Strength Through Challenges 8 Ways To Forge Strength Through Challenges 
Corey is an aspiring iconoclast. He believes that the key to life is for men to honour their primal nature. 
Learn more about his views at theprimalmale.com You can also follow him on Twitter . November 14, 2016 Mind 
We, modern men, need to constantly improve ourselves in a hostile world like ours that tries to debase us. While the lesser 'men' embrace weakness and degeneracy, we must embrace strength and discipline. While whiners complain about how unfair the world is and how it's better to just disengage, we must engage the world with greater willpower and defeat our enemies. Towards this end, I propose that we become both resilient and antifragile in every way possible. 
The following are ways you can turn a seemingly negative circumstances into strengths. 1. Stress 
Although stress has been maligned as the plague of the modern world that wrecks our mental and physical health, the way you perceive it makes a profound difference on how it affects you. New studies have shown that those who see stress as being toxic suffered damaging health effects while who saw it as being helpful were able to turn it into a source of energy to push them through their challenges. 
So, next time you feel stressed from whatever trouble you may be facing, remember that it is your friend. You must reframe the sensation and believe that it's your body trying to help you. By changing how you processes stress, you can use it to succeed in life. 2. Obstacles Your response to obstacles reveal the kind of man you really are. 
Whatever obstacles you may face in your endeavors, you have two choices: become frustrated and discouraged by it, or see it as an opportunity to grow stronger. Like stress, it's the weaker man's inclination to view an obstacle as a confirmation of his own helplessness, but you must do better and face up to whatever gets in your way. Use every occasion to grow stronger from your obstacles and if you aren't facing enough of them in your life, you need to get out and start doing more things. 
How you deal with obstacle will show your true nature as a man for the world to see. So, don't pussy out or moan about what you must overcome; instead, be determined to rise above it. Your honor is at stake. 3. Failures 
Failures are inevitable in life. Although you should always try your best to succeed, you shouldn't be afraid to fail either. Just as with obstacles, view every instance of failure as an opportunity to learn and adapt. It's not failure itself that is bad, but not learning from it or giving up so easily. Remember: winners don't quit; they try to do better. 4. Rejection 
Rejection is a specific kind of failure that is often the most painful of them all. It's especially difficult because it's often unclear whether it was actually your fault or not. I would say that it's best to assume full responsibility for all the rejections you face and see what area you can improve to better increase your chance next time. As long as you're willing to learn and as long as you're willing to try again, you will grow. Master rejections and you'll be placing yourself far above other men. 5. Physical Discomfort This is why Russians are so tough. 
It's well known that the human body is designed to be anti-fragile. Your bones get thicker with every blow and your skin gets tougher with every scrap. Pain and discomfort of all sorts also become more bearable the more you expose yourself to them. The more harshness you endure, the stronger you become over time. But inversely, the more comfortable you are, the softer you turn and the weaker you get. 
One simple method you can implement to become more healthy and energized is to start taking cold showers. The benefits of doing it are many, including: stronger immune system, enhanced mood and energy, better circulation, boost in testosterone level, and so on. If you are having trouble getting started, start by doing just 30 seconds at the end of your usual warm shower and go from there. You want to train yourself until you can comfortably stand under the coldest water for at least five minutes. 6. Fear 
You can't really turn fear itself into a positive, but the process of conquering your fears can have a transformative effect on your life. Some of the proudest, most exciting, and memorable moments of my life were when I defied fears by doing a presentation in front of hundreds of people (I had a terrible stage-fright), going rock climbing (I have a terrible fear of heights), and traveling for the first time by myself to a foreign country. 
One thing you can do to completely turn your life around is to do what this man did and make a list of all the fears that you wish to defeat. Write them down in an order from the least fearful to the most and start knocking them down one by one. It's impossible not to become a better man once you conquer them all. 7. Anger 
Like fear, anger is not something you can transform into a positive trait (I've heard of people 'transmutating' their anger to re-channel the energy into other activities, but I've never had it work that way). However, it is a good focal point to master your mind to become more stoic. It can also serve as your area of focus if you practice meditation. 
No matter how unpleasant, your anger will teach you a lot about yourself and only if you allow it. It will reveal your weaknesses, insecurities, and any other areas of your life in need of improvement. As one of the most base and primal of human emotions, you shouldn't just shirk it as something that is unneeded; instead, make it your friend. 8. Negativity And Pessimism 
For the longest time, I felt guilty about being 'so negative' because I was constantly told by everyone else that it was a bad thing. Smile, they said; think positively, they said; your life will improve, they said. I was constantly berated for not being part of the North American positivity cult. It's no wonder why people there tend to say that they're doing 'great' even when they're feeling like shit (a habit I have yet to fix). 
But in contrary to the long held belief that positive thinking and attitude gives you a better life, studies have shown just the opposite: Forced positivity can actually harm you . For some people (like me) positive thinking backfires and makes things worse. Also, bad-tempered people who are pessimists have been shown to enjoy more successful marriages, be healthier, live longer, be better at negotiating, and more successful overall in life. So, if you're a natural grouch like me, it's time to embrace who you are and tell the fake-ass, positivity people to shove it. Conclusion 
The road to self-improvement is an ugly and a bumpy one. I honestly can't say that I enjoy it. But no matter what, I know that it is a necessary part of being a man. I can't imagine myself not trying to be better in spite of all the difficulties. I refuse to live a life of complacency. Some people mock and insult our efforts , but know that their opinions don't matter. Lesser men have no say on what it means to live. So, fight on and prosper, for this is your one and only life.

ARTICLE

Home This Month Popular Are You On Pace To Reach Your Goals? Are You On Pace To Reach Your Goals? February 2, 2013 2 Lifestyle 
Today is February 2, 2013 and you're one month closer to death. What have you done this year to improve yourself? Some may say New Years resolutions are cop-outs for actually setting reasonable goals, instead of starting today we say 'In a week I'll hit the gym and finally get ripped!' I like the idea of coming up with goals and plans to achieve them for January 1st of the next year. The start of each year is a mental rebirth, January 1 is a new snow begging for you to make fresh tracks in it, a blank canvas yearning to be painted on. 
However, many do use New Years resolutions to feel better about themselves. They gorge themselves on baked goods, drink heartily and fail to exercise throughout the month of December telling themselves that 'next year will be different' and 'just one last time before I change.' This is not the case for us here at Return of Kings. We are different — writers, readers, and commenters all strive to build themselves into the man they want to be. 
Personally, I had some slip-ups through the month of January, but what sets the determined apart from the shambling masses is that we pick ourselves up and keep pushing forward one step at a time . I started the year off strong my days and nights booked full with dates, time with girlfriends, reconnecting with old friends. I eschewed online dating and become more social during the day time. I broke PRs on all of my lifts, dropped a few pounds, and sought coaching for the Olympic lifts. 
Most importantly I held myself accountable for all of my actions. If I ate too much, drank too much or didn't take opportunities I should have, I picked myself up and adapted. Push forward and give everything you have. How bad do you want it? What happens when you reach your goal? Do you aim higher, or do you stop there and remain content with being slightly above average ? If you choose the latter and have finite, concrete goals you are already anticipating the day you can quit building yourself. You're doomed for failure.Don't ever miss an opportunity to get better , take risks , analyze your successes/failures, and don't stop until you've surpassed your goals. Then strive to be better, faster and stronger. 
What are your goals for 2013? Are they SMART ? Do you have a purpose ? Do you want to have sex with more beautiful women, learn a language , lift more weight and make more money? Do you have an accountability buddy or do you journal and meticulously track your progress? 
How is your progress going? Feb 2, 2013 Western Cancer

ARTICLE

Gentlemen, I am filled to the brim with joy. We have successfully thwarted the globalist's plans to ruin America—we've fought against the big banks, we've fought against the Satanic pedophile Elites , and we've fought against the corrupt mainstream media.
But, the battle is not over yet. We still have much to do if we wish to make America great again. This will not be an easy fight, for we will certainly face much resistance along the way. Expect the cucks and liberals to throw temper tantrums as their safe spaces come tumbling down, expect the mainstream media to demonize the alt-right, and expect the elites to do everything they can to stop us.
They will not stop us, though—no, we are far too powerful. The wheels of truth do in fact turn slowly, but alas, they turn! And they are growing in speed as we blaze towards victory. Here are four goals that we must achieve on our path to victory.
1. Dismantle The Mainstream Media 
As more and more of us start to wake up, the media will begin to sense this—in fact, they already have. Have you wondered why they've started to cover anti-Hillary stories? It's because they realize that they're losing credibility.
The mainstream media is very well aware that they're losing their chokehold on the American public's mind, so in a last ditch effort, they're trying to seem unbiased. Do not buy into their lies—it's all a giant farce; an attempt to regain their former credibility.
Over the next four years, it will be extremely important to start dismantling these outlets. It's time to call them out for what they are. Start sharing alt-right stories on Facebook and Twitter, get our message out there. Don't watch any mainstream media.
Don't buy mainstream magazines, don't watch their news shows, hell, don't even pay for cable. Do everything you can to bleed their pockets dry.
As more and more money moves away from the mainstream media, it will naturally move towards alternative news sources—sites like Return Of Kings, Info Wars, Matt Forney , and Danger and Play will become the new media.
Don't expect this to happen at first, however. In one final cry, before its gory death, the media will proclaim that there is a new 'racist, xenophobic' enemy that helped Donald get into office: the alt-right.
Expect them to demonize us. Expect them to lie about us, to scream and shout, and to protest. This is fine, however—for we are anti-fragile. The alt-right is in a very unique position.
Any and all hatred towards the alt-right will be a net win for us. Why? It's simple: any publicity is good publicity. A single mention of an alternative news site by the MSM can, and often does, net us tens of thousands of new viewers.
In other words: if they ignore us, we continue to grow in power. If they attack us, we grow even faster. They can't win.
2. Drain The Swamp 
Everything that we've done up to this point to get Donald in office will be completely pointless if we don't drain the swamp. This is our one chance—we have four years to do this.
In order for us to bring about permanent change in this country, we need to hold the cucks and libtards accountable for their actions. Anyone who pushed the pro-Islam agenda, rape culture, or feminazi philosophy must be called out for the traitors that they are.
The elites, the corrupt bankers, and the globalists must all be brought to light. In order for us to bring about true change, and to prevent a globalist dictatorship from happening in the near future, we must ensure that at least 25% of Americans are aware of the elites' 'conspiracy' by the next election.
This is a grass roots movement, and it is growing in power—but we must take away power from those who tried so hard to fight us. Now is the time to cause a ruckus and email your representatives. Now is the time to demand Hillary be thrown in prison.
Every single person involved in Hillary Clinton's private email server must be thrown in jail. Pedophiles and Satanists such as Anthony Weiner and Marina Abramovic, and traitors such as Huma Abedin and Comey must be thrown in jail for their crimes.
Now is the time to clear out the murky waters—to sift through the dirt and rotten garbage lurking below. I believe, that once all is said and done, America will enter into a new age of prosperity. The patriarchy will return.
3. Normalize Straight Males 
For too long have men been oppressed, by the very civilization which we created. We have let the SJW's and culture warriors back us into a corner, but we've finally started to fight back.
More and more men, upon being exposed to the manosphere, are starting to wake up and take the red pill . We're starting to realize, as a nation, that there is no reason to be ashamed of being white or being a man.
Once we start to dismantle the mainstream media and drain the swamp, most of this should happen naturally—it was only through the artificial social engineering that being a white male became a crime.
But, we can't stop here—it's time to start slowly red-pilling our blue-pilled friends. The best way to do this, is simply through osmosis. Don't try to convince them with logic, because they did not arrive at a blue-pilled position through logic. They did so through emotion.
Simply be a beacon of masculinity. Be confident in yourself, be assertive, and don't cave into ridiculous HR requests or political correctness social pressures. Again, once the mainstream media is dismantled and the manosphere grows in popularity, our movement will gain strength exponentially.
The normalization of males, especially white males, is essential for our culture to continue—the second that we started to become ashamed of our heritage and of our nationality was the second that the cucks started closing in. We cannot give them an inch, or they will take a mile.
This is not to say that our country shouldn't accept immigrants—IF they go through the legal process. How did it get so far that it became socially unacceptable to shame ILLEGAL immigrants? Again, ILLEGAL immigrants? Like I said, it got this way due to an overwhelming amount of white guilt. Do not be ashamed of your heritage, men.
We have made a gigantic step towards national sovereignty with Donald Trump being elected as president, and we cannot let this victory go in vain. We must push onward and continue to normalize what is NORMAL. Being a straight male, white or note, should be the norm, not being a transgender, green-haired, SJW.
4. Get The Law On Our Side 
As our grass roots movement picks up more and more steam, I believe that the pressure we create will naturally push judges and lawmakers to change our corrupt legal system.
First things first, we must create laws that treat men and women as they should be treated. Too many laws are skewed in favor of women. Now that women have the right to work, we must remove alimony—it's ridiculous that men should have to pay $10,000 a month to their ex-wives, because she 'got used to' a certain living situation.
We must remove corrupt anti-male divorce laws, ridiculous 'hate-speech' laws which infringe on our freedom of speech, and ultimately, SJW 'rape' laws.
I, along with many other ROK men, have been falsely accused of rape . It's time to remove all of these ridiculous laws that make it illegal for men to simply talk to women, and that were built into the system by the elites in order to wage war against men.
The law should encourage freedom of speech; the fact that Twitter has not been held accountable for banning Milo Yiannopoulos is absolutely absurd. Information and social media platforms should be held to the same standards that the American people are.
Google needs to stop censoring search results—and if they don't, it's time for us to create laws against this type of behavior. Allowing Google to filter search results is like a regression back to Medieval times. For one entity to selectively edit our version of reality is unacceptable.
Most importantly, judges and lawmakers that have taken bribes should be thrown in jail…indefinitely. Anyone who took a 'donation' from George Soros or any other member of the Bilderberg group should be imprisoned for crimes of treason.
Summary 
We are on the path towards victory, men—but it will not be without many hiccups. The first thing that the mainstream media will do is demonize the alt-right, but again, this will only make us stronger. It will expose our view points to a larger audience.
Expect it to get darker just before the dawn. Expect feminists, SJW's, cucks, and libtards to protest and scream and shout—but, it will all be in vain. Too many men are starting to wake up. Too many men are starting to see the lies that have been shoved down our throats , and there is no going back.
The next four years will be more important than ever. Our primary objective is to dismantle the mainstream media through natural means. It's time for them to be exposed as the liars that they are. Simply eliminating the MSM will be most of the battle—remember, this is a war of information, and when the alt-right starts to control the news, there will be sanity.
We must also focus on draining the swamp. We must rid our corrupt political establishment of the people who've betrayed us. We must normalize the family unit and white men—no longer shall we feel ashamed of our gender or sexual orientation.
Then, from here, the laws must change. Remember: this will not be easy. There will be much resistance along the way, but we've come this far. We've beat all odds and elected Trump as the president of our nation…and it's time to make America great again.
Read More: Are You On Pace To Reach Your Goals? 


ARTICLE

One of the foundations of living a good life in today's times is having a good place to call home. Whether you want a solid, comfortable place with which to pursue your hobbies, recover from the day's tribulations, and just to be, or whether you want a bachelor pad for your romantic pursuits, or both; a good home is essential to the modern man.
I purchased a home and I decided to be my own general contractor for the renovations. My home was an as-originally-furnished home of the 1970s, and I brought its multi-color painted, green shag carpeted datedness up to a sharply trimmed, hardwood-floored modernity while being of a somewhat timeless style. A general contractor is a person hired by the architect or engineer to run the job site, source the labor, follow the schedule, get the materials, and execute the vision of the plan. Here are ten things I learned as my own general contractor.
1. There are good contractors, and there are bad contractors 
You will run into both good and bad contractors out there. A good contractor does good work, at good value, follows the schedule, and is honest and doesn't lie to you. A bad contractor will do any or all of the above. I fired a contractor who had good value, but did poor work, could not follow the schedule, and lied to me. I paid more for a later contractor who did excellent work, hit the schedule on time, and was a perfectionist. Give a bad contractor a second chance, mainly to see how he corrects it; and, if he fails to shape up, cut him loose.
A good contractor has the correct amount of paperwork, but no more. Some firms I turned down did things by hand and had no contractor's license, and that is too little, whereas a firm that gives you fifteen pages of legalese allowing them to take out an uncontested mechanic's lien on your home if you do not pay is too much.
A lot has to do with the presentation of the representative. Tradesmen are naturally rough people who work with their hands, but a man that does not have a good handshake, good eye contact, and is evasive on important details is shady.
2. Good contractors cost more, and they are busy The best indicator of a good contractor is that they have a busy schedule, and I mean they are booked often a month or so in advance. The guy I fired kept trying to work me in on the weekends and at night, which, while it SEEMS like he's busy, he's actually operating in the red and trying to use your funds to cover his other jobs.
A good contractor will negotiate terms up front and not change them, and he will, when awarded the job, put you in his schedule at an agreed-upon time. My best contractor was so busy that I had to do other things first before I could get his firm to bid my work, and they did what good contractors do when they are too busy; they turned down my work until later.
3. You need to establish a reputation 
General contractors in an area have a reputation amongst their customers and the contractors they sub-contract to, and the only difference between those that do it for a living and you is that you have no reputation.
A busy contractor will work with a GC who will give them work in the future over one who will not. I was an unknown, so the busy guys during the busy season (fall and pre-holidays) would pass on me and work with ones they knew.
However, word got around to the others that I gave jobs of good scope, and paid on time. I hired a sub contractor for a set of jobs, and, once they found out who I used as my electrician (it was who they subbed their own electrical jobs to), they called and the electricians vouched that I was picky as all hell, but paid on time, and let them run their own schedule and have the run of the house. At that point, I was in.
4. Good contractors know other good contractors 
Reputation works the other way too. A good roofer who I only turned down because he was too busy and wouldn't meet my timetable has a brother who runs the electrical shop mentioned above. Although you should ALWAYS get multiple competing quotes (bid to three, two will generally respond, and pick the better one), the deciding factor was that his brother, the roofer, ran a good shop, and it stood to reason he would, too.
My plumbers knew my AC guys and my chimney guy. My flooring guys knew my kitchen cabinets guys. Everyone works with and around everyone else, and I saved all my paperwork and contact info for all my vendors so that, on any future projects, I know who to call for what, and, even if I don't know, I know who to ask for recommendations.
5. It will take more money than you think it will 
Home renovation is expensive, and it's mainly for the nasty reason that, once you commit to action, you can get hit with extra costs. You can mitigate this with good bid scopes that you give to your contractors so all parties know what is what, but you will find that the home will need things you didn't think about, or that the hourly rate of the laborers is higher than you budgeted, or materials will simply cost more.
Part of the balancing act that is required is you will learn what to spend money on now, and what to spend money on later. Right now, I live in the place (finally), but I still have construction paper down on my floors as I have not yet bought furniture pads or rugs for the high traffic areas. My bathrooms have plumbing in, but no mirrors, cabinets, towel racks, or toilet paper holders. Entire rooms are without furniture. All of these can, and should, be taken care of later, but things like flooring and painting needed to happen earlier.
6. It will take more time than you think it will You may not need something this complicated, but a Gantt chart shows dependency of one job on others.
Contractors have their own schedules, and there is also the time outside the work time where they have to arrange a site visit, you have to juggle quotes, they have to then write you in, then they do the work, then there's follow-ups and punch-lists, and then, finally, that job is done and you pay them.
You can't do some other jobs before you finish the first one. This is where having a master schedule and knowing who is doing what and affecting whom matters. My floor guys had to have the run of the place when they were finishing the floors, but they did not when they were laying sub-floor, and I was able to have plumbers in that day as well. Contrariwise, I could not start the kitchen install until after the floors were done.
7. Some of your ideas are wrong, some are right I had my own thoughts about what to do with the place. Sometimes I was wrong; it was stupid to try to reuse the baseboard that was over the carpet and put it over the hardwood (even though it was the same color) and I listened to my contractor and used new. Sometimes I was right, my backsplash behind my sink was supposed to match the counter-tops' colors, and the ratio of white I wanted was correct, but I was persuaded to add more by my contractor.
Know what is important in your vision and be able to explain your intent, but the contractor might have a better way of how to do it in mind than if you had told them the how, instead of the what. I have a rather creative way of running the drains on my basement fixtures; they did what I wanted, but did it in a better way than I would have suggested, and they got it almost completely right to my intent in the process.
8. There will be gaps in your manpower coverage 
The one thing a professional general contractor does that you, as a private operator, will not is do all the basic stuff themselves. A GC will hire an electrician to wire fan boxes for mounting fans, but he will install the boxes and hang the fans himself. My electricians did install and hang them for me anyway.
This was for two reasons, and this is how you can mitigate having little shit jobs that no one will want to do as a single job. The first is to provide all the materials yourself, which also allows you to pick out what you want. I had a pile of fixtures, fans, and bulbs laid out for them with a plan of what went where, and this helped them just throw them up after the technical wiring part was done.
The second reason is to provide a good scope of work. Will a plumber come install a single faucet? Maybe. Will he come install five and a garbage disposal? Certainly, that's a good day's work, so, if you have little jobs, have a LOT of little jobs, and you'll get more interest.
9. There are things with which you will not be satisfied; good enough is good enough 
This house is old, but renovated. Some things simply cannot be fixed without massive upheaval; I cannot have perfectly flat ceilings because the drywall is 40 years old and it had popcorn texture on it. Some things I did not address; I have new baseboard and new window trim, but the door trim is original and has the nicks and stains of time.
Some things were done, but were not perfect. The drywall where my kitchen cabinets' bulkhead used to hang from the ceiling has one spot where, even after two reworks, still has a hairline paint crack. Some of the window film has pull away lines, and there's a couple things trapped under the film in places. One of the toilets will top itself off for a few seconds signifying a small seal issue. You cannot have perfection, but you can go for reasonable excellence.
10. Code enforcement sucks The Man sucks. Someone called Code Enforcement on me, and I had to go get a permit of a cost of X% of the renovation's cost, mainly so they can jack my taxes up.
I got the permit, and I expect my taxes to go up. The inspector was a real schmuck, as most appointed officials are, but the joke's on him, as I only got the permit on what I had left to do and I omitted some things that would still happen, but weren't too noticeable.
With code enforcement and county ordinances, the idea is reasonable cooperation and being able to explain things away with saying you were mistaken, instead of flouting the law. I went and got the permit when I was busted for it, but they only know a third of the story. Had I gotten a permit earlier, perhaps whatever nosy neighbor that ratted me out might not have called at all. Another tactic, which I will do on a future project I have planned, is to get the permit months ahead of time, then hit it hard over a few days and be done before anyone notices.
Conclusion If you have the time, the patience, and the skill to know exactly what you want, who to get for it, and how to juggle a massive schedule, running your own home renovation is a lot of fun and very educational. If you want it done faster and just want to deal with one person for everything, then hiring a professional general contractor might be the way to go instead.
Read More: 14 Essential Subjects That We Will Teach Children At The ROK International School 


ARTICLE

  3 Hollywood Films For Blue-Pill Men That Reinforce SJW Values And Concepts 3 Hollywood Films For Blue-Pill Men That Reinforce SJW Values And Concepts Bob Smith 
Bob Smith is a man in search of the truth. His favorite quotes are, "We're all fools on this earth, and I can be no different"; "I know it's true, I read it at the LIE-brary"; and "The truth is not misogynistic, it's just the truth". November 16, 2016 Culture 
Your old Uncle Bob is mixing things up here—and I think you will see where I'm going with this new angle of mine pretty quickly. I have selected three SJW films to review: one from the 1960s, one from the 1980s, and one of much more recent vintage, from 2015. And what might all three of these insidious Hollywood movies have in common? Why, they outwardly or subliminally program viewers to blindly adopt blue-pill beliefs and behaviors, that's what… 
I feel unsettlingly dirty just writing about these films, but somebody's gotta do it. So let's get busy here and expose these three, flat-out, unintentional farces for what they really are. Seize the day. Onward and upward. (Or is that downward…in this case, in terms of these three horrendously blatant SJW films, most definitely downward.) 1. To Kill A Mockingbird (1962 – Gregory Peck, Robert Duvall, Brock Peters, Mary Badham) 
This multiple-Oscar-winning film is based on the Pulitzer-Prize-winning novel of the same name, which was written by Harper Lee and published in 1960—and it is that Pulitzer Prize, and those multiple Oscars, that should be your first major clues that the Hollywood elitists were up to no good while crafting this brilliantly clever piece of SJW brainwashing. 
This wickedly hypnotic movie cleverly reinforces the statistically bankrupt notion that most white males in the American Deep South are vicious, stupid, ignorantly racist crackers who spend most of their time ruining the lives of innocent blacks—that is, when they aren't shooting them down like dogs or lynching them outright. The plot centers around a hard-working, stand-up, straight-arrow black man, Tom Robinson (Brock Peters), who is falsely accused of rape by a conniving, white-trash slut named Mayella Ewell (Collin Wilcox), whose alcoholic father, Bob Ewell (James Anderson), is a racist pig of unfathomably low character. 
The town's SJW lawyer, Atticus Finch (Gregory Peck), plays white knight and comes rushing to Tom Robinson's defense—much to the dismay of the local good ole boys—but despite his best efforts to free the poor, wrongly accused black man, Finch cannot hold back the powerful tide of racist anger, which ultimately results in the backwater town's killer cops shooting poor Tom down in cold blood (a familiar theme, which can be abundantly found in today's world of dindu-nothin' black folk, who are perennially and viciously gunned down by racist white cops, on an ever-increasing and frightening basis…yawn, 'Gee, never heard this one before.'). 
I'm not even going to get into the rest of this mind-numbing film's plot and story line, because it's a waste of both my time and yours. But I will mention a few correlative facts here, which you might find just a little bit interesting… The SJW-controlled civil rights movement exploded with a vengeance not long after this film was released. And here's the red-pill truth of the matter: according to the 1994 annual report on murder by the Federal Bureau of Investigation, most interracial murders in the USA involved black assailants and white victims, with blacks murdering whites at 18 times the rate that whites murder blacks. 
These stunning disparities began to emerge in the mid-1960s, when there was a sharp increase in black crime against white people, an upsurge which, not so coincidentally enough, corresponds exactly with the beginning of the modern SJW-crafted civil rights movement. Blacks thus committed 7.5 times more violent interracial crimes than whites, even though the black population was only one-seventh the size of the white population at the time. This is according to the survey, Highlights from 20 Years of Surveying Crime Victims , published in 1993. You'll have to buy the book if you want to find out the real truth. 
These days, Washington's SJW data-gatherers no longer keep track of such ' bigoted ' statistics…probably because they care about our safety so very, very deeply. Over the years, the cumulative effects have been staggering. Justice Department and FBI statistics indicate that between 1964 and 1994 more than 25 million violent interracial crimes were committed in the USA, overwhelmingly involving black offenders and white victims, and more than 45,000 people were killed in interracial murders—the vast majority of them being black-on-white killings. By comparison, 58,000 Americans died in the Vietnam War, and 34,000 were killed in the Korean War. 
I wonder how many additional people have been killed in America, during the escalation of these deliberately inflamed race wars, since 1995? Unfortunately, we can't get a look at those statistics, as previously mentioned, because the Puppet Masters no longer keep such records, so far as I can tell—and if they do, they definitely don't want us to see them. 
Be that as it may, the notions set forth in To Kill A Mockingbird are repulsively twisted, morally insidious and patently false. And if that offends anybody out there who might be reading this review, that makes my entire freaking day. Because in the end, all that should matter to any critically thinking person is the truth. And what Hollywood dishes out on a regular basis, is anything but… 2. Gandhi (1982 – Sir Ben Kingsley, Martin Sheen, Candice Bergen, Sir John Gielgud) 
Supposedly, as the crafters of history have quite ingeniously led us to believe, Mohandas K. Gandhi (played by Sir Ben Kingsley, in this multiple-Oscar-winning film) utilized the greatest weapon of all in his epic fight against British tyranny on behalf of the Indian people—the incredibly effective method of non-violent resistance. 
And in the movie, Gandhi , there is a sequence in the film featuring a large group of non-compliant protesters, as it faces down a group of security forces armed with sticks, outside of a salt factory, the end result being that the protesters get the holy crap beaten out of them. 
In reality, that was basically all that happened. There was a public dog-and-pony show, shortly after this supposedly real-life event, which was choreographed by the elitist-owned media. And indeed, in this cleverly constructed movie, actor Martin Sheen can be seen describing the bloody mayhem at the factory over the telephone to his cohorts back in the USA (Sheen plays American Journalist Vince Walker in the film). 
And what Sheen's character witnessed, and put into words, and then passed along to his editor over the phone, was summarily put into print in vast numbers of elitist-owned newspapers, as well as on film, in elitist-owned news reels, and marketed all over the world…which resulted in bringing worldwide focus on the 'terrorist acts' of the security workers at the salt factory. This entire episode was allegedly a key element of India's signature accomplishment of gaining her independence from the British. 
Despite the fact that every single major worldwide event that finds its way into the mainstream media's propaganda conduits, is either a completely staged event (like the Indian protesters getting beaten outside the salt mine, IMHO), or something that meshes well with the elite's overall master plan, or they will not even put it into print or on film to begin with (90% of the world's major media companies are owned by just six major players), we are supposed to believe that the elitist-produced film, Gandhi , depicts real-life events that occurred as the direct result of one brave man in a loincloth, who stood up to the ferocious might of the British Empire and brought the entire house down, single-handedly? 
Please. You'd have a better chance of talking me into using Tinder. 
There is another infamous sequence in the film, wherein a group of Hindi demonstrators is peacefully assembling in protest, within an enclosed, park-like area of the Indian city of Amritsar. The demonstrators are consequently assaulted by British soldiers, who open fire, brutally and randomly, on the assembled sitting ducks, and proceed to gun down hundreds of protesters (this incident allegedly occurred on April 13, 1919, and some estimates put the actual number of demonstrators killed at well over 1000). 
And in this single, crucial, very revealing sequence of the film, the sobering truth is once again put on display for all to see—assembling peacefully, going against the grain of the established order, by utilizing peaceful protest and non-compliance within a group setting, is exactly what the elite want the people to do. Because it makes it a whole lot easier to identify them and kill them. 
In the film, after the mass slaughter, the soldiers' commander is dressed down by his higher-ups for taking the law into his own hands, and gunning down the peaceful demonstrators. But that was all done strictly for show. And this is most obviously a case of cinematic cover here, as anyone who can think for themselves can easily infer (who do you think produced Gandhi …uh, that would be an elitist-owned film company, Columbia Pictures—do you really think the elite are going to pass along the bona fide solution to wiping them out…uh, no way; last time I checked, rattlesnakes don't commit suicide). 
The British Empire has a long and bloody history of usurping lands. And the notion that the string-pullers at the very top of the greasy flagpole would be aghast at the actions of the British commander who ordered the slaughter at Amritsar, is comical at best. 
What the slaughter at Amritsar actually accomplished (in addition to the mass-murder of a huge swath of ardent protesters) was the following: 
With the complicit assistance of the elitist-owned press, the British commander's actions that day reinforced the suicidal notion that peaceful protest and non-violent resistance were the keys to bringing about significant social change. And throughout history, other choreographed events like the slaughter at Amritsar and the subsequent explosion of moral outrage, fueled by the reports in the elite-owned media, have continued to give rise to the suicidal notion that non-violent resistance actually works. 
Which of course it does, but only in isolated, high-profile, choreographed incidents, where the outcome has already been decided beforehand, whenever the Puppet Masters want it to appear that way to the sleeping sheep…the rest of the time, it only results in mass-incarceration, physical assault, political harassment or murder. On a more subtle note, you might have noticed that two of the leading actors in this Oscar-winning film were eventually knighted by the British Empire—namely, Sir Ben Kingsley (knighted in 2001) and Sir John Gielgud (knighted in 1953)…to which I can only say, 'I rest my case, Your Honor.' 3) The Gift (2015 – Jason Bateman, Rebecca Hall, Joel Edgerton, Allison Tolman) 
I don't typically watch modern Hollywood films these days. Mostly because I know what Hollywood is up to, so I normally avoid them in the exact same way that I avoid single mothers with tramp stamps, or chicks with green hair. But I went ahead and checked out this absolute mindfuck of a movie on Showtime the other night, knowing it would probably throw me a wicked, SJW curveball—and sure enough, it didn't disappoint. 
As an aside, I threw this film into the mix, juxtaposed with the previous two Oscar-winners, partly to demonstrate how far the bar has fallen in the Hollywood filmmaking industry, in terms of the standard of quality. They don't even try to hide the SJW brainwashing madness in their films any longer. At least back in the day, they could mindfuck the sheep in an entertaining and captivating way, while keeping their overall intentions under the radar…but today, as this next film proves? Not so much. 
Simon Callem (Jason Bateman) has a 'horrifying' secret buried in his 'twisted' past, and his wife, Robyn (Rebecca Hall), is clueless about the whole thing (innocent white female vs. evil white male, the usual bullshit here). The couple relocates from Chicago to a suburb of Los Angeles, where they run into Gordon 'Gordo' Moseley (Joel Edgerton), a creepy, awkward, socially inept former high school classmate of Simon's. Gordo starts dropping by the couple's new house, uninvited and unannounced, and he does so on far too many occasions. Simon thinks Gordon's behavior is weird (which it is), but his SJW wife thinks Gordo is sweet, shy, and simply misunderstood. 
Gordo's weirdness escalates in typical bore-me-to-death fashion (Hollywood is really great at this audience-wowing technique lately), until Robyn finally discovers her husband's long-held secret: he bullied poor Gordo back in high school, by inventing a story about him, which centered around a homosexual relationship that Gordo never had. The horrendously unfair story got back to Gordo's father, and Gordo's father nearly killed him! 
Of course, Simon's liberal, SJW, brainwashed wife eventually wants her bully-boy husband out of her life forever, shortly after discovering this unforgivable transgression (even though she's pregnant with their first child, and they were very much in love up to this point; yeah, like that would ever happen in real life). 
The SJW bullshit meter spikes so hard in this film, that you'll be left slack-jawed, stunned and eye-rollingly incredulous, and if you are unfortunate enough to have to sit through this absolutely putrid piece of garbage, be sure to keep a barf-bucket handy (especially for the ending)—because you are definitely going to need it. 
Hopefully, it's getting a whole lot easier for you to spot the bullshit that is being sold, not only in today's SJW Hollywood films, but in Hollywood films of days gone by (most especially Oscar winners). 
The elite are always using the magic of Hollywood for nefarious purposes—namely, to 'magically' instill behaviors in its audience members that will get them into trouble, or instill beliefs in them that are totally divorced from reality. 
Doing this makes it much easier to divide the movie-going sheep, and thereby conquer them, typically by race, or by historical beliefs, or by sociopolitical beliefs. 
So do yourself, and the world, a huge favor, and avoid SJW Hollywood films wherever and whenever you can. The rule is simple: if it's being made in Hollywood today, it's a BPO film (blue pill only). And unfortunately, as it pertains to movies that were made all the way back in the early 1960s (if not even further), well, as we have just seen, the same rule applies, in many cases. 
By boycotting Hollywood films, you are lessening the degree of brainwashing to which you subject yourself, simply by being alive in the world at the present time. And in this particular case, less is most definitely more .

ARTICLE

  How 'The Camp Of The Saints' Predicted The Migrant Destruction Of Europe How 'The Camp Of The Saints' Predicted The Migrant Destruction Of Europe 
Daryush "Roosh" Valizadeh created ROK in October 2012. You can visit his blog at RooshV.com or follow him on Twitter and Facebook RSS November 16, 2016 Books 
Written in 1973, The Camp Of The Saints is a novel by Jean Raspail that predicted the European migrant crisis forty years before it began, not only the actual invasion by brown migrants but also the leftist arguments that enabled it, which ushered Europe to its doom. 
The story follows a one-million strong flotilla of Indians who are slowly making their way to Europe. The leaders and people of Europe have decided not to stop their arrival. Light on action, the book focuses on the mood of the pending arrival, particularly how Europeans were eager to cuck themselves into oblivion. 
After all your help—all the seeds, and drugs, and technology—[migrants] found it so much simpler just to say, 'Here's my son, here's my daughter. Take them. Take me. Take us all to your country.' And the idea caught on. You thought it was fine. You encouraged it, organized it. But now it's too big, now it's out of your hands. It's a flood. A deluge. And it's out of control. […] 
You've gone and worked up a race problem out of whole cloth, right in the heart of the white world, just to destroy it. That's what you're after. You want to destroy our world, our whole way of life. 
Raspail understood how the media whips the public into feeling immense guilt as a mechanism to introduce non-white migrants. Well before the globalist view on migration and equality was elucidated, Raspail was steps ahead in predicting what the result of it would be, as if he was reading into a crystal ball. He even knew that migrants would bring diseases like tuberculosis . 
And all at once whole sections of New York are deserted, a score of American cities watch the flight to the suburbs—and half the historic Paris pavement too—American tots in their integrated schools fall five years behind, tubercular Gauls flee in droves from our open-air clinics. … Tally-ho! Tally-ho! Just listen to that battering ram smash at the southern gate! 
The centuries-long segregation of the first and third-world brought great complacency upon Europe. No one could really get a grasp of what was in store once the third-world reached critical mass and started invading the West. 
'I can tell,' Vilsberg continued, 'that you really don't believe how serious the situation is. After all, we lived side by side with the Third World, convinced that our hermetic coexistence, our global segregation, would last forever. What a deadly illusion! Now we see that the Third World is a great unbridled mass, obeying only those impulsive urges that well up when millions of hapless wills come together in the grip of despair. 
In a bittersweet scene, one of the prominent media leftists goes out with his wife to celebrate the arrival of the flotilla with joyous Africans. Towards the end of the party, his wife gets brutally raped by them and he eventually dies in sorrow. The horde's arrival suddenly awakened all the immigrants already in the country into asserting themselves. They began stealing directly from the native citizens by attacking their 'white privilege.' 
Now, it's a known fact that racism comes in two forms: that practiced by whites—heinous and inexcusable, whatever its motives—and that practiced by blacks——quite justified, whatever its excesses, since it's merely the expression of a righteous revenge, and it's up to the whites to be patient and understanding. 
What drives the maniacal leftist? Raspail believes it's a suicide mechanism, likely activated by a human organism void of spirit and with no reason to endure a cosmopolitan existence. Attempting to destroy its host culture is an indirect way of killing itself. 
Whenever the pop tunes would lose their blaring charm, there was nothing left but to let oneself drown in the sticky-sweet syrup of human misery and despair, set to music of sorts, that one refuge of yearning and unfulfilled souls that had learned nothing else. It never occurred to any of them to measure that notion of misery against the past, or against their own well-being. For them it was a drug, and they needed to shoot up a good strong dose to keep themselves going, like addicts and their heroin. The fact that it was often hard to come by close to home made very little difference. Nothing stops an addict when he has to have his fix, and poisons like that are easy to import. There's never a lack of pushers. Besides, modern man has always had, tucked away in the back of his mind, that singular longing for total destruction, sole cure for the boredom and anguish that consume him. 
The book even predicted a cucked Catholic Church. Raspail knew that every institution had to be on board with Europe's destruction for the third-world invasion to proceed seamlessly. 
I came south like a lot of other priests, father, to hail what I thought would be mankind's redemption. To welcome the million Christs on board those ships, who would rise up, reborn, and signal the dawn of a just, new day. 
The European women who welcomed the refugees became whores for them. If you think this is too extreme, consider that European women are getting raped by migrants today but not reporting the crime , yet if a white man so much as brushes past them, he's accused of assault . 
She died in Nice, in a whorehouse for Hindus, disgusted with everything in general and herself in particular. At the time, each refugee quarter had its stock of white women, all free for the taking. And perfectly legal. […] 
Yes, the Third World had started to overflow its banks, and the West was its sewer. 
Raspail even predicted the fact that the media would elevant the interracial couplings of white women and the invaders. We saw something similar recently when the German government sponsored sex workshops for migrants on how to fornicate with German girls. 
Ralph Ginzburg, the famous American publisher, had printed a series of photos in his magazine Eros, which had caused not a little ink to be spilled. They showed an interracial couple—white woman, black man—in various stages of nude embrace. With a caption that read as follows: 'Tomorrow these couples will be recognized as the pioneers of an enlightened age, in which prejudice will be dead and the only race will be the human race.' 
The fleet made landfall in France. The French, impotent to do the right thing to save their country, tripped head first into spreading the welcome mat (they actually competed with each other to see who would be the most welcoming). You can imagine the result when one million wretches made landfall in a country they cared nothing about. The new social justice government that rose forth catered to the invaders more than the French, similar to what we already see in Western European nations. 
In war, the real enemy is always behind the lines. Never in front of you, never among you. Always at your back. That's something every soldier knows. In every army, since the world began. And plenty of times they've been tempted to turn their backs on the enemy—the so-called enemy, that is—and give it to the real one, once and for all. […] 
When freedom expands to mean freedom of instinct and social destruction, then freedom is dead. 
The book itself wasn't my style of storytelling. Raspail made numerous detours and long-winded soliloquies that took away from the action in favor of creating accurate character portrayals. It's more of a mood novel than one that moved forward at an exciting pace. The only flaw is that it didn't predict the rise of an alternative media that would sound the alarm bell. Even though an active invasion is taking place today, the anti-migrant side is far stronger than what's portrayed in the book. 
The Camp Of The Saints was a prophetic story that showed how the migrants themselves weren't the only cause of Europe's destruction—leftists played the largest role in ripping apart the country before their arrival, a fact that many of us already know too well. Nov 16, 2016 Roosh Valizadeh

ARTICLE

I remember signing up for Facebook ten years ago. At this point in time, the new social media site was geared mostly toward college students and it was uncommon for anyone over the age of 25 to have an account. 
But over the last decade we've seen Facebook morph into a $50 billion conglomerate and information kingpin acquiring massive power and wealth from the endless amounts of time users waste scrolling through their news feeds. This beast of a social media platform has gone on to consume the lives of millions, gather nefarious amounts of data, foster unnecessary personal dramas, and often cause more harm than good for its users. 
It would be prudent to take a good hard look at your Facebook experience and ask yourself if it's something that's actually adding value to your life. Here are five reasons why you should think carefully before using the world's largest social media site. 
1. Your Facebook Feed Is A Black Hole Of Completely Worthless Information 
I think it's important to create streams of information that add real value to your life. Through platforms such as Twitter, Feedly, and YouTube, I've followed writers and content producers that have dedicated their lives to self-improvement, entrepreneurship, higher meaning, and the search for truth. 
So you can probably imagine the stark difference between an intellectually curated Twitter feed and the dumbed-down Facebook community of people you went to high school with that peaked in the 12th grade. 
Log into your Facebook and the most common information you'll likely find is who got married, who had kids, and who got fat. Scrolling through your Facebook feed is akin to flipping through a more personalized celebrity gossip magazine at the grocery store checkout line. 
Every time I log onto Facebook I'm immediately reminded why I never log onto Facebook. 
2. It's No Longer Useful For Dating 
In college, I gained some value out of the site by using its chat feature to build up attraction with girls in my social circle and get their phone numbers. 
But over the years, most girls have attached the 'creepy' stigma to guys who hit them up via Facebook messenger. 
In addition to that, you don't really need a Facebook profile for 'social proof' as you once did since Instagram is a better social media app for meeting girls . 
3. Forfeiture Of Your Privacy 
Most people have realized by now that the first thing a potential employer will do after interviewing you is look you up on Facebook. They're basically searching for any and every reason not to hire you. Lock your account down as best you can with privacy functions. Don't let that one drunk picture of you from 5 years ago ruin a potential job offer. 
If that wasn't enough, Facebook has a long history of shady activities when it comes to privacy. They've already been caught accessing your location without permission. We can only speculate what else they've been infringing on.

4. Censorship 
Although Facebook has a right to control the information broadcasted on it's platform, that doesn't mean they should abuse that right by censoring anything they might find disagreeable or offensive. 
Much like an overbearing parent, Facebook proactively controls the discourse of its children, eagerly censoring content that might rub someone the wrong way. Facebook has so many overreaches that an entire website has been dedicated to documenting their affronts on freedom of opinion. You can probably guess which side of the political spectrum they try to stifle.

5. It Brings Out The Worst In People 
Plenty of time has now passed for in-depth research to come out regarding the long-term effects that too much Facebook can have on a person's mental well-being. It gives the illusion that everyone else has it better than you and that your life just isn't fair. This is a slippery slope into a victim mindset and blaming others for your circumstances. How oppressed these chronic Facebook users are as they sip lattes from a comfy chair in Starbucks and scroll through their Facebook feeds on the latest Macbook.

I won't completely deny the merits of Facebook. If you're using it to build a brand or a business then it could be a good investment of your time, simply because so many people actively use it. I've also witnessed the joy it brings to older users for connecting with long lost friends they haven't seen in decades. 
But the truth is that in many cases, Facebook does cause more trouble than it's worth. It's never a bad idea to cut back on your usage or even just opt out entirely. You may no longer be the first to know about an upcoming dinner party or what Brad and Sarah from freshman year have been up to all these years, but I suspect you might be better off as a person.

Read More: Is Western Civilization Worth Saving? 


ARTICLE

Like me, you now sigh every time you skim-read the synopsis of the new LGBT agenda-approved blockbuster that the septic tank of Hollywood releases which usually stars:
An anorexic AIDS ridden cowboy teams up with a love-starved transexual on a fabulous journey to the Open Borders Districts of America. Carpet muncher falls in love with female tortured artist or heroin addict next door A female remake of Ghostbusters sponsored by Cheetos and Whiskas, a Clinton-approved work of art and recipient of the IngSoc Academy award. Should have put the muzzle on his balls for more self-inflicted humiliation
Where are the mythical heroes, triumphing against all odds? Now Mad Max waits patiently in the car while a bonehead empowered you go grrrrl takes the decisions.
It seems that we have to turn towards Russia once more for our recommended daily dose of normal masculinity.
As red pill and cold-blooded as it gets 
'Brother' ('Brat' in Russian) is a 1997 movie directed by Alexey Balabanov. It is seen by many as the one of the greatest gangster movie of all time and changed forever the image of the traditional justice-seeking hero.
It has been a few years at least that I want to share my discovery of this film with our readers. It had a tremendous impact on the way I see the world and the attitude I have towards life. I was convinced of its quality, of the impact it could have on the disciples of the red pill and that a few lines cannot do justice to this giant of Russian cinema culture. It entirely deserves an article of its own.
My brother, the criminal 
Enter Danila Bagrov, played by the stellar Sergey Bodrov, who died at 28, at the peak of his meteor-like career. Many called him the Russian James Dean.
After serving in the bloody war theatre of Chechnya, young veteran Danila returns home, in the sleepy provincial town of Tula.
Needing money and without any solid prospects, he joins his brother Vytia who works as a hitman for the local 'well-dressed businessman' in Saint Petersburg. Being an expert in making rudimentary weapons and with his quick capacity of reaction and frugality, Danila adapts marvelously to his new occupation.

After seeing the risk of a gifted concurrent stealing their livelihood, the city's gangsters soon put a price on his head and send a few professionals to tie up this loose end. But even after being betrayed by a mix of greed and cowardice, young Danila Bagrov decides to take on the mob single handedly.
An epitome of the Russian alpha. Hard and unforgiving, sober in words and in behaviour, for whom nothing counts more than the bonds of blood and brotherhood.
To err is human 
His one soft spot is the faith he has in human nature, convinced that if he does good, his fellow man will be virtuous in return. He could not be more wrong, especially with women. He discovers very fast that beta moves like buying them gifts and helping them only brings him trouble or ungratefulness.
What is rare and makes Danila stand out is his loyalty, a cornerstone of the definition of masculinity and a value that progressively vanishes nowadays. His brother will do the unthinkable. But after the storm clears and Danila emerges victorious, he proves once more his quality as a man by being magnanimous and giving him a second chance.
No fancy green screen or politically correct themes 
Brat is good because it is painfully real and does not embellish the lawless chaos that was early post-Soviet Russia. This is how it felt when the Wall came down. Everyone was trying to survive the best way they could.
The odd, low-quality orange filter used in the film reminds us of this period where everything was made from what people could find when the shelves where empty.
You cannot go wrong with a good revenge movie and Danila is an example of bravery. Alone and against all odds, he takes on the mafia that wronged him and will make them pay.
The man says it like it is His analysis of the city and its perverse influence on men is brutally accurate:

Danila: You told me about the city, about its strength. But here, everyone is weak.
Hoffman: The city is a great and terrible force. It sucks the life force out of the strong – turns them weak. It takes away your power. And you fell right in the middle of it.
His opinion about the abuse of power and the corrupt elites that would kill mother and father for their own profit and the final victory of truth applies especially well to today's political and social context.

American, what's your power? Is it really money? My brother says it's money. You've got lots of money – so what?
Truth is a real power. Whoever is right is strong. You cheated on a man and took away his money. Did it make you stronger? No, it did not, 'cause you are not right, and the person you cheated on is. That means he's stronger. Right?
'Brother' also drops lethal truths about women and their ways. After spending all his roubles buying drinks and dope for a young interchangeable skank, she tells Danila:

Kate: Do you have condoms?
Danila: Why?
Kate: 'Why? You really think I will give you back your money? Come here…
Two brothers for two majestic films 
The second volume, simply titled 'Brother 2', breaks the stereotype that sequels are always awful and is at least as good, if not better than the original.
Same characters are followed but this time, Danila's brother in arms has been played by a crooked American businessman, in touch with the Muscovite mafia. They attacked his brothers once more and he will have this time to cross the Atlantic to reclaim what is rightfully his.
Again, the movie is realistic, gritty but has a lighter outlook on life. Whereas in the first volume, the main character showed a sheer hatred for everything that came from America and corrupted his country, the sequel that involves Danila's adventures and clueless discovery of American culture often results in hilarious encounters.
Un film qui prend aux tripes 
If the red pill was a religion, Danila Bagrov could be its patron saint. You can watch it legally following this link which includes English subtitles. The firm KinoKompania STV that produced the film decided to release it online, the film being such a household name in Russia and worldwide.
Needless to say that you have watch it in the original Russian. The second opus can also be found online with English subtitles and Russian audio.
Don't miss out on these monuments of Russian cinema.
Read More: You've Already Seen One Of The Greatest Red Pill Movies Ever Made 


ARTICLE

Before Trump's glorious victory over the forces of progressive darkness, I promised that I would provide a roadmap on what traditional men could do next to usher in a return of the patriarchy. If Hillary had prevailed, the roadmap would have been a grim one, as all of our work would have had to take place underground. Happily, we will be able to work in the open. Here are three ways that we can leverage Trump's victory to bring back the patriarchy.
Rule yourself Bruce Wayne is a good role model for traditional men: Urbane, fit, financially independent—and dangerous.
This may seem obvious, but if we are going to bring back the patriarchy, we have to be men who are worthy of it. A patriarch who relies solely on the fact that he is a man will quickly be overthrown. However, a man who has authority because he has earned it by the way he lives will naturally retain it. Thus, the first step in making progress under a Trump administration is the same as it would have been if Hillary had been elected—self-improvement.
Self-improvement involves the obvious things: getting in shape, training martial arts, getting rid of addictions, and exercising self-discipline. The process of self-improvement needs to be under-girded with a philosophy of life. For most men, this will involve adopting, and faithfully living, one of the faith-traditions. For others, it may mean adopting stoic philosophy. Whatever it is, it will have to be more substantial than the degenerate, 'pleasure, wealth, and power at any cost' morality of our Spirit Cooking elites—lack of morality got us into this problem in the first place.
Self-improvement also involves moving in the direction of financial independence. Under a Trump administration, this last goal will become easier to achieve. Trump's tax plan cuts tax rates across the board. This will especially benefit men who are in the middle class who are trying to generate more income. They will be able to keep their savings so that they can move ahead rather than paying a penalty that keeps them from becoming wealthy.
Trump's emphasis on fair trade will also result in more American jobs and unleash unprecedented creativity. The age of Trump will be a great time to start a new business. One word of warning is in order though: Under Trump the US is likely to flourish in a way that hasn't happened since the the 1920s. Enjoy the prosperity but don't get caught back in the materialism merry-go-round. Our goal is a lifetime of financial independence, not conspicuous consumption.
Financial independence is an important practical consideration because you will need a firm financial foundation for the second step, which is ruling your family.
Rule your family Be the patriarch.
Starting with the boomers, our society rejected the traditional way of life and adopted progressivism. Families got smaller, divorce became more common, promiscuity increased, feminism became the default philosophy for girls, and the remaining vestiges of the patriarchy vanished. Progressivism promised freedom but delivered enslavement to political correctness and globalism.
A Trump administration will do little to reverse the deleterious effects that progressivism has had on the family. At best, the only thing government can do for the family is encourage it financially and provide a safe environment for it. But real change has to come from the bottom up—from men and women who return to tradition. For us, that means finding a traditional woman, or more likely one who can be converted to tradition, getting married, and having lots of children. A Twitter shitlord ( @johnrandom1234 ) drove home this point in a humorous way by suggesting with a four-step 'Trump Bump' starter kit:




Getting married, having children, and raising them to hold to the patriarchy is the long game, but it is the only way we will have long term victory. Without a next generation of traditional men, any ground that we gain under Trump will soon be lost.
Rule society—bring back the patriarchy Benjamin Franklin is a great example of a man who was serious about his civic duty.
The next thing that we must do is start reclaiming our institutions. Trump has captured the presidency and Republicans control Congress, but many of those Republicans are cucks who will oppose the Trumpian agenda. And our other institutions are still dominated by leftists. Hollywood, the news media, education, and corporations all proclaim the progressive, anti-patriarchy message. If we don't take advantage of the current moment, any gains that Trump makes will be quickly rolled-back after he leaves office.
Therefore, we need to start re-engaging with these institutions to shift them towards Patriarchal Nationalism . You can share any ideas you have to do this in the comments. Here, I'd like to suggest that one institution that needs our participation: the Republican Party. Trump has created many allies within the GOP but the majority of the Party still holds to the cucked ideology of open borders and bad trade deals like NAFTA. The GOP desperately needs like-minded men within its ranks who will help Trump achieve his vision.
Getting involved in your local GOP is easy. You merely have to get in touch with your local party leadership in your district. You don't have to run for elected office. Simply volunteer your time in getting local officials elected, voting for delegates, or attending GOP events. Go in with a respectful attitude. A lot of the local GOP leaders are good people who still don't understand that the real battle is against globalists. Work for incremental change. And, if you have the disposition required for it, consider running for local office yourself.
One piece of advice: If you do choose to get involved in politics, don't get caught up in it. One way we ended up with an ossified and out-of-touch GOP is that people started to hold the globalist neoconservatism with an almost religious fervor. The other trap is to use politics as a way of enriching oneself in the manner of Hillary Clinton. If you do choose to enter the political realm, resolve at the outset to not use it for your own financial gain. Don't make politics your life. Think of it strictly as civic duty.
Of course, politics is not everybody's cup of tea. The key is to use your gifts, whether that is in movie-making or in running a company, to help create an environment where the patriarchy can flourish.
Conclusion The one thing we must not do in wake of the Trump victory is rest on our laurels. If Hillary had won, we'd all have a great sense of urgency to protect what little remained of our way of life. Now that Trump is coming into power, the temptation is to relax—to just let Trump do it all. This temptation must be avoided. We must capitalize on the Trump victory with the same high level of urgency that we would have regarded a Hillary victory. If we don't, we run the risk of losing all the ground we have gained.
Read More: How Donald Trump Vanquished His Enemies And Conquered The Republican Party 


ARTICLE

With the election over and done with, America is turning its attention to the transition from President Obama to President Trump. In barely two months, the Donald will take office, ejecting the Democrats' coterie of corrupt courtiers and beginning his mission to right America's wrongs . But President Trump can't do it alone: he needs good, talented people to work under him and carry out the hard work of making America great again.
That's where you come in.
The Trump administration is now soliciting people to apply for jobs for when the man himself takes office in January. We are officially calling on all ready and able Return Of Kings readers to submit their applications and take up any job offers. Here's why you should consider a job in President Trump's administration (beyond obvious reasons such as money and prestige)…
1. It'll help keep President Trump accountable 
While the media is lying about Trump reneging on his campaign promises, it's still a good idea to give the man more reasons to keep his word. By staffing his administration with committed nationalists, we'll make it easier for President Trump to fulfill his political program, as well as make it more difficult for him to go back on his promises. Remember, it was rank-and-file FBI agents who forced James Comey to reopen the investigation into Hillary Clinton ; a leader needs loyal men in order to carry out his agenda.
2. You'll be able to make history 
Given the momentous task of rebuilding America after eight years of Obama's perfidy and failure, you almost have a civic duty to help President Trump in his mission. Expecting America to become great again all on its own is delusional; we need to do our part to restore this nation's glory. By working with the Trump administration, you'll have a direct role in reshaping America for years—possibly decades—to come.
3. You'll help trigger the left 
Despite their massive losses in the election—beyond Hillary Clinton's defeat, the Democrats now control only a handful of state governments and failed to dent the GOP's Congressional majority—the leftist mainstream media is trying to order Trump around and persuade him to staff his administration with the same flacks who filled Bush's and Obama's. Right now, they're freaking out over Breitbart executive chairman Stephen Bannon being appointed as Trump's chief strategist .
By joining the Trump administration, you'll have a hand in helping trigger the left into conniption fits and spasms of impotence. Nothing horrifies them more than losing access to the levers of power, which they've controlled for decades. Watching leftists squirm and cry is one of the biggest fringe benefits of Trump's victory, and we need to keep the triggering up for years to come.
If you think you have the job skills, Return Of Kings highly recommends you apply for a job in Trump's administration . President Trump may have started the fire, but it's our job to help the fire rise.
Read More: Did The Anti-Donald Trump Riot In Chicago Help Trump Cruise To Victory On Tuesday? 


ARTICLE

Over the last decades, South Korea has emerged as one of the wealthiest countries in all of Asia. Currently the OECD country is roughly on the same material and economic level as other affluent East Asian nations such as Japan, Hong Kong and Taiwan. However, it appears now as perhaps the most potentially strong among them. South Korea seems more dynamic and willful than its larger neighbor and economic main rival, Japan, which perhaps has entered the path of a more long-term decline.
In this article I do briefly describe the main characteristics of contemporary South Korea, and also reflect upon various cultural sub-topics which are of importance for any male who is interested in to obtain more sophisticated knowledge about non-Western cultures and what they might and might not offer.
The emergence of modern South Korea Culturally, politically, technologically and economically, South Korean development during the 20th century onward cannot be understood without to mention the strong ties to Japan and the United States. As much as Japan suppressed Korea between 1910-1945, the material progression is nevertheless a direct and indirect consequence of the traumatic colonial period. Korean leaders were also inspired by the Japanese military dictatorship (which in turn was influenced by European militarism). After South Korea—which was formed in 1945 after the divide of the country—stopped relying on American aid and focused on its own potential, the economy grew rapidly due to an effective export-oriented industrialization.
Democracy was gradually introduced in 1987 but some of these authoritarian residues are still visible in today's society, the military in particular, but also with regard to how many companies are run.
Presently the economic-political relationships between South Korea and Japan remain flexible and pragmatic, for the sake of both countries. The ties to the US seems less problematic, although Koreans negotiate between on one hand a more distinguished Korean culture and on the other further Western influences.
Additional ambivalence might also be a result of that some Koreans regard American relations as a hinder in the process of a future reunification between the two Korean nations. Generally, though, the political, military and economic cooperation between South Korea and the US appears fruitful and to the benefit of both sides.
The Korean wave and the rising appeal of South Korea 
For quite a long time, modern South Korea may be regarded as not much more than a smaller version of Japan, although with a unique language and some other differentiating characteristics. In post-millennial times, however, this picture has gradually shifted—both among other Asians, Westerners, and people in other continents too—towards a more appealing national image.
The reason for this is mainly material, related to a refined development of technology (Samsung), pop music (K-pop), TV dramas (K-drama), cosmetic products (K-beauty), and perhaps also a more exciting metropolitan nightlife and a better ranked top university (Seoul National University). The Korean wave, Hallyu, covers a whole plethora of different expressions of the rising popularity of South Korean products and celebrities and it has had spill-over effects for other sectors such as academia and tourism. For instance, more people are interested in learning Korean than 10 or 20 years ago.
The nightlife in the capital, Seoul, is unhesitatingly of very high standard. For instance, this year Dj Mag ranks Club Octagon in Gangnam as the fifth best night club in the entire world . In the city regions Gangnam, Hongdae and Itaewon in particular, both foreigners and locals can easily find bars and clubs of various sizes that offer high-quality entertainment and which conform to a relatively broad spectrum of tastes in music and dress style.
Cultural characteristics Contempory South Korean culture can be described as a hybrid of Korean, East Asian and Western culture. As I have stated above, South Korea has been influenced by Japan and the US in particular to a significant extent. This means that the similar, real or quasi-hierarchical structures as in for instance China and Japan are visible in South Korea too. One is expected to speak and behave in different ways, depending on a person's age or social rank (which are more or less explicitly stated).
This does largely overlap a meritocratic social structure, rather than status being a primarily inherited factor. A doctor is looked upon as socially more valuable than a regular office worker, regardless of family background. It is thus not much left of the old Confucian system.
The Korean language—even though about 60% of the words are based on Chinese words, and its grammar being partly similar to Japanese—is unique with all its different suffixes that in turn conform to different speech and writing levels. These can be more or less formal, plain and polite but are always related to the social relations and contexts of either speaking or writing. People who know each other well tend to use an intimate speech style (Hae-che), but in some contexts, such as the workplace, they might change to a more formal and polite level (Haeyo-che) when they walk to other people. Many who learn Korean at a beginner's level start with Haeyo-che and then gradually broaden the scope to include other levels of speaking and writing.
Apart from the Korean language, a foreigner may find many things in South Korea that are either similar to places such as Japan and Hong Kong, or to the Western world. South Korea, especially Seoul, is largely the product of globalization and as a wealthy country this goes along with high standards of infrastructure and general quality of life. As a high-tech nation it appears as being in the forefront of material development, often outshining its Western counterparts, at least in some ways.
The present culture, especially the more youth-oriented culture, is safe and relaxed. Only slight modifications in dress and behavior (towards more politeness and moderation) makes any Westerner fit in well, at least short term-wise, and to only speak English is seldom a real obstacle.
If a person digs deeper into Korean history and culture—and geographically move outside the Seoul metropolitan area—one may find many differentiating and even somewhat unique characteristics (although these do often have China as its root or point of departure), but apart from Buddhism—which is separated rather than integrated into the larger society—these elements are seldom manifested in present time. There are obviously many real Buddhists and Christians in present South Korea, but the traditional layers of culture tend to be mere relics of the past. With that said, the country as a whole is overall more socially conservative than many Western counterparts.

Whether or not the trend towards increased westernization will continue remains an open question, but in terms of technology and popular culture it is unlikely that South Korea will look in other directions in the near future. After all, much of its present infrastructure and popular culture makes it into pretty much a local version of the Western-global society.
Lastly, two other things that have direct implications for any foreign person who reflects upon the option to stay longer in South Korea than as a tourist, temporary employee or exchange student, is that 1) the population is very homogeneous, and 2) it has no explicit will to change this fact.
This means that it is difficult, although not totally impossible, to obtain a citizenship if you are not of Korean descent. South Korea uses a type of partial jas sanguinis , citizenship by the blood. It is not very uncommon these days that Korean men get married to and have children with for instance Southeast Asian women, such as Filipinas, and South Korea is gradually shifting towards a more multi-ethnic society. However, compared to many Western countries the levels of ethnic and genetic heterogeneity are much, much smaller.
Due to the legal difficulties and cultural differences, especially language-wise, it is definitely not a smooth process to become naturalized as a Korean citizen or resident. Permanent and temporary living are generally two very different things and South Korea is yet another palpable manifestation of that.
Women in South Korea Phenotypically, South Korean women are similar to those of other East Asian populations. As a result of drastically improved nutrition, younger South Koreans are relatively tall, seemingly not much shorter on average than their Western counterparts. The levels of obesity are slightly rising but still very low compared to the US, Canada and even thinner European countries such as Italy and Sweden. Overall, Korean females—especially girls—can be characterized as moderately tall and slim.
Additionally, a significant share cares a lot about their appearances. Fashion, diet, hair style and make-up are all very important in everyday life, and although these things change rapidly due to new trends and seasonal shifts, many will ride along the same wave wherever it goes. Collectivism is quite striking in that respect, and sub-cultures are not as widespread and visible as in Japan. Many look about the same.
As with many phenomena in life, the extent to which a person likes or dislikes how a population generally appears is related to individual taste. With that said, I think that more objectively speaking the two main strengths of Korean girls and younger women are that they are relatively thin and well-groomed. They do everything they can to optimize their beauty potentials, sometimes even with the help of plastic surgery (which will make them look somewhat more European, which partly is an ideal among East Asian populations).

Additionally—even if this stems more from observations and anecdotes than general facts—they tend to be more polite and well-educated, in a positive sense, than Western females. This is something they also have in common with other well off Asians, such as Japanese, Taiwanese, and Singaporeans. In the more exciting locations of Seoul, one will find quite many pretty and decent Korean girls, and even though hook-up culture has for good and for bad penetrated the south of the Korean peninsula, a significant share of these females may be looked upon as serious girlfriend material.
Western guys do have a comparative advantage in terms of looks and even sometimes behavior (Korean guys tend to lack the cockiness of Westerners), but these automatic benefits should not be over-emphasized. Many of the things that girls are attracted to, such as confidence, extroversion and good looks are general, close to universal traits. If one is a loser in the West then one will probably be that in the East as well. Conversely, the more alpha males will magnify their results if they have the proper time and opportunity to do so.
Conclusion Overall South Korea is a rather impressive modern society that shares many of the good features with its equally rich neighbors. However, recently it has seemingly surpassed places like Japan and Hong Kong in terms of material development, nightlife and popular culture. For some Western males, between the ages of 20-35, South Korea might offer a valuable opportunity for temporary—ranging from weeks to even years— and circular migration. Because eventually it is most likely time to go home, regardless if one wishes it or not.
Read More: How To Get Laid In South Korea 



ARTICLE

  Men Are Binded By Their Shared Realization Of Truth Men Are Binded By Their Shared Realization Of Truth 
André is a young European who left his decaying country in 2012 for greener pastures. He enjoys exploring subterranean places, reading about a host of interconnected topics, and yearns for Tradition. November 18, 2016 Politics 
The 9 th of November 2016 was a great day. We will remember it as well as our parents remember the first moon landing in July 1969 or the fall of the Berlin wall. Liberal mainstream media—almost a pleonasm—are either stunned or agitating. Some of these crybullies clamour to themselves how 'fearful' they are, lament on the 'destruction of the West'—a curious expression as it seldom appears under leftist pens—or have difficulties to acknowledge that the man they have despised and defamed every day for months will be the 45 th President of the United States. 
Outside the US, The Donald's victory is creating waves, too. So many liberals allegedly connected to the Canadian Immigration website to crash it. In France, the bourgeois bohemians who work in the media, academia and everything that constitutes the big left establishment do the same posturing than their American counterparts, whereas the petits blancs (impoverished, disenfranchised whites) and local 'righters' rejoice. 
In Brazil, where your humble servant lives, the official media is making some tedious comments that deliver a flabby criticism. Local leftist talking heads condemn the ' white protestants ' and reality shows in a very cliché posturing that mixes anti-white prejudice with a critique of capitalism, whereas some new traditionalists, among whom some have been avid readers and makers of Alt-Right content, are grateful . 
This is our victory. Feels good, man 
A pro-Pepe Facebook group has had a substantive discussion about where a red-pilled foreigner considering moving to the US after the Donald won should go. To make a long story short, some have advised potential newcomers to go live in the Midwest, in Texas as long as one stays away from Houston or Dallas, in Wyoming for the gun rights, in Pennsylvania excluding Philadelphia and the urban areas, close to the Appalachian mountains if one enjoys outdoors, while staying away from Illinois. Most of those who participated were whites, but I have spotted some Latino and Arab names. Some made jokes on these names but no fuss. 
And here the following question arises. What defines us? Liberals have been shrieking about 'xenophobia' or 'racism' all the time. Yet, strictly national boundaries are much less relevant than before, even for us , even when we all rejoiced about Trump's promise to make a wall. All over the world we are rejoicing around the GOP candidate's victory. 
American 'Trumpists' undoubtedly feel closer to non-Americans who have been dissenting from the NWO on the Internet and wanted the Donald to pass than to American libtards. A lot of us are OK with having non-whites around: we don't pander to arrogant, aggressive anti-whites, but that does not mean we would have to be 'racists' as the liberal caricature wants us to be. To cut in more personally, I know of no genuine red-pilled or Alt-Righter who would have rejected me as a frog, although I remember some stars and stripes cucks blaming me for daring to speak about American politics without owning a US passport. The frog is green after all 
So, once again, what defines us? Why are we a 'we'? Race plays a role for sure. We struggle to keep the white people from getting dissolved into the acid bath of wide-scale miscegenation and dispossession. We want a right to solidarity based at least partly on race, i.e. on lineage and identity, just like all the pseudo-minority groups out there. We fight the double standard that allows them to be communitarian, tribalistic, nepotistic, without being ever responsible of what they do, whereas we are supposed to keep our heads down and be taught everything by liberal social engineers in a world where we would have no freedom, no future, no dignity. 
But even then, there have been Blacks, Latinos , and many women who participated into bringing The Donald to the White House. I have a race-mixed friend who supported Trump all along. This is not to say 'I'm not a racist!,' afraid cuckservative-style, but to show there are some and we know it firsthand. 
It is no mystery why most of us are white: we are united around a civilization that was primarily built by people of European descent. But there is more, too. 
And this 'more' that, I think, defines and binds us; this 'more' is shared awareness . On the periphery of the System centers, we managed to grow and gather 
We are all aware, broadly speaking, of the same phenomena and trends. We have witnessed the break-up of families and harmonious relationships between men and women. We have been faced with the untold prohibition to make the least critic of feminism, 'minority groups' aggressive identitarianism, and with the pervasive omnipresence of these leftist norms commonly referred to as political correctness. We have seen neoliberalism allowing a handful of careless, irresponsible assholes sending the jobs overseas, importing third-world immigration, then force us into a life of chronic unemployment or endless struggles against other low-wage individuals for a small place under the sun. 
We saw how conservatism was a sham that never faced the genuine problems. We witnessed societies crumble, conflictual 'minoritarian' group identities being crafted by the likes of Soros, and the meritorious worker or professional—whatever his race—getting exploited to the benefit of the lower and upper parasites. We saw the liberal establishment using various social categories like pawns to create horizontal struggles and depopulation . 
Of course, some disagreements can be found on this or that particular issue, but we all see the same devastated landscape in lieu of the brilliant civilization the West once was. 
And here is the major fault line. The leftists deny or value —they often go from the former to the latter—the replacement of native European population, the aggressive and tribalistic stance of 'minority groups' towards the silent majority, the forced inclusion of individuals into sick identity politics games, the perpetual hostility and institutionalized prejudice against whites and males… Either the leftists utterly deny what we are aware of, for example when they say that whites are not under replacement, or they demonize it as a remnant of some 'privilege' or 'prejudice.' 
All their talk about 'oppressed minorities' dissimulates the very real disenfranchisement of the white majority, of non-white meritorious and integrated Westerners, and serves to deny us from our rights to public empathy, to dignity, or to even basically survive in a world of our own. They work on language and representations because their job consists in manipulating these, thus brainwashing us into seeing the world through their lenses and denying the legitimacy of any other vision. 
The importance of shared awareness explains why we united on the Internet. A lot of us were closet nationalists years ago, and still are. We could not, and often still cannot, be nationalists in public, or we would have been excluded from normal social life by the local leftists and cowards. Leftist hegemony was and is still real in the mainstream. You know hegemony when you see it and spend countless hours thinking about how you can thrive even when living under it. 
In the mid-2000, I found out about the information website Fdesouche ('Native French') quote. By the standards of today, this news aggregator seems hardly interesting: it mostly collates pieces written by others. But then, it was fantastic. Here I could recognize what I already felt about the world—that something was wrong with all these non-whites thugs holding the streets and getting lavish promotion when they bragged about it. It was all concentrated before my eyes, and others were talking about what they went through daily as well. At least, others felt and saw the same as I did! I was not crazy, not bound to a life of unauthenticity or forlorn solitude among the almighty left. We were assembling. And we were on the Internet. 'Fdesouche.com—The website they want to keep you from visiting' 
As most of us found ourselves under attack from non-native Frenchmen, and knowing intuitively that identity goes deeper than the fleeting winds today called culture, we often despised immigration in general. But eventually things changed, thanks to Alain Soral , mostly, who emphasized how racial struggle was leading to sterile battles among disenfranchised people while letting the truly powerful off the hook. Mathias Cardet, a black journalist who worked with Soral, showed how gangsta-rap culture was injected and nurtured among non-whites by powerful interests. 
After all, one can be black or Arab and wanting to live in peace as a free individual, not as an identity politics pawn who spends his life attacking another social category. 
Being pro-white, pro-masculinity and pro-tradition does not require being white: I often felt closer from Muslims with good intentions, i.e. Muslims who were genuine believers and not rancorous people using Islam as a mask for anti-white tribalism, than from white liberals. The Muslims would not share my blood, but they would share some of my awareness and yearning for Tradition, two things that white liberals eagerly reject. 'Faith front, warriors' alliance against common foes' 
The Internet is immaterial. It is, basically, a network where information flows. Awareness, and the will to spread it, are immaterial as well. This is why we could meet and act on the Internet. After all, the Alt Right and manosphere have been sharing ideas, media contents, memes, advises—and only later proceeded to meetups, panicking the totalitarian liberals in the process. 
Trump's victory is a major one. Regardless of what The Donald will actually do, it is an event of considerable historical magnitude. But it is only the beginning—make no mistake about that. The libtards' establishment still holds loads of money, of institutions, of cultural territory. It has started to crumble and leak , yet it is still there. 
Major battles are waiting ahead. We have to further our awareness, make thorough research on every aspect of leftism, and develop more proper cultural references. 
Always remember the libtards never cared one second about us. They would have let us die off, alone, poor, childless, traumatized and demonized, had we not chosen to follow the path of the red pill. 
America is a first-tier power, but it is still a battlefield among others. Wherever we are, it is time to thicken our mutual relationships and cooperate more closely. It is a battle, not between nationals and foreigners, but between workers and parasites, between those who feel the void and wrongness in the rotten core of postmodernity and those who dwell in the last liberal trend, between the realists who want freedom and responsibility in a healthy world of values and cultures against those who ravel in blue pill, media bullshit, complacency, parasitism and cucking for the empire of nothing. 
We are the future. It doesn't matter where we are. We are those with true awareness, those with genuine and healthy values, those who struggled to hone their abilities, and most importantly those who actually deserve to inherit the Western world. So, save it and conquer it, country after country, institution after institution, outlet after outlet—or there will be nothing left.

ARTICLE

Suppose you are one of those adventurous Americans who meets and marries a beautiful foreign woman. You are the envy of all your friends. What next?
You can bring her back home to the United States or Europe. The guys will be jealous, the women will feel threatened. And your bride will be a fish out of water—for a while. But it doesn't take them long to get established. She will find a group of her countrywomen, other Thais, Vietnamese or Ukrainians. They will teach her the ropes. Where to go shopping for the kind of groceries she needs. The most efficient way to send money to her relatives back home. Where her fellow countrymen hang out. And, oh yes! They will also learn American culture. Their friends will explain about American men and American divorce law. And that is where the trouble starts.
My Vietnamese war bride, an upscale Frenchified thing, informed me after just over a year of marriage, after I had helped her family escape Saigon, that 'A woman needs a man like a fish needs a bicycle.' When the inevitable the divorce came she refused a reasonable settlement offer and hired a junkyard dog lawyer to fight it in court. Losing, she was shocked to discover that that offer was off the table.
Keep your woman in her own country, where she is comfortable and where the culture is more likely to appreciate men. You make the adjustment to her culture instead of vice versa. Why? American culture is about the most poisonous in the world. Almost anything is better. Countries that haven't been indoctrinated in feminism and cultural Marxism still value children and respect a woman's role in bearing them and raising them. They also respect a man's role as the breadwinner and head of the family.
I committed myself to Ukraine nine years ago, met my wife seven years ago and our son appeared five years ago. It is worth enumerating the many ways in which it is a pleasure to be living with her and raising him in Kyiv instead of the USA.
1. Kyiv is a beautiful and lively city Beautiful architecture – Andreevska Church
Kyiv is a worthy capital city. It has millennium-long history studded with cathedrals and other exquisitely crafted monuments. There are many, many targets for a tourist camera. The walled city was built to be defensible, situated atop a steep bluff on the right bank of the Dnieper River close to where the Desno River joins from the east, 20 miles south of where another major tributary, the Pripyat, flows in from the west. From their capital in Kyiv the Viking princes could easily sally out in their long boats to the Black Sea or anywhere in Western Russia.
The sandy river beaches are good for swimming from June to September and for fishing any time it isn't frozen. One can rent kayaks and rowboats or take a river cruise in the warmer months. When it does freeze it is dotted with ice fishermen. All it takes is a saw, some bait, a line and the anti-freeze of one's choice. There are bicycle paths along the river and on the islands in the middle of the river. The city is experiencing a surge in the number of bicycle commuters.
The Soviet system had its good points. They housed everybody in high-rise apartments. It may not be as attractive as detached houses, but it makes for a very compact city. Those people needed places to breathe and exercise, so the city is full of parks. As compact as Kyiv is, it is, with most people living in apartment blocks, it easy to get around. Every place in the city is within walking distance of a convenience store of some sort, and restaurants and shopping centers are usually within a walk or a short bus ride.
Young people the world over want to live in the city, and Kyiv is no exception. It has lots of bars, cafés and nightclubs. The trends are toward sushi and Italian food. Ukraine is traditional enough that young people even go to church. There are Orthodox churches in every neighborhood, and a handful of English-speaking congregations scattered throughout the city.
Kyiv is home to Ukraine's most famous universities, Shevchenko University, Kyiv-Mohyla Academy and Kyiv Polytechnic Institute. These are their Harvard, Yale and MIT — an extraordinarily high percentage of business and government leaders have graduated from them. They know each other. As in the United States, just being admitted to these universities is a sign of intelligence and talent. For a foreigner, getting to know these elites is a lot easier than getting to know Ivy Leaguers in the United States.
2. Ukraine is extremely affordable Attractive, inexpensive traditional markets (and supermarkets, of course!)
Kyiv is a very inexpensive place to live… very bottom of the Big Mac Index. The hryvnya exchange rate has fallen threefold since the start of the war in Donbass. Prices have risen, especially for imports, but not nearly as much. The tourist will note that it is still possible to get a decent hotel room for $30, a taxi anywhere in the city for $10 and a meal for under $10. That is just the start.
For those of us who live here, 16¢ Metro rides—buses and trams are even less—make life cheap and convenient. Try the grocery store—10¢ a pound for potatoes, beets, carrots, onions and cabbage, the staples of the Ukrainian diet. Meat is generally under two dollars a pound. Although there is a lot of hue and cry about corruption in the energy business, in the end it costs far less than in the United States: $100 a month to heat a house and between four and five dollars a gallon for gasoline. However, most Ukrainians' utilities are included in rent, and only a few drive cars.
Medical care is a preview of the impending Obamacare disaster. The state promises the moon but delivers only what it can afford. The average Ukrainian has to stand in a long line to get indifferent service from underequipped and underpaid doctors in shabby, Soviet era hospitals. The flip side is that fee-for-service is alive and well. You can get decent care if you pay for it… and it doesn't cost very much. In fact, Ukraine is a medical tourism destination, especially for fertility treatments, plastic surgery and dental work.
An American Social Security check makes you rich by local standards. It is a good place to live in retirement. Moreover, any American can teach English, and there are a number of entrepreneurial opportunities that don't take a lot of capital to start.
3. Ukrainians are fairly uniformly Slavic – and they like people like themselves Just us Slavs
Western newspapers are full of horror stories about Ukraine — war and corruption. Leaders in Moscow, Washington and Europe love to point fingers at us to distract from the increasingly blatant corruption surrounding those in the West. I'm no fan of corruption, but given the fact that it is universal, it is worth relating why Ukrainian corruption is more comfortable to live with than that of the Europe or the United States.
There is no hypocrisy about our corruption. Or, rather, the hypocrisy is so transparent that nobody believes the lies. The virtue? We still have free speech. Ukrainians do not lose their jobs if they are politically incorrect. They are not jailed if they say what they think about Middle Eastern immigration. If you tell a woman she looks good, she might actually blush and appreciate it.
The corruption has kept the standard of living low, which, perversely, has important benefits. People remain traditional because they have needed the support of families just to survive. 'Asylum seeking' immigrants don't come because there is nothing here for them—few jobs and nothing in the way of welfare.
Not having immigrants leads to high levels of social capital. The people actually like and trust each other. I am the only American in our little development of 3000 homes. They have included me in the group—everybody knows me and says hello when I meet them on the street, in the bus and in the stores. In my toney neighborhood of Bethesda, Maryland, most neighbors were too occupied with their important jobs to bother being neighborly.
The fact that it is mostly just Slavs has a couple of important corollaries. There are no bad neighborhoods in Kyiv. People will tell you to avoid the Troyeshchena, but a lot of people I know live there. I went to see for myself. I had a couple of pleasant shots of vodka chatting with the locals. I cannot imagine doing that in the Anacostia neighborhood of Washington DC.
People always stand up to give my son and me a seat on the bus or Metro. Old ladies absolutely gush over him, and engage him in small talk. They support their rising generation, and are tickled to death that I am raising him to be a Ukrainian.
Lastly, even though the locals will tell you otherwise, Ukrainians are good and polite drivers. They invariably stop for you at crosswalks. Very few will drive after even one drink. Fatalities per vehicle mile are about twice as high as in the West because the roads are poor, but you can't blame it on the drivers.
4. Young people have pride in themselves An English language Toastmasters meeting
Students and young professionals show self-restraint: no tattoos, no piercings, no sloppy clothes, no swearing, very little smoking and no drugs. They are what in the 1950s was called square—delightfully so. They look forward to marriage and families, especially the women. For this reason they are perhaps not as easy as girls elsewhere, but when you get one, you have something of substance.
There are lots of places to meet young people. Needless to say, bars and nightclubs. There are studios all over town giving inexpensive dance lessons—salsa and swing are big—and hundreds of sports clubs. The English language Mafia club is thriving. The Toastmasters public speaking club attracts many of the best and brightest with meetings in English, German, Russian and Ukrainian. The Language Exchange club also meets in several languages. From May to September, the river beaches are great, surrounded by restaurants, bars and discos.
Ukrainians love to practice their English and welcome foreigners. Not too many make it this far east. It is an easy place to make friends.
5. It is a good place to sit out the West's coming civil unrest One of Kyiv's many lovely river beaches
The Western press would have you believe that Kyiv is a lawless Wild West. That is the opposite from the truth — even today it is safer than any Western capital city.
The first danger cited is Vladimir Putin. When are the Russians going to invade? Answer: they won't. Throughout is history Russia has expanded by stealth and opportunity. They stopped when Finland fought back in 1939 and Georgia fought back in 2008. They swiped the Baltics and part of Poland only after Germany had started a war that diverted the world's attention. They imposed their will on their European satellites only because the Red Army conveniently occupied them at the end of World War II.
In Ukraine, they took the opportunity of political chaos in 2014 to steal Crimea, where by treaty they already had a large military presence. Emboldened, they thought they had an opportunity in the Russian-speaking Donbass. But the Ukrainians resisted, and that war is at a standstill. Putin knows full well that 80 million ethnic Russians cannot dominate 40 million ethnic Ukrainians, especially under the glare of world opinion. Despite what the neocons may have shouted to sway the US election, the Russians are not coming. Another comforting thought is that there is nothing here worth nuking. It is a benefit of staying out of NATO.
There is no dependent class here to rise up when economic hardship hits. Hardship is already here. There are no discontented minorities. Gypsies, the most visible of them, actually work—they sell flowers and work as junk dealers. You cannot be a parasite if there is no blood to suck. It is the United States and Europe that have legions of restless unemployed who are only being pacified by government benefits. and will rise up when governments can no longer afford them.
Ukraine's corruption is well understood by everybody. As much as they complain, people know how to cope with it. It may take bribery to get things done, but they generally do get done. Corruption does not result in much violence. Occasionally some hard-nosed judge or a pesky reporter gets bumped off, true, but in every case the victim could have explained quite clearly why he was targeted. It is not like the random killing of whites by blacks in the United States or random Islamic terror in Western Europe.
Ukraine has lots of land, excellent agriculture, abundant water, reasonably good natural resources, and a homogeneous and hard-working population. It is not as dependent on international trade as most European countries. When the world financial system collapses, Ukraine will come through looking pretty good. They are so far down that it all looks like up, and the stress lines for civil unrest simply don't exist. Though you may come here for the love of a wonderful woman, you will find it a delightful place to make your home.
Read More: Ukrainian Girls Have Lost Their Love For American Men 


ARTICLE

With her Hollywood and silver screen career options all but dried up, former Charmed actress and constantly near-naked attention-seeker Rose McGowan is now a 'leading' feminist. As you would expect, this transition occurred after her looks (which never approached those of co-star Alyssa Milano) had well and truly begun to fade. McGowan is not alone in making this spectacular shift. Pamela Anderson and professional SJW Natasha Devon are among a growing crowd of women who rail against 'sexism' and 'objectification' after years of trying, often very successfully, to sexualize their youth.
Seeking to cash in on her new-found fame as an unhinged SJW, Rose McGowan launched the 'Rose Army,' a kind of personal cult that tries to hide the overt narcissism of its creator by supporting campaigns against 'domestic violence' and 'female objectification.' Full SJW mode is just a button away for her. For instance, she attacked gays for not being feminist enough and, probably projecting her jealousy over not landing a significant acting role for an eternity, claimed an X-Men movie poster promoted violence against women .
So now comes the task of reconciling the new Rose McGowan with the old one, whose self-objectification is best described by this infamous photo with ex-boyfriend Marilyn Manson:

Excuses, excuses… Rose McGowan has tried to gloss over her past history of self-objectification and sexualization by saying she was merely a pawn of the patriarchy.
McGowan is now even blaming her past personal feuds, such as with a fellow Charmed actress, Shannen Doherty, on patriarchy, sexism and female objectification . Sadly, this very public attention-seeking, in which McGowan wrote Doherty an open letter, comes at the same time that the latter is suffering from cancer . But, you know, a girl's gotta attention-whore, including when another girl she used to have cat-fights with is about to die.
Rose McGowan has a lot in common with Pamela Anderson. Ex- Playboy cover model Anderson, after an entire career made from taking her clothes off and otherwise selling her body as if she were competing for a championship, has now come out against pornography . She may not be bad for a gal nearing 50, but her best years are a good 20-25 years behind her. I would wager that Pamela Anderson hit 45 and spent the last several years in denial, before she decided to lambaste an industry currently lauding nubile girls in their twenties and not her. Pornography addictions are bad, but Anderson showing these new colors in 2016 is nothing short of a joke.
Anderson's position can be summed up by the following two pictures:
Time when she did not condemn pornography: 

Time when she condemns pornography: 

Previously, a lot of attention has been paid to fat or unattractive girls being feminists. These activists are nominally against the sexualization of women, but appear to be driven primarily by envy and the need to diminish society's praise of attractive females. Whilst there is a lot of truth to this, it only tells part of the story. The rank opportunism of feminism is perhaps better explained by women who once made a career from selling their appearances and have subsequently turned on the industries whose financial teats they used to suckle. And what better time to turn on these industries, whether they be the pornography, film, or modeling markets, than when your looks no longer allow you to actively participate in them?
This phenomenon runs parallel to female athletes both utilizing and complaining about their sexualization . Attractive tennis players like Sabine Lisicki (and unattractive ones like Serena Williams) have made careers out of wearing revealing on-court clothing, which is much more for show than practicality. But when the chance presents itself, Lisicki and others have moaned, like at this year's Wimbledon , about how manufacturers' designs make them show too much skin. Many of these girls may not have lost their attractiveness yet, but they pick and choose when objectification is bad, just like celebrities whose looks have abandoned them.
It's not just famous people Natasha Devon.
Many Return Of Kings readers will remember Natasha Devon from her awful performance against Milo Yiannopoulos during a British Sky News debate on fashion mannequins. There seems to have been an eerie timing in Devon's transition from self-described former model to SJW. She founded a so-called body image education program in 2006, in her mid-twenties. I don't know about you, but this seems to be the sort of age when non-famous models in particular face the meat grinder due to competition from younger, fresher girls.
As she hurtled towards 30, Natasha Devon penned an article for Cosmopolitan magazine on bulimia, which morphed into a regular monthly column. Then came 'The Self-Esteem Team' Devon created in 2012. Frequently with government funding, 'The Self-Esteem Team' has essentially applauded obesity, Britain's number one health crisis, and sought to re-engineer what humans are programmed by evolution to find attractive.
Devon, along with Anderson and McGowan, may chalk an anti-objectification epiphany down to age, experience or something similarly convenient, but the changes happened neither at the height of their self-sexualization careers nor during the pre-wall protracted slide. Always be on the look out for when exactly a woman took up feminist or general SJW activism.
When a woman complains about the 'objectification of women,' it usually means a) she never had the goods to begin with, b) her goods weren't enough to compete with other girls, or c) her goods are well and truly gone. There is a delicious irony to option c), as countless women will milk their looks until nature–or a half-decade of alcohol or drug-fueled benders–takes them away.
Feminism as projection 
It is par for the course in today's political climate that our enemies describe us as sad momma's boys who play out failed encounters with women through our beliefs. Of anyone, Roosh has faced this entirely baseless criticism the most, all because our opponents have been unable to actually refute what he and Return Of Kings say.
We need to turn this idea of projection against feminists, even more than we have before. Modern-day feminism is itself the domain of women seeking easy comforts from an ideology that explains away either their own faults or their most primal fears about a harsh, uncertain world. For women whose looks are now washed-up, feminism enables them to label objectification as wrong and soothe the crushing blows that come from no longer getting the attention they were used to.
Rather than seeing these women as twisted and evil, it is better to perceive the behavior for what it is: desperation and the shocking realization that they are sexually irrelevant.
Read More: Female Danish Athletes Diminish Their Own Championship Victory By Taking Nude Photos 



ARTICLE

Every man who supports Donald Trump came to it from a different path. Some of you support him because of economic impoverishment or because you have seen your neighborhoods degrade from illegal immigrants . Or maybe you support him because you were attacked for being politically incorrect. For me and many other men, we came to support Trump because we shared truths about sex and the true nature of women .
The fight began in 2012 with the Southern Poverty Law Center 
In March 2012, after years of teaching men how to improve their sex lives through books and web sites , I was put on a list by the Jewish-operated Southern Poverty Law Center for being a misogynist . I was shaken up by this because I knew that my desire to enjoy sex with beautiful women and share the truths I've learned from it put me on a path of no return. Either I close down shop immediately or accept that the mob would one day come pounding on my door.
I decided to keep going. I responded to the SPLC designation with an article titled My Existence Is Becoming Illegal , where I described how heterosexual sex was now a defiant political act if the male received any benefit from it.
It is clear that gender hate is now a one-way street. Men can hate women but not the other way around. Men can rape, women can't. Men can be abusive, both physically and emotionally, but women can't. Men can be misogynist, but women can't be misandrist, a word that is unknown to most of the American population. Men can be described as lazy slobs who play video games all day, but women are perfect as-is in a country where there are organizations trying to convince you that being fat is both healthy and beautiful. Male teachers get sent to pound-me-in-the-ass prison if they have sex with a student, but female teachers only get a slap on the wrist. If you're a man, you're likely a perpetrator of hate, violence, and abuse to innocent American women, even if you don't yet realize your thought crime, but never the other way around.
Fast forward two years to October 2014. Witch hunts by leftists were in force. Rage mobs were crawling through social networking looking for racists, homophobes, and sexists with the aim of getting them fired. I studied the people who were participating in these witch hunts and wrote one of the most important articles I've ever published: What Is A Social Justice Warrior (SJW) ?
The article was widely shared, influencing how people viewed the useful idiot layer of individuals who were guided and controlled by establishment forces consisting of academia, the corporate news media, Hollywood, Fortune 500 companies, Silicon Valley, and the billionaire owners of our politicians. Scratch a feminist SJW and you'll find the reptilian skin of a billionaire who created the narrative she believes.
I was pessimistic when I wrote the SJW article, thinking we'd need a full generation (25+ years) to even begin defeating such a powerful anti-American entity . I focused on teaching men self-defense and avoidance instead of ways to defeat them. Little did I know that I was defining them at their absolute peak, and barely two years later a candidate who stood for the diametric opposite of social justice would win the presidency. The social justice warriors haven't gone away, and they are rushing to fulfill the will of George Soros by refusing to accept the results of a fair election, but the power they have to force people to bend to their demands has been reduced, along with the power of the institutions that support them.
Though SJWism peaked in 2014, I had to face the full brunt of their attacks in the summer of 2015 during the Canadian stops of my lecture tour and again in February 2016 during the international meetups . I survived those attacks, and the fact that I'm still here right now and able to exercise my free speech on all my platforms—while you're still here participating—shows clearly how little power they really had to stop us. They bruised me during the meetup outrage, but I healed quickly enough to weaponize my sites to spread my support of an even bigger enemy of theirs, Donald Trump.
Donald Trump ground zero 
I'm a pessimist by nature, so I didn't have much hope that the establishment would allow Trump to win in the primaries, even though I was confident his ideas resonated with most Americans. But then I noticed that he simply couldn't be knocked out, no matter what his enemies did. I saw him humiliate Jeb Bush , out-compete a resurgent Ted Cruz, and smack down any attempt by the media to force him to display weakness. By the time I attended the Republican National Convention in Cleveland , I started to believe.
The ground zero for Donald Trump within the manosphere was The Donald Trump thread on the forum, created in June 2015 by veteran member and ROK contributor Samseau . This is where the battle unfolded for thosuands of men. Over 2,000 pages long, the thread has been viewed nearly 6 million times. Ideas within it have filtered out into mainstream discourse, as described here , to men with bullhorns larger than I have.
After significant battles in a real war, medals are awarded but soldiers don't nitpick on who was the 'best' soldier. They all worked as a team to ensure victory, from the General (Donald Trump), the Colonels (his advisers), the Captains (major media influencers like Alex Jones, Matt Drudge, Paul Joseph Watson, and Mike Cernovich), the Sergeants (men like myself), the Specialists (men like Samseau), and on down to the Private, a regular commenter who contributes the occasional meme or argument in his spare time.
The ego cares about how impactful one is, how influential its ideas are, but the team player only cares about victory for the whole. Whether I am a Private or a Sergeant, I fought side by side with men in that thread and on this web site to what amounts to a modern fourth-generational informational war that will be studied by historians in the future. Who would have guessed that public internet sites operating on free open-source software would have such a positive effect on not just the result of the election, but on the lives of so many men who participated in it.
Approaching the date of the election 
Two months before the election, I did a Youtube video urging men to vote for Trump , and it resulted in nearly 150 unsubscribes within a day, surprising even me since I thought my audience was mostly men who would automatically support a Trump presidency. The video echoed a lot of sentiments I shared in the article If Donald Trump Doesn't Win, We're Screwed , where I tried to convey the danger of a Hillary presidency.
Obama was the 'race' president, and look how badly he has damaged race relations in only eight years. Hillary will be the 'gender' president. The future we have in store should be absolutely clear to you if she happens to defeat Trump.
Not only will she move to establish a techno-matriarchy where men are second-class citizens to any female, but she will ensure that no movement or organization will be able to challenge her or her establishment cronies ever again. This isn't a trivial matter of getting banned from a web site like Twitter or Youtube—many of you will be forced to escape the country for no other reason than you happening to be a man who found himself on the wrong side of the establishment.
For the next month, I stared at the calendar, waiting for the election to happen, doing what I could to push back against the narrative on Twitter . Then in early October, an old tape was released of Trump saying he grabs girls by the pussy because they 'let' him. My sister called me, confused, and asked if he really was a bad man. I told her that the media is distorting his comments just like they distorted mine a few months earlier when their proclaimed me as a ' pro-rape advocate .' I told her not to believe the media and to judge Trump by his actions and his policies, not a gotcha moment that was being spun out of control to help Hillary's failing campaign.
I spoke to her with confidence, but inside I was concerned: in a politically correct world, would this be the blow to sink Trump's candidacy? Is the majority of Americans actually ready to defeat political correctness? Thankfully, Trump responded strongly, ignoring calls by the traitors in the Republican party to step down.
The first poll to come in after pussygate suggested that Trump's support didn't decline. The fake controversy didn't work. I held my breath for the next few days to see if another tape would come out, maybe of him saying the n-word, but none did, and I knew the establishment had no more bullets. This was the moment where I finally believed. I felt a rush of energy on that day as my subconscious accepted that Trump was going to win. I did a Periscope that night as if I was amped up on methamphetamine, but I took no drug.

From that point on it was just a matter of hanging on, until finally on November 8 when he was elected President. I was in disbelief after he won because it was only four years prior when I was attacked by the same forces that were aligned against Trump. I didn't have to wait long until my personal enemies were dealt a monstrous defeat by another man whom I consider on the same team as us. If I made any miscalculation, it was that it would take a generation or longer for us to begin pushing back against establishment forces. I underestimated our own power, and those of our allies in the alternative internet space.
Human control is a foolhardy endeavor 
The most important lesson I learned from Trump's victory is how pointless it is to control human beings, both their behaviors and their minds. Every single major institution in the United States, represented by billions of dollars of economic activity and influence, could not stop a populist candidate, in spite of trying everything short of assassination.
George Soros and his billions weren't effective. Obama and his allies weren't effective. The mainstream media and their dozens of outlets weren't effective. CEOs of the biggest companies in the United States weren't effective. Hollywood and it's superstars weren't effective. Academia and it's thousands of professors weren't effective. Social media and its censorship efforts weren't effective. The FBI allowing Hillary to skate from real crimes wasn't effective. Even Donald Trump's own party wasn't effective in stopping him. It's absolutely incredible that all these forces couldn't stop one man and his believers. What a disgrace to the fields of scientific management and modern propaganda for them all to fail so miserably!
Think right now of how much effort the anti-Trump forces put into stopping him from winning. Think of how much money they spent to guarantee their desired outcome. And now think how it was all for nothing . They accomplished the very opposite of what they moved mountains to accomplish, after decades of cementing their control within the country by sucking the truth and life blood from the American public.
Whatever term you use to describe the force that governs our existence—nature, God, Tao, or so on—it is clear that humans cannot control it all, and that the pendulum will swing when it wants to swing, that the wheel of history will turn when it wants to turn, and your billions of dollars and your propaganda and your institutions can do nothing to stop it. Imagine how impotent George Soros and his friends must feel after their limitless money and influence was all for nothing.

Now they have to perfect their control methods even more, open their pocket books further, and try to force their will upon a population as if pushing food into the mouth of someone who is already full. Their desire to control you is nothing but their own psychological failings of trying to alleviate their crippling fears, of trying to prove to themselves and to the world that they are a somebody, that they are powerful, that the world must be shaped into their image, that they are gods among men, but it should be clear to you by now that they are not gods but sociopaths who gamed an economic system to amass huge amounts of capital and money. Much of that will be flushed down the drain as they continue to fight and grasp their way to unequivocal defeat, or attempting to control those who do not want to be controlled.
You can control human beings, but only temporarily and only some of them. At the end of the day, humans want to do what they want to do, and if you don't possess what they wish to buy, they will go to someone who does, no matter how much money you spend on your mechanisms of control. The more you control what does not want to be controlled, the more tension is created and then released in the great unraveling, of which we are currently living through. In previous eras, that tension resulted in victorious parades on the streets, but in our modern era, it is in the form of online celebrations with the use of tweets and memes.
If you want to be a true leader of society, create an environment where humans can associate with whom they want, can freely engage in commerce, can create families, can live in safety, can search for the truth without interference, and can work and play and live according to their nature. Put stone walls blocking their righteous will and watch them be torn down. It may take a decade, it may take 100 years, but it will happen, and the contraptions you used to control them will reveal not your strength but your own pathetic weakness.
Conclusion We are tired of being controlled. Leave us alone. We are tired of institutions that are obsessed with controlling us, of forcing us to believe in falsehoods, of programming us to hate our country, of pitting woman against man and black against white. Leave us alone! Let men be men, and from that a new American renaissance will come forth. Men who are strong and good must be allowed to live their lives, and if you prevent us from doing so, we won't allow you to live yours. We will humiliate your useful idiots, we will destroy your institutions, we will lash out with more than just memes.
I'm afraid that those who stand against us are gearing up for even greater authoritarian control over us, but at least now we have our man in the White House who can join us in a fight that we have already been battling for many years. I can't wait to see where this fight takes us next.
Read Next: What Donald Trump's Victory Means For Men 


ARTICLE

The media is beginning to demonize the manosphere and alt right. Twitter has suspended multiple accounts, such as Milo Yiannopoulos, Ricky Vaughn, and Matt Forney. The Guardian wrote a hit piece against the red pill . The media has called alt-right groups 'xenophobic, racist, and misogynist,' despite not pointing to a single piece of evidence.
As anti-Trump rallies continue to rage across the nation, in New York City, Philadelphia, and Michigan, the media completely ignores all of the assaults occurring on Trump voters:

Despite the elites' attempts to destroy us, we are, in fact, winning this battle. The reasons why are simple:
Truth is always more powerful than falsehood We are too numerous to be effectively silenced We don't congregate on one single platform; we're a collection of individuals based around an ideology We're high energy, decisive, assertive, and confident men Below, I would like to offer the supporters of our causes some signs of hope. Victory is near, and Trump is going to lead the way.
1. George Soros Being Sued For $550 Million 
According to Breitbart , along with dozens of other alternative news sites, Dallas Police Department Sergeant Demetrick Pennie, President of the Dallas Fallen Officer Foundation, is suing a multitude of individuals for inciting a race war:
George Soros Hillary Clinton Jesse Jackson Barrack Obama The New Black Panthers …and more Some individuals might claim that there's no way someone can take on this collection of massively powerful and wealthy elites in a single lawsuit, and they may be right. However whether or not this lawsuit is successful, is completely irrelevant.
What matters far more, is that the word is starting to get out there. The President of the Dallas Fallen Officer Foundation, an extremely reputable organization, is taking steps to file a massive lawsuit against these individuals. This will, at the very least, do several things:
Potentially serve a massive blow to the globalists Show the elites that we will not back down Generate huge amounts of public awareness Show the average gun rights promoting, masculine, traditional American that they have our support. And best of all? The lawsuit was filed in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Texas, which means that the outcome will generally be good either way.
First of all, there's a very high likelihood of them winning due to the case being handled in Texas, a highly conservative state. Second, in the event that the case doesn't win, it will likely be pursued all the way to the Supreme Court. If this occurs, expect truly amazing things to happen. The reason why? The President of the United States is responsible for appointing Supreme Court judges—and guess who's going to be President in two months?
2. The GrubHub Crash 
After Matt Maloney, CEO of the online food delivery service GrubHub, proclaimed in an email that if you agree with Trump's politics you should resign, their stock dropped by nearly 10% in just a few days.
Since this time, in addition to his company's stock tanking, he has received ample backlash on sites of all manner: from Twitter to Facebook to Reddit to independent blogs to major alt-right news centers.
This is what my fellow ROK contributors and manosphere bloggers were talking about when they mentioned the 'tangible impact' of Trump voters. Hillary's supporters lack the characteristics necessary to make change:
A burning passion and sense of purpose Moral fortitude and a sense of justice Self-confidence, and the courage to stand up for your rights A fucking spine This is why we will win, period. The anti-Trump crowd is based around having a massive entitlement complex, a victim complex, not thinking for yourself, and being a blind social sheep. Do people like this ever have ANY political or financial power in the world?
Of course not! Who do you think all of the hard working businessmen are? All of the entrepreneurs? All of the people investing in the stock market in order to take control of their financial future? Hard working, intelligent men, who don't make excuses, obviously. And do you know what? These are the types of men that voted for Donald Trump.
Why do you think the Dow Jones Industrial Average is at an all time high? Because Trump's win restored faith in America.
3. Rise of the New Media 
The mainstream media has repeatedly shown to be completely incompetent in regards to actually reporting on the issues; they are nothing more than a puppet show meant to distract, entertain, and brainwash the American public.
They have consistently lied about candidates, manipulated the evidence, falsified facts, skewed statistics and polls, and defamed multiple individuals for a mere political opinion; this will happen no longer.
With the rise of the new media, more and more men have begun establishing outlets across all platforms: Reddit, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube, Periscope, the list goes on and on.
I firmly believe that the next eight years will be looked back on by historians as one of the most important times in all of humanity's time on this earth. 
America has brought the world stability; we have stood as a symbol and an ideal for other countries to follow. We are a monolith of free speech, bravery, and economic prosperity—and the elites have tried to destroy all of this to satisfy their greedy little egos.
The men of America will not have this. Over the past 8 years (*Cough* Obama's Presidency *Cough*) we have seen an exponential increase in not only the quantity of alternative news outlets, but also the quality.
Sites that were merely blogs a few years ago have evolved into full-blown news syndicates with live reporting, on-site video footage, and actual news anchors. This is literally the people fighting back; we want freedom of speech, and we will have it.
While the mainstream media draws its final breath, they're proclaiming that there's this 'new, radical white-nationalist group called the alt-right,' in an attempt to make us look like evil Fascists. In fact, I just had somebody threaten to kill me on Twitter , but was he banned? Of course not.
This repeated favoring of violent, mentally ill leftists makes it very clear what the MSM's agenda is—total control and a complete suppression of our freedoms of speech. Sorry, but the alternative media isn't going to let this happen.
4. Massive Boycotts of Anti-Trump Companies 
The left's hypocrisy never ceases to amaze me. Somehow they can completely legally destroy an independent, family owned business for simply refusing to bake a gay couple a cake, but when Trump supporters simply boycott a multi-billion dollar conglomerate, we're the ones that are hateful?
In response to several CEO's statements regarding Trump's 'racism,' and 'hate,' the men and women who voted for Donald Trump decided to simply boycott them. Despite this completely legal and anti-violent response, the left is up in arms.
Here is a list of companies whose CEO's have been caught attacking Donald Trump and his pro-American policies:
PepsiCo (They own Pepsi, Lays, Mountain Dew, Starbucks, and More) Nabisco (Their brands include Oreo, Chips Ahoy!, Ritz, and More) Netflix Macy's Ben & Jerry's Each and every single one of these companies has either spoken out against Trump directly, has refused to do business with Trump, or has moved factory production outside of the US (such as Nabisco, which has started moving production to Mexico). Some companies, such as Ben & Jerry's, have even openly supported the terrorist movement Black Lives Matter .
Again, what do these actions signify in Trump supporters? Power. Assertiveness. Courage. A willingness to take action. This is why Donald Trump won—his supporters are grown ups, not little babies who want more safe spaces and anti-free speech zones.
When Donald Trump's voters get oppressed by the biased, controlled media, or by elite globalists, they don't whine or cry about it, they just do something. They protest and stop supporting companies that are shipping our jobs away. They speak out in a logical, rational way against the anger and hatred that the left has towards white men.
They take their lives into their own hands rather than relying on a stupid system that caters to cry babies and whiners. They take their health into their own hands, they take their finances into their own hands, and they take their relationships into their own hands.
They don't wait around for someone else to do it for them—they get it done themselves. This is why Trump got into office, and this is why we're going to make America great again.
Read More: 5 Ways To Start Fighting Back Against The Onslaught Of Liberalism 


ARTICLE

Home This Month Popular The Path Men Took To Trump The Path Men Took To Trump 
Daryush "Roosh" Valizadeh created ROK in October 2012. You can visit his blog at RooshV.com or follow him on Twitter and Facebook RSS November 20, 2016 Politics 
Every man who supports Donald Trump came to it from a different path. Some of you support him because of economic impoverishment or because you have seen your neighborhoods degrade from illegal immigrants . Or maybe you support him because you were attacked for being politically incorrect. For me and many other men, we came to support Trump because we shared truths about sex and the true nature of women . The fight began in 2012 with the Southern Poverty Law Center 
In March 2012, after years of teaching men how to improve their sex lives through books and web sites , I was put on a list by the Jewish-operated Southern Poverty Law Center for being a misogynist . I was shaken up by this because I knew that my desire to enjoy sex with beautiful women and share the truths I've learned from it put me on a path of no return. Either I close down shop immediately or accept that the mob would one day come pounding on my door. 
I decided to keep going. I responded to the SPLC designation with an article titled My Existence Is Becoming Illegal , where I described how heterosexual sex was now a defiant political act if the male received any benefit from it. 
It is clear that gender hate is now a one-way street. Men can hate women but not the other way around. Men can rape, women can't. Men can be abusive, both physically and emotionally, but women can't. Men can be misogynist, but women can't be misandrist, a word that is unknown to most of the American population. Men can be described as lazy slobs who play video games all day, but women are perfect as-is in a country where there are organizations trying to convince you that being fat is both healthy and beautiful. Male teachers get sent to pound-me-in-the-ass prison if they have sex with a student, but female teachers only get a slap on the wrist. If you're a man, you're likely a perpetrator of hate, violence, and abuse to innocent American women, even if you don't yet realize your thought crime, but never the other way around. 
Fast forward two years to October 2014. Witch hunts by leftists were in force. Rage mobs were crawling through social networking looking for racists, homophobes, and sexists with the aim of getting them fired. I studied the people who were participating in these witch hunts and wrote one of the most important articles I've ever published: What Is A Social Justice Warrior (SJW) ? 
The article was widely shared, influencing how people viewed the useful idiot layer of individuals who were guided and controlled by establishment forces consisting of academia, the corporate news media, Hollywood, Fortune 500 companies, Silicon Valley, and the billionaire owners of our politicians. Scratch a feminist SJW and you'll find the reptilian skin of a billionaire who created the narrative she believes. 
I was pessimistic when I wrote the SJW article, thinking we'd need a full generation (25+ years) to even begin defeating such a powerful anti-American entity . I focused on teaching men self-defense and avoidance instead of ways to defeat them. Little did I know that I was defining them at their absolute peak, and barely two years later a candidate who stood for the diametric opposite of social justice would win the presidency. The social justice warriors haven't gone away, and they are rushing to fulfill the will of George Soros by refusing to accept the results of a fair election, but the power they have to force people to bend to their demands has been reduced, along with the power of the institutions that support them. 
Though SJWism peaked in 2014, I had to face the full brunt of their attacks in the summer of 2015 during the Canadian stops of my lecture tour and again in February 2016 during the international meetups . I survived those attacks, and the fact that I'm still here right now and able to exercise my free speech on all my platforms—while you're still here participating—shows clearly how little power they really had to stop us. They bruised me during the meetup outrage, but I healed quickly enough to weaponize my sites to spread my support of an even bigger enemy of theirs, Donald Trump. Donald Trump ground zero 
I'm a pessimist by nature, so I didn't have much hope that the establishment would allow Trump to win in the primaries, even though I was confident his ideas resonated with most Americans. But then I noticed that he simply couldn't be knocked out, no matter what his enemies did. I saw him humiliate Jeb Bush , out-compete a resurgent Ted Cruz, and smack down any attempt by the media to force him to display weakness. By the time I attended the Republican National Convention in Cleveland , I started to believe. 
The ground zero for Donald Trump within the manosphere was The Donald Trump thread on the forum, created in June 2015 by veteran member and ROK contributor Samseau . This is where the battle unfolded for thosuands of men. Over 2,000 pages long, the thread has been viewed nearly 6 million times. Ideas within it have filtered out into mainstream discourse, as described here , to men with bullhorns larger than I have. 
After significant battles in a real war, medals are awarded but soldiers don't nitpick on who was the 'best' soldier. They all worked as a team to ensure victory, from the General (Donald Trump), the Colonels (his advisers), the Captains (major media influencers like Alex Jones, Matt Drudge, Paul Joseph Watson, and Mike Cernovich), the Sergeants (men like myself), the Specialists (men like Samseau), and on down to the Private, a regular commenter who contributes the occasional meme or argument in his spare time. 
The ego cares about how impactful one is, how influential its ideas are, but the team player only cares about victory for the whole. Whether I am a Private or a Sergeant, I fought side by side with men in that thread and on this web site to what amounts to a modern fourth-generational informational war that will be studied by historians in the future. Who would have guessed that public internet sites operating on free open-source software would have such a positive effect on not just the result of the election, but on the lives of so many men who participated in it. Approaching the date of the election 
Two months before the election, I did a Youtube video urging men to vote for Trump , and it resulted in nearly 150 unsubscribes within a day, surprising even me since I thought my audience was mostly men who would automatically support a Trump presidency. The video echoed a lot of sentiments I shared in the article If Donald Trump Doesn't Win, We're Screwed , where I tried to convey the danger of a Hillary presidency. 
Obama was the 'race' president, and look how badly he has damaged race relations in only eight years. Hillary will be the 'gender' president. The future we have in store should be absolutely clear to you if she happens to defeat Trump. 
Not only will she move to establish a techno-matriarchy where men are second-class citizens to any female, but she will ensure that no movement or organization will be able to challenge her or her establishment cronies ever again. This isn't a trivial matter of getting banned from a web site like Twitter or Youtube—many of you will be forced to escape the country for no other reason than you happening to be a man who found himself on the wrong side of the establishment. 
For the next month, I stared at the calendar, waiting for the election to happen, doing what I could to push back against the narrative on Twitter . Then in early October, an old tape was released of Trump saying he grabs girls by the pussy because they 'let' him. My sister called me, confused, and asked if he really was a bad man. I told her that the media is distorting his comments just like they distorted mine a few months earlier when their proclaimed me as a ' pro-rape advocate .' I told her not to believe the media and to judge Trump by his actions and his policies, not a gotcha moment that was being spun out of control to help Hillary's failing campaign. 
I spoke to her with confidence, but inside I was concerned: in a politically correct world, would this be the blow to sink Trump's candidacy? Is the majority of Americans actually ready to defeat political correctness? Thankfully, Trump responded strongly, ignoring calls by the traitors in the Republican party to step down. 
The first poll to come in after pussygate suggested that Trump's support didn't decline. The fake controversy didn't work. I held my breath for the next few days to see if another tape would come out, maybe of him saying the n-word, but none did, and I knew the establishment had no more bullets. This was the moment where I finally believed. I felt a rush of energy on that day as my subconscious accepted that Trump was going to win. I did a Periscope that night as if I was amped up on methamphetamine, but I took no drug. 
From that point on it was just a matter of hanging on, until finally on November 8 when he was elected President. I was in disbelief after he won because it was only four years prior when I was attacked by the same forces that were aligned against Trump. I didn't have to wait long until my personal enemies were dealt a monstrous defeat by another man whom I consider on the same team as us. If I made any miscalculation, it was that it would take a generation or longer for us to begin pushing back against establishment forces. I underestimated our own power, and those of our allies in the alternative internet space. Human control is a foolhardy endeavor 
The most important lesson I learned from Trump's victory is how pointless it is to control human beings, both their behaviors and their minds. Every single major institution in the United States, represented by billions of dollars of economic activity and influence, could not stop a populist candidate, in spite of trying everything short of assassination. 
George Soros and his billions weren't effective. Obama and his allies weren't effective. The mainstream media and their dozens of outlets weren't effective. CEOs of the biggest companies in the United States weren't effective. Hollywood and it's superstars weren't effective. Academia and it's thousands of professors weren't effective. Social media and its censorship efforts weren't effective. The FBI allowing Hillary to skate from real crimes wasn't effective. Even Donald Trump's own party wasn't effective in stopping him. It's absolutely incredible that all these forces couldn't stop one man and his believers. What a disgrace to the fields of scientific management and modern propaganda for them all to fail so miserably! 
Think right now of how much effort the anti-Trump forces put into stopping him from winning. Think of how much money they spent to guarantee their desired outcome. And now think how it was all for nothing . They accomplished the very opposite of what they moved mountains to accomplish, after decades of cementing their control within the country by sucking the truth and life blood from the American public. 
Whatever term you use to describe the force that governs our existence—nature, God, Tao, or so on—it is clear that humans cannot control it all, and that the pendulum will swing when it wants to swing, that the wheel of history will turn when it wants to turn, and your billions of dollars and your propaganda and your institutions can do nothing to stop it. Imagine how impotent George Soros and his friends must feel after their limitless money and influence was all for nothing. 
Now they have to perfect their control methods even more, open their pocket books further, and try to force their will upon a population as if pushing food into the mouth of someone who is already full. Their desire to control you is nothing but their own psychological failings of trying to alleviate their crippling fears, of trying to prove to themselves and to the world that they are a somebody, that they are powerful, that the world must be shaped into their image, that they are gods among men, but it should be clear to you by now that they are not gods but sociopaths who gamed an economic system to amass huge amounts of capital and money. Much of that will be flushed down the drain as they continue to fight and grasp their way to unequivocal defeat, or attempting to control those who do not want to be controlled. 
You can control human beings, but only temporarily and only some of them. At the end of the day, humans want to do what they want to do, and if you don't possess what they wish to buy, they will go to someone who does, no matter how much money you spend on your mechanisms of control. The more you control what does not want to be controlled, the more tension is created and then released in the great unraveling, of which we are currently living through. In previous eras, that tension resulted in victorious parades on the streets, but in our modern era, it is in the form of online celebrations with the use of tweets and memes. 
If you want to be a true leader of society, create an environment where humans can associate with whom they want, can freely engage in commerce, can create families, can live in safety, can search for the truth without interference, and can work and play and live according to their nature. Put stone walls blocking their righteous will and watch them be torn down. It may take a decade, it may take 100 years, but it will happen, and the contraptions you used to control them will reveal not your strength but your own pathetic weakness. Conclusion 
We are tired of being controlled. Leave us alone. We are tired of institutions that are obsessed with controlling us, of forcing us to believe in falsehoods, of programming us to hate our country, of pitting woman against man and black against white. Leave us alone! Let men be men, and from that a new American renaissance will come forth. Men who are strong and good must be allowed to live their lives, and if you prevent us from doing so, we won't allow you to live yours. We will humiliate your useful idiots, we will destroy your institutions, we will lash out with more than just memes. 
I'm afraid that those who stand against us are gearing up for even greater authoritarian control over us, but at least now we have our man in the White House who can join us in a fight that we have already been battling for many years. I can't wait to see where this fight takes us next. Nov 20, 2016 Roosh Valizadeh 

ARTICLE

  Mainstream Media Calls Real News 'Fake' Because Their Narrative Is Collapsing Mainstream Media Calls Real News 'Fake' Because Their Narrative Is Collapsing Relampago Furioso 
Relampago is the author of The New Modern Man blog. He is a former member of the mainstream media turned dissident. He enjoys striking at the Establishment using politically incorrect truths and electrifying SJWs with logic. He is now living the expat dream in the Caribbean and does not want to come back to The Matrix. Relampago also maintains a library of Red Pill Book and Film recommendations and is a Red Pill Life Coach , helping other men realize the dream of getting laid on the regular, getting out of debt, and traveling the world. 
Facebook | Twitter November 23, 2016 Manosphere 
There are those who think we should only get our news from 'official' sources. You know, like the blonde telling you what to believe in between hocking a hockey game. 
If there's anything the 2016 election showed us, it's that the American people are increasingly distrustful of and not listening to the commands laid out by the once mainstream media. They're increasingly reticent to commit national and demographic suicide under the guise of 'diversity' and other nebulous ideals. They're desperate not only to 'drain the swamp' but to restore some sense of national pride and stability to the declining USA. 
In response, the controllers of the presstitutes (the people who really run the world) are already hard at work trying to find some way to create a false narrative about 'fake news' sites in order to lay the ground work for censorship and control. The Internet has all but destroyed the corporate-government narrative, and there is a shit fit happening at the highest levels of the propaganda ministry (i.e. CNN, ABC, CBS, NBC, et. al.) because they have learned the American people know how full of shit they really are. 
Sites like Return Of Kings are on the front lines of this war in support of free speech and it is vitally important we stay on top of our game to avoid a reversion to the managed propaganda the centralized control of mass media gave us over the last 50 years. Hackers and leakers play right into the hands of the censorship narrative 
Make no mistake, one of the reasons leakers of misdeeds done by politicians and the elite they work for have been allowed to continue leaking dirty laundry is because it plays into the hands of those with designs on censorship and re-gaining control of the information the sheeple get to listen to. Having Julian Assange and Edward Snowden doing leaks of information and giving them extensive press coverage plays right into the hands of the censorship brigade because they can also play the protecting national security game when the time to silence dissent comes . 
Fake news is only the first assault in what is sure to become a full scale war on free speech on the Internet. We can be thankful Trump won the election rather than The Bitch since his election will slow the process of censorship, but the aggressiveness of the 'fake news' narrative shows us how determined some people are to shut us up and shut us down. 
The New York Times is already on the front lines of this assault on free speech on the Internet. Only days after The Bitch lost the election, publisher Arthur Sulzberger published a Mea Culpa and promised to rededicate the newspaper to 'honest' reporting. 
We cannot deliver the independent, original journalism for which we are known without the loyalty of our subscribers… [The New York Times promises to] give the news impartially, without fear or favor… We also approach the incoming Trump administration without bias. 
Don't buy into it. This is what's known in Public Relations as a diversion tactic. While we focus on our seeming victory, they're already moving on to their next false narrative – so-called fake news. No sooner than the ink dried on the promise to give Trump a chance, The New York Times was moving to shut up the very people who made possible his rise to power – the alt-right and alternative news web sites. 
While some fake news is produced purposefully by teenagers in the Balkans or entrepreneurs in the United States seeking to make money from advertising, false information can also arise from misinformed social media posts by regular people that are seized on and spread through a hyperpartisan blogosphere. 
They did a spurious case study on how a 'rumor' got started about protesters being bussed in to protest at Trump rallies. Never mind the mainstream media is a business that runs lock, stock and barrel on fake news. Almost every narrative they create is a false one. One need do no more than a Google search to discredit many, if not most of the mainstream media's stories. The hypocrisy is astounding. Pulling The Plug Facebook censorship algorithms are nothing compared to the elite's agenda of eliminating free speech online 
Whether or not the 'fake news' narrative gains traction, the next step will be for the elite to create a problem that affects millions of people online, then follow through with the Hegelian Dialectic with a pre-ordained 'solution' to 'make everyone safer online' and to 'stop the spread of false information' while 'protecting free speech' online by destroying it. 
Look for no less than a figurative 'Internet 9/11' if the elite become desperate enough. 
They'll pull the plug on the backbone of the Internet, shutting down e-commerce and communication online for a few days, blame it on a 'fake news' story (just like Benghazi was blamed on a YouTube video) then spring in to save us from ourselves by passing all sorts of creative laws and restrictions aimed at nothing more than eliminating competition to the corporate-government narrative and gutting yet another of our Bill of Rights protections. 
Make no mistake, Freedom of Speech is the most important of Amendments to the Constitution. Once that is taken away, it's Game Over. Obama has already floated the idea of silencing those of us who 'cling to our guns and religion' and continues this narrative even after the election of Trump 
Obama has already been floating the idea of official news web sites. This is nothing more than proposing the creation of the American equivalent of Pravda in the Soviet Union, in which only the state-approved newspaper was considered the truth and everything else was considered lies. Obviously, the New World Order socialist narrative would be the only truth under a system such as this, and traditional and conservative views would be relentlessly silenced 
Check out what The Messiah said in Berlin recently. 
In an age where there's so much active misinformation, and it's packaged very well, and it looks the same when you see it on a Facebook page or you turn on your television, where some overzealousness on the part of a US official is equated with constant and severe repression elsewhere, if everything seems to be the same and no distinctions are made, then we won't know what to protect. If we can't discriminate between serious arguments and propaganda, then we have problems. 
The fact he is saying these things should frighten you. It should also make you angry. This statement is a PC way of saying the goal of the power structure is to shut us the fuck up. They want us to listen to clueless 'journalists' who encourage the idea of microchipping your children and later, yourselves so every aspect of your life can be controlled by the government. 
We must fight back by discrediting the 'fake news' narrative at every turn and informing those who will listen of the possibility of a fake 'Internet 9/11' designed to give the government a reason to curb free expression on the very Libertarian Internet of today.

