ARTICLE

  Minority Report-Style Mark Of The Beast 'CLEAR' Human Tracking System Gets Installed At Detroit Airport CLEAR will speed Houston travelers through airport security in minutes at both Bush and William P. Hobby. CLEAR's innovative biometric technology is transforming travel for individuals and corporations while enhancing homeland security and modernizing the checkpoint experience.   27, 2016 Metro Detroit Airport now has a new way to allow people to move seamlessly through airport security . 
'And he causeth all, both small and great, rich and poor, free and bond, to receive a mark in their right hand, or in their foreheads: And that no man might buy or sell, save he that had the mark, or the name of the beast, or the number of his name.' Revelation 13:16,17 (KJV) 
EDITOR'S NOTE: If you are waiting for the Mark of the Beast , you should know that the system that will surround and support the MOTB is already here and you are already a part of it. Every time you access any feature on any smart device, you are creating a record of you activity that is then recorded and stored in places like the Utah Data Center . Aren't you glad that the Pretribulation Rapture removes us believers before the Beast makes his appearance? I sure am. The future has already arrived people, pay attention. 
It's called CLEAR and it's now in operation at the airport's McNamara Terminal . Certified as a 'qualified anti-terrorism technology' by the U.S. Department of Homeland Security, CLEAR has been used more than five million times to move travelers quickly through airport security lines at 16 other airports. CLEAR Transforms Houston Travel Experience and Homeland Security: 
'They validate their identity using a knowledge-based quiz, they use a government identification that's validated using technology, and then we link it to their bio-metrics — we take 10 fingerprints with a digital reader, we take a scan of their iris, and we take a high-res photo of their face,' said CLEAR spokesperson David Cohen. Minority Report was like a prophecy of what the future would hold for us in the 21st century, and it's all come true: 
Cohen said the initial sign-up process takes about five minutes and after that, getting through security lines should be a breeze. He said there are special lines for CLEAR customers that can be a great time-saver for travelers, who will still have to pass through X-Rays and body scans. 
'Our customers go through the TSA security process in minutes. They come to a CLEAR lane, that lane is going to be open and available for them to validate their identity on the spot, a process in itself that takes less than a second,' he said. 
Membership to use CLEAR costs $179 per year. New members who enroll at the airport receive a one-month free trial and can use CLEAR immediately. 
Airport officials they plan to install the CLEAR system at the North Terminal in the future. source SHARE THIS ARTICLE  
ARTICLE

  Crooked Hillary Campaign Used A Green Screen At Today's Low Turnout Rally In Coconut Creek FL When you watch this video of Crooked Hillary's speech from yesterday here in Florida, you will see some amazing things. First, you will see a background section that is in 2-D and not 3-D, like a projected image on a wall would look. Why would that be? Well, that happens in what we call green screen technology, and in this case, poorly done green screen.   26, 2016 Crooked HIllary holds phony rally with pretend background people via green screen 
When you watch this video of Crooked Hillary's speech from yesterday here in Florida, you will see some amazing things. First, you will see a background section that is in 2-D and not 3-D, like a projected image on a wall would look. Secondly, you see when anyone steps in front of that background, there appears a darkened halo around them. Why would that be? Well, that happens in what we call green screen technology , and in this case, poorly done green screen. Hillary Clinton Rally in Coconut Creek, Florida using green screen: 
Start watching at the 1:03:00 mark to see where Crooked Hillary starts speaking. 
Another salient clue that she used a green screen is that when she turns around to wave to these people, they are mere feet away and yet she shakes hands with none of them. Why, because they weren't there. Liberal news rag CNN is infamous for pretending to be in a location but in reality it's nothing more than green screen. CNN did it here , here , and also here . The handheld video camera exposes the lie: 
Look in the viewfinder of the video camera filming Crooked Hillary – it's black behind her yet in the official video it's filled with people. Hmm…awake yet, America? 
Lastly, if you look close at the end of the video , you will see the real people behind her with cameras, but then the main group of people behind them are flattened out in 2-D because they are not actually there. Hillary's rally was uber-tiny so it's little wonder they had to resort to green screen: Clinton supporters beginning to enter Broward College for Hillary Clinton early voting rally in Coconut Creek #tcpalm pic.twitter.com/8HhLkFltks 
— Eric Hasert (@TCPalmHasert) October 25, 2016 
 
ARTICLE

NTEB Ads Privacy Policy False Teacher Beth Moore Endorses The Late Term Partial-Birth Abortion Candidate Crooked Hillary One of the main planks in Crooked Hillary's platform is her aggressive support in favor of late-term, partial birth abortion up to nearly the very last day of the due date. Beth Moore, well-known false teacher and false New Age prophet, has decided that this is the person we need in the White House. by Geoffrey Grider October 27, 2016 False teacher Beth Moore is breaking away from fellow evangelical leaders/speakers who stand with Donald Trump, and throwing her weight behind a woman who is aggressively in favor of later term abortion 
'The prophets prophesy falsely, and the priests bear rule by their means; and my people love to have it so: and what will ye do in the end thereof?' Jeremiah 5:31 (KJV) 
EDITOR'S NOTE: One of the main planks in Crooked Hillary's platform is her very aggressive support in favor of late term, partial-birth abortion up to nearly the very last day of the due date. Beth Moore, well-known false teacher and false New Age prophet, has decided that this is the person we need in the White House. Let that sink in for a moment. By supporting HIllary Clinton Beth Moore will be working to increase, fund, guarantee and protect abortion in America. Hillary Clinton OK With Abortion Day Before Birth: 
Beth Moore suggested that Trump's words from 11 years ago highlight how men are 'objectifying' women today, and she made clear that she will not support Trump over it. She issued a number of tweets on the topic, not one of which criticized Hillary Clinton for the way she has treated the women who allege Bill Clinton sexually assaulted them — women like Paula Jones and Juanita Broaddrick, the latter of whom recently recounted the way Bill Clinton allegedly raped her. False teachers Beth Moore and Joyce Meyer promoting unbiblical unity: 
The Daily Mail reported that 'Jones reached an out of court settlement' in a suit wherein she alleged that Bill, while Governor of Arkansas, dropped his pants and asked her ' to kiss it .' Beth Moore False Vision: 
What does a false teacher and false prophet sound like? It sounds exactly like this…. 
Trump stood up for these women , holding a press conference with them on Sunday as a way of breaking through the mainstream media's refusal to report on Bill's sexual history and Hillary's efforts to undermine that history. Heretofore, Hillary's canned response to Bill's accusers has been to go after the women. In fact, she has gone after the women with such fervor that the Washington Post recently asked if Hillary was Bill's 'enabler'? Hillary Clinton, Donald Trump spar over partial-birth abortion during third debate: 
The Post reported : 
… Hillary Clinton dismissed an accusation made by Gennifer Flowers, the singer who sold her story to a supermarket tabloid after having previously denied an affair. In an ABC News interview, she called Flowers 'some failed cabaret singer who doesn't even have much of a résumé to fall back on.' She told Esquire magazine in 1992 that if she had the chance to cross-examine Flowers, 'I mean, I would crucify her.' 
Trump brought a small number of women from Bill's past to the October 9 presidential debate, where he pointed out that they should be honored for standing up, rather than humiliated. Politico published the transcript of Trump looking at Bill's accusers, then saying: 
Hillary Clinton attacked those same women, and attacked them viciously, four of them here tonight … So don't tell me about words. I am, absolutely, I apologize for those words, but it is things that people say, but what President Clinton did, he was impeached, he lost his license to practice law, he had to pay an $850,000 fine to one of the women. Paula Jones who is also here tonight. And I will tell you that when Hillary brings up a point like that and she talks about words that I said 11 years ago, I think it's disgraceful and I think she should be ashamed of herself, if you want to know the truth. 
Yet Christian speaker Beth Beth Moore focused her attention on Trump. In an October 9 tweet, Moore said , 'I'm one among many women sexually abused, misused, stared down, heckled, talked naughty to. Like we liked it. We didn't. We're tired of it.' 
In another tweet on the same day, Moore criticized evangelicals who continue to stand with Trump: 'Try to absorb how acceptable the disesteem and objectifying of women has been when some Christian leaders don't think it's that big a deal.' 
It would be interesting to ask Monica Lewinsky , Paula Jones, Kathleen Willey, and Juanita Broaddrick which was most painful, words that Trump spoke 11 years ago — and subsequently apologized for — or Bill Clinton's actions and alleged actions, combined with Hillary Clinton's treatment of women who dared to speak up? source 
'And I heard another voice from heaven, saying, Come out of her, my people, that ye be not partakers of her sins, and that ye receive not of her plagues.' Revelation 18:4 (KJV) 
Geoffrey Grider NTEB is run by end times author and editor-in-chief Geoffrey Grider. Geoffrey runs a successful web design company, and is a full-time minister of the gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ. In addition to running NOW THE END BEGINS, he has a dynamic street preaching outreach and tract ministry team in Saint Augustine, FL. NTEB #TRENDING
ARTICLE

  Israeli Supporters Of Donald Trump Rally At 'Jerusalem Forever' Event In Israel's Capital City Donald Trump addressed the crowd of several hundred Israelis via a one minute pre-recorded video message and vowed to make Israel and America safe again.   Supporters of Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump take part in a Trump Pro-Jerusalem rally overlooking the Old City of Jerusalem, Israel, on October 26, 2016. 
'And I will bless them that bless thee, and curse him that curseth thee: and in thee shall all families of the earth be blessed.' Genesis 12:3 (KJV) 
Donald Trump addressed the crowd of several hundred Israelis via a one minute pre-recorded video message and vowed to make Israel and America safe again. The event was entitled 'Jerusalem Forever,' and was held by Republicans Overseas Israel to affirm the Jewish ties to Jerusalem in light of the recent UNESCO resolution . Donald Trump's message to Jerusalem rally: 
This was the message played at the Jerusalem Forever rally in the capital city of Israel yesterday. Awesomeness. Israel: Trump tells Jerusalem rally he 'will make America and Israel safe again' 
Check out this awesome footage from the pro-Trump rally in Jerusalem held yesterday. Donald Trump Promises To Move Embassy From Tel Aviv To Jerusalem: 
Why am I voting for Donald Trump? For this reason right here, I want to see with my own eyes an American president move the embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem, thus recognizing that Jerusalem is the capital of Israel. Bam. Donald Trump to recognize Jerusalem as Israeli capital: On a rooftop overlooking the walls of Jerusalem's Old City, around 200 American-Israeli fans of Donald Trump gathered to proclaim their support for the Republican candidate , convinced he will be Israel's best friend if elected. 'Trump will let Israel be itself and make its own decisions, that's what I like,' David Weissman, a 35-year-old from Queens, New York, who moved to Israel three years ago, said at the event late on Wednesday. 'He's not a saint, but look at his achievements. He's not afraid to identify the enemy as radical Islam, and he's not going to support the two-state solution,' he said, referring to long-standing efforts to forge peace with the Palestinians. SHARE THIS ARTICLE  
ARTICLE

NTEB Ads Privacy Policy THE SMOKING GUN: WikiLeaks Emails Show Proof Positive Of Vast Clinton Foundation Corruption It is astonishingly detailed proof that the Clintons do not draw any lines between their 'charitable' work, their political activity, their government jobs or (and most important) their personal enrichment. Every other American is expected to keep these pursuits separate, as required by tax law, anticorruption law and campaign-finance law. For the Clintons, it is all one and the same—the rules be damned. by Geoffrey Grider October 28, 2016 Grifters-in-Chief: The Clintons don't draw lines between their 'charity' and personal enrichment. 
In an election season that has been full of surprises , let's hope the electorate understands that there is at least one thing of which it can be certain: A Hillary Clinton presidency will be built, from the ground up, on self-dealing, crony favors, and an utter disregard for the law. 
This isn't a guess. It is spelled out, in black and white, in the latest bombshell revelation from WikiLeaks . It comes in the form of a memo written in 2011 by longtime Clinton errand boy Doug Band, who for years worked simultaneously at the Clinton Foundation and at the head of his lucrative consulting business, Teneo. 
It is astonishingly detailed proof that the Clintons do not draw any lines between their 'charitable' work, their political activity, their government jobs or (and most important) their personal enrichment. Every other American is expected to keep these pursuits separate, as required by tax law, anticorruption law and campaign-finance law. For the Clintons, it is all one and the same—the rules be damned. Trump: WikiLeaks Shows Clinton Foundation Corruption 
The memo came near the end of a 2011 review by law firm Simpson Thacher & Bartlett into Clinton Foundation practices. Chelsea Clinton had grown concerned about the audacious mixing of public and private, and the review was designed to ensure that the foundation didn't lose its charitable tax status. Mr. Band, Teneo boss and epicenter of what he calls ' Bill Clinton, Inc.,' clearly felt under assault and was eager to brag up the ways in which his business had concurrently benefited the foundation, Clinton political causes and the Clinton bank account. The memoed result is a remarkably candid look at the sleazy inner workings of the Clinton grifters-in-chief. Rep. Sessions: Clinton Foundation's fundraising tactics are criminal 
The cross-pollination is flagrant , and Mr. Band gives example after example of how it works. He and his partner Declan Kelly (a Hillary Clinton fundraiser whom Mrs. Clinton rewarded by making him the State Department's special envoy to Northern Ireland) buttered up their clients with special visits to Bill's home and tête-à-tête golf rounds with the former president. They then 'cultivated' these marks ( Coca-Cola , Dow Chemical , UBS) for foundation dollars, and then again for high-dollar Bill Clinton speeches and other business payouts. Morning Joe Destroys Corrupt Clinton Foundation 'Total Corruption' 
Teneo's incestuous behavior also included Mrs. Clinton's State Department. The Band memo boasts that Mr. Kelly (while he was Mrs. Clinton's State envoy) introduced the then-head of UBS Wealth Management, Bob McCann, to Bill Clinton at an American Ireland Fund event in 2009. 'Mr. Kelly subsequently asked Mr. Mccann [sic] to support the Foundation, which he did . . . Mr. Kelly also encouraged Mr. Mccann [sic] to invite President Clinton to give several paid speeches, which he has done,' reads Mr. Band's memo. UBS ultimately paid Bill $2 million. 
American Ireland Fund meanwhile became a Teneo client, and made Mr. Kelly (of former State envoy fame) a trustee, where he 'ensured that the AIF is a significant donor to the Foundation.' AIF then bestowed upon Mrs. Clinton a major award on her final trip to Northern Ireland in 2012, in an event partly sponsored by . . . Teneo. 
Not that this is all one way. Mr. Band let slip just how useful all these arrangements were for Teneo, too, when he backhandedly apologized in the memo for hosting 15 client meetings in a hotel room rented by the Clinton Global Initiative. 
The memo removes any doubt that the foundation is little more than an unregistered super PAC working on the Clintons' behalf. Donors to the charity are simultaneously tapped to give Bill speech requests and other business arrangements, including the $3.5 million he was paid annually to serve as 'honorary chairman' of Laureate International Universities. Mr. Band's memo also notes his success at getting donors to 'support candidates running for office that President Clinton was supporting.' It's now 2016 and Bill's most favorite candidate is running for the presidency. There's no question foundation donors are being 'leveraged' for Mrs. Clinton. 
Mr. Band wants credit in the memo for prodding existing foundation donors to pony up more money, though the donation statistics he provides paint a different picture. By and large, donations to the foundation begin to spike dramatically in 2009 and 2010. Mr. Band didn't form Teneo until 2011. What was happening in 2009? Mrs. Clinton was sworn in as one of the most powerful politicians on the planet. The Clinton Foundation takes money from countries that deny rights to women: 
The obvious question is where are the prosecutors? (For that matter, where is Lois Lernerwhen you need her?) Any nonprofit lawyer in America knows the ironclad rule of keeping private enrichment away from tax-exempt activity, for the simple reason that mixing the two involves ripping off taxpayers. Every election lawyer in the country lives in fear of stepping over the lines governing fundraising and election vehicles. The Clintons recognize no lines. 
Here's the lasting takeaway: The Clintons spent their White House years explaining endless sleazy financial deals, and even capping their exit with a scandal over whether Bill was paid to pardon financier Marc Rich. They know the risks. And yet they geared up the foundation and these seedy practices even as Mrs. Clinton was making her first bid for the presidency. They continued them as she sat as secretary of state. They continue them still, as she nears the White House. 
This is how the Clintons operate. They don't change. Any one who pulls the lever for Crooked Hillary Clinton takes responsibility for setting up the nation for all the blatant corruption that will follow. source SHARE THIS ARTICLE Geoffrey Grider NTEB is run by end times author and editor-in-chief Geoffrey Grider. Geoffrey runs a successful web design company, and is a full-time minister of the gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ. In addition to running NOW THE END BEGINS, he has a dynamic street preaching outreach and tract ministry team in Saint Augustine, FL. NTEB #TRENDING
ARTICLE

NTEB Ads Privacy Policy NOT OVER: FBI To Conduct New Investigation Of Emails From Clinton's Private Illegal Server In a letter to congressional leaders, Comey said that the FBI had, in connection with an 'unrelated case,' recently 'learned of the existence of emails that appear to be pertinent to the Clinton investigation.' by Geoffrey Grider October 28, 2016 The FBI will investigate whether additional classified material is contained in emails sent using Hillary Clinton's private email server while she was secretary of state, FBI Director James Comey informed congressional leaders Friday. 
EDITOR'S NOTE: It's a sad, sad, day in America when the first and only woman from one of our two political parties to run for president is being investigated by the FBI for leaking classified information through her private and illegal email server. Crooked Hillary has bragged about 'making history' and she's right, this is truly an historic event, albeit one that belongs in the Hall of Shame. 
The announcement appears to restart the FBI's probe of Clinton's server, less than two weeks before the presidential election, an explosive development that could shape the campaign's final days. MSNBC: FBI re-opening investigation into Hillary Clinton's use of a private email server Donald Trump announces FBI reopening Hillary Clinton case: 
In a letter to congressional leaders , Comey said that the FBI had, in connection with an 'unrelated case,' recently 'learned of the existence of emails that appear to be pertinent to the Clinton investigation.' Breaking news: FBI reopening Hillary email case 
Comey indicated that he had been briefed on the new material yesterday. 'I agreed that the FBI should take appropriate investigative steps designed to allow investigators to review these emails to determine whether they contain classified information, as well as to assess their importance to our investigation,' he wrote. CNN: Clinton team 'stunned' by FBI re-opening email investigation, didn't know until plane landed 
T he FBI had previously closed its investigation in July with no charges, though Comey had concluded there had been classified content exchanged on the server and that Clinton had been 'extremely careless.' source SHARE THIS ARTICLE Geoffrey Grider NTEB is run by end times author and editor-in-chief Geoffrey Grider. Geoffrey runs a successful web design company, and is a full-time minister of the gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ. In addition to running NOW THE END BEGINS, he has a dynamic street preaching outreach and tract ministry team in Saint Augustine, FL. NTEB #TRENDING
ARTICLE

NTEB Ads Privacy Policy Att'y General Loretta Lynch Pleads The 5th When Asked Questions About Obama's Iran Ransom Payment 'Every Obama administration official and department involved in the Iran Deal appear to be running for cover,' the source said. 'Like we feared, the Iran deal is turning out to be a disaster and Iran is emboldened in its aggression. Evidently Attorney General Lynch and the Department of Justice have decided 'refusal to cooperate' is their best strategy. by Geoffrey Grider October 28, 2016 Attorney General Loretta Lynch is declining to comply with an investigation by leading members of Congress about the Obama administration's secret efforts to send Iran $1.7 billion in cash earlier this year, prompting accusations that Lynch has 'pleaded the Fifth' Amendment to avoid incriminating herself over these payments 
Sen. Marco Rubio (R., Fla.) and Rep. Mike Pompeo (R., Kan.) initially presented Lynch in October with a series of questions about how the cash payment to Iran was approved and delivered. 
In an Oct. 24 response , Assistant Attorney General Peter Kadzik responded on Lynch's behalf, refusing to answer the questions and informing the lawmakers that they are barred from publicly disclosing any details about the cash payment, which was bound up in a ransom deal aimed at freeing several American hostages from Iran . Loretta Lynch Pleads the Fifth To Protect Obama In Iran $1.7 Billion Hostage Money 
The response from the attorney general's office is 'unacceptable' and provides evidence that Lynch has chosen to 'essentially plead the fifth and refuse to respond to inquiries regarding [her] role in providing cash to the world's foremost state sponsor of terrorism,' Rubio and Pompeo wrote on Friday in a follow-up letter to Lynch, according to a copy obtained by the Free Beacon . 
The inquiry launched by the lawmakers is just one of several concurrent ongoing congressional probes aimed at unearthing a full accounting of the administration's secret negotiations with Iran. 
'It is frankly unacceptable that your department refuses to answer straightforward questions from the people's elected representatives in Congress about an important national security issue,' the lawmakers wrote. 'Your staff failed to address any of our questions, and instead provided a copy of public testimony and a lecture about the sensitivity of information associated with this issue.' Obama on Iran payment: 'We do not pay ransom' 
'As the United States' chief law enforcement officer, it is outrageous that you would essentially plead the fifth and refuse to respond to inquiries,' they stated. 'The actions of your department come at time when Iran continues to hold Americans hostage and unjustly sentence them to prison.' The lawmakers included a copy of their previous 13 questions and are requesting that Lynch provide answers by Nov. 4. 
When asked about Lynch's efforts to avoid answering questions about the cash payment, Pompeo told the Free Beacon that the Obama administration has blocked Congress at every turn as lawmakers attempt to investigate the payments to Iran. 
'Who knew that simple questions regarding Attorney General Lynch's approval of billions of dollars in payments to Iran could be so controversial that she would refuse to answer them?' Pompeo said. 'This has become the Obama administration's coping mechanism for anything related to the Islamic Republic of Iran—hide information, obfuscate details, and deny answers to Congress and the American people.' Obama Administration Finally Admits $400M To Iran Was Ransom For Hostages 
'They know this isn't a sustainable strategy, however, and I trust they will start to take their professional, and moral, obligations seriously,' the lawmaker added. 
In the Oct. 24 letter to Rubio and Pompeo, Assistant Attorney General Kadzik warned the lawmakers against disclosing to the public any information about the cash payment. 
Details about the deal are unclassified, but are being kept under lock and key in a secure facility on Capitol Hill, the Free Beacon first disclosed . Lawmakers and staffers who have clearance to view the documents are forced to relinquish their cellular devices and are barred from taking any notes about what they see. 
'Please note that these documents contain sensitive information that is not appropriate for public release,' Kadzik wrote to the lawmakers. 'Disclosure of this information beyond members of the House and Senate and staff who are able to view them could adversely affect the diplomatic relations of the United States, including with key allies, as well as the State Department's ability to defend [legal] claims against the United States [by Iran] that are still being litigated at the Hague Tribunal.' 
'The public release of any portion of these documents, or the information contained therein, is not authorized by the transmittal of these documents or by this communication,' Kadzik wrote. Congressional sources have told the Free Beacon that this is another part of the effort to hide details about these secret negotiations with Iran from the American public. 
One senior congressional source familiar with both the secret documents and the inquiry into them told the Free Beacon that the details of the negotiations are so damning that the administration's best strategy is to ignore lawmakers' requests for more information. 
'Every Obama administration official and department involved in the Iran Deal appear to be running for cover,' the source said. 'Like we feared, the Iran deal is turning out to be a disaster and Iran is emboldened in its aggression. Evidently Attorney General Lynch and the Department of Justice have decided 'refusal to cooperate' is their best strategy. But this is dangerous and ultimately won't protect them from anything.' source SHARE THIS ARTICLE Geoffrey Grider NTEB is run by end times author and editor-in-chief Geoffrey Grider. Geoffrey runs a successful web design company, and is a full-time minister of the gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ. In addition to running NOW THE END BEGINS, he has a dynamic street preaching outreach and tract ministry team in Saint Augustine, FL. NTEB #TRENDING
ARTICLE

  BOMBSHELL: 2006 Audio Emerges of Crooked Hillary Clinton Proposing Rigging Palestine Election 'I do not think we should have pushed for an election in the Palestinian territories. I think that was a big mistake,' said Sen. Clinton. 'And if we were going to push for an election, then we should have made sure that we did something to determine who was going to win.'   28, 2016 Chomsky recalls being taken aback that 'anyone could support the idea—offered by a national political leader, no less—that the U.S. should be in the business of fixing foreign elections.' 
EDITOR'S NOTE: Donald Trump, as usual, knows what he's talking about when it comes to a rigged system with a rigged election . Today's story brings you a never-heard-before audio tape of then Sen. Clinton talking about rigging the elections in Palestine to ensure the outcome preferred by the United States government. Looks like Crooked Hillary thinks nothing of rigging an election – any election – to suit her personal purposes. 
On September 5, 2006, Eli Chomsky was an editor and staff writer for the Jewish Press, and Hillary Clinton was running for a shoo-in re-election as a U.S. senator. Her trip making the rounds of editorial boards brought her to Brooklyn to meet the editorial board of the Jewish Press. 
The tape was never released and has only been heard by the small handful of Jewish Press staffers in the room. According to Chomsky, his old-school audio cassette is the only existent copy and no one has heard it since 2006, until today when he played it for the Observer. 
The tape is 45 minutes and contains much that is no longer relevant, such as analysis of the re-election battle that Sen. Joe Lieberman was then facing in Connecticut. But a seemingly throwaway remark about elections in areas controlled by the Palestinian Authority has taken on new relevance amid persistent accusations in the presidential campaign by Clinton's Republican opponent Donald Trump that the current election is 'rigged.' Listen to never-before-seen audiotape of Crooked Hillary talking about rigging election in Palestine: 
Speaking to the Jewish Press about the January 25, 2006, election for the second Palestinian Legislative Council (the legislature of the Palestinian National Authority), Clinton weighed in about the result, which was a resounding victory for Hamas (74 seats) over the U.S.-preferred Fatah (45 seats). 
'I do not think we should have pushed for an election in the Palestinian territories. I think that was a big mistake,' said Sen. Clinton. 'And if we were going to push for an election, then we should have made sure that we did something to determine who was going to win.' Chomsky recalls being taken aback that 'anyone could support the idea—offered by a national political leader, no less—that the U.S. should be in the business of fixing foreign elections.' 
Some eyebrows were also raised when then-Senator Clinton appeared to make a questionable moral equivalency. 
Regarding capturing combatants in war—the June capture of IDF soldier Gilad Shalit by Hamas militants who came across the Gaza border via an underground tunnel was very much front of mind—Clinton can be heard on the tape saying, 'And then, when, you know, Hamas, you know, sent the terrorists, you know, through the tunnel into Israel that killed and captured, you know, kidnapped the young Israeli soldier, you know, there's a sense of like, one-upsmanship, and in these cultures of, you know, well, if they captured a soldier, we've got to capture a soldier.' Trump on Election Rigging | Third Presidential Debate Highlights 
Equating Hamas , which to this day remains on the State Department's official list of Foreign Terrorist Organizations, with the armed forces of a close American ally was not what many expected to hear in the Jewish Press editorial offices, which were then at Third Avenue and Third Street in Brooklyn. (The paper's office has since moved to the Boro Park section of Brooklyn.) The use of the phrase 'these cultures' is also a bit of a head-scratcher. 
According to Chomsky, Clinton was 'gracious, personable and pleasant throughout' the interview, taking about an hour to speak to, in addition to himself, managing editor Jerry Greenwald, assistant to the publisher Naomi Klass Mauer, counsel Dennis Rapps and senior editor Jason Maoz. 
Another part of the tape highlights something that was relatively uncontroversial at the time but has taken on new meaning in light of the current campaign—speaking to leaders with whom our country is not on the best terms. Clinton has presented a very tough front in discussing Russia, for example, accusing Trump of unseemly ardor for strongman Vladimir Putin and mocking his oft-stated prediction that as president he'd 'get along' with Putin. 
Chomsky is heard on the tape asking Clinton what now seems like a prescient question about Syria, given the disaster unfolding there and its looming threat to drag the U.S., Iran and Russia into confrontation. 
'Do you think it's worth talking to Syria—both from the U.S. point [of view] and Israel's point [of view]?' 
Clinton replied, 'You know, I'm pretty much of the mind that I don't see what it hurts to talk to people. As long as you're not stupid and giving things away. I mean, we talked to the Soviet Union for 40 years. They invaded Hungary, they invaded Czechoslovakia, they persecuted the Jews, they invaded Afghanistan, they destabilized governments, they put missiles 90 miles from our shores, we never stopped talking to them,' an answer that reflects her mastery of the facts but also reflects a willingness to talk to Russia that sounds more like Trump 2016 than Clinton 2016. 
Shortly after, she said, 'But if you say, 'they're evil, we're good, [and] we're never dealing with them,' I think you give up a lot of the tools that you need to have in order to defeat them…So I would like to talk to you [the enemy] because I want to know more about you. Because if I want to defeat you, I've got to know something more about you. I need different tools to use in my campaign against you. That's my take on it.' 
A final bit of interest to the current campaign involves an articulation of phrases that Trump has accused Clinton of being reluctant to use. Discussing the need for a response to terrorism, Clinton said, 'I think you can make the case that whether you call it 'Islamic terrorism' or 'Islamo-fascism,' whatever the label is we're going to give to this phenomenon, it's a threat. It's a global threat. To Europe, to Israel, to the United States…Therefore we need a global response. It's a global threat and it needs a global response. That can be the, sort of, statement of principle…So I think sometimes having the global vision is a help as long as you realize that underneath that global vision there's a lot of variety and differentiation that has to go on.' 
It's not clear what she means by a global vision with variety and differentiation, but what's quite clear is that the then-senator, just five years after her state was the epicenter of the September 11 attacks, was comfortable deploying the phrase 'Islamic terrorism' and the even more strident 'Islamo-fascism,' at least when meeting with the editorial board of a Jewish newspaper. 
In an interview before the Observer heard the tape, Chomsky told the Observer that Clinton made some 'odd and controversial comments' on the tape. The irony of a decade-old recording emerging to feature a candidate making comments that are suddenly relevant to voters today was not lost on Chomsky, who wrote the original story at the time. Oddly enough, that story, headlined 'Hillary Clinton on Israel, Iraq and Terror,' is no longer available on jewishpress.com and even a short summary published on the Free Republic offers a broken link that can no longer surface the story. 
'I went to my bosses at the time,' Chomsky told the Observer. 'The Jewish Press had this mindset that they would not want to say anything offensive about anybody—even a direct quote from anyone—in a position of influence because they might need them down the road. My bosses didn't think it was newsworthy at the time. I was convinced that it was and I held onto it all these years.'  
ARTICLE

  BAZINGA! Donald Trump Has Ten Point Swing In Polls BEFORE FBI Reopened Crooked Hillary Investigation The poll was conducted Oct. 24-27 among a random national sample of 1,148 likely voters with a margin of error 3 points. According to the poll, Republicans appear more energized, as 81 percent of registered Republicans signaled that they are likely to vote, up six points from last week.   29, 2016 Republican Presidential nominee Donald Trump is rising in the polls, according to the latest ABC News/Washington Post poll. 
EDITOR'S NOTE: Just so you know what you're looking at here, let me break it down for you. Liberal news organ ABC News took a poll among likely voters for the time period of October 24-27, and it showed Trump up by 7 points and Crooked Hillary down by 3. That's a 10 point increase for Donald Trump, all that happening before the game-changing announcement by the FBI on reopening the investigation on Crooked Hillary and her illegal emails. Bazinga! 
Donald Trump is now at 45 percent with likely voters , up seven points from his low of 38 percent earlier in the month. Hillary Clinton is at 47 percent while Gary Johnson is at four percent and Jill Stein is at two percent. Newt Gingrich: Trump is likely ahead in the polls 
That marks a seven point jump for Donald Trump in just four days. Trump's opponent Hillary Clinton has seen her numbers drop three points in the same time period, making a 10 point swing in Trump's favor. 
According to the poll , Republicans appear more energized, as 81 percent of registered Republicans signaled that they are likely to vote, up six points from last week. 
Eighty-six percent of Republicans now support Trump, up from 82 percent last week, and 84 percent of Republican leaning independents are now supporting Trump, up six points from last week. 
The poll was conducted Oct. 24-27 among a random national sample of 1,148 likely voters with a margin of error 3 points. Partisan divisions are 37-29-29 percent, Democrats-Republicans-independents. source 
 
ARTICLE

  As Crooked HIllary Investigation Reopens, Democrat Cities Push To Allow Illegal Immigrants Voting 'Look at illegal immigrants voting all over the country,' Donald Trump recently claimed in a Fox News interview, part of his ongoing effort to cast doubt on the integrity of the presidential election. There's no evidence to support the Republican nominee's claims of election fraud, but some cities are moving to expand voting rights to include noncitizens.   29, 2016 Some Democrat-Run Cities Want Their Illegal Alien Population to Vote 
EDITOR'S NOTE: Yesterday, FBI director James Comey announced that they have reopened the investigation into Crooked Hillary's illegal email server. Yay! But even before that, Democrat operatives are working around the clock to skew the election results in any way they can. Today we present to you Democrat-run cities in America allowing illegal immigrants to vote in the upcoming election. Should illegal immigrant voting be legal? Wha…??? 
'Look at illegal immigrants voting all over the country,' Donald Trump recently claimed in a Fox News interview, part of his ongoing effort to cast doubt on the integrity of the presidential election. There's no evidence to support the Republican nominee's claims of election fraud, but some cities are moving to expand voting rights to include non-citizens (illegal immigrants) . Trump Opposes Same-Day Voter Registration to Prevent Illegal Immigrants from Voting: 
The latest is San Francisco , where the Nov. 8 ballot will include a measure allowing the parents or legal guardians of any student in the city's public schools to vote in school board elections. The right would be extended to those with green cards, visas, or no documentation at all. 'One out of three kids in the San Francisco unified school system has a parent who is an immigrant, who is disenfranchised and doesn't have a voice,' says San Francisco Assemblyman David Chiu, the son of Taiwanese immigrants. 'We've had legal immigrants who've had children go through the entire K-12 system without having a say.' Undocumented immigrants should also have the right, Chiu adds, to bypass the 'broken immigration system in this country.' Should Illegal Immigrants Be Allowed to Vote in US Elections? 
Today there are six jurisdictions in Maryland that let non-citizens (illegal immigrants) vote in local elections. Chicago allows them to take part in elected parent advisory councils but not to vote in school board elections. Four towns in Massachusetts have moved to allow noncitizen voting and are awaiting state approval. And in New York City, where non-citizens (illegal immigrants) make up 21 percent of the voting-age population, the city council is drafting legislation that would allow more than 1.3 million legal residents to take part in municipal elections. The city previously allowed non-citizens (illegal immigrants) to vote in school board elections, but that ended when New York's school boards were dissolved in 2002. Liberals Sign Petition to Allow Illegal Immigrants to Vote in 2016 Presidential Election: 
San Francisco has tried in the past to grant noncitizens access to school board elections. A 2004 measure narrowly failed, with 51 percent voting against it. 'There was an opposition campaign at that time,' Chiu says. He sponsored another ballot measure in 2010, which also failed. This time, Chiu says, he's hoping for a victory. So far he's seen no organized opposition: 'I think that's because of the ugly, anti-immigrant statements expressed by Donald Trump and his supporters.' SHARE THIS ARTICLE  
ARTICLE

NTEB Ads Privacy Policy WHEN LIBERALS ATTACK: Crazed Crooked Hillary Supporter Attacks Tea Party In Saint Augustine, FL This woman, obviously a Crooked Hillary supporter, was walking with 3 other friends, when they stopped to watch a meeting of the St. Augustine Tea Party on the street corner. They all stopped and she went back and forth with herself until she had the nerve to confront - the assault - this member of the Tea Party. by Geoffrey Grider October 29, 2016 Moments later, she flies into a rage, rips the sign out of his hand and throws it to the ground, then rips the Tea Party flag out of his hand and throws that to the ground. 
Have you ever sat back and watched someone who was working up the nerve to do something nasty like shoplift from a store or slash someone's tire? They go back and forth, reasoning amongst themselves, until they finally have worked up the courage to carry out the deed. That's exactly what happened today on Saint George Street in St. Augustine, FL, as I stood there and watched the event unfold. 
This woman , obviously a Crooked Hillary supporter , was walking with 3 other friends, when they stopped to watch a meeting of the St. Augustine Tea Party on the street corner. They all stopped and she went back and forth with herself until she had the nerve to confront – then assault – this member of the Tea Party. 
The Tea Party member asked her: 'Why do you kill babies?' 
Her immediate response was: 'Because it keeps the crime rate down'. 
Flabbergasted at her answer , he asked her again and she again gave the same response. Moments later, she flies into a rage, rips the sign out of his hand and throws it to the ground, then rips the Tea Party flag out of his hand and throws that to the ground. Having finished her assault , she storms off in a huff. 
Can you imagine the cry and faux Liberal outrage that would have resulted if a Donald Trump supporter had acted like this with a female Crooked Hillary supporter? It would be headlines on the nightly news for a week and jail time for the Trump supporter. 
Now you have see with your own eyes what real Hillary Clinton supporters look like and act like. Please share! 
Geoffrey Grider NTEB is run by end times author and editor-in-chief Geoffrey Grider. Geoffrey runs a successful web design company, and is a full-time minister of the gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ. In addition to running NOW THE END BEGINS, he has a dynamic street preaching outreach and tract ministry team in Saint Augustine, FL. NTEB #TRENDING
ARTICLE

  Crooked Hillary Risks Having 'Blue Dress Moment' By Aggressively Attacking FBI And James Comey Since Crooked Hillary has no idea what the FBI actually found, her gambit is every bit as bold, and reckless, as was her husband's decades earlier. She has now painted herself into the proverbial corner, and any evidence that the FBI produces will be amplified in light of her vigorous denials.   30, 2016 Interestingly, in 2016 at the height of the race for president, Hillary decides to adopt Bill's bold denial strategy 
Way back when in 1998 , as the Bill Clinton sex scandal with intern Monica Lewinsky was coming to light, Slick Willy decided on a very risky strategy. Knowing full well that he was 100% guilty as charged, he decided to look right into the unblinking eye of the camera and issue a full-throated denial of any involvement of any kind. Watch and see it for yourself: Bill Clinton denies having an inappropriate relationship with Monica Lewinsky: 
Now what Bill Clinton did not know was that Monica had saved a semen-stained blue dress with Bill Clinton's semen on it, which she promptly presented as evidence to prove that she was not lying. By this time she was being trashed by Clinton operatives desperate to save Bill's presidency, chief of whom was Crooked Hillary who had lots of nasty things to say about her husband's victims. That led to this moment as seen here: Bill Clinton admits to having an inappropriate relationship with Monica Lewinsky: Interestingly, in 2016 at the height of the race for president, Hillary decides to adopt Bill's bold denial strategy 
Hillary Clinton's campaign hopes, as reported by Bloomberg today , its unusually swift response to revelations about a fresh FBI investigation into messages in connection with a past probe of her private e-mail server will blunt the political damage amid concern about close Senate races as well as the presidential election. 
With nine days to go until the election , Clinton and her aides went on the attack, intensifying criticism of James Comey as word emerged that the FBI director defied U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch by informing lawmakers of newly discovered e-mails that may relate to its investigation of the Democratic presidential nominee. Hillary Clinton addresses FBI email investigation: 
Clinton's aggressive strategy contrasts with her bunker mentality in previous episodes of the controversy over her e-mail practices at the State Department. Her campaign is taking a calculated risk in publicly criticizing Comey and pressing him to quickly release more detail. Should new information contradict past statements or call into question the judgment of Clinton or any of her advisers who migrated from the Obama administration to her campaign, it could be damaging. 
Her rival Donald Trump told an audience in Phoenix the 'only reason' Comey must have felt the need to tell lawmakers of the newly discovered e-mails is that 'very, very serious things must be happening and must have been found. Very, very serious. Very, very serious.' 
Since Crooked Hillary has no idea what the FBI actually found, her gambit is every bit as bold, and reckless, as was her husband's decades earlier. She has now painted herself into the proverbial corner, and any evidence that the FBI produces will be amplified in light of her vigorous denials. The WikiLeaks emails showed us that even John Podesta said she 'lacks judgment' and discernment , and this is certain proof of that. 
But such is life when you're a Clinton. Look right into the camera and commence lying. This is how they roll. 
 
ARTICLE

NTEB Ads Privacy Policy Donald Trump, Bible Prophecy, And The Coming Global Shaking That Will Shock The World Listen to me, America, the time is growing ever shorter. Get your eyes off of red vs. blue and conservative vs. liberal, you will never see the truth that way. The God of Abraham, Isaac and Jacob is getting ready to insert Himself into our world in a very visible and tangible way. These are the days of prophecy. by Geoffrey Grider October 30, 2016 Join us as we apply Paul's command found in 2 Timothy 2:15 to 'rightly divide' our Bible and put everything in it's proper perspective and place. 
'And I will shake all nations, and the desire of all nations shall come: and I will fill this house with glory, saith the LORD of hosts.' Haggai 2:7 (KJV) 
CLICK HERE TO LISTEN LIVE when the show starts Sunday night at 9:00PM EST! 
Listen to me, America, the time is growing ever shorter. Get your eyes off of red vs. blue and conservative vs. liberal, you will never see the truth that way. The God of Abraham, Isaac and Jacob is getting ready to insert Himself into our world in a very visible and tangible way. These are the days of prophecy. CLICK IMAGE SUNDAY NIGHT AT 9:00 PM EST TO LISTEN LIVE TO THIS BIBLE STUDY 
On this episode of Rightly Dividing , we look at the 2016 presidential election, just a little over one week away, and the coming implications it will have on the fulfillment of Bible prophecy right here and right now. We are living in exciting times, and they are about to go into end times overdrive. 
CLICK HERE TO LISTEN LIVE when the show starts Sunday night at 9:00PM EST! SHARE THIS ARTICLE Geoffrey Grider NTEB is run by end times author and editor-in-chief Geoffrey Grider. Geoffrey runs a successful web design company, and is a full-time minister of the gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ. In addition to running NOW THE END BEGINS, he has a dynamic street preaching outreach and tract ministry team in Saint Augustine, FL. NTEB #TRENDING
ARTICLE

NTEB Ads Privacy Policy As Hillary Unfavorables Hit New High, WikiLeaks Warns It's Launching 'Phase Three' Of Election Emails Wikileaks supporters, now including a number of disgruntled GOP nominee Donald Trump and Bernie Sanders supporters, promptly replied with tweets expressing hope that phase three would ultimately damage Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton's campaign. User 'CorruptMedia' responded with a Photoshopped estimating what CNN coverage of Clinton being escorted to jail would look like. by Geoffrey Grider October 31, 2016 Sixty percent of voters view Hillary Clinton unfavorably, according to a ABC News/Washington Post poll released Monday morning, the highest level of unpopularity yet for the Democratic presidential nominee. 
On Sunday night , Wikileaks enigmatically tweeted that it would launch ' phase 3 of [its] US election coverage' in the coming week. The site put politicians on notice Sunday evening in a tweet that also included a plea for donations. 
Using the last two nights' results , after FBI Director James Comey revealed a further Clinton-related email investigation , 47% of the Democratic nominee's supporters said they were very enthusiastic about her, compared with 51% across the previous six nights. Trey Gowdy on FBI Finding 650,000 Clinton Emails 
As the Hill noted , Wiki did not provide information about what the third phase entails or if there are still more revelations to come. As a reminder, Wikileaks' founder Julian Assange currently finds himself in the Ecuador embassy where his internet access has been revoked for the duration of the presidential campaign to avoid the appearance of intervention. 
Wikileaks supporters , now including a number of disgruntled GOP nominee Donald Trump and Bernie Sanders supporters, promptly replied with tweets expressing hope that phase three would ultimately damage Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton's campaign. User 'CorruptMedia' responded with a Photoshopped estimating what CNN coverage of Clinton being escorted to jail would look like. We commence phase 3 of our US election coverage next week. You can contribute: https://t.co/MsNZhrTzTL @WLTaskForce pic.twitter.com/XferJnMGux 
— WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) October 30, 2016 A new archive of Clinton-related documents would further irk a campaign still reeling from FBI director James Comey's announcement on Friday that new emails related to the Clinton server probe had been discovered. 
Wikileaks has already posted hacked emails from the Democratic National Committee and Clinton campaign chief John Podesta: the former led to the resignation of former DNC chair Debbie Wasserman-Schultz after it was revealed that the DNC was actively scheming to prevent Bernie Sanders' nomination; the former has led to a series of dramatic revelations into the strategic operations of the Clinton campaign, with the most damaging emails exposing the Clinton Foundation and WJC's consulting outfit Teneo as an 'influence-peddling' pay-to-play organization as noted most recently in ' Doug Band To John Podesta: 'If This Story Gets Out, We Are Screwed' ' SHARE THIS ARTICLE Geoffrey Grider NTEB is run by end times author and editor-in-chief Geoffrey Grider. Geoffrey runs a successful web design company, and is a full-time minister of the gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ. In addition to running NOW THE END BEGINS, he has a dynamic street preaching outreach and tract ministry team in Saint Augustine, FL. NTEB #TRENDING
ARTICLE

  Donna Brazile Latest Casualty In Crooked Hillary Email Scandal As CNN Gives Her The Boot For Lying 'We are completely uncomfortable with what we have learned about her interactions with the Clinton campaign while she was a CNN contributor,' CNN spokeswoman Lauren Pratapas said in a statement, according to Politico.   CNN has severed its relationship with Democratic strategist Donna Brazile after it became clear that she was secretly sharing information about CNN events with Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign. 
EDITOR'S NOTE: Debbie Wasserman-Schultz was fired when WikiLeaks revealed she was heading a covert operation to steal the nomination from Crooked Hillary, she was replaced by Donna Brazile . WikiLeaks then showed us that Donna Brazile was feeding the interview questions from CNN to Crooked Hillary before the interviews and town halls took place. CNN today made a formal announcement of the severing their relationship with Donna Brazile. We are watching the complete destruction of not only the Clinton Crime Machine but of the reputation of the DNC as well. 
'We are completely uncomfortable with what we have learned about her interactions with the Clinton campaign while she was a CNN contributor,' CNN spokeswoman Lauren Pratapas said in a statement, according to Politico . 
Brazile apparently emailed Clinton campaign staff leaked information about a CNN town hall in Flint, Michigan. Democrat Donna Brazile On Final Debate and Email Scandal: 
'One of the questions directed to HRC tomorrow is from a woman with a rash,' Brazile noted in the email . 'Her family has lead poison and she will ask what, if anything, will Hillary do as president to help the ppl of Flint.' In March, Brazile emailed to warn the campaign about Clinton's stance on the death penalty. 
'From time to time I get the questions in advance,' she wrote in the subject line, noting that she was worried about Clinton's response. CNN's Jake Tapper CONDEMNS DNC Chair DONNA BRAZILE 
According to CNN , the network accepted Brazile's resignation as a CNN contributor on October 14. 
CNN announced the decision on Monday, October 31, after more emails were revealed.  
ARTICLE

  OBAMA GIVES TRUMP A GIFT: ObamaCare Collapsing Nationwide One Week Before Election Day A look at what happened in Arizona shows the cascading effects of problems with the design and implementation of the ACA, combined with early missteps by insurers. Some priced plans aggressively, angling for market share and betting special programs built into the law would protect them from losses. Those protections didn't work as expected. Enrollees' health-care expenses repeatedly overshot the projections of nearly all Arizona's insurers. The result: a flood of red ink, then withdrawals and premium increases.   When Affordable Care Act insurance marketplaces launched in fall 2013, Arizona seemed like a success. Eight insurers competed to sign up consumers, offering a wide variety of plans and some of the lowest premiums in the country. 
Today, with ACA enrollment starting Nov. 1 , Arizonans will find in most counties only one insurer selling exchange plans for 2017. Premiums for some plans will be more than double this year, some of the biggest increases in the nation. Only last-minute maneuvering prevented one Arizona county from becoming the first in the nation to have no exchange insurers at all. 
A similar dynamic is playing out in other states' exchanges, which are a critical centerpiece of the 2010 health law. About one-third of U.S. counties will have just one exchange insurer next year , up from 7% this year, estimates the nonprofit Kaiser Family Foundation, which studies health-care issues. In many cases, remaining insurers are seeking significant rate increases. Obama on Showing ACA Works: 'We're Not Going To Get That Much Help Through the Media' 
A look at what happened in Arizona shows the cascading effects of problems with the design and implementation of the ACA, combined with early missteps by insurers. Some priced plans aggressively, angling for market share and betting special programs built into the law would protect them from losses. Those protections didn't work as expected. Enrollees' health-care expenses repeatedly overshot the projections of nearly all Arizona's insurers. The result: a flood of red ink, then withdrawals and premium increases. 
'The Arizona market is the poster child for the problems the exchanges are experiencing nationally,' says Tom Snook, a Phoenix-based actuary for consultants Milliman Inc. 
Opponents of the health law have cited the problems in Arizona and other states to argue for unraveling the legislation, and they have proposed changes such as expanding health-savings accounts and allowing insurers to sell plans across state lines. Trump: My employees are having problems with Obamacare 
Obama administration officials say they are bolstering the exchanges, and the consumer impact of premium increases will be limited by the law's subsidies for lower-income people, received by about 85% of enrollees nationally. 'We're making really good progress in addressing a lot of the issues,' says Kevin Counihan, head of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services unit charged with implementing the health law. He calls Arizona an 'outlier,' saying that insurers elsewhere have succeeded with ACA plans. 
The ACA transformed the individual insurance market, where consumers buy their own plans. Before the law, insurers could refuse to sell to people with pre-existing health conditions. Starting in 2014, consumers couldn't be denied coverage, or charged more, if they were ill. Individuals could shop for plans via an online marketplace. Partly to ensure that healthy people signed up to balance out the sick, the law contained penalties for most people if they didn't obtain coverage. Arizona expanded Medicaid, as the law envisioned. 
Insurers saw uncertainty in the new marketplace, but also potential. They had to guess what prices they needed to charge to cover the health costs of new enrollees. A 2013 Society of Actuaries report suggested that the Arizona individual-insurance market could more than double, growing to 570,681 consumers, with more than 80% of them buying through the exchange. The health-care costs of the newer customer base would be around 22% higher than the old one, it suggested. President dodges blame for Obamacare premium increases 
Insurers believed they had protective guardrails —programs in the law to limit losses for companies that drew a lot of unhealthy, high-cost consumers. One insurer, Health Net Inc., told investors in November 2013 it could effectively pay out $1.20 in claims for each $1 it got in premiums and still break even with help from an ACA program called 'risk corridors.' Some of Health Net's Arizona products were among the lowest-priced in the country, according to Kaiser. 
Kim Walton, 62 years old, of Tempe, says his monthly insurance bill dropped by more than two-thirds compared with his pre-ACA plan, with help from a federal subsidy. Unlike his old plan, his new ACA insurance covered any costs tied to his pre-existing health conditions—he earlier had a hip replacement and suffered a broken neck. 'It was perfect,' says Mr. Walton, who owns his own business. 
Krysti Horwitz of Phoenix steered clear of the exchange. Ms. Horwitz, 35, and her husband, who own an online-marketing business, were healthy. In 2013, they had a plan that she said cost them significantly less than a new ACA one would. They weren't eligible for subsidies. They decided to keep what they had, an option the Obama administration authorized in late 2013. 
By spring of 2014, with the first year of the new ACA plans barely under way, insurers had to guess again at pricing. Rate requests for 2015 plans were due, though insurers still had scant information about who signed up. That was partly because federal officials extended the deadline for enrollment after technical problems with HealthCare.gov, the federal exchange being used in Arizona and many other states. 
One thing was already clear: Health Net's low-price gambit had won huge market share. The company ended up with nearly 92,000 enrolled in individual plans in 2014, more than seven times its 2013 total, according to insurance-data firm Mark Farrah Associates' Health Coverage Portal. 
That posed a challenge for rivals, including startup Meritus, one of the nonprofit cooperative plans launched under the ACA. Meritus drew only a few thousand consumers in 2014, and it needed to boost enrollment to sustain itself, according to Tom Zumtobel,the co-op's former CEO, who took over in late 2014. 
Meritus worked to reduce its prices, and its rates came in below competitors' in 2015. 
Once again that year, Arizona had some of the lowest exchange premiums in the U.S., and one of the most competitive marketplaces, with 11 insurers, according to the Kaiser data. Enrollment grew, particularly at Meritus, where it surged to about 48,000 in 2015, according to Mark Farrah Associates. 
On Oct. 1, 2015, insurers got a huge blow: Federal regulators announced the risk-corridor program, which many companies expected to limit their financial risk, would pay out only 12.6% of the amount expected . The program hadn't taken in enough money from successful insurers to cover the requests of those with significant losses. 
For Meritus, it was 'operationally devastating,' says Mr. Zumtobel. That Oct. 30, just two days before consumers were set to start buying their 2016 exchange plans, Arizona's regulator put the co-op under supervision, barring it from selling new insurance policies. 
Remaining insurers began retrenching. The 2016 plans included more-limited networks of health-care providers. The total number of exchange insurers ticked down to eight, from 11, and premiums rose. 'We started to see the cracks,' says Jerry Anderson, an insurance agent in Scottsdale, Ariz. 
Nearly all the Arizona individual business of exchange insurers plunged into the red, according to Mark Farrah Associates, the insurance-data firm. Health Net booked nearly $40 million in losses on its Arizona individual business in 2014, and another $39 million the following year, according to Mark Farrah Associates, when the insurer agreed to be acquired by Centene Corp. Blue Cross Blue Shield of Arizona, the biggest player in the state's individual market, had priced less aggressively than Health Net but still saw steep losses. 
Based on regulatory filings, McKinsey & Co. estimated the insurance industry suffered cumulative losses of between 9% and 11% of premium revenue on individual plans last year. Only about one-quarter of insurers reported a profit on the business. 
In Arizona, insurers set their rates too low to cover their enrollees' health expenses. There were fewer people than actuaries once projected, with about 203,000 choosing exchange plans during the enrollment period for this year. The share of enrollees who were healthy was smaller than companies projected, partly because the law's penalties weren't enough to prod them to enroll, insurers say. The unhealthy people who did sign up were more costly. Insurers say that some consumers appeared to be buying plans specifically when they had health needs. 
Blue Cross Blue Shield of Arizona's ACA plans in 2014 were priced around 35% higher on average than its individual plans in 2013. 'In hindsight, it wasn't even close to enough,' says Jeff Stelnik, a senior vice president at the nonprofit. ACA-plan enrollees had medical costs around 250% higher on average than individual members before the health law, due partly to far higher prevalence of conditions such as diabetes, he says. 
Insurers began to bail out. On April 19, UnitedHealth Group Inc. said it would pull out of nearly all state ACA exchanges , including Arizona's, for the next year amid growing losses. Others in Arizona retreated, including Blue Cross Blue Shield of Arizona and Health Net, which decided to pull out of the state's most populous county, Maricopa, as well as adjacent Pinal, for 2017. On Aug. 15, Aetna Inc. announced it would leave most of its exchanges , including Arizona's. Aetna's decision created a crisis: Pinal County would have no exchange insurers for 2017. The void would short-circuit a central mechanism of the law, because consumers can get subsidies only through an ACA marketplace. 
The situation drew attention from Republicans critical of the ACA, including Arizona Sen. John McCain . He introduced a bill meant to 'protect AZ from Obamacare collapse,' according to a press release. Obama administration officials said they believed the situation would be resolved. 
In September, Blue Cross Blue Shield of Arizona announced it would continue to sell exchange plans in Pinal next year after all. The decision came after state and federal regulators 'expressed their concern for Pinal residents,' though the insurer made the call on its own, says Blue Cross's Mr. Stelnik. 
Neighboring Maricopa County, the state's most populous, also ended up with just one insurer—Centene, Health Net's new parent, which announced Sept. 14 it would sell exchange plans there next year. Centene CEO Michael F. Neidorff says his company has a very different approach from Health Net, which he says 'thought they would get the revenue, the growth,' and relied on ACA risk programs for protection. Centene said it expects to be profitable in Arizona, as it has been in other exchanges. 
That left only one county in Arizona, Pima, with more than one exchange insurer—it has two. There will be a few more options sold outside the exchange, to people who don't get federal subsidies. 
Premium increases are steep, though the effect will be blunted for those who get subsidies. Blue Cross's rates are up by an average of 51% from this year, Centene's Health Net unit's, by nearly 75%. 
Mr. Walton, the consumer who benefited from lower premiums at the start of the exchange, worries he won't be able to find a plan that includes his primary-care physician and his cardiologist. 'I don't know what's going to happen come November,' he says.  
ARTICLE

NTEB Ads Privacy Policy Pope Francis Signs Joint Statement With Lutheran World Federation Church For 'Full Unity' The Joint Declaration was signed during the ecumenical prayer service held in Lund's Lutheran Cathedral on the first day of the Pope's visit to Sweden. by Geoffrey Grider October 31, 2016 Pope Francis and Bishop Mounib Younan, President of the Lutheran World Federation signed a Joint Statement on Monday in which Catholics and Lutherans pledged to pursue their dialogue in order to remove the remaining obstacles that hinder them from reaching full unity. 
'And I heard another voice from heaven, saying, Come out of her, my people, that ye be not partakers of her sins, and that ye receive not of her plagues.' Revelation 18:4 (KJV) 
EDITOR'S NOTE: On October 31, 1517, Martin Luther nailed his 95 Theses to the castle church door in Wittenberg, Germany, thus sparking the release of the captive Christian church from the Roman Whore of Babylon, the Catholic Vatican Church system. Exactly 499 years later – today – Pope Francis undid Martin Luther's work and ensnares an all too willing Lutheran Church with the concordat you can read below. This is exactly what the book of Revelation warns us about, and it is both sad and sickening to see so many Christian denominations so eager and willing to bow before the Roman pope. 
They also stressed their commitment to common witness on behalf of the poor, the needy and the victims of injustice. The Declaration was signed during the ecumenical prayer service held in Lund's Lutheran Cathedral on the first day of the Pope's visit to Sweden. 
Please find below the full text of the Statement: JOINT STATEMENT 
on the occasion of the Joint Catholic-Lutheran Commemoration of the Reformation 
Lund, 31 October 2016 
«Abide in me as I abide in you. Just as the branch cannot bear fruit by itself unless it abides in the vine, neither can you unless you abide in me» (John 15:4). With thankful hearts 
With this Joint Statement , we express joyful gratitude to God for this moment of common prayer in the Cathedral of Lund, as we begin the year commemorating the five hundredth anniversary of the Reformation. Fifty years of sustained and fruitful ecumenical dialogue between Catholics and Lutherans have helped us to overcome many differences, and have deepened our mutual understanding and trust. At the same time, we have drawn closer to one another through joint service to our neighbours – often in circumstances of suffering and persecution. Through dialogue and shared witness we are no longer strangers. Rather, we have learned that what unites us is greater than what divides us. Moving from conflict to communion 
While we are profoundly thankful for the spiritual and theological gifts received through the Reformation, we also confess and lament before Christ that Lutherans and Catholics have wounded the visible unity of the Church. Theological differences were accompanied by prejudice and conflicts, and religion was instrumentalized for political ends. Our common faith in Jesus Christ and our baptism demand of us a daily conversion, by which we cast off the historical disagreements and conflicts that impede the ministry of reconciliation. While the past cannot be changed, what is remembered and how it is remembered can be transformed. We pray for the healing of our wounds and of the memories that cloud our view of one another. We emphatically reject all hatred and violence, past and present, especially that expressed in the name of religion. Today, we hear God's command to set aside all conflict. We recognize that we are freed by grace to move towards the communion to which God continually calls us. Our commitment to common witness 
As we move beyond those episodes in history that burden us, we pledge to witness together to God's merciful grace, made visible in the crucified and risen Christ. Aware that the way we relate to one another shapes our witness to the Gospel, we commit ourselves to further growth in communion rooted in Baptism, as we seek to remove the remaining obstacles that hinder us from attaining full unity. Christ desires that we be one, so that the world may believe (cf. John 17:21). Pope Francis has been working on this partnership for a long time: 
Many members of our communities yearn to receive the Eucharist at one table, as the concrete expression of full unity. We experience the pain of those who share their whole lives, but cannot share God's redeeming presence at the Eucharistic table. We acknowledge our joint pastoral responsibility to respond to the spiritual thirst and hunger of our people to be one in Christ. We long for this wound in the Body of Christ to be healed. This is the goal of our ecumenical endeavours, which we wish to advance, also by renewing our commitment to theological dialogue. 
'And the woman was arrayed in purple and scarlet colour, and decked with gold and precious stones and pearls, having a golden cup in her hand full of abominations and filthiness of her fornication: And upon her forehead was a name written, MYSTERY, BABYLON THE GREAT, THE MOTHER OF HARLOTS AND ABOMINATIONS OF THE EARTH.' Revelation 17:4,5 (KJV) 
We pray to God that Catholics and Lutherans will be able to witness together to the Gospel of Jesus Christ, inviting humanity to hear and receive the good news of God's redeeming action. We pray to God for inspiration, encouragement and strength so that we may stand together in service, upholding human dignity and rights, especially for the poor, working for justice, and rejecting all forms of violence. God summons us to be close to all those who yearn for dignity, justice, peace and reconciliation. Today in particular, we raise our voices for an end to the violence and extremism which affect so many countries and communities, and countless sisters and brothers in Christ. We urge Lutherans and Catholics to work together to welcome the stranger, to come to the aid of those forced to flee because of war and persecution, and to defend the rights of refugees and those who seek asylum. Pope Francis wants to absorb all of the Christianity, not just the Lutherans: 
More than ever before , we realize that our joint service in this world must extend to God's creation, which suffers exploitation and the effects of insatiable greed. We recognize the right of future generations to enjoy God's world in all its potential and beauty. We pray for a change of hearts and minds that leads to a loving and responsible way to care for creation. One in Christ 
On this auspicious occasion , we express our gratitude to our brothers and sisters representing the various Christian World Communions and Fellowships who are present and join us in prayer. As we recommit ourselves to move from conflict to communion, we do so as part of the one Body of Christ, into which we are incorporated through Baptism. We invite our ecumenical partners to remind us of our commitments and to encourage us. We ask them to continue to pray for us, to walk with us, to support us in living out the prayerful commitments we express today. Calling upon Catholics and Lutherans worldwide 
We call upon all Lutheran and Catholic parishes and communities to be bold and creative, joyful and hopeful in their commitment to continue the great journey ahead of us. Rather than conflicts of the past, God's gift of unity among us shall guide cooperation and deepen our solidarity. By drawing close in faith to Christ, by praying together, by listening to one another, by living Christ's love in our relationships, we, Catholics and Lutherans, open ourselves to the power of the Triune God. Rooted in Christ and witnessing to him, we renew our determination to be faithful heralds of God's boundless love for all humanity. source SHARE THIS ARTICLE Geoffrey Grider NTEB is run by end times author and editor-in-chief Geoffrey Grider. Geoffrey runs a successful web design company, and is a full-time minister of the gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ. In addition to running NOW THE END BEGINS, he has a dynamic street preaching outreach and tract ministry team in Saint Augustine, FL. NTEB #TRENDING
ARTICLE

NTEB Ads Privacy Policy Last Minute Millions Pour In From Republican Donors As Donald Trump Surges Towards The Top Billionaire Sheldon Adelson just committed $25 million to an anti-Hillary Clinton Super PAC to try and help tilt the presidential race and down ballot House and Senate races to Republicans, Fox News learned Monday. There are indications the casino magnate will pony up even more by the end of the week. by Geoffrey Grider October 31, 2016 Adelson pours $25 million into White House race, more may be coming 
Billionaire Sheldon Adelson just committed $25 million to an anti-Hillary Clinton Super PAC to try and help tilt the presidential race and down ballot House and Senate races to Republicans, Fox News learned Monday. There are indications the casino magnate will pony up even more by the end of the week. 
Two senior Republican sources familiar with the donation described it to Fox News as a 'massive' amount of money to be spent during the final week of the presidential race and a sign that Adelson, who has largely been on the sidelines after initially suggesting he would give $100 million to help Donald Trump, is now going all in on the Republican nominee. GOP donors pouring-last minute money into the race: 
The money will benefit Future 45 , a Super PAC launched by the Ricketts family in Chicago, founders of TD Ameritrade. The group has recently been running a television ad in battlegrounds comparing Clinton to Richard Nixon, calling her a 'secretive, paranoid politician who destroyed 30,000 pieces of evidence.' 
The Republican sources said the contribution was made in the last few days as the FBI re-ignited its investigation of Clinton's email server, and could spark other big GOP donors – who may have thought the Democratic nominee was coasting to victory just days ago — to step up their support of Trump in the final days. 
Most importantly, one source familiar with the Adelson contribution revealed he is considering pouring as much as another $25 million dollars into the race before Election Day on November 8. 
The first major contribution came as Trump visited Adelson's Venetian resort and casino in Las Vegas for a rally with supporters on Sunday. Trump praised Adelson and his wife, Miriam, without any reference to the money that went to the Super PAC. source SHARE THIS ARTICLE Geoffrey Grider NTEB is run by end times author and editor-in-chief Geoffrey Grider. Geoffrey runs a successful web design company, and is a full-time minister of the gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ. In addition to running NOW THE END BEGINS, he has a dynamic street preaching outreach and tract ministry team in Saint Augustine, FL. NTEB #TRENDING
ARTICLE

  The Top 5 Conspiracy Theories That Were Proven To Be True Because Donald Trump Ran For President Every election year, charges of favoritism in the media fly back and forth, this is as old as the Republic itself. But this year, conspiracy theorists have claimed that the MSM was not only in the bag for Crooked Hillary, but actively working to secure her election with false polls, false stories and rampant and illegal collusion with the candidate.   Thank you, WikiLeaks , for making this a memorable year for discovering the truth behind the power that controls our system. 
Historians will look back on the Presidential Election of 2016 as the, not 'a', but the turning point in American history for a variety of reasons. Not the least of which will be that, because Donald Trump ran and was attacked by such an army of haters, that the truth about so many things previously kept hidden was brought out into the open. So today we are happy to bring you: The Top 5 Conspiracy Theories Proven To Be True In 2016 THE BUSH FAMILY ARE PART OF THE NEW WORLD ORDER: Every since George H.W. Bush uttered his ' we will bring in a New World Order ' speech in 1991, conspiracy theorists has speculated that the Bush Crime Family were not really Republicans or even Conservatives, but globalists with a secret agenda. It took the nomination of Donald Trump as the Republican candidate for president to bring these worms out from under their rock. Not only have they opposed Trump, and refused to support the nominee of the party they claim to belong to, they are actively working to try and elect Crooked Hillary , globalist candidate for president. PROVEN TRUE. THE LIBERAL MAIN STREAM MEDIA IS CORRUPT: Every election year, charges of favoritism in the media fly back and forth, this is as old as the Republic itself. But this year, conspiracy theorists have claimed that the MSM was not only in the bag for Crooked Hillary , but actively working to secure her election with false polls , false stories and rampant and illegal collusion with the candidate . WikiLeaks, one of the best friends the truth has in America, exposed all that and more this election 2016. It showed that not only were the conspiracy theorists right, they didn't go far enough in their speculations. PROVEN TRUE. THE DNC RIGGED THE DEMOCRATIC NOMINATION PROCESS: After candidate Bernie Sanders exhibited Trump-sized crowds everywhere he went, people were shocked when he was so easily beaten by Crooked Hillary who struggles to draw people to her rallies. As it turned out, the DNC was not only actively working to nominate Hillary , they were also actively working to suppress the momentum of Bernie Sanders. PROVEN TRUE. THE CLINTON FOUNDATION SOLD ACCESS TO THE STATE DEPARTMENT: For years now, conspiracy buffs have made the claim that the Clinton Crime Family, and Crooked Hillary sold access to the State Department for cash and favors. A book called Clinton Cash was even published documenting all this. But when WikiLeaks released emails proving this to be true and exposing the connections, it ceased to be a theory albeit remaining a conspiracy. PROVEN TRUE. GEORGE SOROS IS THE POWER BEHIND NEARLY ALL OF IT: George Soros real life history reads like a sordid crime novel. Born Jewish, he switched teams as a teenager in WWII and sided with the Nazis . This began a life of crime and intrigue that helped him amass an enormous fortune. Revelations in 2016 have showed Soros to be one of Hillary Clinton's largest single donors , his orders were carried out by Crooked Hillary's State Department, he funded the race riots which started in 2015, and he is behind massive voter fraud both here and around the world. If you go to vote and see a SmartMatic voting machine , immediately demand a paper ballot if you want your vote to be accurately recorded. George Soros is even the financial power behind the massive wave of Muslim migration in Europe. And the money behind Black Lives Matters as well. PROVEN TRUE. 
So thank you, WikiLeaks , for making this a memorable year for discovering the truth behind the power that controls our system. And thank you, Donald J. Trump, for having the courage to run this campaign, spending $100 million of your own money, and calling us to make America great, again. CNN Caught Covering Up Hillary Cheating at Debates: Gen. Flynn: Clinton should step down from race: George Bush Sr. New World Order Live Speech Sept 11 1991: Crooked Hillary Lies For 10 minutes straight: WikiLeaks exposes relationship between Crooked Hillary and illegal activities to hide illegal email server: Ingraham: 'Obscene' how the Democrats have turned on Comey Trey Gowdy Smashes Lying Loretta Lynch & Hillary Clinton Like A Boss: I know where Hillary Clintons deleted emails are and how to get them legally @TGowdySC @seanhannity @realDonaldTrump . 100% true. Retweet. pic.twitter.com/eir8r0FJ8M 
— Kim Dotcom (@KimDotcom) October 26, 2016 SHARE  
ARTICLE

  Merkel's Germany Descends Into Lawlessness As Muslim Migrants Rule The Streets With Impunity Germany has been hit by a spate of horrendous violent crime by Muslim migrants including rapes, sexual and physical assaults, stabbings, home invasions, robberies, burglaries and drug trafficking.   During the first six months of 2016, Muslim migrants committed 142,500 crimes, according to the German Federal Criminal Police Office. Germany has been hit by a spate of horrendous violent crime including rapes, sexual and physical assaults, stabbings, home invasions, robberies, burglaries and drug trafficking. Adding to the country's woes is the fact that thousands of people have gone missing after travelling to the country on invitation from the country's leader. Germany took in more than 1.1 million Muslim migrants in the past year and parts of the country are crippled with a lack of infrastructure. Now the true reality is hitting home ahead of next year's elections as the far right surges in the polls threatening to topple the Christian Democratic Union (CDU) leader Mrs Merkel. According to a report by the international policy council the Gatestone Institute , local police in many parts of the country admit that they are stretched to the limit. The report states: 'The rape of a ten-year-old girl in Leipzig, the largest city in Saxony, has drawn renewed attention to the spiraling levels of violent crime perpetrated by migrants in cities and towns across Germany. 'During the first six months of 2016, migrants committed 142,500 crimes, according to the Federal Criminal Police Office. This is equivalent to 780 crimes committed by migrants every day, an increase of nearly 40 per cent over 2015. The data includes only those crimes in which a suspect has been caught. 'Thousands of Muslim migrants who entered the country as 'asylum seekers' or 'refugees' have gone missing. They are, presumably, economic migrants who entered Germany on false pretenses. 'Many are thought to be engaging in robbery and criminal violence.' According to Freddi Lohse of the German Police Union in Hamburg, many migrant offenders view the leniency of the German justice system as a green light to continue delinquent behavior, says the report. He said: 'They are used to tougher consequences in their home countries. 'They have no respect for us.' Meanwhile a female police officer has admitted that officers are under attack and that the courts are a 'joke.' In a new book, Tania Kambouri, a German police officer, said: 'For weeks, months and years I have noticed that Muslims, mostly young men, do not have even a minimum level of respect for the police. 'When we are out patrolling the streets, we are verbally abused by young Muslims. source SHARE  
ARTICLE

NTEB Ads Privacy Policy Iran Sending Elite IRGC Warfighters Into Europe And United States In Preparation For Battle Iranian military and government officials have continued to advocate violence against the U.S. and its allies, despite the nuclear deal and several secret side agreements that gave Iran $1.7 billion in cash. by Geoffrey Grider November 2, 2016 The Iranian Revolutionary Guards Corps, the country's elite military force, is sending assets to infiltrate the United States and Europe at the direction of Iran's Supreme Leader Ali Khamenei, according to recent Farsi-language comments from an Iranian military leader. 
EDITOR'S NOTE: This is just a small bit of what our next president will have to deal with. Do you want a president who needs to take naps all the time , or do you want a Commander in Chief who is awake, alert and highly energized to get the job done? It's a no-brainer, people, go out and vote to #MakeAmericaSafeAgain. 
The IRGC 'will be in the U.S. and Europe very soon,' according to the Iranian military commander, who said that these forces would operate with the goal of bolstering Iran's hardline regime and thwarting potential plots against the Islamic Republic. 
'The whole world should know that the IRGC will be in the U.S. and Europe very soon,' Salar Abnoush, deputy coordinator of Iran's Khatam-al-Anbia Garrison, an IRGC command front, was quoted as saying in an Iranian state-controlled publication closely tied to the IRGC. Iran's secret army, the IRGC: 
The military leader's comments come as Iran is spending great amounts of money to upgrade its military hardware and bolster its presence throughout the Middle East and beyond. Iran intends to spend billions to purchase U.S.-made planes that are likely to be converted for use in its air force. 
Congressional leaders and others suspect that Iran has used a large portion of the cash windfall it received as a result of last summer's nuclear agreement to upgrade its fighting capabilities war machine. 
'The IRGC is [the] strong guardian of the Islamic Republic,' Abnoush was quoted as saying. 'The Fedayeen of Velayat [fighting force] are under the order of Iran's Supreme leader. Defending and protecting the Velayat [the Supreme Leader] has no border and limit.' Iranian military and government officials have continued to advocate violence against the U.S. and its allies, despite the nuclear deal and several secret side agreements that gave Iran $1.7 billion in cash. 
Iran accuses the U.S. of violating its end of the agreement by not helping the Islamic Republic gain further access to international banks and other markets. Iran's frustration over this has led to further accusations about a U.S. plot to foster unrest in the country. Iran IRGC UAV & UCAV operation units in Persian Gulf: 
'Our enemies have several projects to destroy our Islamic revolution, and have waged three wars against us to execute their plans against our Islamic Republic,' Abnoush said. 'The IRGC has defeated enemies in several fronts. The enemy surrendered and accepted to negotiate with us.' 
'And now all of our problems are being solved and our country is becoming stronger in all fronts. Some believe the holy defense ended,' the military leader added. 'They are wrong; the holy defense continues, and today, it is more complicated than before.' 
Congressional sources and experts involved in tracking Iran's increased aggression in the region and elsewhere told the Washington Free Beacon that these most recent comments are troubling given Iran's very public efforts to assassinate political enemies and others across the globe. 
'If we look at Iran's previous terror attacks and assassination campaign around the world, such a statement is alarming,' Saeed Ghasseminejad, an Iran expert at the Foundation for Defense of Democracies, told the Free Beacon . 'The Islamic Republic has killed hundreds of Iranians and non-Iranians around the world in a coordinated campaign of terror. Iran may decide to restart the project now that many western companies are going to Iran and Iran feels its action in Europe may not be punished strongly.' 
Another source who advises congressional leaders on Iran sanctions issues told the Free Beacon that the Obama administration is blocking Congress from taking action to stop this type of infiltration by Iranian forces. 
'Iran is ideologically, politically, and militarily committed to exporting the Islamic revolution through terrorism, which is why even the Obama administration says they're the world's foremost state sponsor of terrorism,' the source said. 'Congress wants to act, but Obama officials keep saying that new laws are unnecessary because the U.S. has enough tools to block Iranian terror expansion. Instead of using those tools, though, they're sending Iran billions of dollars in cash while Iran plants terror cells in Europe and here at home.' source SHARE THIS ARTICLE Geoffrey Grider NTEB is run by end times author and editor-in-chief Geoffrey Grider. Geoffrey runs a successful web design company, and is a full-time minister of the gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ. In addition to running NOW THE END BEGINS, he has a dynamic street preaching outreach and tract ministry team in Saint Augustine, FL. NTEB #TRENDING
ARTICLE

  BleachBit Mocks Crooked Hillary With Brutal New Product Offering Called 'Cloth Or Something' The new product is a set of microfiber cloths featuring an image of Hillary Clinton holding the BleachBit logo with a quote from Clinton in response to being asked if she wiped her private email server: 'Like with a cloth or something?'   BleachBit, the company responsible for the file deletion software utilised by Hillary Clinton's team to delete her emails, recently released a new product called 'Cloth or Something.' 
EDITOR'S NOTE: BleachBit, the company that makes the scorched earth software for people who really, really, REALLY need to delete emails about 'grandkids and yoga classes' have expanded their product line. Need a hammer to destroy your BlackBerry? They can sell you one. Need to wipe your server clean…like with a CLOTH or something? You can now buy that, too, and just in time for the 2016 Presidential Election. If I had a liberal friend, I would celebrate Trump's victory by sending them one. If only I had a liberal friend. Or not. 
The new product is a set of microfiber cloths featuring an image of Hillary Clinton holding the BleachBit logo with a quote from Clinton in response to being asked if she wiped her private email server: 'Like with a cloth or something?' 'Like With A Cloth or Something? – Hillary Clinton Jokes About Wiping Server: 
Funny thing here, Crooked Hillary always brags about 'how much smarter' she is than Donald Trump, right? So WHY, I ask you, does she now want us to believe that 'wiping a server clean' happens by using a cloth? Soooo, either she is a LOT dumber than Donald Trump – or – she's a liar. Pick one! Hillary Clinton Smashed Blackberry Phones With Hammers: 
Hmmm, let me see. The FBI asks me to ' preserve emails and devices ', so naturally the first thing I do is delete the emails and THEN smash the devices to smithereens with a hammer. Because that's how honest people, with nothing to hide, act when contacted by the FBI in an investigation, right? 
The product description reads , 'August 2015 Hillary Clinton was asked, 'Did you wipe your email server?' and she evasively replied, 'Like with a cloth or something?' A year later we found out that 'cloth' was BleachBit, a software application that deletes information 'so even God can't read it,' as Congressman Trey Gowdy announced August 2016.' The page goes on to list many uses for the cloths while poking fun at Clinton's actions during the investigation: After you have smashed your BlackBerry , don't forget to wipe the fingerprints from your email server with this non-abrasive, soft microfiber Cloth or Something. Thin, foldable size makes it easy to stash the Cloth or Something in burn bags. 6″ x 6″ size quickly wipes even the biggest email servers with thousands of emails. Buy an extra cloth for your VIP (VERY VIP) client. Optionally autographed on the back by Andrew, creator of BleachBit. Printed in the USA! Guaranteed not to prove intent, or you will get a full refund paid when you are released from prison. First-class shipping and handling is a flat rate of $2 per order. Yes, this cloth is real , and you can really buy it. 
Finally the page says , 'Don't wait for a subpoena: Order Now!'  
ARTICLE

NTEB Ads Privacy Policy Donald Trump Will Be 70 Years, 7 Months And 7 Days Old On First Full Day In Office As President On May 14, 2018, Israel will have been officially regathered, in fulfillment of Bible prophecy, for exactly 70 years. In 70 AD, Israel was destroyed by the Romans and the Temple stones toppled to the ground exactly as Jesus said it would happen. When you subtract 70 AD from 2018 AD, where does that leave you? It leaves you square in 1948 AD. Please pause here and allow that thought to sink in for a moment. by Geoffrey Grider November 3, 2016 God likes to orchestrate events relating to Israel around the number 70 
'In the first year of his reign I Daniel understood by books the number of the years , whereof the word of the LORD came to Jeremiah the prophet, that he would accomplish seventy years in the desolations of Jerusalem.' Daniel 9:2 (KJV) 
People, you better buckle up because things are about to become unglued. For well over a year now, we here at NTEB have been telling you that Donald Trump is God's man for the White House, and that Bible prophecy would be fulfilled in the process. Two very eye-opening articles you need to read are The Real Reason Why Donald Trump Was Chosen To Be The Republican Candidate For President and Why A Bible Believer Is Supporting Donald Trump For President Of The United States . I wrote those articles on May 4 and February 13, respectively. Israel in general and Jerusalem in particular are God's time clock for the fulfillment of Bible prophecy 
On our Sunday night radio show , which you can access here , we talked about Donald Trump, Bible prophecy and the coming global shaking. And believe me when I tell you it's coming. In the 9th chapter of Daniel we see that he finally understands what Israel's Babylonian captivity is all about by reading the prophecy Jeremiah had written. That was Daniel's 'a-ha!' moment. 
'And this whole land shall be a desolation, and an astonishment; and these nations shall serve the king of Babylon seventy years . And it shall come to pass, when seventy years are accomplished, that I will punish the king of Babylon, and that nation, saith the LORD, for their iniquity, and the land of the Chaldeans, and will make it perpetual desolations.' Jeremiah 25:11,12 (KJV) 
After digesting that bombshell , Daniel is then visited by the angel Gabriel who gives Daniel his own shocking prophecy of the Seventy Weeks Of Years. All of that prophecy has been fulfilled except the last week, or 7 year period, known as the time of Jacob's trouble as found in the book of Jeremiah and mentioned by Jesus in Matthew 24 as the time of 'great tribulation'. 
'Alas! for that day is great, so that none is like it: it is even the time of Jacob's trouble; but he shall be saved out of it.' Jeremiah 30:7 (KJV) 
'For then shall be great tribulation, such as was not since the beginning of the world to this time, no, nor ever shall be.' Matthew 24:21 (KJV) 
On May 14, 2018, Israel will have been officially regathered , in fulfillment of Bible prophecy, for exactly 70 years. In 70 AD, Israel was destroyed by the Romans and the Temple stones toppled to the ground exactly as Jesus said it would happen. When you subtract 70 AD from 2018 AD, where does that leave you? It leaves you square in 1948 AD. Please pause here and allow that thought to sink in for a moment. 
Donald Trump was born on June 14, 1946. If you move ahead 70 years from that date, that brings you to June 14, 2016. Moving forward another seven months brings you to Jan. 14, 2017, and moving forward another seven days brings you to Jan. 21, 2017. This is happening in the year 5777 according to the Jewish calendar. 
And if Donald Trump wins the election , Jan. 21 will be his first full day in office. Of course Trump would be inaugurated on Jan. 20, but he would only be president for part of that day. So that means that Donald Trump would be 70 years, seven months and seven days old on his first full day as president of the United States . Please pause here as well, and allow that thought to sink in for a moment. 
All this brings us to our last point, and here it is. One of the many campaign promises that Donald Trump has made is that he will move the US Embassy in Israel from its current location in Tel Aviv, to its new location in Jerusalem in accordance with the Jerusalem Embassy Act of 1995 . By doing that, the United States will recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel, and thus set off the Psalm 83 War as found in the Bible. 
'They have said, Come, and let us cut them off from being a nation; that the name of Israel may be no more in remembrance. For they have consulted together with one consent: they are confederate against thee:' Psalm 83:4,5 (KJV) 
For it is Jerusalem, what the Bible calls the 'apple of God's eye', that the real battle will be fought over. Why do you think that the Palestinians have always rejected the so-called Two State Solution? Because that solution calls for Jerusalem and the Temple Mount to stay with Israel, and the Muslims will not stand for that. They want Jerusalem for the same reason that the Antichrist fights the Battle of Armageddon for it. Because Jerusalem is where Jesus returns to, and where He will rule from for a thousand years. Jerusalem is the reason for all the conflict, all the fighting, all the past wars, and the coming war. 
'Behold, I will make Jerusalem a cup of trembling unto all the people round about, when they shall be in the siege both against Judah and against Jerusalem. And in that day will I make Jerusalem a burdensome stone for all people: all that burden themselves with it shall be cut in pieces, though all the people of the earth be gathered together against it.' Zechariah 12:2,3 (KJV) 
This election is going to usher in a time of amazing fulfillment of Bible prophecy. It is no coincidence of any kind that Donald Trump will be 70 years, 7 months and 7 days old on his first full day in office. It is not luck, fortune, happenstance or karma that he beat his 16 competitors for the nomination. As I have said for over a year now, Donald Trump is God's man for 'such a time as this', and that we are living in the days of visible fulfillment of Bible prophecy. 
As we started our radio show on this topic on this past Sunday night, do you know what the headline story on the Jerusalem Post website was? It was this: Ivanka Trump says her father will move US embassy to Jerusalem '100%' if elected 
If Donald Trump becomes President on Tuesday , as I believe with all my heart he will, then you better start thinking about the time of Jacob's trouble beginning sometime on or around May of 2018. That means the Rapture of the Church will have to happen before that. Please pause here as well, and allow that thought to sink in for a moment. 
Are YOU ready for what comes next? Because, brothers and sisters, it sure looks like it's coming. 
Geoffrey Grider NTEB is run by end times author and editor-in-chief Geoffrey Grider. Geoffrey runs a successful web design company, and is a full-time minister of the gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ. In addition to running NOW THE END BEGINS, he has a dynamic street preaching outreach and tract ministry team in Saint Augustine, FL. NTEB #TRENDING
ARTICLE

NTEB Ads Privacy Policy SHAMEFUL: Weather Channel Using Children In New Video To Promote Climate Change Hoax The Weather Channel released a climate change video featuring young children attempting to convince their parents of the seriousness of the issue. The video, entitled 'When Kids are Talking Climate – Maybe it's Time to Listen!' was released on November 1, 2016. by Geoffrey Grider November 3, 2016 There are lots of people who don't agree with man-made climate change. Weather Channel founder John Coleman is one of those people. 
'Gird up now thy loins like a man; for I will demand of thee, and answer thou me. Where wast thou when I laid the foundations of the earth? declare, if thou hast understanding.' Job 38:3,4 (KJV) 
Listen to what he thinks of his former channel's use of indoctrinating children to promote Climate Change propaganda: 
'Right or wrong, using children to promote a point of view borders on immoral. Even knowing that climate change is not happening, it is far beneath my values to use children to promote this truth,' Coleman told Climate Depot. 'I know without a doubt that there is no significant threat to the future climate of Earth from the industrialized civilization we have created and the drastic climate changes predicted by the Al Gore clan and the UN's IPCC are not occurring and are based on an invalid theory. But I will not stoop to the use children to promote my position.' Weather Channel using children to promote Climate Change hoax: 
The Weather Channel released a climate change video featuring young children attempting to convince their parents of the seriousness of the issue. The video, entitled 'When Kids are Talking Climate – Maybe it's Time to Listen!' was released on November 1, 2016. 
Kids : 'Dear Mom and Dad: 'The science is clear'
ARTICLE

  DEAD POOL DIVA: Huma Kept Those Hillary Emails FBI Found In A Folder Marked 'Life Insurance' Was Huma Abedin stockpiling emails from Crooked Hillary's illegal private server as a buffer between herself and an untimely death? You decide. by Geoffrey Grider October 30, 2016 Did Huma steal those emails and then save them as life insurance to protect herself from joining the Clinton Dead Pool? 
Huma Abedin is no fool. She may be the closest aide to Hillary Clinton, but she also spent the last 20 years watching enemies of the Clinton Crime Family spontaneously commit suicide. So it is with great amusement but virtually no surprise that today we are finding out that the folder Huma kept those incriminating Hillary emails in was called ' Life Insurance '. So did Huma steal 10,000 emails and saved it on her comp just in case Clinton targeted her? 
Hence: 'life insurance' 
— Charlie Kirk (@charliekirk11) October 30, 2016 Account suspended 
Why can you no longer see the tweet below? Because this: 'This account has been suspended. Learn more about why Twitter suspends accounts, or return to your timeline.' Guess Twitter is not a fan a free speech. No wonder the FBI went around the DOJ & Loretta Lynch a file called 'Life Insurance' can only mean one thing. What is in those emails crazy! pic.twitter.com/5SHBatOXOa 
— ⏰0⏰ (@0HOUR1__) October 30, 2016 
Was Huma Abedin stockpiling emails from Crooked Hillary's illegal private server as a buffer between herself and an untimely death? You decide. The Clinton Dead Pool , also known as the Clinton Body Count , is an exclusive club with a sky-high membership fee – your life. Life insurance indeed , Huma may have just saved her own life. SHARE THIS ARTICLE Geoffrey Grider NTEB is run by end times author and editor-in-chief Geoffrey Grider. Geoffrey runs a successful web design company, and is a full-time minister of the gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ. In addition to running NOW THE END BEGINS, he has a dynamic street preaching outreach and tract ministry team in Saint Augustine, FL. NTEB #TRENDING
ARTICLE

NTEB Ads Privacy Policy Crooked Hillary Campaign Chairman John Podesta Took Part In Satanic Blood Rituals And Black Magic The revelation that John Podesta, Hillary Clinton's campaign chairman, is presumably interested in weird, gory occult ceremonies was too juicy for even Wikileaks to ignore. by Geoffrey Grider November 4, 2016 In what is undoubtedly the most bizarre Wikileaks revelation to date, Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta was invited to a 'spirit cooking dinner' by performance artist Marina Abramovic, to take part in an occult ritual founded by Satanist Aleister Crowley. In an email dated June 28, 2015, Abramovic wrote, 'I am so looking forward to the Spirit Cooking dinner at my place. Do you think you will be able to let me know if your brother is joining? All my love, Marina.' Tony Podesta then forwarded the email to his brother John Podesta (Hillary Clinton's campaign chairman), asking him, 'Are you in NYC Thursday July 9 Marina wants you to come to dinner.' What is 'spirit cooking'? Spirit cooking refers to 'a sacrament in the religion of Thelema which was founded by Aleister Crowley' and involves an occult performance during which menstrual blood, breast milk, urine and sperm are used to create a 'painting'. The Podestas''Spirit Cooking' dinner? It's not what you think. It's blood, sperm and breastmilk. 
— WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) November 4, 2016 According to Marina Abramovic , if the ritual is performed in an art gallery, it is merely art, but if the ritual is performed privately, then it represents an intimate spiritual ceremony. The video embedded above depicts the bizarre nature of the ceremony. Abramovic mixes together thickly congealed blood as the 'recipe' for the 'painting,' which is comprised of the words, 'With a sharp knife cut deeply into the middle finger of your left hand eat the pain.' The ceremony is, 'meant to symbolize the union between the microcosm, Man, and the macrocosm, the Divine, which is a representation of one of the prime maxims in Hermeticism 'As Above, So Below.' Marina Abramovic 'Spirit Cooking': 'Abramovic is known for her often-gory art that confronts pain and ritual. Her first performance involved repeatedly, stabbing herself in her hands. The next performance featured her throwing her nails, toenails, and hair into a flaming five-point star — which she eventually jumped inside of, causing her to lose consciousness,' writes Cassandra Fairbanks. Another image shows Abramovic posing with a bloody goat's head – a representation of the occult symbol Baphomet. Spirit cooking is also an 'occult practice used during sex cult rituals, as explained in the book 'Spirit cooking with essential aphrodisiac recipes,' notes Mike Cernovich. The revelation that John Podesta, Hillary Clinton's campaign chairman, is presumably interested in weird, gory occult ceremonies was too juicy for even Wikileaks to ignore. 'The Podestas' 'Spirit Cooking' dinner? It's not what you think. It's blood, sperm and breastmilk. But mostly blood,' the organization tweeted. Some are even linking the spirit cooking revelation to claims that the Podesta emails contain 'code for child sex trafficking' that is hidden behind mentions of types of food. Others are connecting it to Laura Silsby , the missionary who was jailed for six months after her organization, New Life Children's Refuge, attempted to smuggle 33 children out of Haiti into the Dominican Republic after the 2010 Haiti earthquake. Significant, if partisan, find showing how the Clintons supported child stealer Laura Silsby https://t.co/7nULjOgmzr pic.twitter.com/NCgsVWTF2W 
— WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) November 3, 2016 Wikileaks emails reveal that Hillary's top aide Huma Abedin forwarded numerous articles about New Life Children's Refuge to Clinton. 'Julian Assange claimed that the Wikileaks would send Hillary Clinton to prison,' writes Cernovich. 'The releases initially disappointed many people, this reporter included, as the evidence of corruption was slim. Assange was right. The real story was hidden in view.' While the child trafficking and pedophile connections to Clinton remain unproven, the fact that her campaign chairman is apparently into spooky occult rituals involving menstrual blood and semen is easily one of the most disturbing Wikileaks revelations to date. source SHARE THIS ARTICLE Geoffrey Grider NTEB is run by end times author and editor-in-chief Geoffrey Grider. Geoffrey runs a successful web design company, and is a full-time minister of the gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ. In addition to running NOW THE END BEGINS, he has a dynamic street preaching outreach and tract ministry team in Saint Augustine, FL. NTEB #TRENDING
ARTICLE

  THE BIG UPSET: Democrats Go Into Shock As Donald Trump Pulls Even With Crooked Hillary In Michigan Trump and Clinton both received 44 percent support from respondents in a poll conducted Nov. 3 in Michigan. Libertarian candidate Gary Johnson received 4 percent support, while Green party nominee Jill Stein received 3 percent. One percent of the respondents said that they were supporting someone else, and five percent said they were still undecided.   Republican nominee Donald Trump is tied with Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton in Michigan, according to a Strategic National Poll. 
The Michigan statewide poll revealed Trump is now dead even with Clinton , in a state that has not voted for a Republican presidential candidate since 1988. 
Trump and Clinton both received 44 percent support from respondents in a poll conducted Nov. 3, which was obtained by The Daily Caller News Foundation. Libertarian candidate Gary Johnson received 4 percent support, while Green party nominee Jill Stein received 3 percent. One percent of the respondents said that they were supporting someone else, and five percent said they were still undecided. 
The survey , conducted by Strategic National , a Republican leaning consulting firm based in Michigan, contacted 573 likely voters in the State of Michigan on Nov. 3. The survey reported that 39 percent of the respondents were affiliated with the Democratic Party, 34 percent affiliated with the GOP, 21 percent affiliated with an independent or third party, and 5 percent said they were 'unsure' of their party affiliation. Donald Trump MASSIVE Rally in Warren, Michigan: 
Clinton is scheduled to make an appearance in Detroit Friday afternoon. Clinton will attempt to inject enthusiasm into reliable Democratic Party voters that came out for President Barack Obama in full force both in 2008 and 2012. Trump appeared at two rallies in the state Monday, and his children, Donald Jr. and Ivanka stumped around the state this week. 
Texas Sen. Ted Cruz appeared at a campaign rally with vice presidential candidate Mike Pence Thursday in Portage, Mich. on the state's west side — an area where Cruz and Ohio Gov. John Kasich performed well in the GOP primary. 
Both candidates have made ' six-figure ' advertising purchases in the state in the last days before the election. Clinton's campaign dumped $2.5 million in Michigan in two days alone, according to tabloid news outlet TMZ . Laura Ingraham on Why Trump Can Pull Off an Election Upset Over Clinton on Tuesday: 
Clinton enjoyed as much as a 13-point advantage over Trump in Michigan just two weeks ago. The Democratic nominee has not made Michigan a regular campaign stop while Trump has focused on the state and other rust belt states as a potential path to victory. 
While Michigan hasn't voted for a Republican candidate for president since President George H. W. Bush in 1988, the state is home to vast swaths of conservative-leaning precincts and a well-established state party apparatus. Michigan's governor and both legislative chambers are controlled by Republicans and the state's congressional delegation is made up of nine Republicans and five Democrats. 
Democrats have been able to win presidential elections by 'running up the score' in its urban areas and population bases, something Clinton hoped would keep the state safely in her corner without diverting resources and time from other battleground states. 
'Trump is over performing in key segments of the electorate especially in rural areas and Macomb County while Clinton is failing to get the numbers she needs out of the city of Detroit,' John Yob, CEO of Strategic National, who conducted the poll, reported. 
Out of the poll's respondents , 75 percent were contacted by landline, while 25 percent were contacted over cellular phone. The poll was conducted through landlines, using Interactive Voice Response and the margin of error for the poll is 4.09 percent. source 
 
ARTICLE

  Southern Poverty Law Center Names Florida-Based Now The End Begins As 'Active Anti Government Group' "That whenever any Form of Government becomes destructive of these ends, it is the Right of the People to alter or to abolish it, and to institute new Government, laying its foundation on such principles and organizing its powers in such form, as to them shall seem most likely to effect their Safety and Happiness." - Declaration of Independence   We are not against government , we are against bad government, oppressiv e government, corrupt government and anti-American government. 
'Let every soul be subject unto the higher powers. For there is no power but of God: the powers that be are ordained of God. Whosoever therefore resisteth the power, resisteth the ordinance of God: and they that resist shall receive to themselves damnation. For rulers are not a terror to good works, but to the evil. Wilt thou then not be afraid of the power? do that which is good, and thou shalt have praise of the same:' Romans 13:1-3 (KJV) 
This is what the Southern Poverty Law Center says about themselves on thier own website: 'The SPLC is the premier U.S. non-profit organization monitoring the activities of domestic hate groups and other extremists – including the Ku Klux Klan , the neo-Nazi movement, neo-Confederates , racist skinheads , black separatists , antigovernment militias , Christian Identity adherents and others.' 
So it was with great amusement that I saw on page 60 of their yearly ' The Year In Hate And Extremism ' where they provide a state-by-state listing of anti government groups, Now The End Begins was included in their assessment of Florida. Hmmm…is NTEB really an 'anti government' group? 
No, we are not. My father was a vet of both WWII and Korea, my brother a US Marine, and I have lots of friends who are warfighters, police officers and first responders. I was raised to have a deep and abiding respect for the police and government officials. I have never advocated for any uprising against our government, and certainly never advocated for violence on any level. That being said, NTEB is in 100% agreement with the following statement by founding father Thomas Jefferson: 
'That whenever any Form of Government becomes destructive of these ends, it is the Right of the People to alter or to abolish it, and to institute new Government, laying its foundation on such principles and organizing its powers in such form, as to them shall seem most likely to effect their Safety and Happiness.' – Declaration of Independence 
NTEB has been very hard on the Obama administration for reasons listed here , here and here . As well as here , here and here . And here . And oh, here , here and here , too. Ugh, enough already! A short Compilation of Barack Obama's blatant lies: 
Now The End Begins is not 'against government' , but we are against bad government, oppressiv e government, corrupt government and anti-American government. The Obama administration has been an 8 year experiment in white guilt, unvetted illegal immigration and a doubling of the National Debt just to name a few. Barack Obama is the anti-Reagan, a global citizen and the ' president of the world .' That's not good government for America, that's slop created for Socialists, Liberals and Communists by true anti-government troublemakers like Saul Alinsky . That's not us, not by a long shot. Donald Trump: 'My policy is America first' 
In 2016, America is presented with a fantastic opportunity to elect as leader, not a politician, but a businessman whose platform is simple. Put America first , and work to restore our former greatness. Wow, that's exactly right. That's a government that I can wholeheartedly support. That's a government that the founding fathers would support. 
It's time to Make America Great Again. 
 
ARTICLE

  BOMBSHELL: Crooked Hillary Sent Classified Info To Chelsea Under Fake Name 'Diane Reynolds' But perhaps the most significant part of the email is that Clinton forwarded classified information to her daughter, who is and was a private citizen with no government role and no apparent security clearances. It is unclear when or why Clinton deleted the email.   Crooked Hillary Clinton deleted a 2009 email in which she forwarded classified information to her daughter, Chelsea. 
EDITOR'S NOTE: The State Department today released recovered emails from Crooked Hillary's illegal private email server, and guess what? It contained classified and confidential information. Who did she send it to? She sent it to her daughter, who was no clearance or authorization of any kind to view or receive such communications. Now do you see why Crooked Hillary deleted those 33,000 emails so no one could see them (she thought)? And oh, by the way, Chelsea used the fake name of Diane Reynolds to receive the illegally -sent emails. Think they knew they were breaking the law? Yep. 
The email was released on Friday by the State Department. It is one of thousands of emails recovered by the FBI from Clinton's private email server. 
The Dec. 20, 2009 email chain , entitled 'Update,' started with a message from Michael Froman, who served as a deputy assistant to President Obama and deputy national security adviser for international economic affairs. 
The email, which is redacted because it contains information classified as 'Confidential,' was sent to Jake Sullivan, Clinton's foreign policy adviser at the State Department, and several Obama aides. Sullivan sent it to Hillary Clinton who then forwarded it to Chelsea, who emailed under the pseudonym 'Diane Reynolds.' 
All of the text in the body portion of the classified emails is redacted because it contains foreign government information. 
The State Department labeled the email a 'near duplicate,' indicating that it was mostly similar to other emails that the agency has released from the trove of emails that Clinton turned over in Dec. 2014. Clinton did not delete other responses she made to others on the email thread. 
'Wow — you can't make this up — sorry to have missed all of that! Let me know if you learn anything else,' she wrote to Sullivan. The State Department released that portion of the email conversation in February. CHELSEA CLINTON USED THE PSEUDONYM OF 'DIANE REYNOLDS' TO RECEIVE ILLEGAL EMAILS 
But perhaps the most significant part of the email is that Clinton forwarded classified information to her daughter, who is and was a private citizen with no government role and no apparent security clearances. 
It is unclear when or why Clinton deleted the email. She gave the State Department around 30,000 emails she claimed were related to her State Department work. She deleted a similar number claiming they were personal and dealt with yoga routines, food recipes and Chelsea's wedding. 
FBI director James Comey said in July that investigators recovered several thousand work-related emails from Clinton's server. The batch of emails released Friday are from that recovered trove. source 
 
ARTICLE

NTEB Ads Privacy Policy Hillary Supporters Jay-Z And Beyonce Are Members Of Aleister Crowley's Satanic Cult OTO Other celebrities linked to OTO include the rapper Jay-Z, who has repeatedly purloined imagery and quotations from Crowley's work. Whether wearing a T-shirt emblazoned with 'Do what thou wilt' or hiring Rihanna to hold aloft a flaming torch in his music videos (a reference to the Illuminati, an outlawed secret society whose name supposedly derives from Lucifer, or 'light bringer'), he has given the sect priceless publicity. by Geoffrey Grider November 5, 2016 Aleister Crowley, who was born into an upper-class British family in 1875, styled himself as 'the Great Beast 666'. He was an unabashed occultist who, prior to his death in 1947, revelled in his infamy as 'the wickedest man in the world'. 
'And he was withdrawn from them about a stone's cast, and kneeled down, and prayed, Saying, Father, if thou be willing, remove this cup from me: nevertheless not my will, but thine, be done.' Luke 22:41,42 (KJV) 
His form of worship involved sadomasochistic sex rituals with men and women, spells which he claimed could raise malevolent gods and the use of hard drugs, including opium, cocaine, heroin and mescaline. 
Crowley's motto — perpetuated by OTO ( Ordo Templi Orientis ), — was 'do what thou wilt'. And it is this individualistic approach that has led to a lasting fascination among artists and celebrities. Led Zeppelin's Jimmy Page, for example, routinely took part in occult magical rituals and was so intrigued by Crowley he bought his former home, Boleskine House, on the shores of Loch Ness in Scotland. And there are now OTO lodges scattered around the country, practising the same ceremonial rituals and spreading the word of Crowley. Jay-Z and Beyonce are leading the way 
Other celebrities linked to OTO include the rapper Jay-Z , who has repeatedly purloined imagery and quotations from Crowley's work. Whether wearing a T-shirt emblazoned with 'Do what thou wilt' or hiring Rihanna to hold aloft a flaming torch in his music videos (a reference to the Illuminati , an outlawed secret society whose name supposedly derives from Lucifer, or 'light bringer'), he has given the sect priceless publicity. 
His clothing line , Rocawear , is shot through with OTO imagery such as the 'all seeing eye' in a triangle, the 'eye of Horus' (an ancient Egyptian symbol frequently referenced in occult texts) and the head of Baphomet (the horned, androgynous idol of Western occultism). Beyoncé Knowles admits demon possession by Sasha Fierce: 
Some conspiracy theorists have seized on this as evidence that he is a member of a secret Masonic movement which they believe permeates the highest levels of business and government. Others take a more pragmatic view: that it is commercial opportunism, cashing in on impressionable teens' attraction to the 'edginess' of occult symbolism. Yet OTO is much more than a marketing opportunity for attention-seeking celebs. It is a living religion, with adherents still practising occult rituals set out by Crowley in his books. 
This week I tracked down John Bonner, 62, the head of OTO in the UK, to his home in East Sussex. He told me: 'We are not a mass-appeal sort of organisation — in the UK we number in our hundreds. Worldwide it's thousands. Hillary Clinton gets in formation with Jay Z and Beyonce: 
Celebrities are not always a boon or a benefit. 'We are used to being misunderstood. Many stories about Crowley, like people saying he filed his teeth down into fangs, are nonsense. 
'YOU COULD CALL US A SEX CULT IN A WAY, BECAUSE WE RECOGNISE, ACCEPT AND ADORE THE WHOLE PROCESS WHICH GOES TOWARDS MAKING TANGIBLE THE PREVIOUSLY INTANGIBLE.' According to adherents of OTO it takes years of study before you can begin to understand what the religion is about — much like the equally controversial Church of Scientology. 
A former FBI agent , Ted Gundersen, who investigated Satanic circles in LA, found that Crowley's teachings about 'raising demons to do one's bidding' suggested human sacrifice, preferably of 'an intelligent young boy'. 
John Bonner is dismissive of any idea that he and his fellow believers would even begin to countenance such excesses, pointing out that his is the only religion that sends people a letter of congratulations when they decide to leave ('because they are exercising free will, which is what we're all about'). 
But he accepts many people may not be able to deal with Crowley's complex teachings. 
'You're not supposed to just jump straight in to it. It takes time and study, but our rituals are not for public consumption. You need to join us and go through the initiation process before you can begin to understand. 'But according to our beliefs we can't turn anyone away. So if you are over 18, are passably sane and are free to attend initiations, then you have an undeniable right of membership.' source SHARE THIS ARTICLE Geoffrey Grider NTEB is run by end times author and editor-in-chief Geoffrey Grider. Geoffrey runs a successful web design company, and is a full-time minister of the gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ. In addition to running NOW THE END BEGINS, he has a dynamic street preaching outreach and tract ministry team in Saint Augustine, FL. NTEB #TRENDING
ARTICLE

NTEB Ads Privacy Policy Black Americans Going For Donald Trump In Record Numbers As Election Day Approaches Donald Trump is gaining in Michigan partly because many African-American voters — especially younger voters who backed Sen. Bernie Saunders — distrust Clinton, said Wayne Bradley, state director of African-American engagement for the Michigan Republican Party. by Geoffrey Grider November 5, 2016 Donald Trump is on track to double Gov. Mitt Romney's support among African-American voters, according to a series of state polls. In 2012, African-Americans comprised a record 13 percent of all voters. President Barack Obama was reelected with 93 percent of the African-American vote, leaving Gov. Mitt Romney with only 6 percent of the African-American vote. Obama is now campaigning against Trump, and hoping to keep his share of the African-American vote below the 11 percent that George W. Bush won in 2004 during the housing bubble. On Friday , a poll of 506 Pennsylvania voters by Harper Polling showed Trump has the support of 18.46 percent of African-Americans. That's eight points more than Romney's share of the national vote in 2012, and if it proves true during the ballot, that 18.46 percent African-American support translates into 2 point shift towards Trump. The poll also said another 4.6 percent were undecided. Trump acknowledges 'Blacks for Trump' supporters: The Harper poll is small , with an error margin of 4.4 percent, but an Oct. 30 poll of 1,249 likely voters in Pennsylvania showed Trump has 19 percent support among African Americans, while another 7 percent remain undecided. That poll has a error margin of 2.77 percent. In next-door Michigan, two nights of a tracking poll conducted for Fox 2 of 1,150 likely voters showed Trump with 14 percent support and 19 percent support, leaving Clinton with 83 percent and 79 percent support. That's equivalent to a two-point shift from Clinton to Trump in the state. 'We're showing Donald Trump doing far better among African-Americans than any other Republican in modern memory, said John Yob, CEO of a Michigan-based polling firm, Strategic National . Trump 'has done an excellent job in campaigning for the votes of African-Americans,' he said, partly by campaigning in Detroit, said Yob, whose automated tracking polls show Trump and Clinton running level in the state. Black Trump Supporters Explain Why They are Voting for Donald Trump: Donald Trump is gaining in Michigan partly because many African-American voters — especially younger voters who backed Sen. Bernie Saunders — distrust Clinton, said W ayne Bradley, state director of African-American engagement for the Michigan Republican Party. 'T here is a tremendous trust deficit with Hillary Clinton' because tough anti-crime laws established when her husband was president in the 1990s, he said. That distrust has helped cause a sharp drop in the number of absentee ballots mailed in from Detroit, even as other part of the state send in more ballots that before, Bradley said. Faced with a low turnout, the Clinton campaign is trying to frighten African-Americans to vote, but 't hat's not a convincing enough argument,' he said. 'Detroit as of Wednesday had seen absentee ballots returns equaling just 46 percent of the total 2012 absentee vote in the city, and the city clerk's office is forecasting a decline of 10,000 absentee ballots compared to 2012, a fall of 12.5 percent,' according to a review of absentee records by the Gongwer.com website, which intensively tracks Michigan politics. It is 'possible that the falloff portends reduced [election day] voting at the precincts, in which case … Clinton could net something like 32,000 fewer votes out of the city than President Barack Obama did in 2012.' But other polls offer better news to Clinton. A Detroit Free Press poll of 600 likely Michigan voters released Nov. 4 showed that 'Among black voters, her margin also grew substantially, to 92% compared to 88% two weeks ago.' National Trends Trump's gain among African-American voters is happening in many states, alongside an overall reduction in African-American enthusiasm and support for Obama's designated successor. That drop-off in support from Obama's 93 percent level will likely reduce the turnout for Clinton. MSNBC reporter wasn't expecting Black Americans to vote for Trump: That's a problem for Democrats, because a 7.5 percent drop in nationwide African-American turnout would be equal to a one-point drop in a nationwide vote for Clinton. Reports say the early-voting turnout by African-Americans has dropped by up to 10 percent in North Carolina and by somewhat less in Florida . President Barack Obama and other top Democrats have hopscotched through the states to push that turnout back up by election day. But pollsters face problems when trying to gauge opinions in a high-stakes emotional competition. For example, a large slice of African-Americans are picking 'undecided' in some polls. The Washington Post is reporting that Clinton is leading Trump by 79 percentage points among African-Americans, but the fine print in the article says Clinton's score is 82 percent and Trump's score is 3 percent — leaving 15 percent who did not pick either candidate. So if Trump gets just one-in-five of the undecided African-American voters, he reaches Romney's 2012 level. Blacks for Trump, It's a Thing: Some concerned people lie to pollsters. For example, roughly 7 percent of college grads hide their support for Trump when they're ask by pollsters over the phone, perhaps out of fear of penalties if their choice was made public. So when polls show a non-answer from respondents, for example, many undecided voters, the votes may be hiding a weak or strong preference for Trump. These factor may be impacting polls of African-Americans, who are being hammered by claims from Clinton and Obama that Trump is supposedly a racist. 'If you accept the support of Klan sympathizers — the Klan — and hesitate when asked about that support, then you'll tolerate that support when you're in office,' Obama told an African-American crowd in North Carolina on Nov. 3. For example, Public Policy Polling — which mostly works for Democratic clients — used phone interviews in a poll that showed Trump with just 9 percent support in Michigan among 957 likely voters, of whom 12 percent were African-American. The poll said none of the roughly 110 African-Americans were undecided in a two-person race, even though 8 percent said they were unsure when they were asked if they had a favorable view of Trump. In contrast, the Harper Polling survey in Pennsylvania got very different answers from African-Americans. Trump got 18.5 percent support in a four-person race, although many respondents waffled when they were asked to pick between just Clinton and Trump. When asked to pick either of the two main candidates, only 12.3 percent supported Trump, while 13.9 percent declared themselves to be undecided. So Trump actually picked up half of the undecideds when the respondents were allowed to chose from the four candidates. Polls A national poll by TIPP showed Clinton at only 75 percent support among all non-whites, including Hispanics, African-Americans and Latinos. That poll showed Trump getting support from 15 percent of non-whites , leaving 5 percent undecided and 5 percent supporting other candidates. In North Carolina, 19 percent of African-Americans support Trump, according to an Oct. 30 survey of 1176 likely voters by Remington Research Group. An Oct. 28 to Oct. 31 poll in North Carolina by SurveyUSA showed Trump with 14 percent support in a poll of 800 adults, including 659 likely voters. African-Americans comprised 21 percent of the voters in the poll. SurveyUSA is the top-ranked pollster in Nate Silver's rankings . But a late October poll of African-Americans in North Carolina by Siena University showed 89 percent support for Clinton and 1 percent for Trump — but it also showed 6 percent staying they did not know who they will vote for, and 11 percent support for the GOP Gov. Pat McCrory. In Florida, a Siena University poll showed that Trump had the support of 13 percent of African-Americans. More ominously for Clinton, she had the support of only 83 percent, while 4 percent said they didn't know who to vote for. If Trump gets one-quarter of the 4 percent, he reaches 14 percent of the African-American vote, leaving Clinton with roughly 86 percent. In Virginia, a survey by Public Policy Polling taken in Nov. 3 and Nov. 4 showed Trump with 9 percent support and Clinton with 91 percent support. A Remington Research automated poll of 1,106 likely voters in Virginia showed Trump with 19 percent , and Clinton with just 78 percent support. In Georgia, a Nov. 2 to Nov. 3 poll of 1,000 likely voters showed Trump with 12 percent of the African-American vote, leaving Clinton with 85 percent. Amid the disagreement, rivalries and complexity, Bradley is confident that Trump will do well among African-Americans. His final tally as the GOP candidate 'will be a higher number that it has been in the past… [because] he's working, he's coming to these cities to deliver the message.' The African-American vote may even be enough to help push Trump over the so-called 'blue wall' of Democratic northern states that stands in his path to the White House. source SHARE THIS ARTICLE Geoffrey Grider NTEB is run by end times author and editor-in-chief Geoffrey Grider. Geoffrey runs a successful web design company, and is a full-time minister of the gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ. In addition to running NOW THE END BEGINS, he has a dynamic street preaching outreach and tract ministry team in Saint Augustine, FL. NTEB #TRENDING
ARTICLE

  Secret Service Rushes Donald Trump Offstage In Nevada As Paid Hillary Supporter With Gun Attacks 'Nobody said it was going to be easy for us,' Trump declared. 'But we will never be stopped. Never, never be stopped.''I want to thank the Secret Service. These guys are fantastic. They don't get enough credit. They don't get enough credit. They're amazing people.'   5, 2016 Secret Service agents rushed Donald trump offstage on Saturday evening during a rally in Reno, Nevada after they determined a protester in the audience with a gun posed a threat to the Republican presidential candidate. 'Go! Go!' they shouted as they whisked him away and a combination of local police and private security wrestled the suspect to the ground. Thousands of people scattered like a sea of bodies, screams rang out and authorities dragged the man away as he kicked and strained. Trump returned to the stage just five minutes later. 'Nobody said it was going to be easy for us,' Trump declared. 'But we will never be stopped. Never, never be stopped.' 'I want to thank the Secret Service. These guys are fantastic. They don't get enough credit. They don't get enough credit. They're amazing people.' Secret Service Swarms in to Protect Donald Trump After Scare in Reno Trump had spotted the protester and claimed he was a Hillary Clinton supporter before asking security to 'take him out.' As he returned to his speech, Trump thanked a group of fans near the stage who had stepped in to subdue his would-be attacker. 'You were amazing, fellas,' he said. 'I saw what you were doing. That's a tough group of people right that… Nobody messes with our people, right?' Trump then returned to his regular speech. JUST NOW: Donald Trump was just rushed off stage during his Nevada campaign rally: https://t.co/7fTJ3N3MQN pic.twitter.com/Hm7CRdFDTU 
— CBS News (@CBSNews) November 6, 2016 Federal agents and tactical officers from Reno Police removed the man and placed him in a bathroom near a secure entrance where Trump's motorcade and the press vehicles were staged. Two audience members told DailyMail.com that they had seen the man holding a firearm. That has not been confirmed by law enforcement. As police and good Samaritans took him down, the crowd surged backward and strained against the press section. 'CNN sucks!' one man yelled. 'You people caused this!' Audience members at the front of the crowd reportedly said they saw the man raise up a sign before a scuffle ensued. Saturday's incident marked the second time Secret Service had to intervene to get Trump out of harm's way. In March a man leaped over a police barricade during a Trump rally at an airport hangar in Dayton, Ohio. The man,Thomas Dimassimo, was charged with disorderly conduct and inciting panic, but he never reached the stage. Secret Service tackled him when he was still several yards away from the candidate. 'I was ready for him, but it's much easier if the cops do it, don't we agree?' Trump said at the time. 'And to think I had such an easy life! What do I need this for, right?' At this time a motive is not clear. source  
ARTICLE

NTEB Ads Privacy Policy Fearing Tomorrow's WikiLeaks Bombshell, Clinton Campaign Begins Denying Before It's Released 'Friends, please remember that if you see a whopper of a Wikileaks in next two days - it's probably a fake,' tweeted Jennifer Palmieri, the communications director for the Clinton campaign. by Geoffrey Grider November 6, 2016 A spokesperson for Hillary Clinton's campaign said Sunday that if Wikileaks were to publish a bombshell email in the final two days of the election, it would likely not be authentic. 
Now you know things are really bad for the Hillary Clinton campaign when they start denying the WikiLeaks emails before they're actually released. Yesterday, I said to two friends of mine that one more huge WikiLeaks bombshell was coming, and that in all likelihood it will be tomorrow, the day before the election. Evidentially, the Clinton camp agrees with me because they have just issued a denial for something that hasn't happened yet. Wow. Can you say 'game over'? 
'Friends, please remember that if you see a whopper of a Wikileaks in next two days – it's probably a fake,' tweeted Jennifer Palmieri, the communications director for the Clinton campaign. Friends, please remember that if you see a whopper of a Wikileaks in next two days – it's probably a fake. 
— Jennifer Palmieri (@jmpalmieri) November 6, 2016 Shocking Emails Exposed: WikiLeaks vs. Hillary Clinton 
For the past several weeks , WikiLeaks has published emails obtained from a hack on campaign chairman John Podesta's personal account. Many messages published have included exchanges that have caused headaches for the Clinton campaign . 
The Clinton campaign has repeatedly declined to say whether any of the emails are authentic, but most reporters and political analysts have reported on them as such. 
Representatives for the Clinton campaign have , instead, only said the emails were likely the result of Russia trying to use hackers to interfere with the election . The US intelligence community has publicly accused Russia of hacks on Democratic Party organizations. Hillary Clinton – Her Darkest Secrets: SHARE THIS ARTICLE Geoffrey Grider NTEB is run by end times author and editor-in-chief Geoffrey Grider. Geoffrey runs a successful web design company, and is a full-time minister of the gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ. In addition to running NOW THE END BEGINS, he has a dynamic street preaching outreach and tract ministry team in Saint Augustine, FL. NTEB #TRENDING
ARTICLE

  Revelation Unleashed: Unlocking The Mysteries Of The Bible's Most Mysterious Book On this episode of Rightly Dividing, join us as we drop some pins and create an easy to understand roadmap to the amazing, awesome, and very much knowable book of Revelation!   Join us as we apply Paul's command found in 2 Timothy 2:15 to 'rightly divide' our Bible and put everything in it's proper perspective and place. 
' And one of the elders saith unto me, Weep not: behold, the Lion of the tribe of Juda, the Root of David, hath prevailed to open the book, and to loose the seven seals thereof.' Revelation 5:5 (KJV) 
CLICK HERE TO LISTEN LIVE when the show starts Sunday night at 9:00PM EST! 
For centuries, the Catholic Church had locked up the Bible and kept it out of reach of the common man. As a result, when the Protestant Reformation ended the Dark Ages and removed the Bible from its Vatican shackles, it was a book that remained quite a mystery to most people. Out of all of its 66 books, the most misunderstood, most debated over and most feared book is, ironically and undoubtedly, the book of Revelation. 
On this episode of Rightly Dividing , we apply Paul's command to 'rightly divide' to the book of Revelation, and in the process of doing so remove much of the mystery in the process. God didn't write any part of the Bible to be out of reach of anyone who, by faith, wanted to plumb its depths and unlock its mysteries. Join us as we drop some pins and create an easy to understand roadmap to the amazing, awesome, and very much knowable book of Revelation! 
CLICK HERE TO LISTEN LIVE when the show starts Sunday night at 9:00PM EST!  
ARTICLE

NTEB Ads Privacy Policy It Is Now Up To The American People To Make Sure Crooked Hillary Is Stopped At The Ballot Box On November 8th, the American people will have the opportunity to do what the FBI and the Department of Justice refuse to do, deliver a guilty verdict against Crooked Hillary Clinton. By casting your vote to stop her, you can decide if America will be made great again, or whether we will wallow in a festering swamp of corruption. The choice is all yours, America. by Geoffrey Grider November 7, 2016 Crooked Hillary, Slick Willy, and the entire Clinton Crime Family organization represent the very worst of a corrupt system that has been allowed to operate for far too long. 
'When the righteous are in authority, the people rejoice: but when the wicked beareth rule, the people mourn.' Proverbs 29:2 (KJV) 
On November 8th , the American people will have the opportunity to do what the FBI and the Department of Justice refuse to do, deliver a guilty verdict against Crooked Hillary Clinton. By casting your vote to stop her, you can decide if America will be made great again, or whether we will wallow in a festering swamp of corruption. The choice is all yours, America. Donald Trump's Argument For America: WikiLeaks: DNC and CNN colluded on questions for Trump, Cruz Newly released emails from WikiLeaks suggest that the Democratic National Committee colluded with CNN in devising questions in April to be asked of then-Republican primary candidate Donald Trump in an upcoming interview. In an email to DNC colleagues on April 25 with the headline 'Trump Questions for CNN,' a DNC official with the email username asked for ideas for an interview to be conducted by CNN anchor Wolf Blitzer.'Wolf Blitzer is interviewing Trump on Tues ahead of his foreign policy address on Wed. … Please send me thoughts by 10:30 AM tomorrow.'The sender of the email would seem to be DNC Research Director Lauren Dillon, who was identified in previous reports of DNC emails released by WikiLeaks in July. Stay abreast of the latest developments from nation' source Jill Stein agrees with Donald Trump, Crooked Hillary must be stopped 'Get ready for war with Russia' if Hillary Clinton is elected president, said progressive Green Party presidential nominee Jill Stein.'This election, we are not only deciding what kind of world we will have, but whether we will have a world or not going forward,' Stein warned, explaining that Clinton's trigger-happy militarism 'is a mushroom cloud waiting to happen.'While Stein explained that the dangers posed by a Clinton presidency are 'arguably even more immediate and intense.', Stein blasted Clinton's 'warmongering' that 'almost singlehandedly' brought us the turmoil in Libya and could lead us into a nuclear war if Clinton were elected president. source Hillary Loses The Left While Donald Trump has been consolidating his base of support, the opposite appears to be happening for Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton, who seems to be hemorrhaging supporters from her progressive base.Clinton's long-running rift with the progressive left has been a vulnerability for her throughout her campaign — dating back to the Democratic primary.Yet, in the closing days of the 2016 campaign, the rift has been laid bare through a combination of WikiLeaks revelations, a series of high-profile endorsements for Green Party presidential nominee Jill Stein from progressives like Marc Lamont Hill, Cornel West, and Susan Sarandon, as well as polling data that suggests Trump's broad populist messaging is resonating with Democrat-leaning voters.Contrary to the narrative perpetuated by corporate media, many prominent liberals are now expressing their belief that installing Hillary Clinton, a ' corporatist hawk ,' in the White House is ' the true danger ' and would be ' more dangerous ' for progressive values, the well-being of the nation, and the stability of the world than would four years of a Donald Trump presidency. source Trey Gowdy Reaction to James Comey Final Conclusion on New Hillary Emails: 
Geoffrey Grider NTEB is run by end times author and editor-in-chief Geoffrey Grider. Geoffrey runs a successful web design company, and is a full-time minister of the gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ. In addition to running NOW THE END BEGINS, he has a dynamic street preaching outreach and tract ministry team in Saint Augustine, FL. NTEB #TRENDING
ARTICLE

NTEB Ads Privacy Policy As Her Electoral College Numbers Begin To Fall, Crooked HIllary Calls Off Election Night Fireworks The campaign called the Coast Guard last week to tell them the event was off, three days after the New York Post reported it was planning the bash - although the cancellation was secret until Monday. It emerged as fresh projections of the electoral college showed she has lost the iron grip pollsters believed she had on the 270 college votes needed for victory. by Geoffrey Grider November 7, 2016 Hillary Clinton's campaign has called off its planned election night fireworks display, it emerged Monday, the day before America goes to the polls. Staffers were going to put on a two-minute show over the Hudson River after the results come in on Tuesday, but the proposal has been canned, TMZ reported on Monday. The campaign called the Coast Guard last week to tell them the event was off, three days after the New York Post reported it was planning the bash – although the cancellation was secret until Monday. It emerged as fresh projections of the electoral college showed she has lost the iron grip pollsters believed she had on the 270 college votes needed for victory. CNN has moved Ohio, Utah and one district of Maine from toss-up to leaning Republican, and New Hampshire from leaning Democratic to toss-up. That changes the math significantly for Clinton, putting her projected total at 268 and Trump's at 204 – with the rest of the votes to be fought over. 10 Things You Didn't Know About Hillary Clinton: Until now she had been above 270. Fox News has changed its projection too, making Utah and North Carolina toss-ups, rather than leaning towards Clinton, while Arizona and Iowa move to leaning Republican. And a series of other measures pointed to a far tighter race than some pundits had predicted. In Florida, early voting figures obtained by the Drudge Report suggested Trump was doing better than Mitt Romney, and Hillary Clinton was under-performing Barack Obama in 2012. Similarly, Drudge reported that North Carolina had seen Trump exceed early voting expectations. The figures showed Trump behind be 305,000 when Romney was behind by 447,000 – a deficit which he still won the state from. The cancellation of the fireworks emerged three days after FBI director James Comey told Congress his agency was investigating a trove of emails found on the laptop of Anthony Weiner, husband of Clinton aide Huma Abedin. The cancellation was made Thursday – before Comey wrote again to Congress to say that the FBI had not found anything to justify changing its verdict of no charges to the Democrat about her use of a private email server while she was secretary of state. Still, Clinton's campaign suffered collateral damage in the nine days which elapsed between the letters. source 
Geoffrey Grider NTEB is run by end times author and editor-in-chief Geoffrey Grider. Geoffrey runs a successful web design company, and is a full-time minister of the gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ. In addition to running NOW THE END BEGINS, he has a dynamic street preaching outreach and tract ministry team in Saint Augustine, FL. NTEB #TRENDING
ARTICLE

  Hillary Clinton Appears Disoriented And Confused At New York Airport Day Before Presidential Election A few seconds later, her handlers become aware that she's having a Parkinson's freeze moment, and immediately swarm around her pushing the video cameras backwards. But not before video of her is recorded showing she doesn't know what she's supposed to do.   After Hillary Clinton posed for photos with the media covering her, she was confused about whether she needed to board the awaiting plane or get in the motorcade that had just dropped her off. 
Hillary Clinton was at the White Plains, New York airport about to start her day, when she exhibited some startling behavior . It was the very beginning of her day, so presumably she was rested and alert as she prepared to hit the campaign trail. Yet when speaking with the loud mob of reporters, she appeared to speak gibberish mixed in with her sentences, and laughing awkwardly even though nothing funny was being said. Then it got really weird. Shocking Video Footage Of A Confused Hillary Clinton Mumbling Gibberish On Campaign Trail 
As she walks in the direction of her personal campaign plane, she suddenly freezes and is not sure whether she needs to get into the motorcade which had just dropped her off, or board the plane like she was supposed to do. 
A few seconds later , her handlers become aware that she's having another Parkinson's freeze moment , and immediately swarm around her pushing the video cameras backwards. But not before video of her is recorded showing she doesn't know what she's supposed to do. Hillary's Health: More than just a cough 
The cameras capture her saying 'where am I going'? and then 'what am I doing'? before she disappears into the protective huddle of her watchers. 
This stands is very stark contrast to am energized Donald Trump, making nearly a dozen stops in a 24 hour period and speaking for almost an hour wherever he goes. Hillary Clinton barely has the energy to get out of her car, and when she does get out, she has no idea what to do after that. 
This deceitful woman is not only hiding her crimes and scandals , she and her people are also hiding the fact that she is very ill and physically unfit to serve for 4 years as president of the United States. SHARE THIS ARTICLE  
ARTICLE

  JUDGMENT DAY: The One Reason Why Every Christian And Jew In America Should Vote For Donald Trump The Jerusalem Embassy Act of 1995 is a public law of the United States passed by the 104th Congress on October 23, 1995. It was passed for the purposes of initiating and funding the relocation of the Embassy of the United States in Israel from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem.   8, 2016 Jerusalem will be the portal through which God administers His Justice to a depraved world. Jerusalem will be His 'burdensome stone' with which He judges the world. 
'The lot is cast into the lap; but the whole disposing thereof is of the LORD.' Proverbs 16:33 (KJV) 
As Americans who love this country, it is absolutely crystal-clear who we should vote for. Only one candidate's campaign slogan is Make America Great Again, only one candidate says that they will # DrainThe Swamp . I think you get the idea. But you can be a patriotic America and not be a Christian, right? Trump: It's Time To Drain The Swamp In Washington, D.C – Five-Point Plan For Ethics Reform So is the a compelling, overarching reason why a Bible believing Christian should vote for Donald Trump? Yes, there is 
Donald Trump has made as part of his platform a promise to move the American Embassy from its current location in Tel Aviv to its new location in Jerusalem. In fact, it was signed into law in 1995, read this: 
The Jerusalem Embassy Act of 1995 is a public law of the United States passed by the 104th Congress on October 23, 1995. It was passed for the purposes of initiating and funding the relocation of the Embassy of the United States in Israel from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem , no later than May 31, 1999, and attempted to withhold 50 percent of the funds appropriated to the State Department specifically for 'Acquisition and Maintenance of Buildings Abroad' as allocated in fiscal year 1999 until the United States Embassy in Jerusalem had officially opened. The act also called for Jerusalem to remain an undivided city and for it to be recognized as the capital of the State of Israel. Israel's declared capital is Jerusalem, but this is not internationally recognized, pending final status talks in the Israeli–Palestinian conflict . The United States has withheld recognition of the city as Israel's capital. The proposed law was adopted by the Senate (93–5),and the House (374–37). 
Contained in the Jerusalem Embassy Act is a prophecy bombshell , perhaps when you skimmed through it just now you missed so let me break it out for you, ready? 
'…called for Jerusalem to remain an undivided city and for it to be recognized as the capital of the State of Israel. 
Now please pause at this juncture and think about what that means for a Bible believer. Do you know why the Palestinians have, for 20 years, refused to accept the so-called Two State Solution ? Because the Two State Solution does not give Jerusalem to Palestine, it gives it to its rightful owner, Israel. The Battle of Armageddon will be fought over who will gain control of, not just Israel in general, but the rights to Jerusalem in particular! The word 'Jerusalem' appears 811 times in your King James Bible, think that God places a lot of importance on it? 
'Behold, I will make Jerusalem a cup of trembling unto all the people round about, when they shall be in the siege both against Judah and against Jerusalem.' Zechariah 12:2 (KJV) 
God says if you go against His city of Jerusalem that it will mean 'lights out' for you. Jerusalem will be the portal through which God administers His Justice to a depraved world. Jerusalem will be His 'burdensome stone' with which He judges the world. 
'And in that day will I make Jerusalem a burdensome stone for all people: all that burden themselves with it shall be cut in pieces, though all the people of the earth be gathered together against it.' Zechariah 12:3 (KJV) NTEB PRESENTS: Donald Trump, Jerusalem and Bible Prophecy 
We just launched a YouTube channel for Bible teaching and prophecy, and here is our very first video of our radio show on Donald Trump and Jerusalem. Please subscribe to our YouTube channel by clicking here , thank you! 
Bible believers, let's be honest. God is not really so much concerned with any election in any nation so much as He is with His nation of Israel and its capital city of Jerusalem. That's where God's passion is, that's where His heart is. Genesis says that if you want God's blessing, then bless His nation of Israel and bless His chosen people, the Jews. 
'And I will bless them that bless thee, and curse him that curseth thee: and in thee shall all families of the earth be blessed.' Genesis 12:3 (KJV) Christian, do you need a reason from the Bible to vote for Donald Trump? 
I just gave you two, very powerful and very Biblical reasons to vote for Donald Trump. He will move the US Embassy to Jerusalem, and he will love Israel and God will bless us for that. Now, get up, put your 'big boy' and 'big girl' pants on, and go out and vote . 
Not for the 'lesser of two evils' as some erroneously assert, but for the only candidate that will fulfill Bible prophecy   
Donald J. Trump.
ARTICLE

NTEB Ads Privacy Policy To The Hollywood And DC Liberals Who Said They Would Move If Trump Won, Your Train Is Outside Liberal rape hoaxer Lena Dunham told Andy Cohen at the Matrix Awards that 'I know a lot of people have been threatening to do this, but I really will. I know a lovely place in Vancouver.' The star and creator of HBO's 'Girls' has been a vocal advocate for Hillary Clinton, the Democratic nominee. by Geoffrey Grider November 9, 2016 Dozens of celebrities vowed to leave the country if Donald Trump won the White House, saying they'd flee to everywhere from Canada to Jupiter. 
EDITOR'S NOTE: One of the great blessings of Trump's campaign is that he exposed all the fakers, and phonies, pretend Republicans and wealthy, global elites who have been milking this country dry while actively working against it. Now we, the American people, humbly ask you to keep your promised to leave the country if your candidate lost. She did. Now get out. You're with her, right? 
The threat is a common one after any election outcome: Canada's immigration website crashed from heavy traffic as it looked increasingly likely that Donald Trump would win. But after the real estate mogul clinched the presidency in a stunning victory early Wednesday morning, some of those stars will face questions about making good on their promise. 
Here is a list of some of the celebs who claimed they would move out of the U.S. under a Trump administration. Liberal Actors 
Bryan Cranston said he hopes he doesn't have to pack his bags, but would 'definitely move' if Trump won. 'Absolutely, I would definitely move,' the 'Breaking Bad' star said on 'The Bestseller Experiment' podcast. 'It's not real to me that that would happen. I hope to God it won't.' Trump's dominating victory in under 2 minutes and Hillary supporters crying: 
Samuel L. Jackson slammed Trump for running a 'hate'-filled campaign and said he would move to South Africa if he wins. 'If that mother becomes president, I'm moving my black ass to South Africa,' the movie star quipped to Jimmy Kimmel. 
Rape hoaxer Lena Dunham told Andy Cohen at the Matrix Awards that 'I know a lot of people have been threatening to do this, but I really will. I know a lovely place in Vancouver.' The star and creator of HBO's 'Girls' has been a vocal advocate for Hillary Clinton , the Democratic nominee. 
Neve Campbell, an actress on the political drama 'House of Cards,' vowed to move back home to Canada, while 'Orange is the New Black' actress Natasha Lyonne said she would hightail it to a mental hospital. Liberal Singers 
Cher tweeted this summer that if Trump gets elected, 'I'm moving to Jupiter.' 
Miley Cyrus wrote in an emotional Instagram post in March that tears were running down her cheek and she was unbelievably scared and sad. 'I am moving if he is president,' the young pop star said. 'I don't say things I don't mean!' 
Barbara Streisand, a vocal Clinton supporter, told '60 Minutes' that 'I'm either coming to your country if you'll let me in, or Canada.' 
Ne-Yo told TMZ last month that he'd move to Canada and be neighbors with fellow R&B singer Drake if the country elected Donald Trump. Liberal Comedians 
Comedian Amy Schumer said in September that Spain would be her destination of choice. 
'My act will change because I will need to learn to speak Spanish,' Schumer said in an appearance on the BBC's 'Newsnight.' 'Because I will move to Spain or somewhere. It's beyond my comprehension if Donald Trump won. It's just too crazy.' 
Chelsea Handler said she already made contingency plans months ago. 
'I did buy a house in another country just in case,' the comedian and talk show host said during an appearance on 'Live with Kelly and Michael' in May. 'So all these people that threaten to leave the country and then don't — I actually will leave that country.' Former 'Daily Show' host Jon Stewart said he would consider 'getting in a rocket and going to another planet, because clearly this planet's gone bonkers' if the real estate mogul wins. 
Whoopi Goldberg, co-host of the 'The View', said on an episode of the talk show earlier this year that if the country elects Trump, 'maybe it's time for me to move, you know. I can afford to go.' Keegan-Michael Key said he would flee north to Canada. 'It's like, 10 minutes from Detroit,' the comedian told TMZ in January. 'That's where I'm from; my mom lives there. It'd make her happy too.' 
Hispanic comedian George Lopez said Trump 'won't have to worry about immigration' if he takes the White House because 'we'll all go back.' Liberal Political Figures 
Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg joked in an interview with The New York Times in July that it'd be time to move to New Zealand if Trump were to win. 
'Now it's time for us to move to New Zealand,' she said quoting her husband who died in 2010. 'I can't imagine what the country would be with Donald Trump as our president. For the country, it could be four years. For the court, it could be — I don't even want to contemplate that.' 
Ginsburg later apologized for her comments, calling them 'ill-advised.' 
Civil rights activist Al Sharpton told a reporter earlier this year that he's 'reserving my ticket out of here if Donald Trump wins.' source 
Geoffrey Grider NTEB is run by end times author and editor-in-chief Geoffrey Grider. Geoffrey runs a successful web design company, and is a full-time minister of the gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ. In addition to running NOW THE END BEGINS, he has a dynamic street preaching outreach and tract ministry team in Saint Augustine, FL. NTEB #TRENDING
ARTICLE

  Netanyahu Calls Trump 'True Friend Of Israel', Likud Party Pols Call For U.S. Embassy Move To Jerusalem Politicians from Netanyahu's Likud party called for Trump to follow through on his promise to move the US embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem, in a break with the policies of previous Republican and Democrat administrations   9, 2016 Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu congratulated Donald Trump on his election as US president on Wednesday and called him 'a true friend of the state of Israel'. 'For if thou altogether holdest thy peace at this time, then shall there enlargement and deliverance arise to the Jews from another place; but thou and thy father's house shall be destroyed: and who knoweth whether thou art come to the kingdom for such a time as this?' Esther 4:14 (KJV) EDITOR'S NOTE: So where is the Bible in all this excitement surrounding this election? It's right here – Jerusalem. God showed me well over a year ago that Donald Trump was 'His man' for the White House for one reason, and one reason only. Because Donald Trump will move the US Embassy to Israel , an act which will declare Jerusalem as the capital of Israel, that will usher in an amazing time of fulfillment of prophecy on a scale that we have never seen. 'I look forward to working with him to advance security, stability and peace in our region,' Israeli leader Netanyahu said in a statement. He went on: 'The ironclad bond between the United States and Israel is rooted in shared values, buttressed by shared interests and driven by a shared destiny. PM Netanyahu Congratulates US President-Elect Donald Trump: 'I am confident that president-elect Trump and I will continue to strengthen the unique alliance between our two countries and bring it to ever greater heights.' Netanyahu avoided controversial topics in his statement, unlike members of his government. Education Minister Naftali Bennett , who heads the hardline Jewish Home party , said Trump's victory eradicated the idea of a Palestinian state. He said the unprecedented win was an 'opportunity for Israel to immediately retract the notion of a Palestinian state in the centre of the country, which would hurt our security and just cause'. For such a time as this: The day I heard Donald Trump say that he will 'move the US Embassy to Jerusalem as president', the Lord tapped me on the shoulder and said 'pay attention to that guy'. Glad I did. Listen to this 2-hour radio program on how Bible propehcy will likely be fulfilled. Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas said that he hopes 'peace will be achieved' during Trump's term. Politicians from Netanyahu's Likud party called for Trump to follow through on his promise to move the US embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem, in a break with the policies of previous Republican and Democrat administrations.  
ARTICLE

  RESET: Vladimir Putin Says That Russia Is Ready To Do It's Part To Rebuild Ties With America Under Trump Vladimir Putin earlier became one of the first world leaders to congratulate Trump via a telegram for his surprise triumph over Hillary Clinton.   Russian President Vladimir Putin on Wednesday said Moscow is ready to contribute to rebuilding relations with the United States with Donald Trump as president. EDITOR'S NOTE: Since Hillary Clinton's and Barack Obama's failed 'Russian Reset' back in 2009, international relations between Russia and the United States have been a chilly 5 or 6 degrees above freezing. For the past year and a half, Russia and America have not talked at all, with Russia assuming power in the Middle East in Syria. Just hours after Donald Trump's historic Electoral College landslide, Vladimir Putin has extended the olive branch of friendship and it could not have come at a better time. 'We have heard the pre-election statements by then-candidate Trump, which were directed at rebuilding relations between Russia and the US,' Putin said during a speech before several ambassadors in the Kremlin. 'We understand that this will not be an easy path considering the unfortunate degradation of relations,' he said. 'But Russia is ready and wants to restore full-fledged relations with the US.''We are ready to do our part and do everything to return (US-Russian) relations to the trajectory of development,' he said. 'This would be in the interest of Russian and American people and would positively affect the general climate in international relations, considering the special responsibility of Russia and the US for ensuring global stability and security.' Remember this unqualified disaster? 
Secretary of State Hillary Clinton spearheaded the disastrous 'Russian Reset' back in March of 2009 which only served to further damage relations with Russia. They couldn't even spell the words on the thing properly. With reporters looking on, Clinton met Lavrov and handed him a gift – a green box tied in green ribbon. He unwrapped it to reveal a ' reset button ' a lighthearted reminder of Vice President Joe Biden's recent remark that the administration of US President Barack Obama is hitting the reset button with Russia after years of friction during the Bush administration. The trouble was , the Russian-language label the Americans put on top of the button had the wrong word. Before she realised the mistake, Clinton assured Lavrov her staff had 'worked hard' to get it right. Was it right? she inquired with a smile. 'You got it wrong,' Lavrov responded, also smiling. He said the word the Americans chose –'peregruzka'– meant 'overloaded' or 'overcharged' rather than 'reset'. Clinton quickly retorted with: 'well, we won't let you do that to us, I promise'. It was an embarrassment for the United States, to say the very least. Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov wants people to stop asking him about the failed 'reset' with Russia because he says 'it was the invention of Hillary Clinton and Obama administration.' Putin earlier became one of the first world leaders to congratulate Trump via a telegram for his surprise triumph over Hillary Clinton. Putin has tacitly supported Trump during the campaign, while Trump repeatedly flattered and praised the Russian leader and said he was willing to work with him. Russia's parliament on Wednesday broke into applause upon learning of Trump's win, and Russian markets climbed up, against the global slump on the news. source SHARE THIS ARTICLE  
ARTICLE

  Donald Trump Wins The Presidency In Historic Mandate Victory As Hillary Clinton Concedes Reaction to the prospect of a Trump presidency rippled across the globe, with financial markets abroad falling as American television networks raised the prospect that Mrs. Clinton might lose. Asian markets were trading sharply lower, down around two percentage points, and in the United States, Dow Jones futures were down as much as 600 points in after-hours trading.   The American people have voted, Donald Trump is president, and the world is in shock 
'And he changeth the times and the seasons: he removeth kings, and setteth up kings: he giveth wisdom unto the wise, and knowledge to them that know understanding:' Daniel 2:21 (KJV) Tonight. the God of Abraham, Isaac and Jacob spoke quite loudly. Change like this country has never seen, like the world has never seen, has arrived at our doorstep. President Trump has been elected leader of the free world . People, you better buckle up because things are about to become unglued. For well over a year now, we here at NTEB have been telling you that Donald Trump is God's man for the White House, and that Bible prophecy would be fulfilled in the process. Two very eye-opening articles you need to read are The Real Reason Why Donald Trump Was Chosen To Be The Republican Candidate For President and Why A Bible Believer Is Supporting Donald Trump For President Of The United States . I wrote those articles on May 4 and February 13, respectively. Are YOU ready for what comes next? The liberal news media certainly does not seem to be ready, in fact, they seem to be in quite the state of shock as you can see below. The NYT declared just after 11:30 p.m, Donald Trump was declared the victor in Florida , earning him the state's 29 electoral votes and giving him a more certain grip on the presidential contest with Mrs. Clinton. How the world is reacting to Trump's victory: Reaction to the prospect of a Trump presidency rippled across the globe , with financial markets abroad falling as American television networks raised the prospect that Mrs. Clinton might lose. Asian markets were trading sharply lower, down around two percentage points, and in the United States, Dow Jones futures were down as much as 600 points in after-hours trading. CNN: This Sea of Red Has Got to Make You Feel Better Fox News projects: Donald Trump wins FL, Clinton wins CA Chris Wallace: Trump could be our next president Donald Trump wins Florida, CNN projects: 
Get ready for momentous change like this country has never seen, and while you do that, get ready for the fulfillment of Bible prophecy. 
Because it's coming…  
ARTICLE

  AMERICA CELEBRATES: Stock Market Average Sets New Record For Businessman President Trump 'It's a relief rally over the certainty of the outcome of the election and after the conciliatory tone that Trump took,' said Nick Skiming, a fund manager at Jersey, Channel Islands-based Ashburton Ltd. His firm oversees $10 billion. 'There's hope that a new president can introduce reforms that will enable corporate America to move forward.'   10, 2016 The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose to an all-time high as U.S. stocks added to a rally sparked by speculation Donald Trump's policies will benefit businesses, with banks surging to the highest level since May 2008. 
The Dow rose 163.30 points, or 0.9 percent, to 18,752.99 at 9:45 a.m. in New York, taking it above its Aug. 15 record . The S&P 500 Index advanced 0.9 percent to 2,181.50, within 0.4 percent of a record. 
Banks surged 3.7 percent pushing the two-day advance to 8 percent. JPMorgan Chase & Co. jumped 4.9 percent, while Goldman Sachs Group Inc. climbed 2.9 percent. Drugmakers advanced, led by Pfizer Inc.'s 3.1 percent rally. Industrial shares rose 1.6 percent, with Boeing Co. adding 2.7 percent. 
The three industries have paced the rally since Trump's surprise win on Tuesday, surging on expectations that the president-elect and Republican-controlled Congress will roll back regulations and boost infrastructure spending. Trump's promise to revive American infrastructure means commodities used to build everything from airports to bridges will benefit under his presidency, according to Goldman Sachs Group Inc. 
'It's a relief rally over the certainty of the outcome of the election and after the conciliatory tone that Trump took,' said Nick Skiming, a fund manager at Jersey, Channel Islands-based Ashburton Ltd. His firm oversees $10 billion. 'There's hope that a new president can introduce reforms that will enable corporate America to move forward.' SHARE THIS ARTICLE  
ARTICLE

NTEB Ads Privacy Policy PLAY BALL! Both Mexico And Canada Say They're Willing To Redo NAFTA With President Donald Trump Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said Thursday he is willing to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA), which US President-elect Donald Trump has said he wants to change or scrap. by Geoffrey Grider November 10, 2016 How refreshing is it to have a president who actually wants America to succeed Donald Trump criticized the North American Free Trade Agreement as a U.S. job killer, saying he would be willing to scrap the pact if Canada and Mexico were unwilling to budge. But lo and behold, guess what? Turns out no threats needed as both Mexico and Canada are voluntarily coming to the table right now. Ahh, this is the America I know and love so much. Strong, compassionate and putting America and it's people first. Thank you, president Trump, what an awesome 4 years it's going to be. Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said Thursday he is willing to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA), which US President-elect Donald Trump has said he wants to change or scrap. During the campaign, Trump called NAFTA the worst trade deal the United States has ever signed, while proposing protectionist measures to repatriate American jobs lost to free trade. Donald Trump's 7-point trade plan: No TPP, renegotiate NAFTA: 
Watch this video and see one of the many reasons Americans overwhelmingly chose Donald Trump to lead our nation. 'I think it's important that we be open to talking about trade deals,' Trudeau — a fierce defender of free trade, which helps bolster the Canadian economy — told reporters. 'If the Americans want to talk about NAFTA, I'm more than happy to talk about it,' he said, adding that it was important to periodically reassess trade deals to ensure that they continue to be of benefit to Canadians. Trump wants to rip apart NAFTA: 
Watch this video and see one of the many reasons Americans overwhelmingly chose Donald Trump to lead our nation. 
Mexico is willing to 'modernize' the North American Free Trade Agreement with U.S. President-elect Donald Trump's incoming administration and Canada, but will not renegotiate the pact, the foreign minister said. 
Foreign Minister Claudia Ruiz Massieu said NAFTA has 'yielded great results' for the three nations, but that there is an opportunity to make it 'more beneficial' to all. 
'We are willing to talk about this with the new government and with Canada as well,' Ruiz Massieu told CNN late Wednesday . SHARE THIS ARTICLE Geoffrey Grider NTEB is run by end times author and editor-in-chief Geoffrey Grider. Geoffrey runs a successful web design company, and is a full-time minister of the gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ. In addition to running NOW THE END BEGINS, he has a dynamic street preaching outreach and tract ministry team in Saint Augustine, FL. NTEB #TRENDING
ARTICLE

NTEB Ads Privacy Policy The Republican Party Finally Set Free From The Grip Of The Bush Crime Family And Other Phonies To the Bush Crime Family, Colin Powell, William Kristol, and all the other phony Republicans who were exposed, you will not be welcome in the new America under President Donald Trump. You are fakes, frauds, phonies and criminals. Now that you're out, stay out and don't come back. by Geoffrey Grider November 10, 2016 Donald Trump single-handedly took down the entire corrupt wing of the Republican Party 
Donald Trump's run for the presidency over the past year and a half revealed some amazing things, it flushed out the rats that had hijacked the Republican Party like the Bush Crime Family and others. While George W. Bush declared that he and his wife Laura ' would not be voting in this election ', his father George H.W. Bush actually voted for Crooked Hillary Clinton . (If you'd like a cheat sheet of the rest of the Republirats who jumped ship, click here .) 
Why did many of the pretend Republicans not vote for Donald Trump? Because they are part of the New World Order elite globalists, and they could not possibly support Trump's America First agenda. The Bush Crime Family, after 28 years of corrupting the GOP, was finally exposed to the sunlight and what an ugly sight it was. For more information on this topic,please read NTEB's The Top 5 Conspiracy Theories That Were Proven To Be True Because Donald Trump Ran For President . If you are just hearing about this for the first time, it will be an eye-opener. 
The GOP is frequently referred to as the 'party of Reagan' , but that's not really a true statement. It used to be the party of Ronald Reagan after the 1980 revolution , but shortly after Reagan's term ended it was hijacked by the Bush Crime family. For over twenty years now, the Republican Party has been a festering witches cabal of New World Order elites and Bohemian Grove acolytes. The Bush Crime Family – Three Generations of Treason 
The November 1989 edition of SPY magazine featured photos of Bohemian Grove men dancing around dressed up as women . The article included artist renditions of the Moloch idol and discussed how they bus in male prostitutes and how AIDS is a big problem. In July of 2004, a New York Post article reported how a top gay-porn star, Chad Savage, serviced the moguls at the Bohemian Grove. Bigwigs who have attended the two-week retreat include George H.W. Bush , Dick Cheney, Alan Greenspan, Walter Cronkite, Alexander Haig, Jack Kemp, Henry Kissinger , Colin Powell , John Major, William F. Buckley, Justin Dart, William Randolph Hearst, Jr., Caspar Weinberger, Charles Percy, George Schultz, Edward Teller, and former C.I.A. director William Casey. A Brief History Of Molech, the Owl, the Bushes and the Bohemian Grove: 
The corrupt liberal media all said in lockstep that Donald Trump will ' destroy the Republican party ', but it was only a half-true statement. All the people who defected when Trump was nominated were people who needed to be expunged from the Grand Old Party of Lincoln and Reagan. 
To the Bush Crime Family , Colin Powell , William Kristol , and all the other phony Republicans who were exposed, you will not be welcome in the new America under President Donald Trump. You are fakes, frauds, phonies and criminals. 
Now that you're out, stay out and don't come back. 
Geoffrey Grider NTEB is run by end times author and editor-in-chief Geoffrey Grider. Geoffrey runs a successful web design company, and is a full-time minister of the gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ. In addition to running NOW THE END BEGINS, he has a dynamic street preaching outreach and tract ministry team in Saint Augustine, FL. NTEB #TRENDING
ARTICLE

  500,000 People Sign Petition Asking Electoral College to Pick Clinton as President Instead of Trump The petition, launched on Wednesday after Donald Trump was elected President, calls for the Electoral College to 'ignore their states' votes and cast their ballots for Secretary Clinton.' Although Trump won over the 270 necessary electoral votes to secure the Presidency, Clinton narrowly earned the nation's popular vote.   11, 2016 A petition on Change.org calling for the Electoral College to elect Hillary Clinton as President has earned over half of the signatures needed for it to be sent to the governing body. EDITOR'S NOTE: As stupid as this seems on the surface, at this point, I am not taking anything for granted. Donald Trump voters across America need to be made aware of this, and even now be working against it. Remember that with the Clintons, it's never over. Ever. And as Christopher Stevens and Vince Foster will tell you, these people will stop at nothing. And please be forewarned, while this petition strategy is far-fetched, it is not impossible. The petition , launched on Wednesday after Donald Trump was elected President, calls for the Electoral College to 'ignore their states' votes and cast their ballots for Secretary Clinton.' Although Trump won over the 270 necessary electoral votes to secure the Presidency, Clinton narrowly earned the nation's popular vote . The Electoral College – which was first introduced in 1804 – is comprised of 538 electors. Each state's number of electors is decided by its number of members in Congress, which is dependent on the state's population. So, when American citizens cast their ballots, they aren't directly voting for president – they're voting for electors. This year, Trump took 279, to Clinton's 228. Petition circulates for Clinton presidency: Most states use a 'winner-take-all' system when it comes to electoral votes, although there is no Constitutional provision or federal law that requires electors to vote a certain way. Twenty-six states and Washington, D.C., do, however, 'bind' their electors to vote for the promised candidate on Dec. 19 – in this case, Trump. In many cases, 'faithless electors' are forced to pay a fine if they vote against the popular choice. Understanding what a 'Faithless Elector' is: 
In order for Hillary's supporters to be successful, they will need to sway a significant number of the Electoral College to become 'faithless electors'. This video will make it clear what exactly that is and how the process works. Maine and Nebraska follow a different method , called the congressional district method, which allots two electoral votes to the popular vote winner, and additional votes for each congressional district won by the candidates. Crying Hillary Voters Compilation: Faithless electors have not ever reversed the presidency. The Change.org petition, which was at over 500,000 signatures on Thursday afternoon, said that Clinton supporters would be happy to pay any fees accrued by those who choose to be faithless electors. 'Mr. Trump is unfit to serve,' the petition claimed. 'His scapegoating of so many Americans, and his impulsivity, bullying, lying, admitted history of sexual assault, and utter lack of experience make him a danger to the Republic. Secretary Clinton WON THE POPULAR VOTE and should be President.' source  
ARTICLE

  SORE LOSER: George Soros Declares War On America As Violent MoveOn.Org Protests Fill The Streets Hillary Clinton supporters were filmed setting fire to the US flag while marching through the streets of Portland, Oregon. Footage also emerged of activists setting tyres and rubbish bins on fire, blocking main roads and lighting flares. People also burned an effigy of the President-elect, who will be officially sworn into office in January.   10, 2016 As Donald Trump totally destroyed the Hillary Clinton political machine, George Soros radical pro-amnesty liberals started riots in California. 
EDITOR'S NOTE: Former teenage Nazi George Soros spent tens of millions of his ill-gotten gain to try and stop Donald Trump from winning, but to no avail. His handpicked puppet Crooked Hillary was roundly rejected by the American people. So naturally, if you're George Soros, the only thing left to do is pay unemployed liberals and leftists to march in the streets, spouting filthy curses while burning the American flag. 
Crowds of angry protesters have taken to streets across the United States chanting ' Not Our President ' while setting fires and smashing windows. Hundreds of people descended on California minutes after it was announced that Donald Trump had won the election . George Soros Leftists burn American flag: 
GRAPHIC WARNING: As is usual with George Soros people, there is foul language in this video. 
Hillary Clinton supporters were filmed setting fire to the US flag while marching through the streets of Portland, Oregon, shouting 'F*** Donald Trump'. Footage also emerged of activists setting tyres and rubbish bins on fire, blocking main roads and lighting flares. People also burned an effigy of the President-elect, who will be officially sworn into office in January. Hillary supporters burn US flag after Trump wins presidency: 
GRAPHIC WARNING: As is usual with George Soros people, there is foul language in this video. MoveOn.org released the following press release Wednesday afternoon: 
Americans to Come Together in Hundreds Peaceful Gatherings of Solidarity, Resistance, and Resolve Following Election Results Hundreds of Americans, dozens of organizations to gather peacefully outside the White House and in cities and towns nationwide to take a continued stand against misogyny, racism, Islamophobia, and xenophobia. Tonight, thousands of Americans will come together at hundreds of peaceful gatherings in cities and towns across the nation, including outside the White House, following the results of Tuesday's presidential election. The gatherings – organized by MoveOn.org and allies – will affirm a continued rejection of Donald Trump's bigotry, xenophobia, Islamophobia, and misogyny and demonstrate our resolve to fight together for the America we still believe is possible. Within two hours of the call-to-action, MoveOn members had created more than 200 gatherings nationwide, with the number continuing to grow on Wednesday afternoon. WHAT: Hundreds of peaceful gatherings of solidarity, resistance, and resolve nationwide WHEN / WHERE: Find local gatherings here . Major gatherings include in New York City's Columbus Circle and outside the White House in Washington, DC . RSVP: Please email press@moveon.org to confirm attendance. 'This is a disaster. We fought our hearts out to avert this reality. But now it's here,' MoveOn.org staff wrote to members on Wednesday. 'The new president-elect and many of his most prominent supporters have targeted, demeaned, and threatened millions of us—and millions of our friends, family, and loved ones. Both chambers of Congress remain in Republican hands. We are entering an era of profound and unprecedented challenge, a time of danger for our communities and our country. In this moment, we have to take care of ourselves, our families, and our friends—especially those of us who are on the front lines facing hate, including Latinos, women, immigrants, refugees, Black people, Muslims, LGBT Americans, and so many others. And we need to make it clear that we will continue to stand together.' source  
ARTICLE

  CLINTON CASH 3.0: Chelsea Clinton Being Groomed To Buy Seat In Congress By NWO Handlers While Chelsea Clinton currently lives, and is registered to vote, in Manhattan, she could easily make Chappaqua her legal residence in order to run for Lowey's seat when it becomes vacant.   11, 2016 While some pundits are declaring the Clinton political dynasty dead, sources tell us that it is far from over. Chelsea Clinton is being groomed for the New York seat held by Rep. Nita Lowey. 
Chelsea Clinton could run for the seat in NYC's 17th Congressional District once Lowey, a respected, 79-year-old career politician with nearly 30 years in office, decides to retire, we have exclusively learned. 
Lowey's district includes parts of Rockland and Westchester counties and, conveniently, Chappaqua, the Clinton family home base. Continuing the Clinton Crime Brand: 
If you thought for one, fleeting second that the Clintons would just somehow walk away after Crooked Hillary's rejection by the American people, think again. There are many more billions to be made, and many more state favors to sell and trade. So the baton gets passed to Chelsea. Congresswoman Chelsea Clinton. Thanks for the Congressional seat, mom and dad! 
In August, Hillary and Bill Clinton purchased a home next door to their primary residence in Chappaqua for $1.16 million, which is intended for Chelsea, her husband, Marc Mezvinsky, and their two children, Charlotte and Aidan. While Chelsea currently lives, and is registered to vote, in Manhattan, she could easily make Chappaqua her legal residence in order to run for Lowey's seat when it becomes vacant. 
A source told us , 'While it is true the Clintons need some time to regroup after Hillary's crushing loss , they will not give up. Chelsea would be the next extension of the Clinton brand. In the past few years, she has taken a very visible role in the Clinton Foundation and on the campaign trail. While politics isn't the life Hillary wanted for Chelsea, she chose to go on the campaign trail for her mother and has turned out to be very poised, articulate and comfortable with the visibility.' 
The source continued, 'There has been a lot of speculation within New York Democratic circles about Lowey's retirement and Chelsea running for the seat. There is a belief that Chappaqua is a logical place for Chelsea to run, because it would be straightforward for her to raise money and build a powerful base.' 
A spokesperson for Lowey — who is serving her 14th term in Congress and was first elected to the House of Representatives in 1988 — declined to comment. A spokesperson for Chelsea didn't get back to us. source SHARE THIS ARTICLE  
ARTICLE

NTEB Ads Privacy Policy TRUMPED: After Deceiving The American People, The New York Times Vows To Start 'Reporting Honestly' New York Post columnist and former New York Times reporter Michael Goodwin wrote, "because it the New York Times demonized Trump from start to finish, it failed to realize he was onto something. And because the paper decided that Trump's supporters were a rabble of racist rednecks and homophobes, it didn't have a clue about what was happening in the lives of the Americans who elected the new president. by Geoffrey Grider November 12, 2016 The publisher of The New York Times penned a letter to readers Friday promising that the paper would 'reflect' on its coverage of this year's election while rededicating itself to reporting on 'America and the world' honestly. 
EDITOR'S NOTE: After getting their head handed to them by Donald Trump , the corrupt liberal media has come to a cold, hard, financially-motivated reality, and that is this. They have realized they can no longer continue to lie to to the American people, and that the crap they peddle will no longer be accepted. There is great satisfaction in watching them now, with their cover blown, squirming like the weasels they truly are. Thank you, president-elect Trump. 
Arthur O. Sulzberger Jr. , the paper's embattled publisher, appealed to Times readers for their continued support. 
'We cannot deliver the independent, original journalism for which we are known without the loyalty of our subscribers,' the letter states. Morning Joe Calls Out WAPO & NYT For Cheerleading NOT Reporting: 
New York Post columnist and former Times reporter Michael Goodwin wrote , 'because it the New York Times demonized Trump from start to finish, it failed to realize he was onto something. And because the paper decided that Trump's supporters were a rabble of racist rednecks and homophobes, it didn't have a clue about what was happening in the lives of the Americans who elected the new president. Letter to NYT readers from Arthur Sulzberger Jr. and Dean Baquet pic.twitter.com/jORqzx3BA9 
— Sydney Ember (@melbournecoal) November 11, 2016 
Sulzbergers letter was released after the paper's public editor , Liz Spayd, took the paper to task for its election coverage. She pointed out how its polling feature Upshot gave Hillary Clinton an 84 percent chance as voters went to the polls. She compared stories that the paper ran about President-elect Donald Trump and Clinton, where the paper made Clinton look functional and organized and the Trump discombobulated. 
Spayd wrote, 'Readers are sending letters of complaint at a rapid rate. Here's one that summed up the feelings succinctly, from Kathleen Casey of Houston: 'Now, that the world has been upended and you are all, to a person, in a state of surprise and shock, you may want to consider whether you should change your focus from telling the reader what and how to think, and instead devote yourselves to finding out what the reader (and non-readers) actually think.' The NYT would do well to plant some roots in Red America https://t.co/HDd4SFJqtq 
— Liz Spayd (@spaydl) November 9, 2016 She wrote about another reader who asked that the paper should focus on the electorate instead of 'pushing the limited agenda of your editors.' 
'Please come down from your New York City skyscraper and join the rest of us.' 
Sulzberger—who insisted that the paper covered both candidates fairly– also sent a note to staffers on Friday reminding the newsroom to 'give the news impartially, without fear or favor.' 
'But we also approach the incoming Trump administration without bias,' he said. source 
Geoffrey Grider NTEB is run by end times author and editor-in-chief Geoffrey Grider. Geoffrey runs a successful web design company, and is a full-time minister of the gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ. In addition to running NOW THE END BEGINS, he has a dynamic street preaching outreach and tract ministry team in Saint Augustine, FL. NTEB #TRENDING
ARTICLE

NTEB Ads Privacy Policy LET THE HEATHEN RAGE: Anti-Trump Protesters Reveal Their Hatred Towards America And Liberty Anti-Trump Demonstrators with signs reading "Not my president!" clogged streets in New York City on Saturday during a fourth day of anti-Trump protests nationwide, a day after a person was shot during a protest in Portland, Oregon. by Geoffrey Grider November 13, 2016 These anti-Trump protesters that are clogging city streets at this very moment hate America, hate what this nation stands for, and seek to destroy it and us 
'Why do the heathen rage, and the people imagine a vain thing?' Psalm 2:1 (KJV) 
After being denied victory on Election Night , the anti-Trump liberal Democrats, in cities across America, have decided that they best way they can show their 'love' for Americans and freedom is by working to destroy both them and it. In so doing, they have revealed their true nature. They are not just upset over losing, they have decided that if they cannot rule no one will. That is the spirit of Antichrist. 
Demonstrators with signs reading 'Not my president!' clogged streets in New York City on Saturday during a fourth day of anti-Trump protests nationwide, a day after a person was shot during a protest in Portland, Oregon. Can You IDME? Riot Vandalism & Assault Suspect https://t.co/QJ4kiAHyzd #CanYouIDME pic.twitter.com/zBQBkuxzxW 
— Portland Police (@PortlandPolice) November 12, 2016 
Two 18-year-old men detained early Saturday were arrested later in the day in connection to the shooting on Portland's Morrison Bridge, which occurred after 1 a.m. local time (4 a.m. ET) Saturday, police said. It was unclear whether the shooting was politically motivated. 
'Preliminary information indicates that a suspect was in a vehicle on the bridge and there was a confrontation with someone in the protest,' Portland police said in a statement. 'The suspect got out of the vehicle and fired multiple shots injuring the victim.' The victim is expected to survive, police said. 'We are the popular vote' chant protesters. @msnbc pic.twitter.com/AmDyCTIfCz 
— Morgan Radford (@MorganRadford) November 12, 2016 
Now, in the interest of full disclosure , when the Kenyan-born and Muslim-raised Barack Hussein Obama was elected, I declared he would 'never be my president'. And for the entire time of his presidency I wrote over 1,300 articles exposing him and his Marxist plan for America. Let this website be my witness to that. This is how I exercised my Constitutional right to free speech. But at no time did I ever protest in the streets, ever threaten another human being, and I never used the global platform of NTEB to ever call for physical violence of any kind ever. 
Why not? 
Because though I despised the anti-American president Obama, I still loved America and the ideals she stood for. I saw myself as a patriot in exile, but still teared up every time I heard the National Anthem or read about a soldier's heroic sacrifice on a foreign battlefield. These anti-Trump protesters that are clogging city streets at this very moment hate America, hate what this nation stands for, and seek to destroy it and us. They preach 'love' while they shoot innocent people in the streets, they demand 'tolerance' while offering none. They accuse Trump of having a 'dark vision' for America while carrying out despotic deeds of darkness no Trump supporter would ever even dream of. Whitney Houston – Star Spangled Banner 
The United States Constitution allows you to burn the flag if that is how you choose to express yourself, and I accept that. But if that is how you choose to express yourself, you reveal your true nature and spirit. You who are now rioting in the street by permission of the very country you hold in contempt are depraved in both mind and spirit. You are not 'protesting Donald Trump', you are seeking to hurt, to maim and to destroy. That's satanic. You are nothing more than a herpes blister on the beautiful mouth of Lady Liberty . 
Now please, before someone gets killed , get in an orderly line and move north to Canada like you promised you would. 
It's time to make America great again , and we don't need you to do it. 
Geoffrey Grider NTEB is run by end times author and editor-in-chief Geoffrey Grider. Geoffrey runs a successful web design company, and is a full-time minister of the gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ. In addition to running NOW THE END BEGINS, he has a dynamic street preaching outreach and tract ministry team in Saint Augustine, FL. NTEB #TRENDING
ARTICLE

NTEB Ads Privacy Policy PREPARE FOR 2018: Donald Trump Landslide Victory Will Usher In The Coming Global Shaking Well over a year ago, I told you that Donald Trump was God's man for the White House, and that a landslide win would usher in a time of "global shaking". People laughed when I said and wrote about that. Here we are now 4 days after the unprecedented and historic upset Trump win, and the laughter has completely stopped. Please take note, the shaking has begun. by Geoffrey Grider November 13, 2016 Join us as we apply Paul's command found in 2 Timothy 2:15 to 'rightly divide' our Bible and put everything in it's proper perspective and place. 
'And I will shake all nations, and the desire of all nations shall come: and I will fill this house with glory, saith the LORD of hosts.' Haggai 2:7 (KJV) 
CLICK HERE TO LISTEN LIVE when the show starts Sunday night at 9:00PM EST! 
Well over a year ago, I told you that Donald Trump was God's man for the White House , and that a landslide win would usher in a time of 'global shaking'. People laughed when I said and wrote about that. Here we are now 4 days after the unprecedented and historic upset Trump win, and the laughter has completely stopped. Please note, the shaking has begun. CLICK IMAGE SUNDAY NIGHT AT 9:00 PM EST TO LISTEN LIVE TO THIS BIBLE STUDY 
On this episode of Rightly Dividing , we look at the not just the amazing victory of Donald Trump, but what it will mean from a prophetic perspective when president-elect Donald J. Trump keeps his promise to move the US Embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem. All Hell is going to break loose – literally. It will be just in time for the 70th anniversary of Israel being back in the land. But first, the Rapture of the Church . Are YOU ready for what comes next? 
CLICK HERE TO LISTEN LIVE when the show starts Sunday night at 9:00PM EST! SHARE THIS ARTICLE Geoffrey Grider NTEB is run by end times author and editor-in-chief Geoffrey Grider. Geoffrey runs a successful web design company, and is a full-time minister of the gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ. In addition to running NOW THE END BEGINS, he has a dynamic street preaching outreach and tract ministry team in Saint Augustine, FL. NTEB #TRENDING
ARTICLE

  Palestinian UN Envoy Threatens Donald Trump If He Keeps Promise To Move Embassy To Jerusalem The Palestinian ambassador to the UN on Friday warned President-elect Donald Trump that if he dares to move the U.S. embassy to Jerusalem, the Palestinians would 'make life miserable' for the United States at the United Nations.   14, 2016 The Palestinian ambassador to the UN on Friday warned President-elect Donald Trump that if he dares to move the U.S. embassy to Jerusalem, the Palestinians would 'make life miserable' for the United States at the United Nations. 
'Behold, I will make Jerusalem a cup of trembling unto all the people round about, when they shall be in the siege both against Judah and against Jerusalem.' Zechariah 12:2 (KJV) 
EDITOR'S NOTE: Donald Trump's campaign promise to move the US Embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem is t he whole reason why I supported him in the first place. From a Bible prophecy perspective the implications and ramifications of such a move are off the charts. We warned from the very start that this move could easily trigger the Psalm 83 War. And right on cue, here comes the Palestinians protesting it already. Things are about to get very, very interesting…to say the least. 
'If people attack us by moving the embassy to Jerusalem, which is a violation of Security Council resolutions, it is a violation of Resolution 181 of the UN general assembly that was drafted by the U.S. … it means they are showing belligerency towards us. … If they do that nobody should blame us for unleashing all of the weapons that we have in the UN to defend ourselves and we have a lot of weapons in the UN,' Riyad Mansour said . 
Mansour conceded that such a move could not be passed as a Security Council resolution because of the U.S. veto. Nevertheless, he warned Trump, 'Maybe I can't have resolutions in the Security Council but I can make their lives miserable everyday with precipitating a veto on my admission as a member state.' 
Mansour warned that he would 'reopen the whole Pandora's Box' of verdicts in the International Criminal Court of Justice on the issue of Israel's security fence and the settlements. 
He added that 'it is illegal to defy Security Council resolutions that the U.S. is party to that the unilateral action by Israel annexing East Jerusalem is illegal and it is null and void. If the U.S. administration wants to defy international law they are doing something illegal.'  
ARTICLE

NTEB Ads Privacy Policy Twitter Allows Sick And Disgusting Liberal Tweets Of 'Assassinate Trump' And 'Rape Melania' 'So who's going to assassinate Trump at his inauguration?' one Twitter user demanded to know. Outside the Trump International Hotel in Washington, D.C., a protester held up a sign saying 'RAPE MELANIA,' which went viral. by Geoffrey Grider November 14, 2016 Social media giant Twitter allowed the violent threat 'Rape Melania' against incoming First Lady Melania Trump to trend after the site exploded with assassination threats against President-elect Donald Trump. 
'Likewise also these filthy dreamers defile the flesh, despise dominion, and speak evil of dignities. But these speak evil of those things which they know not: but what they know naturally, as brute beasts, in those things they corrupt themselves.' Jude 1:8,10 (KJV) 
EDITOR'S NOTE: When they were postive that Hillary would win, they practically tripped over themselves spouting 'peace, love and tolerance'. They shouted ' when they go low, we go high ' from the mountain tops 24 hours per day. Now that they've lost the election, their rallying cry has shifted to calls for rape and assassination of the First Lady and President-Elect Trumps. Kinda curious how Michelle and Barack Obama have been silent on condemning the protesters. 
Outside the Trump International Hotel in Washington, D.C., a protester held up a sign saying 'RAPE MELANIA,' which went viral. DC Protestor 'Rape Melania' pic.twitter.com/US2OLTyBDF 
The trend later disappeared Sunday afternoon after many tweeted their outrage. 'Rape Melania' is trending. Liberals are really outdoing their own disgusting behavior. #SundayMorning #Trump pic.twitter.com/PA1q6QV4sa 
— WE DID IT (@BobbyDellBSC) November 13, 2016 
After Trump won the presidential election on Tuesday, threats against his life spread on social media, as the Daily Mail reported : 
'So who's going to assassinate Trump at his inauguration?' one Twitter user demanded to know. 
'I just pray that the first n***a who tries to assassinate Donald Trump don't miss,' another added. 
One joked: 'My mom is talking about assassinate donald trump. watch out guy my white suburban mother is coming for you.' 
While some also called for the death of vice president-elect Mike Pence. 
'If trump wins pls dont assassinate him without getting mike pence first because his a** is ****ing crazy,' one user tweeted… 
A source close to the Secret Service, told the DailyMail.com that the agency were well aware of the threats and that they had seen a spike since Trump was elected on Tuesday. 
They said there were 'mechanisms in place' to monitor social media for such posts, and to determine which threats were more concerning than others but said that 'every threat was taken seriously.' 
Twitter routinely removed pro-Trump trending topics and manipulated hashtags that hurt failed Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton during the election. Furious users accused the site of censoring the explosive DNC Wikileaks story in July after #DNCLeaks, with over a quarter million tweets, vanished from the Trending section, replaced by the far less popular #DNCLeak. source SHARE THIS ARTICLE Geoffrey Grider NTEB is run by end times author and editor-in-chief Geoffrey Grider. Geoffrey runs a successful web design company, and is a full-time minister of the gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ. In addition to running NOW THE END BEGINS, he has a dynamic street preaching outreach and tract ministry team in Saint Augustine, FL. NTEB #TRENDING
ARTICLE

  EXPOSED: Blocks Of George Soros Funded Anti-Trump Protest Buses For Paid Agitators Caught On Tape The video was taken at 3:30pm on South Canal Street in Chicago on Saturday. As our reader points out, hundreds of the participants that took part in the downtown Chicago protests from November 12 were bused in using these vehicles. Other arrived by train.   Video reveals that the 'spontaneous' anti-Trump protesters are actually paid agitators bused in courtesy of the George Soros machine 
EDITOR'S NOTE: Video taken on the ground in Chicago yesterday show block after block of buses that are being used to bring in professional agitators to protest Donald Trump's landslide victory over Hillary Clinton. Who is paying for all these buses bringing in all these protesters? Why, it's our old friend George Soros, of course. And he is playing his favorite card, the race card. Soros, you will recall, spent millions busing in agitators to fuel the race riots in Ferguson , Baltimore and Chicago . 
From Zero Hedge: Earlier today we showed that, contrary to USA Today's claims that the anti-Trump protests across the nation are 'spontaneous, involving people from all walks of life', according to Wikileaks documents at least two of the people profiled by USA Today have a history of being professional agitators for the Democratic party, whose task is to stir up popular protests and – in extreme cases – unleash rioting, such as the following clip showing the latest day of violent protests in Portland revealed. 
As our reader notes , 'I have a video of 5 city blocks on the West side of Chicago lined with busses from Wisconsin (Badger Bus Lines) bringing in protestors. The Sears tower is visible in the background.' 
The video was taken at 3:30pm on South Canal Street in Chicago on Saturday. As our reader points out, hundreds of the participants that took part in the downtown Chicago protests from November 12 were bused in using these vehicles. Other arrived by train. source Police repeatedly charge anti-Trump protesters as Portland chaos continues https://t.co/h3Y24Ykb9h pic.twitter.com/vPPD10sQbw
ARTICLE

  Barack Obama Tells Alexis Tsipras That Rising Tide Of Nationalism Will Be A Threat To Globalism Speaking at a joint news conference with Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras by his side, Obama refrained from criticizing President-elect Donald Trump directly as he discussed the impact of his electoral victory last week.   Obama warned Tuesday that Americans and people around the world 'are going to have to guard against a rise in a crude sort of nationalism, or ethnic identity, or tribalism' taking root amid the populist movements that are gaining currency around the world. 
EDITOR'S NOTE: Why did the British people vote for Brexit ? Why did Donald Trump win in a landslide ? Because free peoples from any nation, once woken, will rightly reject globalism as a threat to individual freedom. NWO elites like Obama hate displays of nationalism like Trump's America First campaign because he doesn't believe America should come first. The coming Trump presidency is America's first ray of sunlight in over 8 years. 
Speaking at a joint news conference with Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras by his side, Obama refrained from criticizing President-elect Donald Trump directly as he discussed the impact of his electoral victory last week. But the president made it clear that he sees a dark side to the kind of populist movements Trump's campaign embodied — ideals that other conservative leaders are advocating in Europe and elsewhere. WHO IS ALEXIS TSIPRAS? – click here to visit the NTEB Archive 
'We are going to have to guard against a rise in a crude sort of nationalism, or ethnic identity or tribalism that is built around an us and a them, and I will never apologize for saying that the future of humanity and the future of the world is going to be defined by what we have in common, as opposed to those things that separate us and ultimately lead us into conflict,' Obama said. 
'Take Europe,' he continued. 'We know what happens when Europeans start dividing themselves up and emphasizing their differences and seeing a competition between various countries in a zero-sum way. The 20th century was a bloodbath.' Obama Full Press Conference with Alexis Tsipras in Greece: 
If you don't wish to suffer through all the blather, fast-forward to 32:20 mark to hear his specific anti-America First mumbo-jumbo. 
Obama, who made it clear during the course of the hour-long news conference that he did not view the recent U.S. election results as a referendum on his own tenure or world vision, suggested that targeting specific racial, religious ethnic groups could backfire. 
'In the United States we know what happens when we start dividing ourselves along the lines of race or religion or ethnicity. It is dangerous. It is dangerous, not just for the minority groups that are subjected to that kind of discrimination, or in some cases in the past, violence, but because we then don't realize our potential as a country when we are preventing blacks or Latinos or Asians or gays or women from fully participating in the project of building American life,' he said. 
'So my vision is right on that issue, and it may not always win the day in the short term in any particularly political circumstance, but I am confident it will win the day in the long term,' Obama added. 'Because societies which are able to unify ourselves around values and ideals and character, and how we treat each other, and cooperation and innovation, ultimately are going to be more successful than societies that don't.' 
Obama acknowledged that there was a common theme in the recent U.S. presidential election, Britain's vote in June to leave the European Union, and other populist movements elsewhere. 
'Globalization, combined with technology, combined with social media and constant information, have disrupted people's lives, sometimes in very concrete ways,' he said. 'But also psychologically, people are less certain of their national identities or their place in the world. It starts looking different and disorienting.'  
ARTICLE

  A Defeated Obama Condescendingly Mocks Winner Trump, Says 'He Can't Keep Campaign Promises' Obama scolded his Republican successor for believing he can deliver on his campaign promises. 'I think that he successfully mobilized a big chunk of the country to vote for him,' Obama told reporters.   Barack Obama delivered a series of patronizing backhanded compliments to President-Elect Donald Trump on Monday during a lengthy White House press conference conducted before his final trip abroad as America's leader. While he praised Trump for pulling off 'one of the biggest political upsets in history,' Obama scolded his Republican successor for believing he can deliver on his campaign promises . 'I think that he successfully mobilized a big chunk of the country to vote for him,' Obama told reporters. But 'regardless of what experience or assumptions he brought to the office, this office has a way of waking you up.''And those aspects of his positions or predispositions that don't match up with reality, he will find shaken up pretty quick. Because reality has a way of asserting itself.' Trump campaigned on an no-holds-barred agenda of dismantling much of Obama's agenda including immigration reforms put in place without congressional input, a widely criticized Iranian nuclear deal and an Obamacare system whose pilings have grown shaky. But the president suggested the billionaire's poetic rallies can never jive with Washington's messier prose. 'I think it'll be important for him to have the room, to staff up, to figure out what his priorities are, to be able to distinguish between what he was campaigning on and what is practical – what he can actually achieve,' Obama cautioned. 'You know, there are certain things that made for good good soundbites, but don't always translate into good policy. And that's something that he and his team will wrestle with in the same way every president wrestles with.' Ultimately, Obama hinted , he believes Trump is more a realist than a principled conservative – despite connecting with a previously disengaged voting base on the strength of broad promises.  
ARTICLE

  President-Elect Trump Invites An Excited Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu To Come Visit 'The bond between the U.S. and Israel is based on shared values, shared interests and a shared future. I am sure that President-elect Trump and I will continue to strengthen the unique alliance between Israel and the U.S. and we will bring them to ever greater heights,' he added.   16, 2016 Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said he is looking forward to working with President-elect Donald Trump on 'the twin interests of peace and security.' 
'For when they shall say, Peace and safety; then sudden destruction cometh upon them, as travail upon a woman with child; and they shall not escape.' 1 Thessalonians 5:3 (KJV) 
EDITOR'S NOTE: After enduring 8 years of a pro-Muslim, anti-Israel president , you can well imagine Benjamin Netanyahu's excitement at a Donald Trump presidency. At the same time, it will be Trump's very support that God will use to usher in some dramatic fulfillment of end times events. As we have been telling you – warning you – for over a year now, when Trump moves the US Embassy from Tel Aviv to Israel, get ready to fly. We here at NTEB believe that the move will trigger the Psalm 83 war, or worse, and that the Rapture of the Church will then be right around the corner. If you have something you want to get done for the Lord, do it now. 
In a satellite address to the Jewish Federations of North America 's annual General Assembly in Washington on Tuesday, Netanyahu urged President Barack Obama to continue America's 'longstanding policy' of supporting direct negotiations between Israel and the Palestinians, and not pursue other avenues. Israel is concerned that Obama will use his final days in office to push for a UN Security Council resolution that will impose a two-state solution to the conflict. 
'I, for one, find great encouragement in the fact that there's this continuity of friendship,' Netanyahu said . 'I very much hope that President Obama will continue the policy that he enunciated,' Netanyahu said, referring to comments made by the outgoing president at the beginning of his first term. 'The only way you get a workable and enduring peace is to have the parties agree to it. This is what has happened with our peace agreements with Egypt and Jordan. PM Netanyahu Congratulates US President-Elect Donald Trump: 
'We've had convulsions in the Middle East, and yet these peace treaties hold because they were directly agreed to by the parties,' he added. 'The reason we'll object to any such effort is because it will harden the Palestinian position, and because it will harden the Palestinian position, it will push peace back.' Netanyahu added that he is hoping to nurture the recent 'quiet diplomacy' Israel has had with Arab nations with the future Trump administration. 
The day after the Republican candidate rocked the world by winning the election, he invited Netanyahu to visit Washington at the 'first opportunity.' The prime minister and president-elect 'who have known each other for many years, had a warm, heartfelt conversation' over the phone, a statement from the Prime Minister's Office said . 
Netanyahu responded by saying that he and his wife Sara were excited to visit the incoming commander-in-chief and his wife Melania. Netanyahu congratulated Trump earlier in the day, calling the president-elect 'a true friend of the State of Israel.' Donald Trump vows to protect Israel: 'We will work together to advance security, stability and peace in our region,' Netanyahu said in a statement. 
'The bond between the U.S. and Israel is based on shared values, shared interests and a shared future. I am sure that President-elect Trump and I will continue to strengthen the unique alliance between Israel and the U.S. and we will bring them to ever greater heights,' he added. 
The son of the late president Shimon Peres, Chemi Peres, also congratulated Trump in his speech to the Jewish Federations General Assembly. 
'I would like to wish President-elect Trump the best of luck,' he said. 'I am sure he will maintain the unbreakable link between Israel and the U.S., at the core of which are the unwavering support of Israel's security and the forever-extended hand for peace.' source SHARE THIS ARTICLE  
ARTICLE

  Proof Of George Soros Nazi Past Finally Comes To Light With Discovery Of Forgotten Interview George Soros has repeatedly called 1944 "The Best Year of his Life." 70% of Mr. Soros's fellow Jews in Hungary, nearly a half-million human beings, were annihilated in that year, yet he gives no sign that this put any damper on his elation, either at the time or indeed in retrospect.   15, 2016 When Hitler's henchman Adolf Eichmann arrived in Hungary, to oversee the murder of that country's Jews, George Soros ended up with a man whose job was confiscating property from the Jewish population. 
George Soros and other rich liberals who spent tens of millions of dollars trying to elect Hillary Clinton are gathering in Washington for a three-day, closed door meeting to retool the big-money left to fight back against Donald Trump. Since Soros name is very much in the headlines in 2016, let's take a look at an interview he gave in 1998 about his Nazi past. Nazi collaborator Soros gave MILLIONS to Hillary Clinton's failed campaign 
Social unrest groups like Media Matters have taken to the Internet in an attempt to 'debunk the claims' and 'correct the smears' about rumors of the Nazi past of their patron, George Soros. They say it is just malicious gossip and lies people make up about Soros because they don't like him. Snopes.com chimes in as well in defense of Soros. But what about the 'rumors'? Could they be true, are they true? 
As you will see and hear , not only are the rumors true, a long forgotten interview George Soros did on 60 Minutes has him gleefully confessing to his crime. 
György Schwartz, better known to the world as George Soros , was born August 12, 1930 in Hungary. Soros' father, Tivadar, was a fervent practitioner of the Esperanto language invented in 1887, and designed to be the first global language, free of any national identity. The Schwartz's, who were non-practicing Jews, changed the family name to Soros, in order to facilitate assimilation into the Gentile population, as the Nazis spread into Hungary during the 1930s 
When Hitler's henchman Adolf Eichmann arrived in Hungary, to oversee the murder of that country's Jews, George Soros ended up with a man whose job was confiscating property from the Jewish population. Soros went with him on his rounds. 
George Soros has repeatedly called 1944 ' The Best Year of his Life. ' 70% of Mr. Soros's fellow Jews in Hungary, nearly a half-million human beings, were annihilated in that year, yet he gives no sign that this put any damper on his elation, either at the time or indeed in retrospect. During an interview with 'Sixty Minute's' Steve Kroft, Soros was asked about his 'best year.' George Soros Interview Where He Admitted He Was A Nazi Collaborator: 
He was only to happy to admit his collaboration with the Nazis,in fact, he called those days the 'best time of my life'. Click to watch, in context, that startling confession. 
KROFT: My understanding is that you went out with this protector of yours who swore that you were his adopted godson. 
SOROS: Yes. Yes. 
KROFT: Went out, in fact, and helped in the confiscation of property from your fellow Jews, friends and neighbors. 
SOROS: Yes. That's right. Yes. 
KROFT: I mean, that sounds like an experience that would send lots of people to the psychiatric couch for many, many, years. Was it difficult? 
SOROS: No, not at all. Not at all, I rather enjoyed it. 
KROFT: No feelings of guilt? 
SOROS: No, only feelings of absolute power. SHARE THIS ARTICLE  
ARTICLE

NTEB Ads Privacy Policy Investors Flock To West Texas As $900 BILLION Oil Field Discovered In Permian Basin Wolfcamp Oil explorers have been flocking to the Permian Basin in West Texas and New Mexico to tap deposits so rich that they can generate profits even at lower oil prices. by Geoffrey Grider November 16, 2016 In a troubled oil world, the Permian Basin is the gift that keeps on giving. 
One portion of the giant field , known as the Wolfcamp formation, was found to hold 20 billion barrels of oil trapped in four layers of shale beneath West Texas. That's almost three times larger than North Dakota's Bakken Play and the single largest U.S. unconventional crude accumulation ever assessed, according to the U.S. Geological Survey . At current prices, that oil is worth almost $900 billion. 
The estimate lends credence to the assertion from Pioneer Natural Resources CEO Scott Sheffield that the Permian's shale could hold as much as 75 billion barrels, making it second only to Saudi Arabia's Ghawar field. Irving-based Pioneer has been increasing its production targets all year as drilling in the Wolfcamp produced bigger gushers than the company's engineers and geologists forecast. 'The fact that this is the largest assessment of continuous oil we have ever done just goes to show that, even in areas that have produced billions of barrels of oil, there is still the potential to find billions more,' Walter Guidroz, coordinator for the geological survey's energy resources program, said in the statement. Oil explorers have been flocking to the Permian Basin in West Texas and New Mexico to tap deposits so rich that they can generate profits even at lower oil prices. A race to grab land in the Permian has been the main driver of a surge of deals in the energy patch and the industry's main source of good news. Although the Permian has been gushing crude since the 1920s, its multiple layers of oil-soaked shale remained largely untapped until the last several years, when intensive drilling and fracturing techniques perfected in other U.S. regions were adopted. The Wolfcamp, which is as much as a mile thick in some places, has been one of the primary targets. ConocoPhillips , the world's largest independent oil producer by market value, increased its estimate for the size of its Wolfcamp holdings on Nov. 10 to 1.8 billion barrels from 1 billion last year. A day earlier, Concho Resources CEO Timothy Leach told investors and analysts that two recent wells it drilled in the Wolfcamp were pumping an average of 2,000 barrels a day each. Diamondback Energy Inc. disclosed last week that it has been drilling 10,000-foot sideways wells in the Wolfcamp. Production from the wells has been as high as 85 percent crude, according to the Midland, Texas-based explorer. For Apache Corp., a slice of the Wolfcamp and another Permian layer known as the Bone Spring are major components of the 3 billion-barrel Alpine High discovery that the company announced in September. CEO John Christmann called Alpine High 'a world class resource' during a Sept. 7 presentation at a Barclays Plc conference in New York. The Wolfcamp shale also holds 16 trillion cubic feet of natural gas and 1.6 billion barrels of gas liquids, the geological survey said in a statement on Tuesday. source SHARE THIS ARTICLE Geoffrey Grider NTEB is run by end times author and editor-in-chief Geoffrey Grider. Geoffrey runs a successful web design company, and is a full-time minister of the gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ. In addition to running NOW THE END BEGINS, he has a dynamic street preaching outreach and tract ministry team in Saint Augustine, FL. NTEB #TRENDING
ARTICLE

  Desperate To 'Preserve His Legacy', Barack Obama Releases 527 Pages Of New Regulations In ONE Day! According to the Competitive Enterprise Institute, the Obama administration has just shattered the old record for pages of regulations and rules published by the in-house journal, the Federal Register. At 81,640 total pages for 2016, it ranks first and 235 pages more than all of those published in 2010, the previous record.   17, 2016 President Obama has just set a new record for rules and regulations, his administration spitting out 527 pages worth in just one day, as he races to put his fingerprint on virtually every corner of American life and business. 
According to the Competitive Enterprise Institute, the administration has just shattered the old record for pages of regulations and rules published by the in-house journal, the Federal Register . At 81,640 total pages for 2016, it ranks first and 235 pages more than all of those published in 2010, the previous record. The rules, politics of federal regulations under Obama: 
As shocking as this video is , it was made 5 months ago and does not reflect the current race-to-regulate happening right now. What's more, there are still about 26 working days left in the year. 
'No one knows what the future holds, but at a pace of well over 1,000 pages weekly, the Federal Register could easily top 90,000 pages this year. The simple algebra says that at the current pace we'll add 11,190 pages over the next 44 days, to end 2016 at around 92,830 pages,' said CEI's Clyde Wayne Crews. 
'This is astonishing and should be of great concern, and intolerable, to policymakers. It is remarkable enough that the all-time record has been passed before Thanksgiving,' he added. Obama has promised to regulate by executive authority, but the sheer number of pages of regulations being rushed through is astonishing. 
Still, it's not a big surprise to CEI and other regulation watchdogs. 
The reason, said Crews, Obama owns seven of the 10 highest-ever Federal Register counts. 
He called on President-elect Trump to make good on campaign promises and cut regulations. 
'President-elect Donald Trump could take a page from President Reagan, who brought page counts down from Carter's 73,258 to as low as 44,812. We don't need a pen and phone, we need a meat axe,' said Crews. source 
 
ARTICLE

  If Hillary Is Not Guilty, Then Why Are Her Supporters Asking Obama To Pardon Her? Hmm… "Hillary Clinton has not been tried, but there are those who want to drag her for the next three years. It will not stop until they find a reason to put her in jail. That would be a travesty.""It would be a monumental moral mistake to pursue the indictment of Hillary Clinton," Jackson said. He said issuing the pardon could help heal the nation, like Ford's pardon of Nixon did.   16, 2016 Speaking at President Gerald Ford's alma mater, The Rev. Jesse Jackson called for President Obama to issue a blanket pardon to Hillary Clinton before he leaves office, just like Ford did for Richard Nixon. 
Stopping short of saying Clinton did anything wrong , Jackson told a large crowd of University of Michigan students, faculty and administrators gathered at daylong celebration of his career that Obama should short-circuit President-elect Donald Trump's promised attempt to prosecute Hillary Clinton for use of a private e-mail server. 
'It would be a monumental moral mistake to pursue the indictment of Hillary Clinton,' Jackson said. He said issuing the pardon could help heal the nation, like Ford's pardon of Nixon did. Would Obama pardon Clinton before he leaves office? 
'President Ford said we don't need him for trophy. We need to move on. President Nixon wasn't convicted of a crime. He didn't apply for a pardon. (Ford) did it because he thought it would be best for the country. 'Hillary Clinton has not been tried, but there are those who want to drag her for the next three years. It will not stop until they find a reason to put her in jail. That would be a travesty.' 
In 1974, Ford, a University of Michigan alumnus, issued a full and complete pardon of Nixon for any crimes he may have committed. He said the pardon was in the best interests of the nation. 
Jackson's comments came at the end of a long day in Ann Arbor, which included him dropping in on an anti-Trump rally held by students on campus. Jesse Jackson: Obama should pardon Hillary Clinton 
Jackson comes to a campus that is full of strife over race. Numerous racist flyers have been posted and students have alleged they have been attacked because they are Muslim or a minority. There have been anti-Trump marches on U-M's campus, along with campuses across the nation. A large demonstration marched through a series of U-M buildings even while Jackson was speaking. 
Students 'are growing up in an America that is in an identity crisis,' Jackson said. 'These demonstrations are born out of fear. Fear that the Klan will ride again. Fear that violence (against minorities) is coming back. 
'In this election, voters voted for fear. I think hope will defeat hate, but it's a battle.' In a conversation with the Free Press at the beginning of the day, he blamed Trump for the environment of fear. 
Donald Trump saw an America that was a dry field, and instead of watering it to get the grass growing again, he threw a lit match on it, Jackson said. 
Now it's up to Trump to take action, Jackson added. 
'The one who set the field afire must be the one to put it out,' he told the Free Press in a one-on-one interview. 'He had the option to pour water on it (the dry field) and let it grow. He didn't do that — he chose to light it on fire. One of my concerns is that we see the division in America now because of that. We see classmates, roommates in a conflict over the way the campaign turned out. 
'He knows Mexicans didn't take jobs from us. It was the corporations. He knows you can't deport 15 million (immigrants). It's not just about the adults, but also about the children who were born here, grew up here and go to school here.' 
Jackson told students not to give up the struggle. 
'Students, don't let them take your hope. Deep water doesn't drown you. You drown because you stop kicking. There is a tug of war for the soul of America. Do we want to be an aristocracy or a democracy? To be silent is to betray your conscience. You must not be silent in the face of violation of human rights.' source SHARE THIS ARTICLE  
ARTICLE

NTEB Ads Privacy Policy NY Daily News And Nearly All Liberal News Media Outlets Experiencing Stunning Decline In Readership While the entire newspaper industry has been hammered by print circulation declines in recent years, the drop-off by Mort Zuckerman's Daily News in September was much steeper than the declines at The Post and the New York Times. by Geoffrey Grider November 17, 2016 Daily News or other liberal news outlets report steep decline in circulation 
The infamous main stream media are no where near the 'main stream' when it comes to understanding what the vast majority of America wants and needs. Donald Trump's landslide election night win was a referendum on the corrupt, liberal-biased opinion creators posing as journalists. Donald Trump Calls Out The Corrupt Bias Media – Mainstream Media Attacks: 
2016 will go down as the year that the American people woke from their slumber and began to throw off the shackles of globalism, elitism and the faux journalism of the Chicago Way . News organizations like the ultra-liberal NY Daily News are being driven into bankruptcy, brought down by the sheer weight of their own careless regard for the truth. 
To which we happily say, 'adios!'. The Daily News is a four-time lose r, recently released circulation stats show. The embattled newspaper reported sharply lower sales on weekdays and Sundays and on newsstand sales and home deliveries, according to the Alliance for Audited Media. While the entire newspaper industry has been hammered by print circulation declines in recent years, the drop-off by Mort Zuckerman's Daily News in September was much steeper than the declines at The Post and the New York Times. source AOL will announce layoffs of 5 percent of its staff today , with 500 employees expected to lose their jobs. In an interview yesterday, AOL CEO Tim Armstrong said that most of the cuts will come in its corporate units, while resources will be shifted more at mobile, video and data offerings going forward. 'The layoffs are related to a 2017 strategy where we will add to our business,' he said. 'These are super-targeted by area, and we will be re-growing, especially in video and mobile.' Armstrong reiterated that plan in a memo sent to employees. 'Based on our strategy and the changes we see in the industry, we are reshaping parts of the company today,' he wrote. 'The company … will be aligned to drive a talent and operations plan in line with profitability.' The cuts come after AOL added about 1,500 workers this year from an advertising deal with Microsoft and its purchase of Millennial Media, which prompted the consolidation to improve financial performance. source The Spanish-language media giant Univision Communications will lay off almost 6 percent of its workforce — between 200 and 250 people — after it slipped into the red last quarter, the company announced Wednesday. The layoffs, along with a planned restructuring, 'are in response to difficult times, challenging times,' Isaac Lee, Univision's digital, entertainment and news chief, told The Washington Post in his first public comments on the moves. 'We need to position ourselves for the future.' Univision had a third-quarter net loss of $30.5 million on total revenue of $735 million, down 8 percent. source The New York Times Company reported a $14 million net loss for the first quarter of 2016 as it continued to grapple with how to offset falling revenue in print advertising. Digital subscriptions remained a bright spot for the company, showing robust growth. source 
Geoffrey Grider NTEB is run by end times author and editor-in-chief Geoffrey Grider. Geoffrey runs a successful web design company, and is a full-time minister of the gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ. In addition to running NOW THE END BEGINS, he has a dynamic street preaching outreach and tract ministry team in Saint Augustine, FL. NTEB #TRENDING
ARTICLE

NTEB Ads Privacy Policy MAGA-MANIA: Ford Motor Company Calls Donald Trump To Say They Won't Be Moving To Mexico 'Just got a call from my friend Bill Ford, Chairman of Ford, who advised me that he will be keeping the Lincoln plant in Kentucky -- no Mexico,' Trump wrote in a Twitter post. by Geoffrey Grider November 18, 2016 President-elect Donald Trump suggested on Twitter that he convinced Ford Motor Co. to keep production of a Lincoln sport utility vehicle in the U.S. instead of moving it to Mexico. And the automaker doesn't dispute that. 
EDITOR'S NOTE: Donald Trump made a handful of super hardcore campaign promises which resulted in being the deciding factor why so many Americans voted for him. One of those promises was that he would seek to impose a 35% tariff on Ford Motors if they moved to Mexico. Mere days after Trump's massive victory, Ford chairman Bill Ford personally called president-elect Trump to congratulate him on his win, and to say that Ford will not be moving. Say it with me one time –' Make America Great Again! ' 
'Just got a call from my friend Bill Ford, Chairman of Ford, who advised me that he will be keeping the Lincoln plant in Kentucky — no Mexico,' Trump wrote in a Twitter post. Just got a call from my friend Bill Ford, Chairman of Ford, who advised me that he will be keeping the Lincoln plant in Kentucky – no Mexico 
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 18, 2016 
Ford builds the Lincoln MKC small SUV at its Louisville Assembly Plant in Kentucky alongside the Ford Escape SUV. Ford had never said it was considering shifting MKC production south of the border. But the company confirmed Friday that it had been 'likely' to move the work to Mexico in 2019 when its current contract with the United Auto Workers union expires. TRUMP FLASHBACK: Ford moving division to Mexico is a disgrace: 
This is what started the ball rolling for Trump back in the beginnings of his campaign. 'We had planned to move the Lincoln MKC out of Louisville Assembly Plant,' probably to the Cuautitlan factory in Mexico, Christin Baker, a Ford spokeswoman, said in an e-mail. 
Trump has criticized Ford for planning to move all its North American small-car production to Mexico, where wages are 80 percent lower than in the U.S. Ford also builds the Lincoln MKZ sedan at a factory in Hermosillo, Mexico. During the campaign, Trump threatened to slap Ford's Mexican-built cars with a 35 percent tariff . He also said he would terminate the North American Free Trade Agreement, which lets goods flow between Mexico, the U.S. and Canada without tariffs. Ford Says It's Keeping Lincoln Production in Kentucky After Donald Trump Tweets 
Ford, which has expressed a willingness to work with Trump since he was elected, confirmed late Thursday it told the future president the Lincoln SUV will stay in Kentucky. 
'We are encouraged that President-elect Trump and the new Congress will pursue policies that will improve U.S. competitiveness and make it possible to keep production of this vehicle here in the U.S.,' the automaker said in an e-mailed statement. 
Bill Ford met with Trump during the campaign in an unsuccessful attempt to get the candidate to stop targeting the automaker, which says it has created nearly 28,000 jobs in the U.S. during the past five years. In his first answer of the first debate with Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton, Trump attacked the automaker for plans to move production of the Focus small car and C-Max hybrid from a plant in Michigan to Mexico. 
'We are everything that he should be celebrating about this country,' Bill Ford told reporters in September. 'We pulled ourselves up by our bootstraps, we paid back our borrowings, we are healthy again, we've been adding jobs in the U.S. and we are the largest manufacturer of cars and trucks in the U.S.' source SHARE THIS ARTICLE Geoffrey Grider NTEB is run by end times author and editor-in-chief Geoffrey Grider. Geoffrey runs a successful web design company, and is a full-time minister of the gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ. In addition to running NOW THE END BEGINS, he has a dynamic street preaching outreach and tract ministry team in Saint Augustine, FL. NTEB #TRENDING
ARTICLE

NTEB Ads Privacy Policy Naval Air Forces 'Doomsday Plane' Circled Over Denver For Hours, Spraying Chemtrails Over Metro Area The 'doomsday plane' aircraft – usually launched at the outbreak of a nuclear attack - was spotted circling by thousands of US citizens on the ground. The unbranded plane travelled across several states and changed directions numerous times, prompting a Twitter frenzy of conspiracy theories. by Geoffrey Grider November 19, 2016 A TOP-SECRET United States aircraft known as the 'Doomsday Plane' was spotted in the skies over America circling the Denver metro area 
The aircraft – usually launched at the outbreak of a nuclear attack – was spotted circling by thousands of US citizens on the ground. The unbranded plane travelled across several states and changed directions numerous times, prompting a Twitter frenzy of conspiracy theories . 
These were only intensified after a spokeswoman for the Naval Air Forces confirmed the plane was in fact their own E-6B Mercury, also known as the Doomsday Plane. Mysterious U.S.A.F 'Doomsday Plane' Circling Over Denver Metro Area: 
Not only was the mysterious 'Doomsday Plane' circling over the Denver metro area for hours, it also seemed to be spraying chemtrails out the back as it circled. 
Local news outlet Denver7 tracked flight IRON99 as it traveled from the west coast to Oklahoma. The plane eventually landed at Tinker Air Force Base in Oklahoma city after an hour loitering above Denver. 
The news station's initial attempts to find where the plane originated proved fruitless as officials from the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA), U.S. Northern Command (NORTHCOM), U.S. Strategic Command (STRATCOM), North American Aerospace Defense Command (NORAD) and a dozen Air Force Bases could not confirm the flight. 
The next day, however, the Navy confirmed that the mysterious aircraft was in fact one of its E-6B Mercury planes, known as the 'Doomsday plane' , and was simply returning to its homebase. These planes, created by Boeing at a cost of $141.7 million per unit, have the capability to launch nuclear missiles and communicate with nuclear submarines. 
The overall mission of the E-6B is to provide 'command, control and communications abilities between the National Command Authority (NCA) and U.S. strategic and non-strategic forces.' 
A nd if you think all that is creepy , which it is, just remember what it was circling over… The Secrets of the Denver International Airport 
The most amazing thing about the Denver International Airport (DIA) is not that it is filled to the brim with very freaky occultic symbols everywhere you look, it's that it is everywhere you look. Instead of trying to hide them, or be clever about it, these works of darkness are on bold display, daring you to figure them out. And there is no question of any kind that all these symbols do indeed tell a story that is yet to be realized. The story of an evil, tragic holocaust. Do I have your attention? 
The satanic nature of the Masons is well-known , and we shall not go into that here in this article. (if you would like to learn about Freemasonry, click here for an excellent introduction.) But what I would like to call your attention to is what is written right under the Masons logo. It reads 'New World Airport Commission.' Not only does it sound like a name created by conspiracy theorists, the other startling fact is that the 'New World Airport Commission' doesn't seem to exist. Anywhere. 
 
ARTICLE

SNAPCHAT: 100,000,000 people worldwide , with an estimated 8 billion daily views. YOUTUBE: 1,325,000 people worldwide , who watch 3,250,000,000 hours of videos per month. INTERNET: 3,200,000,000 people worldwide , or just under half the world's population are surfing the web. 
As you can see , Internet usage is huge with tons of room left to grow, and social media accounts is how all those billions of people communicate with each other. NTEB regularly gets emails from South Africa, New Zealand, All of the United States, Israel, Asia, you name it. The prophesied 'global community' is not coming…it is, obviously, already here. And if you are reading this right now, either via email or on a website, you are a part of said global community. Now let me start to tie it together for you. 
How often does one of your Facebook friends just 'disappear', and then 3 days, a week, 3 weeks later they pop back up and tell you that they were in ' Facebook Jail '? I see it happening a lot, and am sure that you do as well. Many people, when deprived of the ability to post and interact with their global community, get anxious, depressed and experience genuine psychological trauma. Over the last 10 years, we have been retrained to think differently, act differently, and experience life through the filter of the cyber-world. There are gatekeepers who control that world, and when you violate one of their silly rules, you are locked out. This is, in essence, exactly how life will unfold under the Mark of the Beast system. 
How many of your social media friends who are frequent visitors of social media jail ever close thier accounts and stop the insanity? Almost none. They want the system, they need the system, and cannot live apart from the system. They rant, rave and rail against Facebook, and yet there they are. Addicted. No matter how often Facebook jails them, they come back. 
'The spider taketh hold with her hands, and is in kings' palaces.' Proverbs 30:28 (KJV) 
What happens to things caught in a web? They stay caught until the spider shows up. Social media is the web, and the Spider is on the way. Want to play a fun game? Close your social media accounts, all of them for a month, and see what happens. The results will shock you. How It Works: Internet of Things 
Under the rule of Antichrist , in order to be included in the global community, you are required to take the Mark. If you refuse, swift, severe and fatal judgment will be issued and you will cease to exist. The Bible says that people refusing the Mark will be decapitated. There is no forgiveness from God for taking the Mark, but if you don't take the Mark you can't feed your babies, pay your bills, or interact with the global community. 
'And I saw thrones, and they sat upon them, and judgment was given unto them: and I saw the souls of them that were beheaded for the witness of Jesus, and for the word of God, and which had not worshipped the beast, neither his image, neither had received his mark upon their foreheads, or in their hands; and they lived and reigned with Christ a thousand years.' Revelation 20:4 (KJV) 
Social media is training you to accept global rules in order to maintain membership in a global community. More people now connect to the web via hand-held devices than through desktop or laptop computers. Those devices control more and more of our daily lives. There are apps to regulate the air conditioning and heating in your home, open your garage door , deposit money to to your bank account , monitor your vital signs , or meet a date for Saturday night . We literally could not function in our society without these things. So will it really be a big leap from having your device on your belt to having your device under your skin? Nope, not at all. People will jump at the chance to do it. 
'And with all deceivableness of unrighteousness in them that perish; because they received not the love of the truth, that they might be saved. And for this cause God shall send them strong delusion, that they should believe a lie: That they all might be damned who believed not the truth, but had pleasure in unrighteousness.' 2 Thessalonians 2:10-12 (KJV) 
So the next time you try to login to one of your social media accounts, only to receive the dreaded warning of 'Your account has been suspended for __ days for violation of our policies', and you get first angry and then depressed, remember you're part of the new global community. You have to live and play by global rules set to control the masses. The 'secret government file' of yesteryear we all worried the FBI had on us cannot hold a candle to the interactive file that you created on yourself to be spied on with. 
'Looking for that blessed hope, and the glorious appearing of the great God and our Saviour Jesus Christ;' Titus 2:13 (KJV) 
The Mark of the Beast system ? It's already here and you're already in it. It will 'activate' when the Beast shows up. If you would like to 'check out' of here in the Rapture before the Antichrist comes to power, click here for the one thing you need to do. 
 
ARTICLE

NTEB Ads Privacy Policy How Donald Trump Moving The U.S. Embassy From Tel Aviv To Jerusalem Could Trigger The Psalm 83 War God is concerned with His nation of Israel and with His chosen people, the Jews. In the third chapter of Joel, we read that God wages the Battle of Armageddon because people have divided up Israel, a place that He calls "my land". by Geoffrey Grider November 18, 2016 In the third chapter of Joel, we read that God wages the Battle of Armageddon because people have divided up Israel, a place that He calls 'my land' 
'They have said, Come, and let us cut them off from being a nation; that the name of Israel may be no more in remembrance.' Psalm 83:4 (KJV) 
One of Donald Trump's main campaign promises is that he would move the U.S. Embassy from its currents location in Tel Aviv, Israel, to the Old City Israeli capital of Jerusalem. See for yourself how the massive AIPAC audience erupted in frenzied cheers when he said it: 
Most people , unsaved people, honestly probably didn't even bat an eye when he said as most people don't really care about what happens in tiny, little Israel. But to the Bible believing Christian, those words rang out with a clarion call that something really big just appeared on the end times prophecy radar. Back on October 28, 2016, the headline over on jpost.com was ' Ivanka Trump Says Her Father Will Move US Embassy To Jerusalem '100%' If Elected '. 
I truly hope that President Trump will make America great again, I really do. But if you think for one moment that that's why God allowed him to be elected you are deceiving yourself. God is not concerned so much with America, He really isn't. God is concerned with His nation of Israel and with His chosen people, the Jews. In the third chapter of Joel, we read that God wages the Battle of Armageddon because people have divided up Israel, a place that He calls 'my land'. Read it for yourself: 
'I will also gather all nations, and will bring them down into the valley of Jehoshaphat, and will plead with them there for my people and for my heritage Israel, whom they have scattered among the nations, and parted my land.' Joel 3:2 (KJV) The reason why the Palestinian continue to reject the Two State Solution 
Multiple times a 'two state solution' has been offered to the Palestinian people, and every time it is offered they reject it. Why? Because in the Two State Solution, Jerusalem stays with Israel as it rightly should and infuriates the Palestinians. When Lucifer fell in Isaiah 14, it was because he was no longer satisfied with the good things that God had given him, he wanted it all. Lucifer wanted to sit in God's Seat and replace God: 
'For thou hast said in thine heart, I will ascend into heaven, I will exalt my throne above the stars of God: I will sit also upon the mount of the congregation, in the sides of the north: I will ascend above the heights of the clouds; I will be like the most High. Yet thou shalt be brought down to hell, to the sides of the pit.' Isaiah 14:13-15 (KJV) 
Now that you know that , can you see why there is coming such a fierce battle over Jerusalem? Because Jerusalem is God's Holy Place, the Bible calls it the 'city of the great King'. Why? Because it will be to Jerusalem that Jesus will return to as King of Kings and will rule with a 'rod of iron' over the nations. That's why. The coming battles that will take place there will be fought through humans, but it is actually a battle between God and the Devil. So now let's take a look at Psalm 83, there is a war mentioned there connected with the time of Jacob's trouble . 
'For they have consulted together with one consent: they are confederate against thee: The tabernacles of Edom, and the Ishmaelites; of Moab, and the Hagarenes; Gebal, and Ammon, and Amalek; the Philistines with the inhabitants of Tyre; Assur also is joined with them: they have holpen the children of Lot. Selah.' Psalm 83:5-8 (KJV) 
Look at all the nations that surround Israel to attack her , what do they all have in common? They are Muslim nations! Look at a Google map of Israel and you will see that in 2016 Israel is 100% surrounded by 100% Muslim nations. See the word Selah at the end of verse 8? That little clue tells us that the Psalm 83 War is connected with the time of Jacob's trouble. (please read our article entitled ' THE REAL MEANING OF THE WORD SELAH IN THE BIBLE ' for further insight on this issue.) THE BIBLE BELIEVERS GUIDE TO UNDERSTANDING THE DIFFERENCES BETWEEN THE RAPTURE AND THE SECOND COMING 
When Donald Trump moves the Embassy to Jerusalem , thus declaring that the United States recognizes it as Israel's capital, the entire Arab world will go crazy. We believe it is not only possible but probable that this will trigger, at some point, the Psalm 83 War. But if we are that close to that, we are even this much closer to this: The Rapture of the Church must come first 
What part of the time of Jacob's trouble will the Church be involved in? None of it. Why? Because it is the time of (write this on the chalkboard 100 times) Jacob's trouble. It has nothing to do with the church. Putting the Church of Jesus Christ into the time of Jacob's trouble – Israel's trouble – is nothing more than bad, old-fashioned replacement theology . If that offends you because you put the Church in Matthew 24 where it doesn't belong, then guess what? Be offended. Because stealing any of Israel's promises, including the negative ones, is replacement theology. 
If we are really this close to the time of Jacob's trouble and the Psalm 83 War, then we are really, really close to the time of the Pretribulation Rapture of the Church . A sobering thought, isn't it? Donald Trump's miracle win was really just that – a miracle. But it was a miracle with a purpose , to accomplish God's will and plan in these end times. We have been saying this to anyone who will listen for well over a year now. 
Have you ever stopped to consider the physical structure of the word 'Jerusalem'? Take a closer look – Jer USA lem. Now what do you see? 
For the Bible believer and prophecy watcher , we are most certainly living in exciting times. Perhaps the most exciting since May 14, 1948 . 
Are YOU ready for what comes next? Mere minutes after posting this article, the UK Daily Mail published this: The two-time White House hopeful, former Fox New Channel weekend host and former governor of Arkansas will be America's next ambassador to Israel, a presidential transition official confirmed to DailyMail.com on Friday. He is scheduled to meet with President-Elect Donald Trump Friday at 2:00 p.m. Huckabee, an ordained Baptist preacher and electric bass player, will become the tip of Trump's spear as he seeks to shake up U.S. foreign relations in the Middle East, beginning with relocating America's embassy in Israel from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem. 'That's going to happen,' the transition official said. 'Governor Huckabee is going to see it through.' source SHARE THIS ARTICLE  
ARTICLE

NTEB Ads Privacy Policy More Differences Between The Pretribulation Rapture And The Second Coming Of Jesus Christ There are so who ignorantly assert that the doctrine of the Pretribulation Rapture of the Church was "unknown before John Nelson Darby taught it". I say "ignorant" because people make comments like these seemingly unaware that there are recorded accounts of it being taught all the way back to the 4th century AD. by Geoffrey Grider November 21, 2016 The doctrine of the Pretribulation Rapture appears over and over again, in both Old and New Testaments. Take Enoch for example. 
'For the Lord himself shall descend from heaven with a shout, with the voice of the archangel, and with the trump of God: and the dead in Christ shall rise first: Then we which are alive and remain shall be caught up together with them in the clouds, to meet the Lord in the air: and so shall we ever be with the Lord.' 1 Thessalonians 4:16,17 (KJV) 
For a reason that eludes me , the Bible doctrine of the Pretribulation Rapture of the Church of Jesus Christ is a highly-despised subject in these Laodicean times we find ourselves in. Perhaps one of the reasons why it is so hated is because so many preachers stopped preaching on it years ago, because the idea of trying to live your life with a daily expectation of Jesus' return is unpalatable to so many. Yet, the doctrine of the Pretribulation Rapture appears over and over again, in both Old and New Testaments. Take Enoch for example. 
'And all the days of Enoch were three hundred sixty and five years: And Enoch walked with God: and he was not; for God took him.' Genesis 5:23,24 (KJV) Enoch is a type of the gentile believer raptured out before the time of Jacob's trouble 
Who was Enoch? Glad you asked, Enoch was a gentile believer and follower of God. The Bible says that Enoch's walk with the Lord was a really good one, and one day out of the clear blue, God raptured old Enoch up and out of this world, and translated him straight to the throne room of Heaven. Just a few verses later we read about the Flood of Noah, a type of the Great Tribulation which came upon the Earth. Something else about Enoch, he was also a street preacher who preached Jesus to lost people. 
'And Enoch also, the seventh from Adam, prophesied of these, saying, Behold, the Lord cometh with ten thousands of his saints, To execute judgment upon all, and to convince all that are ungodly among them of all their ungodly deeds which they have ungodly committed, and of all their hard speeches which ungodly sinners have spoken against him.' Jude 1:14,15 (KJV) 
So, in type, we see the Pretribulation Rapture and the time of Jacob's trouble happening thousands of years before the coming time when those events will take place in real time, and not just in typology. In the New Testament, the apostle John is taken up to Heaven in yet another type of the Rapture. On the Last Times, the Antichrist, and the End of the World 
There are so who ignorantly assert that the doctrine of the Pretribulation Rapture of the Church was 'unknown before John Nelson Darby taught it'. I say 'ignorant' because people make comments like these seemingly unaware that there are recorded accounts of it being taught all the way back to the 4th century AD. 
A sermon entitled ' On the Last Times, the Antichrist, and the End of the World ', ascribed to a man by the name of Ephraem Syrus, taught the doctrine of the Pretribulation Rapture quite plainly. Here is a snippet from that sermon: 
'For all the saints and elect of God are gathered, prior to the tribulation that is to come, and are taken to the Lord lest they see the confusion that is to overwhelm the world because of our sins' 
That sermon would be the last bit of light from scripture before the Roman Catholic Whore of Babylon would swallow up the Christian Church for over a thousand years. There's a reason why that period of time used to be taught in schools as the ' dark ages ', and the time corresponding with the advent of King James Bible in 1611 as the 'age of enlightenment'. 
So as you can see , God has given types, examples and preaching on the Rapture for thousands of years. Now let us take a quick look at some of the major difference between the Pretribulation Rapture of the Church, and the Second Coming of Jesus Christ. THE SPIRITUAL TEMPERATURE OF THE CHURCH: Jesus says plainly in Revelation 3 that the last version of the Christian Church right before the Rapture is a self-centered, self-focused, lukewarm mess of a Church that locks Jesus on the outside. (Revelation 3:14-22 KJV). This is in stark contrast to Revelation 7 which shows an on-fire dedicated group of believers who 'follow the Lamb wherever He goes'. There will not be anything 'lukewarm' in the time of Jacob's trouble. SATAN STILL FREE TO ROAM AFTER THE RAPTURE: In the first three chapters of Revelation, we plainly see the Church Age. That comes to an end in Revelation 4:1,2 where John, a type of the Church, is taken to Heaven in a type of the Rapture. Match those verses with 1 Corinthians 15:50-57 and 1 Thessalonians 4:15-18 (KJV). No where there do we see Satan's reign coming to an end, in fact, we see the appearance of Antichrist just two chapters after the Rapture in Revelation 6:1. Compare that with all the places that mention the Second Coming, which ends in Satan being bound for a thousand years. (Revelation 20:1-4 KJV). JESUS DOESN'T LAND AT THE RAPTURE: Paul tells us in both 1 Thessalonians 4 and 1 Corinthians 15, that the Body of Christ is brought UP to 'meet the Lord in the air' in the Rapture. According to Revelation, the Church stays up with the Lord all the way until Revelation 19:14 (KJV). But at the Second Coming, it is all about Him landing on the ground, and bringing His saints with Him . THE RAPTURE BRINGS COMFORT, THE SECOND COMING BRINGS DISTRESS: The apostle Paul, teaching on the Rapture to first century Christians, said that the doctrine of the Pretribulation Rapture was one designed to bring comfort to the hearer. 'Wherefore comfort one another with these words.' 1 Thessalonians 4:18 (KJV) . But not so with the Second Coming/Day of the Lord, not by a l ng shot. 'Woe unto you that desire the day of the LORD! to what end is it for you? the day of the LORD is darkness, and not light. As if a man did flee from a lion, and a bear met him; or went into the house, and leaned his hand on the wall, and a serpent bit him. Shall not the day of the LORD be darkness, and not light? even very dark, and no brightness in it?' Amos 5:18-20 (KJV) . If you're looking for comfort there, brother, you're in the wrong place. SECOND COMING PLAINLY TAUGHT WHILE RAPTURE WAS A 'MYSTERY REVEALED WITH PAUL: In hundreds of places all through the Old Testament, the doctrines of the Second Coming and the Resurrection of the Dead are clearly and plainly taught as doctrine. In Job, the very first book every written, we see that clearly proclaimed. 'For I know that my redeemer liveth, and that he shall stand at the latter day upon the earth: And though after my skin worms destroy this body , yet in my flesh shall I see God: Whom I shall see for myself, and mine eyes shall behold, and not another; though my reins be consumed within me.' Job 19:25-27 (KJV) . So many of the Old Testament prophets, like Daniel, Jeremiah, Ezekiel, Zephaniah, Zechariah and Joel all teach the Second Coming. But though we see types of the Rapture with Enoch and Solomon (Song of Solomon 2:9-12 KJV), the Pretribulation Rapture as teachable doctrine remained a 'mystery' until it was revealed through the apostle Paul. 'Behold, I shew you a mystery; We shall not all sleep, but we shall all be changed,' 1 Corinthians 15:51 (KJV) . 
I love to teach on the Pretribulation Rapture because the evidence for it flows all though the Bible, it couldn't be more clear. So why do so many 'Christians' reject this doctrine? Let me go ask Jesus, He's currently locked outside His own church at the moment (Revelation 3:20 KJV). But He promises that if I open the door unto Him, He will come in and be happy to show me a few things. 
Can't see a Pretrib Rapture in the Bible? Maybe it's because you got Jesus on the wrong side of the door…don't let the Bible correctors and the 'scholars' steal your Blessed Hope. Jesus is coming to get us one Day very soon, as He promised to do. Keep looking up! 
'Looking for that blessed hope, and the glorious appearing of the great God and our Saviour Jesus Christ;' Titus 2:13 (KJV) 
 
ARTICLE

NTEB Ads Privacy Policy More Electoral College Members Receiving Death Threats From Hillary Supporters Ahead Of December Voting Hillary voters around the country are bombarding Electoral College with emails, some of them threatening, in an effort to force them to vote against the outcome of the presidential election. by Geoffrey Grider November 21, 2016 A member of the electoral commission in Texas says his colleagues are getting death threats as angry Hillary supporters ramp up the pressure before electors cast their vote on December 19th. 
Hillary voters around the country are bombarding Electoral College with emails, some of them threatening, in an effort to force them to vote against the outcome of the presidential election. 'At first everyone was kinda enchanted by it. Now all the electors are starting to get beaten down. There are some electors who have been threatened with harm or with death,' Texas elector Alex Kim told NBC 5. 'When people ask me to vote for Hillary Clinton, there's no way,' he said. 'I reject the Democratic Party principles and I reject Hillary Clinton .' Kim said he had a message for all the people who are trying to pressure him into changing his vote; 'Go to hell'. Hillary Supporters Send Death Threats to Electors: As we previously reported , another elector in Michigan said he has also received a number of death threats, including a promise that he would be shot in the head if he voted for Trump. 'I've had people talk about shoving a gun in my mouth and blowing my brains out. And I've received dozens and dozens of those emails. Even the non-threatening-my-life emails are very aggressive,' Michael Banerian told the Detroit News, adding that he has been labeled a 'hateful bigot' by the same people who are violently threatening him. A petition to demand electors change their vote to Clinton has also surpassed 4.5 million signatures. Meanwhile on Twitter , Hillary supporters are organizing on how to pressure electors under the hashtag #HamiltonElectors , a reference to Mike Pence being lectured by a cast member of the musical show. Unfortunately for them, conservatives found the hashtag and have now largely taken it over to decry leftists attempting to overturn the results of a democratic election. source SHARE THIS ARTICLE  
ARTICLE

NTEB Ads Privacy Policy HOCUS POCUS: Pope Francis Laughably Announces He Extends Priests 'Power To Forgive Abortions' The letter continues: "May every priest, therefore, be a guide, support and comfort to penitents on this journey of special reconciliation. "I henceforth grant to all priests, in virtue of their ministry, the faculty to absolve those who have committed the sin of procured abortion." by Geoffrey Grider November 21, 2016 Pope Francis has extended indefinitely the power of Catholic priests to forgive abortions, making the announcement in an apostolic letter released Monday. 
'For there is one God, and one mediator between God and men, the man Christ Jesus;' – 1 Timothy 2:5 (KJV) 
EDITOR'S NOTE: There is not a man on the face of the earth who has power to forgive your sins. The best anyone can do is point you to where forgiveness is, and that journey begins and ends with Jesus Christ . He shed God's own blood on the cross at Calvary to obtain that pardon for you, and He did not 'transfer that power' to any other human agency. When you step into the Catholic 'confessional' and ask a man for forgiveness, you step out of that box just as dirty as you went in. Cut out the phony middleman, and go straight to the Source if you want to be clean. If you put your trust in the black-robed, 'hocus-pocus' man from Rome, you will be gravely disappointed. Pun intended. 
It continues a special dispensation granted last year for the duration of the Year of Mercy — which finished Sunday — which gave all priests, rather than just bishops and specially designated confessors, the power to absolve the sin of abortion. 
While the practical effect of Francis' announcement remains unclear, it draws attention to the prevailing theme of his papacy: That the doors of the Church must remain open, just as God's forgiveness and mercy extend to all those who repent from sin. THE GOSPEL TRUTH ABOUT VATICAN CITY AND THE ROMAN CATHOLIC CHURCH 
That said , the Catholic Church's stance on abortion has not changed — it is still viewed as a 'grave sin.' But it makes it easier for women who have had abortions to be absolved for their actions, and rejoin the church. 
'I wish to restate as firmly as I can that abortion is a grave sin, since it puts an end to an innocent life,' the Pope's letter states. 'In the same way, however, I can and must state that there is no sin that God's mercy cannot reach and wipe away when it finds a repentant heart seeking to be reconciled with the Father.' 
The letter continues: 'May every priest, therefore, be a guide, support and comfort to penitents on this journey of special reconciliation. 'I henceforth grant to all priests, in virtue of their ministry, the faculty to absolve those who have committed the sin of procured abortion.' 
'For by grace are ye saved through faith; and that not of yourselves: it is the gift of God:' Ephesians 2:8,9 (KJV) 
Forgiveness for the sin of abortion , and for all sins, is found only in Jesus Christ and Him alone. 
 
ARTICLE

  U.N. Secretary General Complains That The 'Masses Have Rejected Globalism' In Favor Of Nationalism Antonio Guterres, elected in October to take over as U.N. secretary general next year, told a conference in his native Lisbon that this trend had undermined the willingness to receive refugees in Europe this year. He said the world must re-establish international protection for refugees coming from war zones such as Syria, but it would not be easy as developed countries were turning to nationalist agendas.   22, 2016 The incoming head of the United Nations warned on Tuesday that 'losers of globalization' in rich countries have felt ignored by establishment politicians, prompting them to turn to nationalist agendas, as in the U.S. election and Brexit referendum. 'Therefore wait ye upon me, saith the LORD, until the day that I rise up to the prey: for my determination is to gather the nations, that I may assemble the kingdoms, to pour upon them mine indignation, even all my fierce anger: for all the earth shall be devoured with the fire of my jealousy.' Zephaniah 3:8 (KJV) EDITOR'S NOTE: The Bible clearly says that God's desire is to 'gather all the nations of the world together', in order to 'pour His fury' upon them. The United Nations, something unique in world history, has been created by the will of God, and things are going to end exactly how the Bible says they will end. All Muslims will be driven out of Israel as prophesied in Zechariah 14:21 (KJV), Israel will expand its borders to cover the size of the original land grant to Abraham , and Jesus will rule the world from Jerusalem . And that will be the 'new' world order. Antonio Guterres, elected in October to take over as U.N. secretary general next year , told a conference in his native Lisbon that this trend had undermined the willingness to receive refugees in Europe this year. He said the world must re-establish international protection for refugees coming from war zones such as Syria, but it would not be easy as developed countries were turning to nationalist agendas. Antonio Guterres formally elected as UN chief: Europe has struggled to handle a huge influx of refugees, many of whom displaced by the war in Syria. The United States has accepted only a very small number of refugees and may take in even fewer next year. 'In 2016, we have witnessed a dramatic deterioration of that international protection regime (for refugees),' Guterres said. 'This example started in the developed world, it started essentially in Europe, it is spreading now like a virus into other parts of the world.' Guterres, who was U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees until last year, linked the growing resistance to accepting refugees to wider concerns about globalism. 'I don't think we can look strictly at the refugee issue, I think the problem is a broader problem,' he told the conference on Europe's refugee crisis. There was a consensus in the mid-1990s that globalization would benefit all, he said. 'But a lot of people were left behind … In the developed world, (there are) those who have been losers in globalization,' he said. 'The recent analysis of the rust belt in the United States, I think, is a clear demonstration of that, when we speak about the elections.' Donald Trump won this month's election in the United States in part thanks to support from voters who have seen their jobs lost to countries with cheaper labor. 'So globalization has not been as successful as we had hoped and lots of people became not only angry with it, but feeling that political establishments and international organizations are not paying attention, were not taking care (of them),' he said. This led to what he called 'a kind of evolution' in which anti-establishment parties now tended to win elections and referendums tended to attract majorities against whatever was put to a vote. source SHARE THIS ARTICLE  
ARTICLE

  Shocking Proof That The Mainstream Media Gives You More 'Fake News' Than Any Satire Site Ever Will Our lead-off fake news story is a classic. Filmed during the first Gulf War, it shows CNN "journalists" Charles Jaco and his crew pretending to be giving a "breaking news" update on the fighting. The only problem is that the outtakes clearly show they are not on the front lines but in a poorly decorated television studio. CNN presented this as real-life, happening now news. Completely fake.   23, 2016 In short , the current news that there should be a campaign against 'fake news' is of itself a fake news story. 
The progressive Left , spearheaded by the liberal media and Barack Obama, want you to be outraged over the current level of 'fake news' that is disseminating across the globe. What they mean when they say this is that they want satire sites, like The Onion , to be shut down. They attempt to make the laughable claim that satire sites ' changed the course of the presidential election .' But in point of fact, people are no more fooled by these sites than they are by 'fake news' broadcasting like SNL's Weekend Update and The Daily Show . Sites like these fill the gap that magazines like MAD and National Lampoon did years ago. And while a random sampling of low information Americans may be fooled by these satire sites, the vast majority of intelligent, everyday people are not. 
In short , the current news that there should be a campaign against 'fake news' is of itself a fake news story. But this is how they distract you, much like the streetcorner magician who has you looking off in one direction while he gins up his trick in the other. 
So let's take a look at a few times where the media and our government has deceived us with 'fake news' masquerading as an actual story. CNN Classic 'Fake News' Broadcast Pretending To Be On The Front Lines But Was Actually In TV Studio: 
Our lead-off fake news story is a classic. Filmed during the first Gulf War, it shows CNN 'journalists' Charles Jaco and his crew pretending to be giving a 'breaking news' update on the fighting. The only problem is that the outtakes clearly show they are not on the front lines but in a poorly decorated television studio. CNN presented this as real-life, happening now news. Completely fake. The assassination of JFK and the 'fake news' of the Warren Report commission: 
In 2016, there is so much information online regarding the Kennedy killing that no one seriously believes that Lee Harvey Oswald shot him or ever fired a shot at all. But J. Edgar Hoover insisted that Oswald take the fall , and the 'fake news' Warren Commission was hatched to advance that narrative 36 Times Obama Said You Could Keep Your Health Care Plan 'Fake News' Scam: 
One of the greatest 'fake news' scams of the modern era is hoaxer-in-chief Obama saying that ' if you like your plan, you can keep your plan '. Not only did this turn out not to be true – but – Obama was fully aware he was lying each and every time he said it. Not only that, every single media outlet in America repeated the lie, knowing it was a lie. George Bush selling the 'fake news' lie that Saddam Hussein had 'weapons of mass destruction': 
Hoo-boy, this was quite the 'fake news' whopper. Exactly what you would expect from the Bush Crime Family . Who helped Bush to sell this 'fake news' to the American public? Our old frenemies at the main stream media. How many US soldiers died as a result of this 'fake news' story? Right around 5,000 men and women were sacrificed for this. How our government and media use crisis actors to drive a narrative at staged horrific events: 
Of all the 'fake news' stories out there , this is one of the toughest to talk about. No, we are not saying that people didn't actually die at places like Sandy Hook and other places, because they did. But that does not mean that the event that killed them was not a staged event involving paid crisis actors. So for this one we are going you a couple of videos to consider. FBI's own statistics reveal that no one died in the Sandy Hook shooting: 
Before you go and accuse us of being 'insensitive' to tragedy, take a look and see the official number of deaths in Newtown, CT, in 2012. Why are the '27 victims' of the Sandy Hook shooting not on the FBI list? Hmm…looks like the FBI agrees with us. CLICK TO VIEW THE OFFICIAL FBI WEBSITE FOR HOMICIDE STATS IN CONNECTICUT IN 2012 
By now, you can clearly see who the real perpetrators of 'fake news' actually are. Its brought to you by our own government, and by the crooked and corrupt pretend news media who spend 24 hours per day broadcasting stories that are various degrees of falsehood. 
And what they are so upset about this year is that because of WikiLeaks , they were unable to use their 'fake news' to elect Hillary Clinton as president. The American people rejected their nonsense and journalistic lies, and they were left swinging in the breeze. 
As Kramer said so many years ago ' the only true news is the alternative media '. SHARE THIS ARTICLE  
ARTICLE

  Mayhem Awaits As Crooked Hillary Clinton Is Now Being Advised To Contest The Election Results If the results in the three states were to be overturned, Clinton would win enough electoral votes to win the presidential election. The pro-Hillary computer scientists want the Clinton campaign to contest the election results. Each state has a separate deadline to file a challenge, with Wisconsin's coming first on Friday.   23, 2016 Top aides to Hillary Clinton have been briefed on unproven claims that the presidential election was hacked by computer scientists, according to a new report. 
Campaign chair John Podesta and counsel Marc Elias heard the complaints in a conference call last Thursday, New York magazine reports . The allegations say Clinton won 7 percent fewer votes in counties that use electronic voting, compared with counties that rely on paper ballots in the state of Wisconsin. 
The campaign was told that the margin of suspicious votes would swing 30,000 votes to Clinton's favor. Clinton only lost Wisconsin to Donald Trump in the presidential election earlier this month by .7 percentage points, or around 27,000 votes. Hillary Clinton delivers statement on election results: The allegations also pointed to voting patterns in Michigan and Pennsylvania, states that Trump won only by razor-thin margins. 
If the results in the three states were to be overturned, Clinton would win enough electoral votes to win the presidential election. The pro-Hillary computer scientists want the Clinton campaign to contest the election results. 
Each state has a separate deadline to file a challenge, with Wisconsin's coming first on Friday. Clinton Supporters Breaks Down in Tears as Trump wins election: Nate Cohn, a New York Times reporter, poured cold water on the New York magazine report with his own analysis. 
'Effect of paper ballots in Wisconsin goes from 7 pts, like NY article, to 0 if you control for race education, density (true w&w/o weights,),' Cohn tweeted . 
He said the same voting pattern would apply in the other two states. 
So far, there's no indication the Clinton campaign intends to listen to the computer scientists and contest the election results. A spokesman for Clinton did not immediately respond to a request for comment. source SHARE THIS ARTICLE  
ARTICLE

  Iran Warns President-Elect Trump Not To Mess With Their Sweetheart Nuclear Deal From Obama President-elect Trump once said during his campaign that he would 'rip up' the agreement, drawing a harsh reaction from Khamenei, who said if that happens, Iran would 'set fire' to the deal.   23, 2016 Extending U.S. sanctions on Iran for 10 years would breach the Iranian nuclear agreement, Iran Supreme Leader Ayatollah Khamenei said on Wednesday, warning that Tehran would retaliate if the sanctions are approved. The U.S. House of Representatives re-authorized last week the Iran Sanctions Act , or ISA, for 10 years. The law was first adopted in 1996 to punish investments in Iran's energy industry and deter Iran's pursuit of nuclear weapons. The Iran measure will expire at the end of 2016 if it is not renewed. The House bill must still be passed by the Senate and signed by President Barack Obama to become law. Iran and world powers concluded the nuclear agreement, also known as JCPOA , last year. It imposed curbs on Iran's nuclear program in return for easing sanctions that have badly hurt its economy. Obama Announces a Historic Nuclear Deal with Iran: 
So the same guy who said you could 'keep your doctor' and 'keep your plan' now says this deal will solve the problem. Do YOU believe him? We sure don't. 'The current U.S. government has breached the nuclear deal in many occasions,' Khamenei said, addressing a gathering of members of the Revolutionary Guards, according to his website. 'The latest is extension of sanctions for 10 years, that if it happens, would surely be against JCPOA, and the Islamic Republic would definitely react to it.' The U.S. lawmakers passed the bill one week after Republican Donald Trump was elected U.S. president. Republicans in Congress unanimously opposed the agreement, along with about two dozen Democrats, and Trump has also criticized it. Obama's deal with Iran 'worst treaty since Chamberlain': Lawmakers from both parties said they hoped bipartisan support for a tough line against Iran would continue under the new president. President-elect Trump once said during his campaign that he would 'rip up' the agreement, drawing a harsh reaction from Khamenei, who said if that happens, Iran would 'set fire' to the deal. The House of Representatives also passed a bill last week that would block the sale of commercial aircraft by Boeing and Airbus to Iran. Trump and Clinton on U.S. nuclear policy, Iran deal: The White House believes that the legislation would be a violation of the nuclear pact and has said Obama would veto the measure even if it did pass the Senate. source SHARE THIS ARTICLE  
ARTICLE

  CALL HIM MR. 306: Michigan Finishes It's Vote Counting And Certifies Donald Trump As The Winner Across the nation, Donald Trump won 306 electoral votes -- including Michigan's 16 -- to 232 for Clinton. Trump is the first Republican presidential candidate since 1988 to win Michigan.   24, 2016 In the closest race for president in Michigan's history, Republican Donald Trump hangs on to a 10,704 vote win over Democrat Hillary Clinton. 
The Michigan Secretary of State posted results Wednesday that were submitted by the state's 83 county clerks on Tuesday after the votes were reviewed and certified by each county. 
Before that compiled count , Trump held a 13,107 lead over Clinton. But after each county certified its results, the lead shrunk to 10,704, with the biggest chunk coming from Wayne County, which showed that Clinton had gotten 565 more votes than originally tallied by the county. Donald Trump FINAL CAMPAIGN Rally in Grand Rapids, Michigan: 
The state's Board of Canvassers will officially certify the results on Nov. 28. The electoral college in all the states, including Michigan's 16 electors, will cast their votes on Dec. 19. Electoral College and the National Archives: 
'Many people have asked about Michigan's process for counting ballots and certifying election results. Please be aware that all 1,521 Michigan cities and townships completed ballot counting and reported unofficial results by the morning of Wednesday, Nov. 9,' according to a statement on the Secretary of State's website. 'The county canvassing boards, as they do after every election, then began their work to review and certify the results from each precinct.' 
Across the nation , Donald Trump won 306 electoral votes — including Michigan's 16 — to 232 for Clinton. In the popular vote, Clinton holds a lead of more than 2 million votes. 
Trump is the first Republican presidential candidate since 1988 to win Michigan. The vote totals that will be submitted to the state Canvassers Board on Nov. 28 are: Donald J. Trump, Republican: 2,279,543 Hillary Clinton, Democratic: 2,268,839
ARTICLE

  UP IN ARMS: Trump Nation Absolutely Rejects Mitt Romney For Secretary Of State Pick Mitt Romney, the 2012 GOP nominee, was highly critical of Trump during the campaign and called him a "phony," and a "fraud" and dedicated an entire speech in March to denouncing his candidacy.   24, 2016 Top Donald Trump aide Kellyanne Conway said she is receiving a deluge of comments about the possibility of Mitt Romney being selected as secretary of State. 
EDITOR'S NOTE: Donald Trump made promises that a majority of the American people clearly identified with, one of which was his promise to #DrainTheSwamp . But draining the swamp involves removing the inhabitants of that swamp. Globalist Mitt Romney, keeper of the Bush Crime Family legacy, is one of the big frogs in that elitist swamp. So it stands to reason that Donald Trump could – under NO circumstances – choose Romney for any position in his cabinet. What do you think? Please comment below. 
'Receiving deluge of social media & private comms re: Romney,' Conway said, linking to a story about Trump loyalists who are unhappy with the possibility. Receiving deluge of social media & private comms re: Romney Some Trump loyalists warn against Romney as sec of state https://t.co/HDtpjeJTc3 
— Kellyanne Conway (@KellyannePolls) November 24, 2016 
She also stressed loyalty as a key trait for a secretary of State in a follow-up tweet. Conway told CNN that her tweets reflect the private discussions she's had with Trump and Vice President-elect Mike Pence . Kissinger & Schultz as Secs of State flew around the world less, counseled POTUS close to home more. And were loyal. Good checklist. 
— Kellyanne Conway (@KellyannePolls) November 24, 2016 
'I am struck by the intensity and volume of resistance [to Romney] from the grassroots; words like 'betrayal,'' Conway said. 'I communicate with PEOTUS and VPEOTUS privately and regularly so this is not an attempt to do so publicly as some (who missed the election completely) are suggesting.' 
She said she respects 'completely' that these 'weighty decisions' rest with Trump, 'a man whose political instincts and unconventional campaign defied the critics and made history.' 
Some Trump supporters and allies have tried to steer the President-elect from nominating Romney as the U.S.'s chief diplomat. Mitt Romney, the 2012 GOP nominee, was highly critical of Trump during the campaign and called him a 'phony,' and a 'fraud' and dedicated an entire speech in March to denouncing his candidacy. 
'He attacked [Trump] on a personal level about his character, his integrity, his honor,' Trump supporter Mike Huckabee said on 'Fox & Friends' Wednesday. The former Arkansas governor added that it would be a 'real insult' to Trump voters if Romney was nominated to be secretary of State. 
Other Trump supporters, like former Speaker Newt Gingrich , have said they favor former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani for the job. 
'I think that, if you want someone who is going to go out and be a very tough negotiator for America and represent American interest in the way that Trump campaigned, I think that probably Rudy is the better pick and has the right temperament.' source SHARE THIS ARTICLE Geoffrey Grider NTEB is run by end times author and editor-in-chief Geoffrey Grider. Geoffrey runs a successful web design company, and is a full-time minister of the gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ. In addition to running NOW THE END BEGINS, he has a dynamic street preaching outreach and tract ministry team in Saint Augustine, FL. NTEB #TRENDING
ARTICLE

  RAGING INFERNO: Tens Of Thousands Evacuated As Officials Suspect Arson In Wildfires Spreading Across Israel On Wednesday, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu attributed the fires to "natural and unnatural" causes and some Israeli officials referred to an "arson intifada", a reference to previous Palestinian uprisings against Israel.   24, 2016 Tens of thousands of residents were ordered to leave Israel's third largest city on Thursday as wildfires tore across central and northern Israel, and the country's chief of police said politically motivated arson may be behind some of the blazes. Television pictures in Israel today showed a wall of flames raging through central neighborhoods of Haifa , a city of around 300,000 in the north of the country, engulfing a petrol station that firefighters were rapidly dousing with water. The fires have been burning in multiple locations for the past three days but intensified on Thursday, fueled by unseasonably dry weather and strong easterly winds. Education Minister Naftali Bennett, the leader of a far-right party, said whoever set the fires could not have been Jewish, hinting Arabs or Palestinians were behind them. Police gave no indication of who was to blame but did say they had reason to believe arson was responsible in some cases. Wildfires burning in Haifa, Israel: 'There was arson and a lot of non-arson,' Police Chief Roni Alsheich told reporters. 'It's likely that where it was arson, it goes in the direction of nationalistic,' he said, suggesting a political motive, before adding: 'I don't want to disturb the investigation.' He said there had been some arrests but gave no details. On social media, some Arabs and Palestinians celebrated the fires and the hashtag #Israelisburning was trending. On Wednesday, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu attributed the fires to 'natural and unnatural' causes and some Israeli officials referred to an 'arson intifada', a reference to previous Palestinian uprisings against Israel. With fires burning in the forests west of Jerusalem, around Haifa, on central and northern hilltops and in parts of the Israeli-occupied West Bank, the government sought assistance from neighboring countries to tackle the conflagration. Israel Wildfires Burning Out Of Control: Greece, Cyprus, Croatia, Turkey and Russia offered help, with several aircraft already joining efforts to quell the blaze, dropping fire-retardant material to try to douse the heaviest fires and stem their spread. A thick haze of smoke hung over Haifa, which rises up from the Mediterranean Sea overlooking a large port. Schools and universities were evacuated, and two nearby prisons transferred inmates to other jails, a prisons service spokesman said. Patients were moved out of a geriatric hospital. A lack of rain combined with very dry air and strong easterly winds have spread the fires this week across the center and north of the country, as well as parts of the West Bank. Hundreds of homes have been damaged or destroyed but no deaths or serious injuries have been reported. Bennett, the leader of the Jewish Home party which supports settlements in the West Bank where Palestinians seek statehood, said on Twitter that arsonists were disloyal to Israel, hinting that those who set the fires could not be Jewish. 'Only those to whom the country does not belong are capable of burning it,' he said in a tweet in Hebrew. Haifa's mayor said he feared for the city and called on residents with water sprinklers to turn them on to help keep the flames at bay. Those leaving their homes were urged to go to sports stadiums and other safer locations. 'Each neighborhood is situated among forests and while we are proud of this, at the moment it is a problem,' Yona Yahav told Israel's Channel 2. 'There are some four major fire locations at the moment.' משתתף עכשיו בהערכת מצב עם הכוחות בשטח בחפ״ק בחיפה pic.twitter.com/So4BdYBRB6 
— Benjamin Netanyahu (@netanyahu) November 24, 2016 Highway 443 , which links Jerusalem and Tel Aviv as it cuts through a southern flank of the West Bank, was temporarily closed to morning rush-hour traffic as flames reached the city of Modi'in, about half way between the two conurbations. Local weather forecasters have said the tinder-dry conditions – it has not rained in parts of Israel for months – and strong winds are set to continue for several days and they see little prospect of normal seasonal precipitation arriving. 'Meteorology is not responsible but it is conducive to the spread of these fires,' said Noah Wolfson, the chief executive of weather forecasting company Meteo-Tech. 'The atmosphere will remain very dry, at least until Monday or Tuesday.' source SHARE THIS ARTICLE Geoffrey Grider NTEB is run by end times author and editor-in-chief Geoffrey Grider. Geoffrey runs a successful web design company, and is a full-time minister of the gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ. In addition to running NOW THE END BEGINS, he has a dynamic street preaching outreach and tract ministry team in Saint Augustine, FL. NTEB #TRENDING
ARTICLE

  OBAMA'S WARS: First U.S. Serviceman Killed In Northern Syria By Improvised Explosive Device Today The death marks the first time a U.S. service member has been killed in Syria since a contingent of Special Operations forces were deployed there in October 2015 to go after the extremist group.   24, 2016 A U.S. service member was killed by an improvised explosive device in northern Syria on Thursday, the Pentagon announced in a statement. 
The service member was killed near Ayn Issa , a town roughly 35 miles northwest of the Islamic State's self-proclaimed capital of Raqqa . The death marks the first time a U.S. service member has been killed in the country since a contingent of Special Operations forces were deployed there in October 2015 to go after the extremist group. Obama last week talking about his failure to lead in Syria: 
'The entire counter-[Islamic State] coalition sends its condolences to this hero's, family, friends and teammates,' said Lt. Gen Stephen Townsend , the commander of the U.S.-led coalition fighting the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria. 'On this Thanksgiving please be thankful there are service members willing to take up the fight to protect our homeland from [the Islamic State's] hateful and brutal ideology.' The Pentagon usually waits 24 hours before releasing the name of a casualty to ensure proper notification to the service member's family. 
There are roughly 500 U.S. troops in Syria , mostly operating in support role to a coalition of Arab and Kurdish fighters fighting the Islamic State known as the Syrian Democratic Forces, or SDF. Earlier this month, Secretary of Defense Ashton B. Carter announced that the SDF had begun the initial operations to isolate and eventually retake Raqqa. source SHARE THIS ARTICLE Geoffrey Grider NTEB is run by end times author and editor-in-chief Geoffrey Grider. Geoffrey runs a successful web design company, and is a full-time minister of the gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ. In addition to running NOW THE END BEGINS, he has a dynamic street preaching outreach and tract ministry team in Saint Augustine, FL. NTEB #TRENDING
