ARTICLE

VIDEOS The US Military lied to thousands of soldiers — and now Veterans are paying for it Reevaluating how the U.S. government goes about irresponsibly sending these men and women abroad to fight insurgents who didn't pose a threat to Americans By Alice Salles - October 26, 2016 
Shortly after the U.S. invasion of Iraq, the Pentagon hired Bell Pottinger, a London-based PR agency. The PR firm was tasked with promoting what the Pentagon called 'democratic elections' in Iraq, ultimately earning over a hundred million dollars yearly. Part of the firm's job included producing 'fake al Qaeda propaganda films,' the Bureau of Investigative Journalism recently reported . 
Despite the PR operation's hefty price tag, the Pentagon seemed to have no issue allocating taxpayer resources to have these videos produced. But over ten years after the Iraq invasion, the Pentagon is now concerned about its past appropriations — at least part of them, anyway. 
Ten years after promising $15,000 bonuses to soldiers willing to re-enlist in 2006 and 2007, the Pentagon is now forcing California veterans to pay back the bonuses. 
The Los Angeles Times reports , 'officials signed up soldiers in assembly-line fashion' in 2006 and 2007, outlining the 'generous terms available for six-year reenlistments' to those willing to sacrifice their safety, leaving their homes, once again, to fight abroad in exchange for a large bonus. Now, the Pentagon wants their money back. To Get Soldiers to Re-enlist, the National Guard Lied 
In 2008, the movie Stop-Loss highlighted a reality few members of the public were informed about. 
With the growing involvement of U.S. military forces in Iraq and Afghanistan, soldiers who had already served in Iraq and Afghanistan for several tours were being asked to reenlist. Sometimes, these soldiers' term duties were extended forcefully via the government's controversial stop-loss policy , which allows the government to extend the period a soldier must spend on active duty involuntarily. 
In California, the state's National Guard began promising thousands of soldiers that they would receive $15,000 bonuses for going back to war. 
Now, nearly 10,000 soldiers who took the National Guard's promise at face value are being ordered to pay back the bonuses plus interest. In some cases, their wages are being garnished to fund the payments. 
This issue was first brought up when veterans ' whose only mistake was to accept bonuses offered when the Pentagon needed to fill the ranks' were the target of an investigation launched in 2010. 
After receiving reports of improper payments, a federal probe found 'thousands of bonuses and student loan payments were given to California Guard soldiers who did not qualify for them, or were approved despite paperwork errors.' 
As a result of the investigation, Army Master Sgt. Toni Jaffe, who also served as the California Guard's incentive manager, pleaded guilty to filing false claims totaling $15.2 million in 2011. Jaffe was sentenced to spend 30 months in federal prison, and three other officers who also pleaded guilty to fraud were put on probation. 
Breaking the National Guard's promise to soldiers whose reenlistment depended on the bonus distribution, the California Guard 'assigned 42 auditors to comb through paperwork for bonuses and other incentive payments given to 14,000 soldiers.' 
In September 2016, these auditors finalized the investigation, finding roughly 9,700 current and retired soldiers who had been given 'improper' bonuses. These soldiers have been told 'to repay some or all of their bonuses' since the probe was launched and the first cases were discovered. 
According to the California National Guard, these repayments have recovered more than $22 million so far, compromising veterans like Robert Richmond, who now works for a construction company in Texas. He was an Army Sergeant First Class living in Huntington Beach when in 2006, he was asked to reenlist. 
'I signed a contract that I literally risked my life to fulfill,' Richmond explained , adding that he only agreed to go back to war because he was told he qualified for a $15,000 bonus as a special forces soldier. 
The veteran had gone through a divorce after being deployed to Afghanistan in 2002 and 2003. Asked to consider the bonus to reenlist, Richmond thought the money was going to give him 'breathing room,' so he agreed. In 2007, he was sent to Iraq's ' Triangle of Death ,' an area a few miles south of Baghdad known for intense fighting. 
In one of the hundreds of missions against insurgents he was a part of, Richmond sustained permanent back and brain injuries after his vehicle triggered a roadside bomb. 
In 2014, the California Guard headquarters contacted him, letting the former special forces soldier know he was being urged to repay the $15,000 bonus he received in 2006. If he failed to make the payment, the letter said , he would face 'debt collection action.' 
Richmond refused to give the government any money back, filing appeal after appeal. '[Impacted soldiers] want somebody in the government, anybody, to say this is wrong and we'll stop going after this money,' he said . 'Support the Troops!': Code for 'Don't Question War?' 
In Washington, D.C., lawmakers have condemned the Pentagon, saying the soldiers were not at fault for accepting a bonus they were promised. 
Promising to open an investigation into the enlistment bonus problem, House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy (R-CA) called the Pentagon's demands 'disgraceful.' 
'The Department of Defense should waive these repayments,' McCarthy said in a statement . 'The House will investigate these reports to ensure our soldiers are fully honored for their service,' he added. 
Rep. McCarthy says the government should not be demanding any money back from veterans in his statement. The California Republican and also argued that 'we are the ones who owe a debt for the great sacrifices our heroes have made — some of whom unfortunately paid the ultimate sacrifice.‎' 
Instead of using this opportunity to highlight the importance of safeguarding our soldiers and keeping them from engaging in unconstitutional wars that are only successfully sold to the American public because administrations lie , McCarthy celebrates these very soldiers' sacrifices. 
Using this discussion to repeat the traditional 'support the troops' line, lawmakers like McCarthy steer the debate away from what's causing these soldiers so much pain and distress , acting as if relentless war hasn't been the reason they were lied to. Instead, McCarthy and others are pushing the government to keep its promise without reevaluating how the U.S. government goes about irresponsibly sending these men and women abroad to fight insurgents who didn't pose a threat to Americans at the time . 
In the 1964 film, The Americanization of Emily , which was based on a novel written by a veteran who had been a SeaBee officer on D-Day, character Lt. Comdr. Charles E. Madison gives a short speech explaining that '[those] who make heroes of our dead and shrines of our battlefields … perpetuate war by exalting its sacrifices.' 
Failing to discuss the real costs of war with the American electorate while exalting the sacrifices made by those who serve in the military is part of an ongoing campaign — deliberate or otherwise — to keep America involved in perpetual war. 
Don't believe me? Don't take my word for it. Instead, read what journalist Randolph Bourne had to say about the country's thirst for war in 1918: In times of peace, we usually ignore the State in favour of partisan political controversies, or personal struggles for office, or the pursuit of party policies. It is the Government rather than the State with which the politically minded are concerned. The State is reduced to a shadowy emblem which comes to consciousness only on occasions of patriotic holiday. … 'With the shock of war, however, the State comes into its own again. The Government, with no mandate from the people, without consultation of the people, conducts all the negotiations, the backing and filling, the menaces and explanations, which slowly bring it into collision with some other Government, and gently and irresistibly slides the country into war. 
War, Bourne concluded , 'is the health of the state.' This is not because all individuals involved with governing enjoy death and destruction per se , but because 'it is … in war that the urgency for union seems greatest, and the necessity for universality seems most unquestioned,' which forces the public to unite behind the state no matter what — especially if the occasion leading to war is 'terrifying' the public. 
While veterans whose bonuses are being questioned ten years later should be heard and protected from government abuse, we must not forget it was government's own thirst for war that initiated this cycle of deception. Let us not ignore the reasons why we should support our troops — and how we should go about it; simply claiming to be interested in celebrating U.S. soldiers for their sacrifice does nothing for them.

ARTICLE

October 26, 2016 'Maintain humanity under 500,000,000 in perpetual balance with nature.' ~ Georgia Guidestones 
This is one of the first of ten commandments blazoned across the Georgia Guidestones, an occult monument for which no person or organization has taken credit. Though the monument was commissioned by someone named R.C. Christian more than two decades ago, the true identity of the person who built this specter is still unidentified, and the message is but one of the many examples of a cabalistic desire to cull the population. 
There are many more 'hidden' in plain sight. 
The Georgie Guidestones state : 1. Maintain humanity under 500,000,000 in perpetual balance with nature. 2. Guide reproduction wisely – improving fitness and diversity. 3. Unite humanity with a living new language. 4. Rule passion – faith – tradition – and all things with tempered reason. 5. Protect people and nations with fair laws and just courts. 6. Let all nations rule internally resolving external disputes in a world court. 7. Avoid petty laws and useless officials. 8. Balance personal rights with social duties. 9. Prize truth – beauty – love – seeking harmony with the infinite. 10.Be not a cancer on the earth – Leave room for nature – Leave room for nature. 
Though some of these commandments seem harmless enough, the very first describes the supreme sentiment of the mysterious group of masons who erected the stones. If you want further narrative for what they bode, you don't have to look far. As Stanford University Professor, Paul Ehrlich , the author of The Population Bomb states , 'The first task is population control at home. How do we go about it? Many of my colleagues feel that some sort of compulsory birth regulation would be necessary to achieve such control. One plan often mentioned involves the addition of temporary sterilants to water supplies or staple food. Doses of the antidote would be carefully rationed by the government to produce the desired population size.' 
We can see clearly that the 'elite' class, intent on ridding the planet of its burdensome load, has already poisoned the water of 42 out of 50 states with lead . Pesticides and fertilizers poison the remaining states' water along with the original 42 states. Male infertility is rising due to these contaminants, and premature births along with miscarriage are more common due to others. If the water doesn't kill you, it will simply lobotomize you, or at least start the process. Harvard medical has pronounced that fluoridated water lowered IQ scores in children who drank it, and aluminum along with fluoride is a known neurotoxin, also contributing to the rising numbers of Alzheimer's, Parkinsons, and similar neurodegenerative diseases. READ: 11 Common Symptoms of the Global Depopulation Slow Kill 
Should poisoning the water be insufficient to keep the population down, we can look to the advice of David Brower, once Executive Director of the Sierra Club and founder of the Friends of the Earth. He suggests that, 'Childbearing [should be] a punishable crime against society, unless the parents hold a government license … All potential parents [should be] required to use contraceptive chemicals, the government issuing antidotes to citizens chosen for childbearing.' 
Forced and coerced sterilization at the hands of the Eugenics Board and other bodies is nothing new. Some investigators recently found that 148 female inmates in two California prisons were sterilized between 2006 to 2010 — and there may be 100 more incidents dating back to the late 1990s. One reporter wrote , ' The women were signed up for the surgery while they were pregnant and housed at either the California Institution for Women in Corona or Valley State Prison for Women in Chowchilla, which is now a men's prison. 
Former inmates and prisoner advocates maintain that prison medical staff coerced the women, targeting those deemed likely to return to prison in the future. 
Crystal Nguyen, a former Valley State Prison inmate who worked in the prison's infirmary during 2007, said she often overheard medical staff asking inmates who had served multiple prison terms to agree to be sterilized. 
'I was like, 'Oh my God, that's not right,'' Nguyen, 28, said. ' Do they think they're animals, and they don't want them to breed anymore? ' 
Today vaccines are used in a similar manner to help cull the population against their informed consent. Eugenicist, Bill Gates tried to ' field test ' his HPV vaccine in India on indigenous young girls, but the Indian government eventually brought a stop to this. The Rockefeller family also quietly funds vaccines that alter a woman's hormones to make her less likely to become pregnant or to maintain a pregnancy. A book titled Disciplining Reproduction by Adele E. Clark explains what the elites were planning as early as the 1930s. ' Other lines of current immunological contraceptive research continue to seek what, during the 1930s, Max Mason of the Rockefeller Foundation called 'anti-hormones': vaccines to block hormones needed for very early pregnancy and a vaccine to block the hormone needed for the surface of the egg to function properly .' 
Barack Obama's top science advisor , John P. Holdren has also said : ' A program of sterilizing women after their second or third child, despite the relatively greater difficulty of the operation than vasectomy, might be easier to implement than trying to sterilize men . The development of a long-term sterilizing capsule that could be implanted under the skin and removed when pregnancy is desired opens additional possibilities for coercive fertility control. The capsule could be implanted at puberty and might be removable, with official permission, for a limited number of births.' 
A simple look at the peer-reviewed Plos One site offers over 7,500 additional scientific articles that connect vaccines to sterilization. 
Should vaccines or forced implants be insufficient to reduce the number of 'useless eaters' in the world, as Henry Kissinger has implied, then there is also the revealing text of Dr. John Colemann, who outlines the aims of a Committee of 300, otherwise known as the original hierarchical organization to plan a New World Order . Among their plans are genocide, war, the installation of dictators, the legalization of drug use, and the normalizing of pornography : 'To bring about depopulation of large cities according to the trial run carried out by the Pol Pot regime in Cambodia. It is interesting to note that Pol Pot's genocidal plans were drawn up in the US by one of the Club of Rome's research foundations, and overseen by Thomas Enders, a high-ranking State Department official. It is also interesting that the committee is currently seeking to reinstate the Pol Pot butchers in Cambodia. '….To cause by means of limited wars in the advanced countries, by means of starvation and diseases in the Third World countries, the death of three billion people by the year 2050, people they call 'useless eaters.' The Committee of 300 (Illuminati) commissioned Cyrus Vance to write a paper on this subject of how to bring about such genocide. The paper was produced under the title 'Global 2000 Report' and was accepted and approved for action by former President James Earl Carter, and Edwin Muskie, then Secretary of State, for and on behalf of the US Government. Under the terms of the Global 2000 Report, the population of the US is to be reduced by 100 million by the year of 2050. '……To encourage, and eventually legalize the use of drugs and make pornography an 'art-form,' which will be widely accepted and, eventually, become quite commonplace.' 
Look no further than Syria , Iraq, Afghanistan, Turkey, and a myriad other examples of false flag terrorism . Look no further than the top twenty pharmaceutical companies (all U.S., Illuminati based ) that control almost 99 percent of the world's massive, 'legalized' drug trade. See clearly, the genocide happening around the globe , and the child sex trafficking and pornography which is silently abided in Hollywood, Washington, and in every government circle run by cabal-funded individuals. 
Look at the money usurped for the task of culling the masses, as former U.S. Secretary of State and presidential nominee, Hillary Clinton has stated : 'This year, the United States renewed funding of reproductive healthcare through the United Nations Population Fund, and more funding is on the way. The U.S. Congress recently appropriated more than $648 million in foreign assistance to family planning and reproductive health programs worldwide . That's the largest allocation in more than a decade – since we last had a Democratic president, I might add.' 
Furthermore, weather modification, or geoengineering , also known as chemtrails , additionally help the slow kill , or fast degeneration of the human species. NASA has admitted to using these weather altering programs, so there is no sense denying their presence. Aside from spraying lithium, strontium , barium, nano aluminum-coated fiberglass [known as CHAFF], radioactive thorium, cadmium, chromium, nickel, desiccated blood, mold spores, yellow fungus, and more, these chemical concoctions act as a global pandemic to further population control. 
Without mention of contaminated food, DARPA contrived control devices, and further attempts to make slaves of the remaining sheeple who live through these demonic efforts, know this; you are swimming in the depopulation agenda. The effects are all around you, and it is high time to put up some kind of resistance. Via Waking Times Image: sagesolar/Flickr Nathaniel Mauka is a researcher of the dark side of government and exopolitics, and a staff writer for Waking Times .

ARTICLE

VIDEOS Toxic chemicals found in children's Halloween makeup – study A new study finds the scariest part of the holiday may not be the costumes, but makeup for kids By RT - October 27, 2016 
'Halloween is supposed to make your skin crawl, but not like this. A new study finds the scariest part of the holiday may not be the costumes, but makeup for kids. Out of 48 makeup palettes, almost half contained toxic heavy metals. 
Nearly 20 percent of makeup palettes contain lead and cadmium, according to the newly published study by the Breast Cancer Fund. The study found that some products contained as many as four metals, including arsenic and chromium. Indiana housing complex to be razed after toxic lead levels detected https://t.co/qZy4gfTmnC pic.twitter.com/5bGsRti1Im 
— RT America (@RT_America) August 31, 2016 
Nine of the palettes were found to contain lead, a chemical that is unsafe at any level, for children particularly. Parents may have purchased and applied these products to their children unwittingly, as the makeup doesn't have to list ingredients on their labels. 
The BCF may have been among the first to test the palettes, as the FDA does not regulate this particular product. 
' The FDA that regulates makeup does not have the power to require pre-market testing ,' Jen Coleman with the Oregon Environmental Council told KGW. 
The cosmetic safety law enacted 75 years ago does not require testing even for products marketed to children. While the FDA cannot do anything about the problem, they have issued guidelines to avoiding ' a rash, swollen eyelids, or other reaction ' this Halloween. 
The guidelines make no mention of potential heavy metal poisoning, but they do offer advice like ' Follow all directions carefully ,' and ' Don't decorate your face with things that aren't intended for your skin. ' 
What's a parent to do in the meantime? Other than use all-natural makeup, the best option is to avoid dark pigments. The BCF study found a correlation between the darkness of the color and the lead content. The darker the color, the more lead it was found to contain.

ARTICLE

Study: Americans fear 'corrupt government officials' more than anything It's sad when more Americans fear government corruption than anything else, including death By Lexi Morgan - October 27, 2016 ( INTELLIHUB ) — According to a study conducted by Chapman University titled America's Top Fears 2016 , '1,511 adults from across the United States were asked their level of fear about 79 different fears across a huge variety of topics ranging from crime, the government, disasters, personal anxieties, technology and many others,' and you won't believe the results. 
The study addressed '11 major domains of fear' which included: Fear Domain

ARTICLE

The path to total Dictatorship: America's Shadow Government and its silent coup Unaffected by elections. Unaltered by populist movements. Beyond the reach of the law By John W. Whitehead - October 27, 2016 'Today the path to total dictatorship in the U.S. can be laid by strictly legal means, unseen and unheard by Congress, the President, or the people . Outwardly we have a Constitutional government. We have operating within our government and political system … a well-organized political-action group in this country, determined to destroy our Constitution and establish a one-party state…. The important point to remember about this group is not its ideology but its organization… It operates secretly, silently, continuously to transform our Government…. This group … is answerable neither to the President, the Congress, nor the courts. It is practically irremovable.'— Senator William Jenner, 1954 speech 
Unaffected by elections. Unaltered by populist movements. Beyond the reach of the law. 
Say hello to America's shadow government. 
A corporatized, militarized, entrenched bureaucracy that is fully operational and staffed by unelected officials who are, in essence, running the country, this shadow government represents the hidden face of a government that has no respect for the freedom of its citizenry. 
No matter which candidate wins the presidential election, this shadow government is here to stay. Indeed, as recent documents by the FBI reveal, this shadow government— also referred to as 'The 7th Floor Group' —may well have played a part in who will win the White House this year. 
To be precise, however, the future president will actually inherit not one but two shadow governments. 
The first shadow government, referred to as COG or Continuity of Government, is made up of unelected individuals who have been appointed to run the government in the event of a 'catastrophe.' COG is a phantom menace waiting for the right circumstances—a terrorist attack, a natural disaster, an economic meltdown—to bring it out of the shadows, where it operates even now. When and if COG takes over, the police state will transition to martial law. 
Yet it is the second shadow government —also referred to as the Deep State—that poses the greater threat to freedom right now. Comprised of unelected government bureaucrats, corporations, contractors, paper-pushers, and button-pushers who are actually calling the shots behind the scenes, this government within a government is the real reason 'we the people' have no real control over our government. 
The Deep State, which ' operates according to its own compass heading regardless of who is formally in power ,' makes a mockery of elections and the entire concept of a representative government. 
So who or what is the Deep State? 
It's the militarized police, which have joined forces with state and federal   in order to establish themselves as a standing army. It's the fusion centers and spy agencies that have created a surveillance state and turned all of us into suspects. It's the courthouses and prisons that have allowed corporate profits to take precedence over due process and justice. It's the military empire with its private contractors and defense industry that is bankrupting the nation. It's the private sector with its 854,000 contract personnel with top-secret clearances, 'a number greater than that of top-secret-cleared civilian employees of the government.' It's what former congressional staffer Mike Lofgren refers to as ' a hybrid of national security and   ': the Department of Defense, the State Department, Homeland Security, the CIA, the Justice Department, the Treasury, the Executive Office of the President via the National Security Council, the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court, a handful of vital federal trial courts, and members of the defense and intelligence committees. 
It's every facet of a government that is no longer friendly to freedom and is working overtime to trample the Constitution underfoot and render the citizenry powerless in the face of the government's power grabs, corruption and abusive tactics. 
These are the key players that drive the shadow government. 
This is the hidden face of the American police state that will continue long past Election Day. 
Just consider some of the key programs and policies advanced by the shadow government that will continue no matter who occupies the Oval Office. 
Domestic surveillance. No matter who wins the presidential popularity contest, the National Security Agency (NSA), with its $10.8 billion black ops annual budget, will continue to spy on every person in the United States who uses a computer or phone. Thus, on any given day, whether you're walking through a store, driving your car, checking email, or talking to friends and family on the phone, you can be sure that some government agency, whether the NSA or some other entity, is listening in and tracking your behavior. Local police have been outfitted with a litany of surveillance gear, from license plate readers and cell phone tracking devices to biometric data recorders. Technology now makes it possible for the police to scan passersby in order to detect the contents of their pockets, purses, briefcases, etc. Full-body scanners, which perform virtual strip-searches of Americans traveling by plane, have gone mobile, with roving police vans that peer into vehicles and buildings alike—including homes. Coupled with the nation's growing network of real-time surveillance cameras and facial recognition software, soon there really will be nowhere to run and nowhere to hide. 
Global spying. The NSA's massive surveillance network, what the Washington Post refers to as a $500 billion ' espionage empire ,' will continue to span the globe and target every single person on the planet who uses a phone or a computer. The NSA's Echelon program intercepts and analyzes virtually every phone call, fax and email message sent anywhere in the world. In addition to carrying out domestic surveillance on peaceful political groups such as Amnesty International, Greenpeace and several religious groups, Echelon has also been a keystone in the government's attempts at political and corporate espionage . 
Roving TSA searches. The American taxpayer will continue to get ripped off by government agencies in the dubious name of national security. One of the greatest culprits when it comes to swindling taxpayers has been the Transportation Security Administration (TSA), with its questionable deployment of and complete mismanagement of millions of dollars' worth of airport full-body X-ray scanners, punitive patdowns by TSA agents and thefts of travelers' valuables. Considered essential to national security, TSA programs will continue in airports and at transportation hubs around the country. 
USA Patriot Act, NDAA. America's so-called war on terror, which it has relentlessly pursued since 9/11, will continue to chip away at our freedoms, unravel our Constitution and transform our nation into a battlefield, thanks in large part to such subversive legislation as the USA Patriot Act and National Defense Authorization Act. These laws completely circumvent the rule of law and the rights of American citizens. In so doing, they re-orient our legal landscape in such a way as to ensure that martial law, rather than the U.S. Constitution, is the map by which we navigate life in the United States. These laws will continue to be enforced no matter who gets elected. 
Militarized police state. Thanks to federal grant programs allowing the Pentagon to transfer surplus military supplies and weapons to local   without charge, police forces will continue to be transformed from peace officers into heavily armed extensions of the military, complete with jackboots, helmets, shields, batons, pepper-spray, stun guns, assault rifles, body armor, miniature tanks and weaponized drones. Having been given the green light to probe, poke, pinch, taser, search, seize, strip and generally manhandle anyone they see fit in almost any circumstance, all with the general blessing of the courts, America's law enforcement officials, no longer mere servants of the people entrusted with keeping the peace, will continue to keep the masses corralled, controlled, and treated like suspects and enemies rather than citizens. 
SWAT team raids. With more than 80,000 SWAT team raids carried out every year on unsuspecting Americans by local police for relatively routine police matters and federal agencies laying claim to their own law enforcement divisions, the incidence of botched raids and related casualties will continue to rise. Nationwide, SWAT teams will continue to be employed to address an astonishingly trivial array of criminal activity or mere community nuisances including angry dogs, domestic disputes, improper paperwork filed by an orchid farmer, and misdemeanor marijuana possession. 
Domestic drones. The domestic use of drones will continue unabated. As mandated by Congress, there will be 30,000 drones crisscrossing the skies of America by 2020, all part of an industry that could be worth as much as $30 billion per year. These machines, which will be equipped with weapons, will be able to record all activities, using video feeds, heat sensors and radar. An Inspector General report revealed that the Dept. of Justice has already spent nearly $4 million on drones domestically, largely for use by the FBI , with grants for another $1.26 million so police departments and nonprofits can acquire their own drones. 
School-to-prison pipeline. The paradigm of abject compliance to the state will continue to be taught by example in the schools, through school lockdowns where police and drug-sniffing dogs enter the classroom, and zero tolerance policies that punish all offenses equally and result in young people being expelled for childish behavior. School districts will continue to team up with law enforcement to create a 'schoolhouse to jailhouse track' by imposing a 'double dose' of punishment: suspension or expulsion from school, accompanied by an arrest by the police and a trip to juvenile court. 
Overcriminalization. The government bureaucracy will continue to churn out laws, statutes, codes and regulations that reinforce its powers and value systems and those of the police state and its corporate allies, rendering the rest of us petty criminals. The average American now unknowingly commits three felonies a day, thanks to this overabundance of vague laws that render otherwise innocent activity illegal. Consequently, small farmers who dare to make unpasteurized goat cheese and share it with members of their community will continue to have their farms raided. 
Privatized Prisons. States will continue to outsource prisons to private corporations, resulting in a cash cow whereby mega-corporations imprison Americans in private prisons in order to make a profit. In exchange for corporations buying and managing public prisons across the country at a supposed savings to the states, the states have to agree to maintain a 90% occupancy rate in the privately run prisons for at least 20 years. 
Endless wars. America's expanding military empire will continue to bleed the country dry at a rate of more than $15 billion a month (or $20 million an hour). The Pentagon spends more on war than all 50 states combined spend on health, education, welfare, and safety. Yet what most Americans fail to recognize is that these ongoing wars have little to do with keeping the country safe and everything to do with enriching the military industrial complex at taxpayer expense. 
Are you getting the message yet? 
The next president, much like the current president and his predecessors, will be little more than a figurehead, a puppet to entertain and distract the populace from what's really going on. 
As Lofgren reveals, this state within a state, 'concealed behind the one that is visible at either end of Pennsylvania Avenue ,' is a 'hybrid entity of public and private institutions ruling the country according to consistent patterns in season and out, connected to, but only intermittently controlled by, the visible state whose leaders we choose.' 
The Deep State not only holds the nation's capital in thrall, but it also controls Wall Street ('which supplies the cash that keeps the political machine quiescent and operating as a diversionary marionette theater') and Silicon Valley. 
This is fascism in its most covert form, hiding behind public agencies and private companies to carry out its dirty deeds. 
It is a marriage between government bureaucrats and corporate fat cats. 
As Lofgren concludes: 
[T]he Deep State is so heavily entrenched, so well protected by surveillance, firepower, money and its ability to co-opt resistance that it is almost impervious to change … If there is anything the Deep State requires it is silent, uninterrupted cash flow and the confidence that things will go on as they have in the past. It is even willing to tolerate a degree of gridlock: Partisan mud wrestling over cultural issues may be a useful distraction from its agenda. 
In other words, as I point out in my book Battlefield America: The War on the American People , as long as government officials—elected and unelected alike—are allowed to operate beyond the reach of the Constitution, the courts and the citizenry, the threat to our freedoms remains undiminished. 
So the next time you find yourselves despondent over the 2016 presidential candidates, remember that it's just a puppet show intended to distract you from the silent coup being carried out by America's shadow government.

ARTICLE

Terrifying': AT&T spying on Americans for profit, new documents reveal 'If companies are allowed to operate in this manner without repercussions, our democracy has no future' By Nadia Prupis - October 27, 2016 
Telecommunications giant AT&T is spying on Americans for profit and helped   investigate everything from the so-called war on drugs to Medicaid fraud—all at taxpayers' expense, according to new reporting by The Daily Beast . 
The program, known as Project Hemisphere, allowed state and local agencies to conduct warrantless searches of trillions of call records and other cellular data—such as 'where a target is located, with whom he speaks, and potentially why'—for a massive range of investigations, the Beast 's Kenneth Lipp reports. In one case examined by the news outlet, a sheriff's office in Victorville, California used Hemisphere to track down a homicide suspect. 
Hemisphere was first revealed by the New York Times in 2013, but was described at the time as a 'partnership' between AT&T and drug enforcement agencies used in counter-narcotics operations. 
Neither, it turns out, is entirely true. 
Lipp writes: AT&T's own documentation—reported here by The Daily Beast for the first time—shows Hemisphere was used far beyond the war on drugs to include everything from investigations of homicide to Medicaid fraud. Hemisphere isn't a 'partnership' but rather a product AT&T developed, marketed, and sold at a cost of millions of dollars per year to taxpayers. No warrant is required to make use of the company's massive trove of data, according to AT&T documents, only a promise from law enforcement to not disclose Hemisphere if an investigation using it becomes public. 
The details were revealed as AT&T seeks to buy out Time Warner in a mega-merger that media watchdogs are warning would create 'dangerous concentrations of political and economic power.' 
Evan Greer, campaign director at the digital rights group Fight for the Future, said Tuesday , 'The for-profit spying program that these documents detail is more terrifying than the illegal [National Security Agency] surveillance programs that Edward Snowden exposed. Far beyond the NSA and FBI, these tools are accessible to a wide range of law enforcement officers including local police, without a warrant, as long as they pay up.' 
'It makes me sick to my stomach thinking about it,' Greer said. 
While the government can request that private companies hand over user data, the documents show that AT&T went above and beyond to make the operation profitable, Lipp writes. ACLU technology policy analyst Christopher Soghoian told the Beast , 'Companies have to give this data to law enforcement upon request, if they have it. AT&T doesn't have to data-mine its database to help police come up with new numbers to investigate.' 
And because the contract between the telecom company and the U.S. government stipulates only that agents not speak about Hemisphere if a probe using it becomes public, investigators may be left with no choice but to create a false narrative to explain how they obtained certain evidence, according to Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF) attorney Adam Schwartz. 
'This document here is striking,' Schwartz told Beast . 'I've seen documents produced by the government regarding Hemisphere, but this is the first time I've seen an AT&T document which requires parallel construction in a service to government. It's very troubling and not the way law enforcement should work in this country.' 
'At a minimum there is a very serious question whether they should be doing it without a warrant. A benefit to the parallel construction is they never have to face that crucible. Then the judge, the defendant, the general public, the media, and elected officials never know that AT&T and police across America funded by the White House are using the world's largest metadata database to surveil people,' he said. 
Greer added: 'Customers trusted AT&T with some of their most private information, and the company turned around and literally built a product to sell that information to as many government agencies and police departments as they could. Not only did they fail to have any safeguards to prevent unauthorized use of the data, they actually required law enforcement to keep the program secret and dig up or fabricate other evidence, to hide the fact that they'd received information from AT&T.' 
Fight for the Future called on AT&T to shut down the program and on the U.S. Department of Justice to investigate Hemisphere and reveal all the cases in which it was used. 
'If companies are allowed to operate in this manner without repercussions, our democracy has no future,' Greer said.

ARTICLE

Assange predicts Trump will lose, accuses Clinton Campaign of trying to hack Wikileaks It cannot be a free and informed election unless people are free to inform October 28, 2016 WorldCloudNews/Flickr 
In an amusing twist, Julian Assange whose Wikileaks has now had 20 individual releases of hacked John Podesta emails over the past three weeks and who has been accused by Hillary Clinton of collaborating with the Russians in an attempt to disrupt and subvert the US electoral process, accused the Clinton campaign of attacking the servers used by WikiLeaks. Speaking via telephone at a conference in Argentina on Wednesday, RT reported that Assange claimed the daily email release ritual has 'whipped up a crazed hornet's nest atmosphere in the Hillary Clinton campaign' leading them to attack WikiLeaks. 
'They attacked our servers and attempted hacking attacks and there is an amazing ongoing campaign where state documents were put in the UN and British courts to accuse me of being both a Russian spy and a pedophile,' he added. 
Assange described Ecuador's decision to shut down his internet for the duration of the presidential campaign as a 'strategic position' so that its 'policy of non-intervention can't be misinterpreted by actors in the US and even domestically in Ecuador.' He said he was sympathetic with Ecuador, insisting they face the dilemma of having the US interfere with their elections next year if they appear to interfere with the US elections next month. He also said that he did not agree with Ecuador's decision but did understand it. WikiLeaks will not be affected by the decision as they do not publish from Ecuador, he said. 
He did, however, reject the idea that WikiLeaks is interfering with the US election, claiming, 'this is not the interference of electoral process, this is the definition of electoral process – for media organizations and, in fact, everyone to publish the truth and their opinion about what is occurring. It cannot be a free and informed election unless people are free to inform.' It will, of course, be spun as interference if Hillary were to lose as the tables would then be turned, and instead of Trump slamming the 'rigged' elections, it will be Hillary who will demand a pound of flesh, perhaps literally. 
Assange did not stop there and also attacked US TV networks, many of whom he accused of being 'controlled by Clinton supporters.' If there is anything the Podesta emails have revealed, it is that he is correct in his assessment .

ARTICLE

VIDEOS 7 Malheur Wildlife Refuge standoff defendants acquitted in Oregon The federal trial of 7 Malheur Wildlife Refuge occupiers has come to an end and the verdict is in October 28, 2016 Via Pete Santilli/LiveStream 
PORTLAND (INTELLIHUB) — Seven brave individuals who occupied the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge last winter in protest of the Bureau of Land Management's treatment of the Hammond Family were acquitted of conspiracy charges Thursday as supporters cheered outside the courthouse. 
Ammon Bundy, Shawna Cox, David Lee Fry, Jeff Wayne Banta, Neil Wampler and Kenneth Medenbach were found not guilty on all counts, however the court could not reach a verdict on Ryan Bundy regarding a theft charge. 
The group's leader Ammon Bundy will remain in custody to later stand trial for another high-profile standoff which took place at the Bundy Ranch in Nevada where members of militia and the BLM pointed loaded rifles at each other. 
Ammon's attorney Marcus Mumford was tased in the courtroom then detained, following a small protest where he demanded that his client be set free, but U.S. District Court Judge Anna Brown said Ammon needed to be held by federal marshals until the Nevada trial. 
Oregon Governor Kate Brown (D), who ordered the FBI to act swiftly during the occupation, was not happy with the verdict, nor were other corrupt local officials, like Harney County Sheriff Dave Ward who violated the U.S. Constitution during the occupation. 
Shockingly, this case is a major victory for ranchers and Americans in general who surprisingly may still have rights. 
Brian Cavalier, Ammon's personal bodyguard, was sentenced earlier in the week to time served, 9 months, 'but remains under a U.S. Marshals Service hold, and is expected to be transferred to Nevada, where he faces another federal indictment stemming from the 2014 armed standoff with federal agents outside controversial rancher Cliven Bundy's ranch near Bunkerville, Nevada,' according to a report by OregonLive.com. 
Intellihub broadcast hours of the FBI's siege on the final four occupiers live, before and during their surrender, which you can find here . 
You can read more about the Malheur Wildlife Refuge standoff here . 
Shepard Ambellas is an opinion journalist, filmmaker , radio talk show host and the founder and editor-in-chief of Intellihub News & Politics. Established in 2013, Intellihub.com is ranked in the upper 1% traffic tier on the World Wide Web. Read more from Shep's World . Get the Podcast . Follow Shep on Facebook and Twitter .

ARTICLE

VIDEOS 5 things you need to know about the Dakota Access Pipeline protests Early reports of protesters being armed and violent have proven to be misinformation spread to demonize the opposition By Nick Bernabe - October 28, 2016 
A small Standing Rock Sioux site in North Dakota called the Sacred Stone Camp has been propelled into the national news narrative following their stand against the Dakota Access Pipeline. Due in part to independent media coverage of the ongoing standoff, the Sacred Stone camp has grown into a formidable opposition against the $3.8 billion, 1,200-mile long pipeline. 
Due to misinformation coming from law-enforcement, political favoritism toward the pipeline builders, and the media's blatant reluctance to report on the pipeline, it's hard to tell truth from fiction. Anti-Media , along with our partners in the independent media and our embedded journalist at the opposition encampment, have been covering the unfolding standoff continuously. Here are five things you need to know. 1. Who is opposing the pipeline — and why 
The Standing Rock Sioux tribe is leading the opposition to the Dakota Access Pipeline. They have been joined by the largest tribal coalition in over 100 years in their stand against the pipeline. The coalition is also comprised of activists, allies, and environmentalists, collectively known as 'water protectors,' at the Sacred Stone Camp, an encampment close to the location where the pipeline is planned to cross the Missouri River in North Dakota. According to the Sacred Stone camp website , they are opposing the pipeline because '[t]he Dakota Access threatens everything from farming and drinking water to entire ecosystems, wildlife and food sources surrounding the Missouri .' 
The Standing Rock Sioux also say the pipeline is violating treaty land , Sioux territory that was established many years ago by the federal government. 'We will not allow Dakota Access to trespass on our treaty territory and destroy our medicines and our culture.' 
The opposition to the pipeline spreads across several states and is not opposed solely by Native Americans. Farmers, ranchers, and landowners are also opposed to the pipeline. Many of them have had their land taken from them against their will and given to the pipeline via eminent domain. 2. The U.S. government and the pipeline corporation are continuing a long tradition of disrespecting Native Americans 
The United States has a very bad reputation for treating Native Americans, the original inhabitants of this land, as less than human. In many instances in the past, the land where Native Americans lived was deemed to be of higher value than the Natives' lives. 
Such has been the case in North Dakota — not only now, but in the past as well. According to The Atlantic : 
'The land beneath the pipeline was accorded to Sioux peoples by the Treaty of Fort Laramie in 1868. Eleven years later, the U.S. government incited and won the Great Sioux War, and 'renegotiated' a new treaty with the Sioux under threat of starvation. In that document, the tribe ceded much of the Laramie land, including the Black Hills of South Dakota, where many whites believed there to be gold.' 
After the federal government relegated the Sioux people to the 'Great Sioux Reservation' in 1851 , the treaty was re-written and 'renegotiated' by force whenever resources were discovered or when the U.S. government wanted land. Essentially, the Sioux people were victims of U.S.-sanctioned murder, and their land was stolen because gold was discovered on it. 
Fast forward to 2016 and the Sioux people are once again making a stand on land that was once — and still is, according to the tribe — theirs. How is the government reacting to this stand? By brutally arresting the Native American water protectors for trespassing . If that is not a miscarriage of justice, I don't know what is. 
Further, Energy Transfer Partners, the company pulling the strings behind the DAPL, has deep pockets, and its lobbyists have cozied up to federal, state, and local governments with jurisdiction over the pipeline route. This could explain why the company began its construction of the pipeline on Army Corps of Engineers land without even securing an easement , which is required by law. Dakota Access LLC, a subsidiary of Energy Transfer Partners, has also used the strong-arm of government to force farmers and landowners to hand over their land to the pipeline against their will. 3. Violent acts are being carried out in North Dakota, but not by the water protectors 
Violence is breaking out at the Dakota Access Protest site, but the protesters have nothing to do with it. Pipeline police, bolstered by the North Dakota National Guard and sheriffs imported from around the country, have turned the standoff into a war zone. Water protectors are regularly pepper sprayed, tear gassed, and violently arrested. Over the weekend, 127 people were detained in the biggest mass arrest to date. 
Militarized police at the Dakota Access Pipeline site are decked out in riot gear, armed with military grade weapons, use armored cars or MRAPs with snipers on top of them, and have regularly used LRADs, a type of mass crowd dispersal weapon that uses a high pitched noise to hurt people's ears — sometimes permanently . 
Early reports of protesters being armed and violent have proven to be instances of misinformation spread by law enforcement apparently seeking to demonize the opposition. No credible reports of violence by the protesters have been confirmed or prosecuted. Nearly all arrests stem from trespassing charges or crimes of journalism. 
When protesters initially began using civil disobedience to physically shut down the Dakota Access Pipeline site, they were confronted violently by security guards from British mercenary firm G4S. The mercs sicced dogs and used pepper spray on the protesters in an assault that went viral and helped catalyze even more support for the water protectors. 4. Independent media is under attack at the Dakota Access Pipeline — and the corporate media is ignoring it 
Independent media's broadcasts over the Internet are basically the only reason people around the country and the world now know about the struggle at Standing Rock. Unfortunately, journalists are not immune to the police crackdowns in North Dakota. Dozens of journalists have now been arrested, and an arrest warrant was issued for high-profile journalist Amy Goodman. One independent media outlet, Unicorn Riot , saw four of their journalists arrested in one day in North Dakota. One filmmaker is facing up to 45 years in prison for filming acts of civil disobedience against the pipeline. 
Anti-Media 's journalist on the ground, Derrick Broze, was tased by law enforcement while covering the protests on Thursday as this article was being written. 
Meanwhile, the national corporate media ignored the battle against the Dakota Access Pipeline as long as they could. For months, despite the DAPL emergence into the national narrative, ABC and NBC refused to air any coverage about it. A woman was arrested for protesting the pipeline on her own farm after Dakota Access LLC gained access to it against her will via eminent domain — yet there was still no corporate media coverage on the incident. 5. How you can help the opposition 
Now that you see what water protectors are up against in North Dakota, here's what you can do to help. Get yourself to the Sacred Stone Camp. The water protectors need reinforcements as people are regularly arrested. The bigger the stand, the more likely the pipeline's construction will be halted. Here's how to get there . Send supplies or donations. Water protectors need your help with supplies and funding. Go to this link to send supplies. Go to this link to donate to the cause. Support independent journalists that risk arrest to bring you the news from the front lines. Follow Sacred Stone Camp on Facebook. Share this article. 
For 10 more ways to get involved, click here.

ARTICLE

Americans preparing for strong possibility of violence on Election Day Are you worried about violence on Election Day? By Vic Bishop - October 28, 2016 
With the U.S. presidential elections just around the corner, concerns about violence on Election Day seem to be escalating. Several schools have announced that they will not hold classes when the polls are open due to fears of potential violence. According to a recent survey of voters, 'A 51% majority of likely voters express at least some concern about the possibility of violence on Election Day; one in five are 'very concerned.'' 
Voters have been very obsessive in what's been an emotional presidential election year. It is possible that supporters of the winning party make a public display showing off their victory to emphasize the painful fact that the other candidate has lost. Will they become easy targets? Whoever has lost may question the validity of the election and accuse of opposing side of manipulating the results. If it comes to this, should we expect civil unrest? It may be smart to stock up on a few days of extra food and water , so you can just hole up at home if need be. 
More details from the aforementioned survey can be found here . Election Year Has Been Filled With Political Hostilities 
It's no surprise people are apprehensive about Election Day. Voters in the U.S. have been passionately divided when it comes to the candidates. Many are fervent to keep the worse of two evils out of office. Decisions seem to be driven more by animosity towards one candidate, rather than by inspiration or vision offered by the other. 
Regardless if the voter survey offers an accurate representation of how Americans truly feel, we cannot deny that political discord has already incited violence in communities across the States. A summary here offers just a glimpse at the various incidents that have occurred during the year. Take a look below at the reception a man wearing a Trump hat received when attending a Clinton rally. 
Violence isn't exclusive to Clinton supporters. Two videos below show how Trump supporters respond to unwelcome demonstration by their opposition. 
With so much hatred and hostility surrounding the election, one can reasonably expect a violent, or at least unpleasant, conclusion. And any aggression will likely be exacerbated by the news media, which will make matters worse. Confidence In The Election Process Falters 
In addition to the looming question of who will be named president, another big unknown is how will U.S. citizens react? Will they accept the results of the election ? As per the previous mentioned voter survey, it seems that the confidence Americans once had in their election process is definitely floundering. Three of four say they have confidence that the United States will have the peaceful transfer of power that has marked American democracy for more than 200 years, but just 40% say they are 'very confident' about that. More than four in 10 of Trump supporters say they won't recognize the legitimacy of Clinton as president, if she prevails, because they say she wouldn't have won fair and square. More than two-thirds of Trump voters say they worry the election returns could be manipulated. In contrast, eight in 10 of Clinton voters say the returns can be trusted to be fair and accurate. ( source ) Best Course is to Stay Prepared 
The drama of the election year will likely continue after November 8. It is reasonable to expect that some communities will experience civil unrest, particularly where divisions are strong. It only makes sense to prepare, at least at the basic level, with a week's worth of storable food and water available in your home. It might also be smart to stock up your bug-out bag . Of course, some may feel the need to be a bit more aggressive with their preparedness plans: 'Since the polls are starting to shift quite a bit towards Hillary Clinton, I've been buying a lot more ammunition,' says Rick Darling, 69, an engineer from Harrison Township, in Michigan's Detroit suburbs. In a follow-up phone interview after being surveyed, the Trump supporter said he fears progressives will want to 'declare martial law and take our guns away' after the election. ( source ) 
Are you worried about violence on Election Day? Do you have a preparedness plan in place in case of civil unrest? Please share your views in the comments section below. Via Activist Post Featured Image: Jamelle Bouie/Flickr

ARTICLE

Homeless woman protecting Trump's Hollywood Star gets attacked by big fat guy Fat man assaults homeless woman over politics By Lexi Morgan - October 29, 2016 HOLLYWOOD, Calif. ( INTELLIHUB ) — A local homeless woman was captured on video defending Donald Trump's Hollywood Star , before being attacked by a big fat guy . 
The overweight man man could be seen on video pushing the woman while yelling, 'Get out of here bitch.' 
A split second later the woman was pushed to the ground while clinging to a cart containing her belongings. 
Another bystander could be heard asking the victim, 'Hey, where's Donald Trump at?' 
'He still ain't here,' the man said. 
This is disgraceful behavior for any American to engage in. Why would a big fat guy roughhouse a woman over politics? 
If this is what we are looking at now, what will we be looking at on Election Night or the days following?

ARTICLE

Your vote doesn't count; it all comes down to the electoral votes which all media is hiding from you! Find out why Clinton is ahead of Trump and may likely win October 31, 2016 Screen-capture: NBC News/YouTube ( INTELLIHUB ) — What the American people need to realize is that their vote literally does not count. That's right there is absolutely no point in voting as an individual because the election results are only based on electoral votes. 
Your vote is only a poll, to let the Establishment know what brand you like best, brand A or brand B, that's all, just like Jordan Maxwell pointed out in the documentary film SHADE . 
You see, 270 electoral votes are needed for either candidate to win. 
Right now, according to a website tracking the electoral votes, Hillary Clinton is in the lead with 258 electoral votes, compared to Donald Trumps 157 and there are only 127 remaining on the table for grabs. So you can see that as of yet, Hillary Clinton has the Electoral College wrapped up as expected. This is how Bush won the 2002 election.

ARTICLE

Massive 'Hillary For Prison' sign held up at World Series game 5 infuriates liberals See what made liberals so mad By Staff Writer - October 31, 2016 ( INTELLIHUB ) — A massive ' Hillary For Prison ' sign was held up at the post games show for the World Series game number five which made liberals furious Sunday night. 
During the show the 'sign was displayed prominently behind the commentators,' Youtuber Mark Dice reported. 
#HillaryForPrison

ARTICLE

VIDEOS Former Ambassador Andrew Young calls for end to water fluoridation, 'Civil Rights Issue' A letter has been sent demanding hearings to investigate why water fluoridation is being continued in the state despite all the reasons to end it By Brandon Turbeville - October 31, 2016 
Anti-fluoridation activists in Georgia received a major boost of support when former U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations under Jimmy Carter, Andrew Young, sent a letter to Georgia Governor Nathan Deal and House Speaker David Ralston demanding hearings to investigate why water fluoridation is being continued in the state despite all the reasons to end it. 
Ambassador Young is asking for a written response. His letter was also sent to the CEO of the American Water Works Association, David LaFrance. 
'What's clear to me is that we need a repeal of Georgia's water fluoridation law, and hearings to look into how fluoridation has continued all these years, long after there were plenty of reasons to end it,' Ambassador Young wrote. 
'This is a civil rights issue, and the people have the right to have the full story given to them, rather than highly edited, misleading talking points.' 
Young also addressed the sketchy nature of the pro-fluoridation argument when he wrote, When someone's story keeps changing, there are quite often motivations behind their changed stance that may not be aligned with the best interests of the public. The story offered by water fluoridation promoters keeps changing…and changing…and changing. There are key groups such as seniors, kidney patients, diabetics, communities of color, thyroid patients and people who drink a lot of water due to their occupation that are especially effected by Fluoridegate. 
'I am calling for Fluoridegate hearings, here, in Georgia and I am calling for a repeal of Georgia's fluoridation law, immediately,' Young added. 
You can read the full text of Young's letter here . We congratulate Ambassador Young on having the courage to speak out on this issue and we eagerly await the written response to it. Even more important, we are looking for an end to water fluoridation in Georgia.

ARTICLE

VIDEOS Huma Abedin: 'I have no idea how the emails got on Weiner's computer' Long-time Hillary aide Huma Abedin has told the FBI she was not aware any of her emails were on the laptop investigators seized By Tyler Durden - October 31, 2016 
With the FBI having obtained a warrant to begin poring over the 650,000 reported emails found on Anthony Weiner's computer, attention shifts to just what the FBI may find, with Democrats alleging that much of the thousands of emails allegedly sent from Huma Abedin's computer are duplicates or otherwise innocuous, while critics alleging more deleted and/or confidential emails may emerge. On her, behalf, however, long-time Hillary aide Huma Abedin has told the FBI she was not aware any of her emails were on the laptop investigators seized as part of its probe info Anthony Weiner's investigation. 
According to Politico , the FBI engaged in a back and forth over the weekend with Abedin or her attorney, when Abedin explained the situation. 
'She says she didn't know they were there,' a source familiar with the investigation said. This is a sensitive topic for Abedin and the Clinton campaign, because on previous occasions, Huma – under oath – disclosed that all the emails in her possession had been accounted for and handed over to the FBI. 
As CNBC adds ,'there are a number of scenarios that would explain how the emails got onto the laptop without Abedin's knowledge, including that they were somehow automatically backed up from the cloud. But investigators will want to know how this happened and if there is any indication that Abedin misled them about the existence of emails. It is a large project. Agents determined there were as many as 650,000 emails on the laptop, dating back years. The number of emails related to the Clinton investigation is likely to be much smaller. On Saturday, Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta said Abedin had been fully cooperative with the FBI investigation. 'I don't think she knows anything more than what we've seen in the press to date,' Podesta said Sunday on CNN's 'State of the Union.' 
'I'm sure…if people—proper authorities want to ask her questions, they'll ask her questions, but she's been fully cooperative in this investigation.' 
The FBI is now filtering the emails using a software program that will separate out any emails that investigators have not seen before. Those will be kept in a separate file and will be examined by FBI agents to see if they contain classified material or information relevant to the Clinton probe. It is not clear what FBI Director James Comey will do with the information once the FBI obtains it. Standard practice is for the FBI not to comment on investigations — but this is not a standard situation. 'We're in uncharted territory,' the source said. 
It is possible that Comey could indicate publicly what the FBI finds before Election Day next week, but that decision has not been made yet.

ARTICLE

VIDEOS If Clinton goes down, Loretta Lynch will go down with her Loretta Lynch's ties to the Clintons go back to 1999 when then-President Bill Clinton appointed her to run the Brooklyn US Attorney's office October 31, 2016 
Oh, Loretta. 
I'll bet that AG Loretta Lynch is shaking in her boots right now, because when Hillary Clinton goes down, Lynch's career will go down with her. Heck, maybe they'll even be cellmates. 
Loretta Lynch's ties to the Clintons go back to 1999 when then-President Bill Clinton appointed her to run the Brooklyn US Attorney's office. She left in 2002 and went into private practice, but returned to the Brooklyn office in 2010 at the behest of President Barack Obama. ( Here's her official bio. ) 
In 2015, she was sworn in to become the 83rd Attorney General of the United States, taking the place of the blatantly corrupt Attorney General, Eric Holder , who will probably be most famous for his roles in the Fast and Furious operation, inciting racial tensions, and his mishandling of the Lois Lerner/IRS debacle. First, there was the secret airplane meeting with Bill Clinton 
It all started to publically go downhill for Lynch during the first investigation into Hillary Clinton's carelessness with national secrets via her home email server . Right before FBI Director James Comey was to meet with Hillary Clinton to interrogate her about the subject, Lynch was busted having a secret meeting with Bill Clinton. The Washington Post reported: Clinton's private, unplanned meeting with Attorney General Loretta E. Lynch at the Phoenix airport last week, coming at a time when the Justice Department should be nearing completion of its examination of Hillary Clinton's use of a private server for her emails as secretary of state, will inevitably — and negatively — affect public attitudes about that investigation… …Lynch has tried to make amends, though not without leaving some confusion in her wake. In a conversation Friday with Washington Post editorial writer Jonathan Capehart at the Aspen Ideas Festival, she insisted again that the conversation was innocent — about grandchildren and golf and such — and did not touch on the investigation of the emails. But she said she recognized that others would not see it that way. 'The fact that the meeting that I had is now casting a shadow over how people are going to view that work is something that I take seriously, and deeply and painfully,' she said. Lynch said that she would 'be accepting' whatever recommendation the career prosecutors and FBI Director James B. Comey bring her — though she did not say she would remove herself completely from the case. She also said she had made that decision some months ago but was only now making it public. 
Of course, it was all much easier for Lynch to abide by the decision when Comey miraculously found that Hillary Clinton was not criminal in her negligence with national secrets. 
Now, though, people are asking questions about that ill-founded meeting. Judicial Watch has filed a lawsuit for 'all records' related to the illicit meeting between Attorney General Lynch and former President Bill Clinton. 'On June 29, 2016, Attorney General Loretta Lynch is reported to have met privately with former President Bill Clinton on board a parked private plane at Sky Harbor International Airport in Phoenix, Arizona. The meeting occurred during the then-ongoing investigation of Mrs. Clinton's email server, and mere hours before the Benghazi report was released publicly involving both Mrs. Clinton and the Obama administration. Judicial Watch filed a request on June 30 that the U.S. Department of Justice Office of the Inspector General investigate that meeting.' Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump suggested that during that meeting, Bill Clinton may have offered to extend Lynch's position in the AG's office during a Hillary Clinton administration. Then she blocked a congressional investigation into the notorious Iranian ransom payment. 
Last week, AG Lynch blocked a congressional investigation into the cash payments that the Obama administration made to Iran by pleading the Fifth. The Washington Free Beacon reported: Attorney General Loretta Lynch is declining to comply with an investigation by leading members of Congress about the Obama administration's secret efforts to send Iran $1.7 billion in cash earlier this year, prompting accusations that Lynch has 'pleaded the Fifth' Amendment to avoid incriminating herself over these payments, according to lawmakers and communications exclusively obtained by the Washington Free Beacon … …'It is frankly unacceptable that your department refuses to answer straightforward questions from the people's elected representatives in Congress about an important national security issue,' the lawmakers wrote. 'Your staff failed to address any of our questions, and instead provided a copy of public testimony and a lecture about the sensitivity of information associated with this issue.' 'As the United States' chief law enforcement officer, it is outrageous that you would essentially plead the fifth and refuse to respond to inquiries,' they stated. 'The actions of your department come at time when Iran continues to hold Americans hostage and unjustly sentence them to prison.' 
How very judicial of her. Lynch tried to shut Comey up about the new investigation into the Clinton emails. 
Now, even the mainstream media can't turn its head. 
Earlier I wrote about the fact that FBI Director James Comey made the decision on his own to go public about the new investigation into the Hillary Clinton emails. But let's talk a little further about Lynch's desperate attempts to shut him up. 
The New York Times reported that the Justice Department 'strongly discouraged Comey' against releasing the information: The day before the F.B.I. director, James B. Comey, sent a letter to Congress announcing that new evidence had been discovered that might be related to the completed Hillary Clinton email investigation, the Justice Department strongly discouraged the step and told him that he would be breaking with longstanding policy, three law enforcement officials said on Saturday. Senior Justice Department officials did not move to stop him from sending the letter, officials said, but they did everything short of it, pointing to policies against talking about current criminal investigations or being seen as meddling in elections. 
How interesting that it's seen as 'influencing the election' to investigate someone now but it wasn't back when she was investigated and not charged. I'm not sure exactly how that works, but according to USA Today (emphasis mine), a '…federal official familiar with Comey's decision said Saturday that the FBI director considered the attorney general's advice during a spirited discussion of the matter Thursday and early Friday but felt compelled to act.' Do you remember Janet Reno? 
Poor Janet was another Attorney General who went down for the Clintons. She was also sworn in as AG under Bill Clinton, and many questioned her appointment at the time. According to a report in the Chicago Tribune : She arrived in Washington from Miami as Caesar's wife, and so she has remained. She was ignorant and independent of insider D.C. and has stayed that way. Bill Clinton never much liked her and never confided in her, and she reciprocated. 
She became AG just in time to take the fall for the debacle in Waco , actually. According to History.com The Waco standoff had already begun by the time Janet Reno became the first female attorney general on March 12, 1993. She approved the FBI's tear gas plan the following month, explaining that negotiations with the Branch Davidians had stalemated and that the children inside the compound were at risk. 'We will never know whether there was a better solution,' Reno said in 1995. 'Everyone involved … made their best judgments based on all the information we had.' Nonetheless, a Republican-led congressional report called her decision 'premature, wrong and highly irresponsible.' She was also criticized when facts emerged contradicting some of her earlier statements. 
The Tribune post continued to discuss Reno's position as a scapegoat: Every day since she took office , she has been supervising at least one probe embarrassing to Clinton–Whitewater, fundraising, Lewinsky, China espionage, etc. Clinton can't afford the political beating he would take if he cashiered her. …But no such attorney general could have survived the Clinton scandals, much less survived them with her own reputation–and her department's–intact. 
Attorney Generals who have anything to do with the Clintons don't seem to fare too well. They end up so embroiled in Clinton scandals that they, too, are pulled down into the mire, regardless of what their intentions were when they started out. Lynch can see her future…and it has something to do with 'Help Wanted' ads 
The last time Lynch was involved in the Clinton email kerfuffle, she promised to abide by FBI Director James Comey's recommendation. 
I wonder if she'll make that same promise this time? 
She really can't, because if she does, it will show she was complicit with the Clintons the last time around, and also this time when she decried Comey's release of information about the investigation. 
I wonder if she and Hillary Clinton will be able to get adjoining cells when/if the truth comes out. Via Daisy Luther Daisy Luther is a single mom who lives in a small village in the mountains of Northern California, where she homeschools her youngest daughter and raises veggies, chickens, and a motley assortment of dogs and cats. She is a best-selling author who has written several books, including The Organic Canner , The Pantry Primer: A Prepper's Guide to Whole Food on a Half-Price Budget , and The Prepper's Water Survival Guide: Harvest, Treat, and Store Your Most Vital Resource . Daisy is a prolific blogger who has been widely republished throughout alternative media. On her website, The Organic Prepper , Daisy uses her background in alternative journalism to provide a unique perspective on health, self-reliance, personal liberty, and preparedness. You can follow her on Facebook , Pinterest , and Twitter .

ARTICLE

Proof Hillary Clinton and her foundation are working with the Russians to destroy America Why isn't the FBI investigating Hillary's actual connections to the Russians? By Shepard Ambellas - November 1, 2016 
Editor's Note: This article was originally posted back in January and links Hillary Clinton and the Clinton Foundation to the Russians. Now, seven days out from the U.S. Presidential Election, new rhetoric has surfaced in the media which shows that the FBI has investigated Donald Trump for possible Russian connections and of course has found no ties. But the real question to ask may be: Why isn't the FBI investigating Hillary's actual ties to the Russians which can be found herein this article? Please share this post everywhere, make it go viral! 
Related: Rancher Dwight Hammond threatened with 'bullet': Exclusive Interview 
PRINCETON, Ore. ( INTELLIHUB ) — As it turns out there's a lot more to the story behind the Malheur Wildlife Refuge — a whole lot more–and this article is just the tip of the proverbial iceberg. 
As you may or may not know, Intellihub reported on Jan. 4, that the Hammond's ranch and other ranch-lands surrounding the refuge sit atop a vast swath of precious metals, minerals, and uranium that's heavily desired by not only the federal government, but foreign entities as well. 
However, at the time of the article's publication the federal government's full motive to seize the land was not yet known other than the fact that these elements do exist in the vicinity and are invaluable. 
Now, after further investigation, more pieces of the puzzle have been put in place and you're not going to believe what characters are involved. 
I'll give you a hint — one of them is currently being investigated by the FBI and is also running on the Democratic ticket in hopes of becoming the next President of the United States. That's right, you guessed it–none other than Hillary Rodham Clinton of the notorious Clinton crime family . 
Hillary and her foundation are implicated in the dastardly scheme along with the Russian State Nuclear Energy Corporation, Rosatom, and a few dubious Canadian elite, which is where the news gets really bad. 
Rosatom is ranked #2 globally in uranium reserves and #1 globally for annual uranium extraction. The sheer power, strength, and size of the corporation is undeniable. Rostom is a major power-player in today's world and didn't become that way for no reason. 
You see, Rosatom wanted to expand their operations into America and needed a way in. So, in 2013, Rosatom acquired a Canadian company named Uranium One as part of a sinister side deal which involved multiple parties. Ultimately the deal opened a typically secure and closed-door, thus allowing the Russians to salt their way into Continental United States as part of a vast and extensive plan to mine Uranium ore out of states like Wyoming and Oregon. 
The deal was essentially brokered by Hillary and was ran through the Clinton Foundation using Canadian-backed contributions as a cover. With one swoop of a pen the bitch sold out the American people and one-fifth of America's uranium resources to the Russians. 
In April of 2015, two reporters for the New York Times boldly reported how the plan worked: At the heart of the tale are several men, leaders of the Canadian mining industry, who have been major donors to the charitable endeavors of former President Bill Clinton and his family. Members of that group built, financed and eventually sold off to the Russians a company that would become known as Uranium One. Beyond mines in Kazakhstan that are among the most lucrative in the world, the sale gave the Russians control of one-fifth of all uranium production capacity in the United States. Since uranium is considered a strategic asset, with implications for national security, the deal had to be approved by a committee composed of representatives from a number of United States government agencies. Among the agencies that eventually signed off was the State Department, then headed by Mr. Clinton's wife, Hillary Rodham Clinton . As the Russians gradually assumed control of Uranium One in three separate transactions from 2009 to 2013, Canadian records show, a flow of cash made its way to the Clinton Foundation. Uranium One's chairman used his family foundation to make four donations totaling $2.35 million. Those contributions were not publicly disclosed by the Clintons, despite an agreement Mrs. Clinton had struck with the Obama White House to publicly identify all donors. Other people with ties to the company made donations as well. And shortly after the Russians announced their intention to acquire a majority stake in Uranium One, Mr. Clinton received $500,000 for a Moscow speech from a Russian investment bank with links to the Kremlin that was promoting Uranium One stock. At the time, both Rosatom and the United States government made promises intended to ease concerns about ceding control of the company's assets to the Russians. Those promises have been repeatedly broken, records show. […] Soon, Uranium One began to snap up companies with assets in the United States. In April 2007, it announced the purchase of a uranium mill in Utah and more than 38,000 acres of uranium exploration properties in four Western states , followed quickly by the acquisition of the Energy Metals Corporation and its uranium holdings in Wyoming, Texas and Utah. That deal made clear that Uranium One was intent on becoming 'a powerhouse in the United States uranium sector with the potential to become the domestic supplier of choice for U.S. utilities,' the company declared. […] While the United States gets one-fifth of its electrical power from nuclear plants, it produces only around 20 percent of the uranium it needs, and most plants have only 18 to 36 months of reserves, according to Marin Katusa, author of 'The Colder War: How the Global Energy Trade Slipped From America's Grasp.' 'The Russians are easily winning the uranium war, and nobody's talking about it,' said Mr. Katusa, who explores the implications of the Uranium One deal in his book. 'It's not just a domestic issue but a foreign policy issue, too.' Yes, the Russians are winning the 'uranium war,' thanks to Hillary. Additionally BLM documentation shows: In September 2011, a representative from Oregon Energy, L.L.C. (formally Uranium One), met with local citizens, and county and state officials, to discuss the possibility of opening a uranium oxide ('yellowcake') mine in southern Malheur County in southeastern Oregon. Oregon Energy is interested in developing a 17-Claim parcel of land known as the Aurora Project through an open pit mining method. Besides the mine, there would be a mill for processing. The claim area occupies about 450 acres and is also referred to as the 'New U' uranium claims. On May 7, 2012, Oregon Energy LLC made a presentation to the BLM outlining its plans for development for the mine. The Vale District has agreed to work with Oregon Department of Fish and Wildlife on mitigation for the 'New U' uranium claims, which are located in core sage grouse habitat. Although the lands encompassing the claims have been designated core, the area is frequented by rockhounds and hunters, and has a crisscrossing of off-highway vehicle (OHV) roads and other significant land disturbance from the defunct Bretz Mercury Mine, abandoned in the 1960s. However, by the fall of 2012 the company said that it was putting its plans for the mine on hold until the uncertainty surrounding sage grouse issues was resolved. Once again the Whore of Babylon , Hillary Clinton, her foundation, and other members of government, have literally been caught conducting illicit, illegal, and treasonous, activities right underneath the noses of the American people and are in no way being held accountable. Moreover she has the nerve to run for president! Are you kidding me? Now Oregon Governor Kate Brown has stepped in, calling for a 'swift' resolution to the armed occupation of the Malheur Wildlife Refuge, clearly shilling for the Dems, criminally assisting them with their master plan to sellout every last bit of America's public lands to foreign entities like Uranium One, fully eviscerating whats left of the U.S. Constitution. So there you have it–rogue criminal factions of government are operating at all levels and are actually conspiring together to allow foreign corporations to invade and mine rich American resources, including uranium, from lands owned by the people. Uranium One's slogan is: 'Success through aggressive mine and land acquisition.' 
Additionally, President Obama has signed executive orders allowing the Department of the Interior to grab publicly owned lands. Update 1:29 p.m.: World Net daily published an article back in 1998 titled 'Federal Land Grab Called 'Political'.' In the article he author points out how Utah Republican Jame Hansen authored a bill at the time known as the 'Utah Schools and Lands Exchange Act of 1998.' According to the report, this bill passed in June of 1998, and gave 'Utah 139,000 acres of federally held land, certain mineral rights, and $50 million in exchange for all of Utah's claims to lands within national parks, monuments, forests and federal areas' under then U.S. President Bill Clinton's orders, further demonstration how the Clinton Crime Family has been using their vast political influence to loot some of the best assets from the Corporation of the United States, selling them for pennies on the dollar to private foreign corporations and one world bodies like the United Nations. Additionally we find this whole animal goes back the the Ronald Regan era–and possibly further. HCN.org reported back in 2004: […] President Ronald Reagan and his advisors looked across the West's public lands and saw dollar signs. Money was something they desperately needed in 1982, as the national deficit hit $128 billion. So James Watt, then U.S. secretary of the Interior, and John R. Block, the secretary of Agriculture, earmarked 35 million acres, or 5 percent of the nation's public lands (excluding Alaska), for the auction block. The plan to privatize public lands was met with outrage and skepticism, not only from Western liberals such as Arizona Gov. Bruce Babbitt, but also from conservatives like Sen. James McClure, R-Idaho, who objected because the states were cut out of the deal. Watt eventually withdrew Interior lands from the sale; shortly thereafter, the Forest Service's sale lost steam, too. However unpopular the proposed sales were, they weren't illegal. And the idea didn't go away. The framework for selling public lands has inched forward since the Clinton administration, and now the Interior Department wants to give it a higher priority. The 1976 Federal Land Policy and Management Act (FLPMA) required the Bureau of Land Management to identify lands that were 'uneconomical to manage,' or that stood in the way of a community's development. But the BLM lacked a strong incentive to identify such sellable lands: Under FLPMA, any money received from their sale would go directly into the U.S. Treasury, rather than into the agency's own coffers. Then, in 2000, Congress and the Clinton administration passed the Federal Land Transaction Facilitation Act (FLTFA), which changed how profits from BLM land sales were distributed. Twenty percent of any land-sale revenue would go toward the BLM's administration costs, while the other 80 percent had to be used to buy private inholdings within BLM lands that contained 'exceptional resources.' The act was based on a land disposal and acquisition mechanism in the Southern Nevada Public Land Management Act of 1998, which was crafted to accommodate Las Vegas' rapid expansion onto neighboring public lands. But FLTFA's profit scheme applied only to sellable lands identified before July 25, 2000. At that time, the BLM estimated it had 3.3 million acres of sellable land, but thanks to better inventories, its estimate has since shrunk to as low as 330,000 acres. From 2001 to 2003, the BLM sold almost 11,000 acres under FLTFA. Note: We know some of the land acquired by Uranium One is in Oregon and we know there are precious metals on and near the Hammond Ranch. Put two and two together. Stay tuned for more updates and confirmation as it is becoming increasingly clear that other companies and government entities are most likely also involved. The government, alongside private companies (including foreign-owned), are in the middle of a massive criminal land grab which the mainstream media is largely ignoring, instead opting to paint those in Oregon as crazy anti-government extremists. In other words, members of the mainstream media are directly responsible for helping to allow this takeover to happen. Other Sources: Uranium prospecting in Oregon, 1956 — State of Oregon 
What is that I spy east of I-17? BLM acquires more land for monument, prevents development — Daily Courier 
From Russia with no love for Colorado uranium mining climate — Colorado Independent 
All Oregon Dockets — USGS 
Presidential Memorandum — America's Great Outdoors — WhiteHouse.gov 
Public Versus Private Property Rights — BLM.gov 
About Uranium One — Uranium1.com 
What was the Whitewater scandal? — Investopedia 
Shepard Ambellas is an opinion journalist, filmmaker , radio talk show host and the founder and editor-in-chief of Intellihub News & Politics. Established in 2013, Intellihub.com is ranked in the upper 1% traffic tier on the World Wide Web. Read more from Shep's World . Get the Podcast . Follow Shep on Facebook and Twitter . Image: aphrodite-in-nyc/Flickr

ARTICLE

Blame government, not markets for monopoly Corporate mergers and 'hostile' takeovers can promote economic efficiency By Ron Paul - November 1, 2016 
When Time-Warner announced it planned to merge with another major communications firm, many feared the new company would exercise near-total monopoly power. These concerns led some to call for government action to block the merger in order to protect both Time-Warner's competitors and consumers. 
No, I am not talking about Time-Warner's recent announced plan to merge with AT&T, but the reaction to Time-Warner's merger with (then) Internet giant AOL in 2000. Far from creating an untouchable leviathan crushing all competitors, the AOL-Time-Warner merger fell apart in under a decade. 
The failure of AOL-Time-Warner demonstrates that even the biggest companies are vulnerable to competition if there is open entry into the marketplace. AOL-Time-Warner failed because consumers left them for competitors offering lower prices and/or better quality. 
Corporate mergers and 'hostile' takeovers can promote economic efficiency by removing inefficient management and boards of directors. These managers and board members often work together to promote their own interests instead of generating maximum returns for investors by providing consumers with affordable, quality products. Thus, laws making it difficult to launch a 'hostile' takeover promote inefficient use of resources and harm investors, workers, and consumers. 
Monopolies and cartels are creations of government, not markets. For example, the reason the media is dominated by a few large companies is that no one can operate a television or radio station unless they obtain federal approval and pay federal licensing fees. Similarly, anyone wishing to operate a cable company must not only comply with federal regulations, they must sign a 'franchise' agreement with their local government. Fortunately, the Internet has given Americans greater access to news and ideas shut out by the government-licensed lapdogs of the 'mainstream' media. This may be why so many politicians are anxious to regulate the web. 
Government taxes and regulations are effective means of limiting competition in an industry. Large companies can afford the costs of complying with government regulations, costs which cripple their smaller competitors. Big business can also afford to hire lobbyists to ensure that new laws and regulations favor big business. 
Examples of regulations that benefit large corporations include the Food and Drug Administration's (FDA) regulations that raise costs of developing a new drug, as well as limit consumers ability to learn about natural alternatives to pharmaceuticals. Another example is the Dodd-Frank legislation, which has strengthened large financial intuitions while harming their weaker competitors. 
Legislation forcing consumers to pay out-of-state sales tax on their online purchases is a classic case of business seeking to use government to harm less politically-powerful competitors. This legislation is being pushed by large brick-and-mortar stores and Internet retailers who are seeking a government-granted advantage over smaller competitors. 
Many failed mergers and acquisitions result from the distorted signals sent to business and investors by the Federal Reserve's inflationary monetary policy. Perhaps the most famous example of this is the AOL-Time-Warner fiasco, which was a direct result of the Fed-created dot.com bubble. 
In a free market, mergers between businesses enable consumers to benefit from new products and reduced prices. Any businesses that charge high prices or offer substandard products will soon face competition from businesses offering consumers lower prices and/or higher quality. Monopolies only exist when government tilts the playing field in favor of well-connected crony capitalists. Therefore those concerned about excessive corporate power should join supporters of the free market in repudiating the regulations, taxes, and subsides that benefit politically-powerful businesses. The most important step is to end the boom-bust business cycle by ending the Federal Reserve.

ARTICLE

VIDEOS Brother of Clinton's campaign chair is an active foreign agent on the Saudi Arabian payroll The system isn't rigged — it's performing exactly as intended — and always will as long as the vote validates its existence By Clare Bernish - November 1, 2016 
Tony Podesta — brother of the now-disgraced Hillary Clinton campaign chair John Podesta, whose files Wikileaks has been publishing — is not only a powerful Democratic Party lobbyist, but a registered foreign agent receiving a hefty monthly paycheck from the nefarious government of Saudi Arabia. 
No — as tinfoil-hat conspiracy theorist as it might sound — that scenario is the absolute truth. 
In 1988, John and Tony Podesta formed the Podesta Group and have used their bigwig party-insider status to lobby and influence government policies — while, at various times, simultaneously holding positions of power — which has created a number of glaring conflicts of interest. According to the March 2016 filing made in accordance with the Foreign Agents Registration Act of 1938, Tony Podesta is an active foreign agent of the Saudi government with the ' Center for Studies and Media Affairs at the Saudi Royal Court ,' and acts as an officer of the Saudi Arabia account. 
At this point, the web of pay-for-play between the Washington, political heavyweights, and foreign governments comes lurching into the spotlight. 
For starters, the Podesta brothers' lobbying firm receives $140,000 every month from the Saudi government, which, in no uncertain terms — and despite a status as privileged U.S. ally — wages a bloody campaign of censorship, murder, suppression, human rights abuse, and worse against its civilian population, while bombing hospitals, schools, and aid convoys in neighboring nations. 
John Podesta previously served as President Bill Clinton's chief of staff, founded the think tank Center for American Progress (which oh-so-coincidentally touts the need to reframe Saudi Arabia's hopelessly tarnished image), counseled President Obama, and now chairs Hillary Clinton's campaign. 
Tony Podesta acts as a foreign agent for the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia — lobbying to influence government policy in favor of the Kingdom — while also contributing to and bundling for Hillary Clinton's campaign. 
Think about that for a moment. 
One brother uses the influence of money to both affect United States foreign policy and infuse the Clinton campaign with cash — while the other wields the influence of power as a political insider for the same entities. 
As the Washington Post reported months ago in July, Tony Podesta's lobbying efforts 'raised $268,000 for the campaign and $31,000 for the victory fund.' 
'The Saudis hired the Podesta Group in 2015 because it was getting hammered in the press over civilian casualties from its airstrikes in Yemen and its crackdown on political dissidents at home, including sentencing blogger Raif Badawi to ten years in prison and 1,000 lashes for 'insulting Islam,'' Alternet reported . 'Since then, Tony Podesta's fingerprints have been all over Saudi Arabia's advocacy efforts in Washington DC. When Saudi Arabia executed the prominent nonviolent Shia dissident Sheikh Nimr al-Nimr, causing protests throughout the Shia world and inflaming sectarian divisions, The New York Times noted that the Podesta Group provided the newspaper with a Saudi commentator who defended the execution.' 
Notably, the Saudis' reputation has only worsened as further atrocities pile up — concerning not only a record number of barbaric beheadings this year, but suspiciously reckless and errant U.S.-backed coalition bombings of civilian sites in several regions of active conflict. 
Additionally, Tony Podesta's status as a registered foreign agent for Saudi Arabia is at least obliquely discussed in an email from April 15, 2015 — ironically revealed by Wikileaks' publishing of his brothers personal communiques — in which former Clinton Foundation chief development officer and now campaign national finance director Dennis Cheng wrote to a small group of insiders: 
'Hi all – we do need to make a decision on this ASAP as our friends who happen to be registered with FARA [Foreign Agents Registration Act] are already donating and raising. 
'I do want to push back a bit (it's my job!): I feel like we are leaving a good amount of money on the table (both for primary and general, and then DNC and state parties)… and how do we explain to people that we'll take money from a corporate lobbyist but not them; that the Foundation takes $ from foreign govts but we now won't. Either way, we need to make a decision soon.' 
To which general counsel to the Clinton campaign, attorney Marc Elias, replied [all errors original and emphasis added], 
'Responding to all on this. I was not on the call this morning, but I lean away from a bright line rule here. It seems odd to say that someone who represents Alberta, Canada can't give, but a lobbyist for Phillip Morris can. Just as we vet lobbyists case by case, I would do the same with FARA. While this may lead to a large number of FARA registrants being denied, it would not be a flat our ban. A total ban feels arbitrary and will engender the same eye-rolling and ill will that it did for Obama.' 
As the exchange continues, how to precisely handle the campaign's image with potentially controversial donors — while, at all costs, maintaining the flow of cash — becomes even more apparent. As strategist and campaign manager Robby Mook responds, 
'Where do we draw the line though?' 
Elias suggests a particularly intricate solution: 
'If we do it case by case, then it will be subjective. We would look at who the donor is and what foreign entity they are registered for. In judging whether to take the money, we would consider the relationship between that country and the United States, its relationship to the State Department during Hillary's time as Secretary, and its relationship, if any, to the Foundation. In judging the individual, we would look at their history of support for political candidates generally and Hillary's past campaigns specifically. 
'Put simply, we would use the same criteria we use for lobbyists, except with a somewhat more stringent screen. 
'As a legal matter, I am not saying we have to do this – we can decide to simply ban foreign registrants entirely. I'm just offering this up as a middle ground.' 
Mook eventually decides plainly, 
'Marc made a convincing case to me this am that these sorts of restrictions don't really get you anything…that Obama actually got judged MORE harshly as a result. He convinced me. So…in a complete U-turn, I'm ok just taking the money and dealing with any attacks. Are you guys ok with that?' 
All of this political wrangling appears to have had the desired effect — despite increasing calls for the United States to either rein in or sever completely its support for the bloody Saudi regime — the U.S. approved a stunning $1.29 billion sale of smart bombs to the Kingdom in November 2015. 
Tony Podesta's specific contract with the government-run Center for Studies and Media Affairs at the Saudi Royal Court, which will earn $1.68 million by year's end, does, indeed, suggest the infusion of a pro-Saudi message into the U.S. media propaganda machine. 
'Saudi Arabia is consistently one of the bigger players when it comes to foreign influence in Washington,' Sunlight Foundation spokesman Josh Stewart told the Washington Post . 'That spans both what you'd call the inside game, which is lobbying and government relations, and the outside game, which is PR and other things that tend to reach a broader audience than just lobbying.' 
That broader audience — the American public — has indeed been manipulated courtesy of at least the thoroughly-corrupt Clinton campaign if not surreptitiously by the Saudis, as well. 
As The Free Thought Project has repeatedly reported , the evidence of collusion among the Democratic National Committee, Hillary Clinton's campaign, and the mainstream presstitutes is indisputable — including no less than 65 so-called journalists listed by name in various leaks as darlings of the campaign. 
Although this level of corruption and collusion would be considered intolerable in nearly any other nation on the planet. And yet, at the center of this shit storm of contention is an official nominee for the White House — who will not be held responsible for any number of questionable and criminal acts. 
The system isn't rigged — it's performing exactly as intended — and always will as long as the vote validates its existence.

ARTICLE

Pieczenik: 'There is a coup in the White House and we are going to stop it' Full-scale counter coup launched November 1; the tyrants have been warned By Shepard Ambellas - November 2, 2016 ( INTELLIHUB ) —'The Clintons have been involved in corrupting our White House, our judiciary, our CIA, our Federal Bureau of Investigation, our Attorney General Loretta Lynch and our Diector of the FBI James Comey for some time now,' Steve Pieczenik said in his latest video released Tuesday 
Pieczenik said that a coup had been formed in the White House through 'political cronyism' and that 'the Intelligence community and others formally involved have gotten together' and 'initiated a counter coup through Julian Assange and Wikileaks.' 
'We have your number,' Pieczenik said, talking about the corrupt Administration. 
'We are going to stop you from making Hillary Clinton the President of the United States,' Pieczenik told the Establishment in a firm tone. 
'[…] we will convict and indict the President of the United States, Loretta Lynch and many other who are involved in the cover-up of the massive corruption that occurred under the Clinton Foundation.' 
'This is probably the first time in the history of any country where a coup was initiated through the Internet and a counter-coup was initiated through the Internet.' 
'This is bigger than me,' Pieczenik said before pointing out that good people in 'over 15 agencies' are working together to stop this criminal syndicate. 
'We have everything we need to undermine the Clintons' 
'We do not have weapons, we do not have the intent to kill anybody and we do not intend to harm anybody.' 
Pieczenik pointed out how the American public, along with good veterans and people in Intelligence agencies, will put a stop to the Clintons from once again 'assuming power.' 
'History is occurring in front of us.' 
Shepard Ambellas is an opinion journalist, filmmaker , radio talk show host and the founder and editor-in-chief of Intellihub News & Politics. Established in 2013, Intellihub.com is ranked in the upper 1% traffic tier on the World Wide Web. Read more from Shep's World . Get the Podcast . Follow Shep on Facebook and Twitter .

ARTICLE

VIDEOS Could the latest solar storm warnings bring an end to civilization as we know it? Here are 5 catastrophic consequences of a major CME hitting the Earth and changing life as we know it By Ryan Banister - November 2, 2016 
Did you know that the White House is currently coordinating with Homeland Security to make preparations for a possible solar storm that could bring an end to civilization as we know it? An Executive Order published on October 13, by the Obama administration shows an increasing concern among White House officials about 'solar flares, solar energetic particles and geomagnetic disturbances,' following a solar event which generated a Category G2 geomagnetic storm on October 8. This action could likely mean that we have an imminent solar threat in our near future. A solar discharge of great magnitude could mean entire countries could be without electricity, civil unrest and countless lives lost. If federal officials are preparing for this sort of disaster, we have enough reason to arm ourselves with the knowledge of what we might face. What are CMEs? 
Coronal Mass Ejections (CMEs) are violent explosions of plasma originating from the Sun's corona, out of which energized particles and powerful magnetic domains emerge as fast as 3,000 kilometers per second. A CME has an associated shock wave and electromagnetic pulse (EMP) that can travel toward the Earth and interrupt satellites and power grids around the planet. There are currently no public disclosures of CMEs being detected, but there is a significant geomagnetic storm event beginning, combined with the Executive Order previously mentioned, gives cause for concern about the possibility of a CME striking our planet in the near future. A recent report from the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) Space Weather Prediction Center predicts a Category G2 geomagnetic storm from October 24 – 26. An aurora borealis is projected to be seen in the skies above New York to Wisconsin to Washington state, and interruption to satellites and power lines are expected. 
It is possible that this particular storm is not the result of a CME, but in order to be prepared, one must first know what disasters may lie ahead and plan accordingly. Here are 5 catastrophic consequences of a major CME hitting the Earth and changing life as we know it: Satellite Disruption 
If there was a high-magnitude impact of solar energy and particles, we would see an immediate response on low-Earth orbiting weather, communications, and military satellites. Some satellites could be crippled for up to a decade . The first sign that a major CME is about to strike will be a loss of connection with or permanent failure of a portion of low-Earth orbiting satellites and their associated infrastructure. The shock wave, in combination with an EMP, would likely cause significant disruption of GPS signals, possibly creating long-term failures across the global navigation satellite system. This would have disastrous implications for commercial airplanes and ships, many of which rely on GPS guidance systems for landing and docking, and a failure of timing on either of these systems could put countless lives at risk. Seismic stations, computer network synchronization and many electric power grids across the world rely on GPS clocks. Geomagnetic disturbances associated with CMEs are known to disrupt GPS clocks through interference of high frequency radio signals in both air and ground transmission. Here is some more information on EMPs. Build Your Own Faraday Cage Out of an Ammo Can Power Grid Failure 
A large-scale geomagnetic storm generated by interactions between Earth's magnetic field and magnetic domains originating from the Sun could cause geomagnetically induced current (GIC), where transformers and power lines can experience a large flux in power from changes in the Earth's magnetic field. The transformers and associated infrastructure may overheat and the power grid across more than half of the U.S. and many other industrialized countries could fail and cause a widespread blackout scenario if there was a large enough solar event. A study by Metatech corporation shows that a GIC with comparable magnitude to that of the 1921 geomagnetic storm would be projected to destroy more than 300 extra high voltage transformers and adjacent power lines across the U.S., leaving approximately 150 million people without power. The study highlights the risk to the power grid saying, 'In 1921, a geomagnetic disturbance of approximately 5000 nT/min, ten times the magnitude of the 1989 storm, is believed to have occurred. A storm of this magnitude today would cause widespread damage to the electric grid of unprecedented proportions.' 
This means that all streetlights and stores could lose power without warning. Hospitals could lose power, causing failure of equipment and countless lives could be lost. Computers, cell phones, electric cars and anything else that requires a charge would die and be rendered unusable for the duration of the power grid failure. Credit card transactions and ATM machines will not work. A prolonged failure of even one-third of the grid could potentially require at least ten years for the repair and replacement of fried transformers, capacitors and power lines across the country. The end result of such a sudden and extreme loss of electricity would result in a cataclysmic loss of life, with projected human casualties at almost 100 million as a result from one major geomagnetic disturbance. Hurricanes & Tornadoes 
Hurricanes and tornadoes are thought to be closely associated with solar activity, according to Dr. Vladimir I. Merkulov, a Russian physicist who is well-known for his research into gravitational waves in the atmosphere and in vortex chambers. Merkulov has developed the Electro-gravitational Dynamic Concept of Hurricanes and Tornadoes based from observations of the physical structure of vacuum domains originating from the Sun. In his book, Amazing Hydromechanics , he says that tornadoes and hurricanes are caused by increased solar activity, including CMEs, from which vacuum domains emerge that have both electrical and magnetic properties. According to Merkulov, this means that a large CME event could be closely associated with an inestimable increase in the occurrence of tornadoes and hurricanes. While satellite communications fail and the power grid shuts down, residents of the Midwest may be dealing with multiple tornado strikes and coastal areas could have a hurricane fast-approaching the shoreline. Many of them may not realize the immediate threat that is heading toward them due to failing emergency communications being disrupted. Nearby hospitals may be unable to help those who are injured due to the failure of large portions of the power grid. Economic Collapse 
The economic collapse that would result from this event would create a poverty never before seen in North America. Losing electricity would mean that ATM machines will not work and banks will be closed. Losing access to electronic currency will cripple many who have become reliant on credit cards and other forms of digital currency. Grocery store shelves will be left entirely empty and supply trucks would likely be unable to resupply stores. If there are gas stations able to process transactions, gas supply will be severely limited. There is no reason to expect that the Federal Reserve Note will survive such a collapse; stored precious metals might become an alternative form of currency and bartering may become a primary means of exchange. Here are six ways to prepare for this type of disaster. Social Upheaval 
When people starve and are unable to get what they need for survival, you can expect that a certain amount of them will end up looting homes or stores . Those who do not live near a river or stream may entirely lose access to clean water, which could likely mean that millions of people would be forced to relocate within days of the initial event. Having firearms for self-defense will be necessary amidst the social upheaval resulting from a CME and the associated events mentioned above. There is no reason to expect that police and military will have the desire nor capability to help those who may fall victim to looters; everyone will have their own family and loved ones to look after. 
Knowing the risks to life and property that may lie ahead is only a part of the battle. Each of the likely future scenarios mentioned above should be planned for in conjunction with the others.

ARTICLE

VIDEOS Italy's earthquakes leave 15,000 homeless, 'soul of the country' damaged Given the strength of Sunday's new quake, experts said it was remarkable that it had not resulted in any more fatalities By Extinction Protocol - November 2, 2016 
Italian authorities said on Monday they were taking care of more than 15,000 people left homeless by the country's most powerful earthquake in nearly 40 years. Although Sunday's 6.6 -magnitude tremor did not result in any deaths, the third powerful quake in just over two months has left thousands of homes in ruins or structurally unsafe and emptied a string of villages and small towns across the country's mountainous central regions. The majority of residents of the devastated villages and towns have taken refuge with friends and family as they anxiously await a green light to return to their homes. 
But the national civil protection agency said on Monday it was providing assistance to 15,000 people affected by Sunday's quake, which was so powerful it caused cracks in buildings in Rome, some 120 kilometers (75 miles) away from the epicenter near the Umbrian town of Norcia. Some 4,000 people from the worst-hit area around Norcia have been sent to hotels on the Adriatic coast with another 500 taken by bus to the inland Lake Trasimeno. More than 10,000 are being put up in converted sports halls and other temporary facilities, including tents, across Umbria and the neighboring Marche region, the protection agency said. 
A further 1,100 people are still in Adriatic coast hotels as a result of the August 24th Amatrice earthquake, which left nearly 300 dead. Given the strength of Sunday's new quake, experts said it was remarkable that it had not resulted in any more fatalities. With many roads blocked by landslips or huge boulders dislodged by the quake, civil protection chief Fabrizio Curcio and reconstruction supremo Vasco Errani were surveying the damage by helicopter. Prime Minister Matteo Renzi has vowed that every damaged house will be rebuilt and that communities he described as part of 'the soul of the country' would not be abandoned. But after the trauma of three major quakes in such quick succession, the future of the already sparsely populated affected areas looks bleak. 'At the moment I don't see any possible future,' evacuated Norcia resident Antonella Ridolfi told AFP. 'Everything here will have to be rebuilt. There is nothing really solid left in the center. We have always bounced back after other earthquakes but we've never had to deal with one as strong as this.' – The Local

ARTICLE

VIDEOS Myths, misconceptions, and outright lies about nutrition are keeping people fat and sick We tend to seek out information that confirms what we already believe instead of considering all points of view 
Fatty foods make you fat. 
Carbs make you fat. 
If you eat 1,200 calories a day, you will lose weight. 
Eat whatever you want in moderation. 
Low fat and no-fat foods will help you lose weight. 
Sugar-free foods will help you lose weight. 
The list above provides a few examples of common beliefs about dieting and nutrition. 
But the truth is far more complicated. Nutrition just isn't that simple. 
Let's take another look at those statements. 
Fatty foods make you fat. But ..a vocados and almonds are sources of healthful fats. 
Carbs make you fat. But …f ruits and vegetables are sources of carbohydrates. 
If you eat no more than 1,400 calories a day, you will lose weight. But … are the caloric needs of a 300 lb man and a 110 pound woman the same? 
Eat whatever you want, as long as it is in your daily calorie range. So. .. how does one determine how many calories he or she needs? Does this mean eating candy bars all day – as long as I stay in my calorie range – is okay? 
Low fat and no-fat foods will help you lose weight. But…does this mean I can eat low fat cookies and chips every day and still be healthy? 
Sugar-free foods will help you lose weight. So…I can eat as much of them as I want? 
Common beliefs about diet and nutrition are often vague, misleading, and open to interpretation, and can lead to incorrect assumptions, as the examples above show. 
And looking to experts for advice doesn't necessarily make things any easier. 
It would seem that, in this age of marvelous technological advancement and state-of-the-art research facilities, we would have the ability to find definitive solutions to the diet-related problems that plague us. 
So, why don't we? 
Research Challenges 
In a piece for The New York Times titled Why Nutrition Is So Confusing , science and health journalist Gary Taubes explored this question. 
Since the 1960s, nutrition science has been dominated by two conflicting observations. One is that we know how to eat healthy and maintain a healthy weight. The other is that the rapidly increasing rates of obesity and diabetes suggest that something about the conventional thinking is simply wrong. In 1960, fewer than 13 percent of Americans were obese, and diabetes had been diagnosed in 1 percent. Today, the percentage of obese Americans has almost tripled; the percentage of Americans with diabetes has increased sevenfold. 
I'm reminded of a quote that is often attributed to Albert Einstein: 
The definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over again, but expecting different results. 
Taubes goes on to explain that in 1960, fewer than 1,100 articles on obesity and diabetes were published in medical literature. As of 2014, over 600,000 articles have been published that attempt to provide useful data on these health conditions. 
Yet, here we are, with higher rates of obesity, diabetes, and other diet-related health conditions than ever. 
It is possible, Taubes says, that the ever-increasing number of studies and books on dieting, obesity, and diabetes are 'the noise generated by a dysfunctional research establishment.' 
Science – nutrition science in particular – has limitations, he explains: In nutrition, the hypotheses are speculations about what foods or dietary patterns help or hinder our pursuit of a long and healthy life. The ingenious and severe attempts to refute the hypotheses are the experimental tests — the clinical trials and, to be specific, randomized controlled trials. Because the hypotheses are ultimately about what happens to us over decades, meaningful trials are prohibitively expensive and exceedingly difficult. It means convincing thousands of people to change what they eat for years to decades. Eventually enough heart attacks, cancers and deaths have to happen among the subjects so it can be established whether the dietary intervention was beneficial or detrimental. 
Nutrition research also suffers from funding issues. Pharmaceutical companies and the like do not benefit from such studies, so they (understandably) do not want to pay for them. There's no financial incentive to fund research on the benefits of whole foods. 
As a result, Taubes says, …we have a field of sort-of-science in which hypotheses are treated as facts because they're too hard or expensive to test, and there are so many hypotheses that what journalists like to call 'leading authorities' disagree with one another daily. 
In the article's conclusion, Taubes says our current situation is unacceptable, and asks that we challenge ourselves to do what it takes to find answers. Obesity and diabetes are epidemic, and yet the only relevant fact on which relatively unambiguous data exist to support a consensus is that most of us are surely eating too much of something. My vote is sugars and refined grains; we all have our biases. (Author's note: I am inclined to agree with Taubes regarding sugars and grains…at least for now.) 
Even when funding for studies IS available, problems are common, as Julia Belluz tells us in her Vox piece titled I asked 8 researchers why the science of nutrition is so messy. Here's what they said. Take the Women's Health Initiative, which featured one of the biggest and most expensive nutrition studies ever done. As part of the study, women were randomly assigned to two groups: One was told to eat a regular diet and the other a low-fat diet. They were then supposed to follow the diet for years. The problem? When researchers collected their data, it was clear that no one did what they were told. The two groups basically had followed similar diets. 'They spent billions of dollars,' says Walter Willett, a Harvard physician and nutrition researcher, 'and they never tested their hypothesis.' 
As most people who have tried to stick to any sort of weight loss protocol can testify, humans just aren't good at sticking with a diet for more than a few days without slipping. This trait makes short-term studies easier to conduct, but those kinds of studies don't measure long-term results. We can use the results of short-term studies to infer what long-term health effects may occur, but that requires a lot of guessing and assumption-making. 
It is also difficult (if not impossible) to control for what scientists call 'confounding factors.' Here's an example : Say you wanted to compare people who eat a lot of red meat with fish eaters over many decades. One hitch here is that these two groups might have other differences as well. (After all, they weren't randomly assigned.) Maybe fish eaters tend to be higher-income or better-educated or more health-conscious, on average — and that's what's leading to the differences in health outcomes. Maybe red meat eaters are more likely to eat lots of fatty foods or smoke. 
People are diverse, and so are food sources and foods themselves – factors which further complicate research. Animal studies have limitations, because, well, animals aren't humans, and have vast biological and lifestyle differences. 
Epidemiology, or the study of the patterns and causes of disease, is extremely difficult to do, as Kamal Patel, director at Examine.com , told Lifehacker : Nutritional epidemiology is a really, really tough thing to study. Harder than most other areas of health. Much harder than it sounds. Some people think 'Oh nutrition! I know about food and nutrition! That's much easier than some analyzing some obscure medication that I can't even pronounce.' Wrong. Medication effects can be complex, but nutritional epidemiology makes that look like child's play. … It's easy to see how the public can get mixed messages. Research results are notoriously unpredictable, since only some of the total number of studies get published. Studies have a higher chance of getting published if they show positive results, and food and supplement manufacturers can keep funding trials until one gets published. Nutrients interact with each other, so the effects of any one nutrient are hard to predict, let alone the effect of any one food in the midst of a diet comprised of dozens or hundreds of foods. So while I don't agree with everything Michael Pollan says, his message is generally on point: 'Nutritionism' is bound to fail. If you obsess about your diet and individual nutrients, you not only lose the benefit of the occasional cronut or Thanksgiving dinner, but you lose the forest for the trees. Natural foods are what's healthy, nutrients and the controversies they cause are what keeps research dollars flowing and flip-flops popping up every couple weeks. It's important to get nutrients, but it's wise to get them mostly through food, and only after that supplement what you need in a very targeted manner. 
Poorly designed research, different researchers studying the same effect but using different measurements and reporting outcomes differently, and researchers' tendency to selectively report positive or 'interesting' results all contribute to the already-murky nutrition science waters. 
Even well-done studies can produce contradictory results. 
Big Food Industry's Influence 
dishonest clever marketing by the 'food' industry all contribute to the confusion. 
When we have soft drink giant Coca-Cola creating its own 'research' group and pasta companies paying for studies that 'show' their products are linked to lower BMI (woooo boy was THAT study flawed!), well…you can see there are serious issues to contend with. 
**** 
Misinterpretation and Miscommunication of Findings 
If scientists can't come to a consensus, how can journalists possibly get it right and report it to us – the end users – accurately? 
In the article Cancer, the Media, and the Misinterpretation of Studies: A Cautionary Tale , I explained how typographical errors and misinterpretations of findings can lead to flurries of articles with misleading titles and flawed information being distributed to the masses. This is another way that nutritional myths are born. 
Truthful claims can sound very similar to misleading or outright false ones, so pay close attention to wording. 
Science writer and educator Beth Skwarecki provides us with an excellent example: Vitamins are magical substances that will make you more healthy if you are deficient!' Well, yeah. That's actually true. 'Vitamins are magical substances that will make you more healthy!' Sounds similar, but it's not the same, and it's not true in most cases. Then you can substitute various other chemicals or superfoods for the word 'vitamins' in that sentence. True claims and misleading ones sound very similar. 
**** 
As you can see, it isn't that we are lacking information. On the contrary; we are drowning in it , much of it conflicting, some of it flawed, and a lot of it biased. 
So, what should we believe? 
All of the problems we discussed above might have left you feeling hopeless. 
But there's some light at the end of the tunnel. 
The following are generally accepted as true. 
Artificial trans fats are dangerous . Saturated fat is not. You need fat in your diet . 
Eggs (especially the yolks) are very nutritious. Dietary cholesterol has not been proven to raise blood cholesterol or elevated risk of coronary heart disease. 
Butter , once believed to be terrible for health, is filled with vitamins, minerals, and beneficial fatty acids, and has anti-inflammatory properties. Raw, unpasteurized butter and cream contain a unique substance called the Wulzen factor , a hormone-like substance that prevents arthritis and joint stiffness. 
Coffee , chocolate , and nuts – all also labeled unhealthful in the past – have been shown to have nutritional benefits. 
Sugary beverages (sodas and juices) can damage health and are linked to excess body fat and type 2 diabetes. 
Most weight loss supplements will reduce your bank account, but not your body fat. 
The scale isn't very useful for measuring health or body composition, and neither is BMI . 
You don't have to count calories to lose weight. It works for some, but some people prefer tracking macronutrients like protein instead. 
Processed food package labels can be misleading and should be viewed with skepticism. Avoiding processed 'foods' as much as possible is a good idea, speaking of that. Studies show we eat far too much of them, and we are paying for it dearly. 
A few more things to keep in mind… 
When reading about diet and nutrition, expect to find conflicting information on most topics. Sometimes the issue truly hasn't been settled, and sometimes interpretation of the available data varies. 
Watch out for confirmation bias : We tend to seek out information that confirms what we already believe instead of considering all points of view. If you have already formed an opinion about something, intentionally search for information that conflicts with your current belief. It will be uncomfortable, but it is crucial to getting at the truth – which is what you want after all, isn't it? 
Look at the sources referenced in articles or books about nutrition. If there aren't any, be wary. Be VERY wary. 
Funding by industry doesn't always mean a study is biased or flawed, but knowing who paid for the research is one factor you can use while weighing the findings (remember the Coca-Cola and pasta 'studies' we talked about earlier?). 
Try searching public journals via PubMed or Google Scholar for studies. 
Parting Words 
Perhaps keeping it simple is the best answer. Maybe we've come full circle, and should go back to the basics. You really can't go wrong with whole foods, exercise, fresh air, sunshine, clean water, and quality sleep . 
And of course, question everything – including what you read on this website. 
'Be careful about reading health books. Some fine day you'll die of a misprint.' ― Markus Herz

ARTICLE

VIDEOS Something big is underway on all fronts: 'Within the next few weeks the future of the united states will be decided' Congress gave the green light to send weapons and munitions to Ukraine; the 'holdup' is due to Obama not wanting to jeopardize the election of Hillary Clinton By Jeremiah Johnson - November 3, 2016 
As of this writing, the increased U.S. troop presence in Eastern Europe includes a battalion-sized element of American troops being emplaced in the Suwalki Gap, Polish territory that borders Lithuania in a 60-mile stretch of corridor. The Russian Defense Ministry announced that 600 Russian and Belarussian airborne troops conducted training exercises in Brest, on the Belorussian-Polish border only a few miles from where the U.S. forces are deploying in Poland. This on the heels of Britain deploying 800 men, tanks, and jets to Estonia, along with pledges of Challenger 2 tanks, APC's (Armored Personnel Carriers), and drones. Two companies of French and Danish Soldiers will join the British in the deployment to Estonia. 
For the first time since 1945, Norway has violated its treaty with Russia (then the Soviet Union) not to station foreign troops on its soil. A company of U.S. Marines will soon be stationed for a 6-month deployment in Norway. The situation is heating up in Ukraine, according to a report on fort-russ.com entitled Ukraine Moves Massive Force up to Lugansk Frontline , published October 28, 2016 . The report reveals the Ukrainian Army is deploying 3,500 soldiers and 200 armored vehicles of the 15 th Motorized Infantry Brigade to Krasny Oktyabr in the district of Lugansk in Eastern Ukraine. For the first time in history, Romanian airspace is being patrolled by the RAF (Royal Air Force) of Britain. 
In addition, the Ukrainian National Guard is deploying a tactical company equipped with 82 mm mortars and AGS-17 auto grenade launchers, along with APC's and missile launchers. A separate reconnaissance battalion named the 'Night Shades,' a nationalist volunteer battalion will be deploying to Lugansk as well. No doubt they will receive a 'warm' reception, as the fighting has been ongoing in the region for more than two years. The area is a severe flashpoint, as the separatists are ethnic Russians of Ukrainian nationality who wish to secede in the manner that Crimea did…Russia annexed them after the popular vote to leave Ukraine. Now (since December 2015) the Congress gave the green light to send weapons and munitions to Ukraine; the 'holdup' is due to Obama not wanting to jeopardize the election of Hillary Clinton, as the Russians have stated weapons to Ukraine means war with the U.S. and NATO. 
Meanwhile the Varshankya-class stealth subs are deploying into the Black Sea as the Russian fleet is moving toward Syria. The Russian and Syrian armies continue to bomb and attack the al-Nusra/Jabhat Fatah ash-Sham fighters emplaced in the city of Aleppo. The mainstream media, meanwhile, is faltering in its attempt to create a 'sacred U.S.-coalition crusade' to 'free the city of Mosul,' as the offensive is not working quite as planned. There are also reports that the U.S. government has plans to 'navigate' Islamic terrorists from Mosul into Syria, to cause more problems for Assad and the Russians; the mainstream media is notoriously silent on the collateral damages being caused by the U.S.-led Mosul attacks, in which U.S. aircraft are supporting with bombing missions. 
Let's be clear on this: The U.S. is beefing up conventional forces of American troops into Eastern Europe and convincing NATO countries to augment these deployments with soldiers and equipment. The Russians have been responding with opposing counter-deployments to offset the U.S.-NATO movements. The aggressive stance is being taken by the U.S.-NATO-IMF hegemony in its military buildup in Eastern Europe and the Baltic States, the very 'backyard' of Russia. The bottom line: the stage is being set to start WWIII on the slightest provocation. 
The domestic perspective yields that just a few weeks after the ICANN (Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers) transfer from U.S. control to (basically) the UN on October 1, 2016, the U.S. has had a DDoS (Distributed Denial of Service) attack from hackers on October 21, 2016 affecting the east and west coast of the U.S. as well as Texas and part of Europe. Just one week before, on October 13, 2016   just 'in case' some 'space weather anomaly' were to cripple the power grid and electrical infrastructure of the United States. Something even worse that happened may really tie into this. 
Last week it was reported by the U.S. Army that Major General John Rossi had committed suicide . Rossi had been slated to take over as the Commander of U.S. Army Space and Missile Defense Command, and the Army Forces Strategic Command. General Rossi was about to complete 33 years of service and was only 55 years old. He was 'found' at Redstone Arsenal, and the Army just ruled it a suicide. The Daily Mail on dailymail.co.uk reported that a U.S. government official told USA Today: 'It seemed that Rossi was overwhelmed by his responsibilities' as a potential reason for his suicide. The problem is, he committed suicide on July 31, 2016…and it's taken two months for the Army to rule it as being a suicide? 
With the command assignment, Rossi would have been privy to every procedure and protocol to defend the United States against an ICBM (intercontinental ballistic missile) attack or an EMP (electromagnetic pulse) attack or event. He would know everything from the 'top' down: that is, the Commander-in-Chief (Obama) would have to foster a one-on-one relationship with the man who would hold the key post to defending against a foreign missile attack. Maybe this time the missile would not have been foreign, or if it was? It may not have been the leader of a foreign country to direct it against the United States. 
It is almost impossible to believe that a Major General of the United States Army just receiving a top command post, a 55-year-old soldier…a general officer…with 33 years of service, a wife, and a loving family would 'off' himself because of being 'overwhelmed by responsibility.' Men such as Rossi (the highest-ranking member of the military to do such a thing) do not shirk responsibility: they meet it, head on. The whole thing stinks of a purge , in the manner that the entire military of the United States has been purged of hundreds of senior General Staff officers, Admiralty, and Senior Noncommissioned Officers…replaced by 'yes' men over the course of Obama's term. 
The whole thing stinks of an assassination : no suicide note, no real press coverage, and nothing from his friends, family, or fellow soldiers. This occurs, and then Obama signs his Executive Order to 'protect' us from the dreaded space anomaly that will take down our infrastructure. Could this have possibly been a suicide? Think of all of the heartache and grief his family is going through with his loss. What about the benefits and retirement that his family would lose with such an act? If he really committed suicide, then it was probably because he found out about something so heinous, so vile that would occur to the U.S. that he couldn't live with it and probably couldn't stop it. 
Bottom line: Was he terminated when he wouldn't go along with a false flag EMP-plan conceived by Obama to take down our grid, cripple our response time, and set the stage for martial law and the suspension of all rights under the Constitution of the United States? 
As I have mentioned in the past, I repeat once again: 
The next war will be initiated by an EMP device detonated above the continental United States followed by a limited nuclear exchange and then conventional warfare. 
I never said that it wouldn't be Obama who initiated the EMP device, and in all probability if he doesn't initiate it…he'll either provoke it, allow it, or request it. We haven't even mentioned the voting (early voting) taking place where fraud is occurring in Maryland, Virginia, Illinois, and Florida, among others. The illusion of the vote: the joke of the year, but the joke is on us. 
And Obama is the joker, setting the stage for the transfer of power. That transfer is not going to occur with the losing candidate (in either case) going gently into that good night. The stage is set for a war to begin. The stage is set for a false flag operation to take down our grid. The stage is set to steal the election for Clinton or declare it null and void. Within the next few weeks, the future of the United States will be decided…with or without the consent of the governed.

ARTICLE

VIDEOS Will Barack Obama delay or suspend the election if Hillary is forced out by the new FBI email investigation? An A.I. system that correctly predicted the last three U.S. presidential elections puts Republican nominee Donald Trump ahead of #Hillary By Michael Snyder - November 3, 2016 
Just when it looked like Hillary Clinton was poised to win the 2016 election , the FBI has thrown a gamechanger into the mix. On Friday, FBI Director James Comey announced that his agency has discovered new emails related to Hillary Clinton's mishandling of classified information that they had not previously seen. According to the Associated Press , the newly discovered emails 'did not come from her private server', but instead were found when the FBI started going through electronic devices that belonged to top Clinton aide Huma Abedin and her husband Anthony Weiner. The FBI has been looking into messages of a sexual nature that Weiner had exchanged with a 15-year-old girl in North Carolina, and that is why they originally seized those electronic devices. According to the Washington Post , the 'emails were found on a computer used jointly by both Weiner and his wife, top Clinton aide Huma Abedin, according to a person with knowledge of the inquiry', and according to some reports there may be 'potentially thousands' of emails on the computer that the FBI did not have access to previously. Even though there are less than two weeks to go until election day, this scandal has the potential to possibly force Clinton out of the race, and if that happens could Barack Obama delay or suspend the election until a replacement candidate can be found? 
Let's take this one step at a time. On Friday, financial markets tanked when reports of these new Clinton emails hit the wires. The following comes from CNN … After recommending earlier this year that the Department of Justice not press charges against the former secretary of state, Comey said in a letter to eight congressional committee chairmen that investigators are examining newly discovered emails that 'appear to be pertinent' to the email probe. 'In connection with an unrelated case, the FBI has learned of the existence of emails that appear pertinent to the investigation,' Comey wrote the chairmen. 'I am writing to inform you that the investigative team briefed me on this yesterday, and I agreed that the FBI should take appropriate investigative steps designed to allow investigators to review these emails to determine whether they contain classified information, as well as to assess their importance to our investigation.' 
At this point, we do not know what is contained in these emails. But without a doubt Huma Abedin is Hillary Clinton's closest confidant, and I have always felt that she was Clinton's Achilles heel. Journalist Carl Bernstein (of Watergate fame) is fully convinced that the FBI would have never made this move unless something significant had already been discovered … We don't know what this means yet except that it's a real bombshell. And it is unthinkable that the Director of the FBI would take this action lightly, that he would put this letter forth to the Congress of the United States saying there is more information out there about classified e-mails and call it to the attention of congress unless it was something requiring serious investigation. So that's where we are… Is it a certainty that we won't learn before the election? I'm not sure it's a certainty we won't learn before the election. One thing is, it's possible that Hillary Clinton might want to on her own initiative talk to the FBI and find out what she can, and if she chooses to let the American people know what she thinks or knows is going on. People need to hear from her… 
If the FBI has indeed found something explosive, would they actually charge her with a crime right before the election? 
It is possible, but we also have to remember that government agencies (including the FBI) tend to move very, very slowly. If there are thousands of emails, it is going to take quite a while to sift through them all. And of course Barack Obama has lots of ways that he could influence, delay or even shut down the investigation. 
So those that are counting on this to be the miracle that Donald Trump needs should not count their chickens before they hatch. 
But if Hillary Clinton were to be forced out of the race by this FBI investigation, the Democrats would have to decide on a new candidate, and that would take time. The following is from a U.S. News & World Report article that examined what would happen if one of the candidates was forced out of the race for some reason… If Clinton were to fall off the ticket, Democratic National Committee members would gather to vote on a replacement. DNC members acted as superdelegates during this year's primary and overwhelmingly backed Clinton over boat-rocking socialist Sen. Bernie Sanders of Vermont. DNC spokesman Mark Paustenbach says there currently are 445 committee members – a number that changes over time and is guided by the group's bylaws, which give membership to specific officeholders and party leaders and hold 200 spots for selection by states, along with an optional 75 slots DNC members can choose to fill. But the party rules for replacing a presidential nominee merely specify that a majority of members must be present at a special meeting called by the committee chairman. The meeting would follow procedures set by the DNC Rules and Bylaws Committee and proxy voting would not be allowed. 
It would be extremely challenging to get a majority of the members of the Democratic National Committee together on such short notice. If Clinton were to drop out next week, it would be almost impossible for this to happen before election day. 
In such a scenario, Barack Obama may attempt to invoke his emergency powers . Since the election would not be 'fair' until the Democrats have a new candidate, he could try to delay or suspend the election. There would be a lot of controversy as to whether this is legal or not, but Barack Obama has not let the U.S. Constitution stop him in the past. 
Meanwhile, new poll numbers show that the Trump campaign was already gaining momentum even before this story about the new emails broke. According to a brand new ABC News/Washington Post survey, Donald Trump is now only trailing Hillary Clinton by 4 points after trailing her by as much as 12 points last weekend. 
And CNBC is reporting on a highly advanced artificial intelligence system that accurately predicted the outcomes of the presidential primaries and which is now indicating that Trump will be the winner in November… An artificial intelligence system that correctly predicted the last three U.S. presidential elections puts Republican nominee Donald Trump ahead of Democrat rival Hillary Clinton in the race for the White House. MogIA was developed by Sanjiv Rai, founder of Indian start-up Genic.ai. It takes in 20 million data points from public platforms including Google, Facebook, Twitter and YouTube in the U.S. and then analyzes the information to create predictions. The AI system was created in 2004, so it has been getting smarter all the time. It had already correctly predicted the results of the Democratic and Republican Primaries. 
Without Hillary at the top of the ticket, the odds of a Trump victory would go way, way up. 
So if Hillary is forced out of the race by this investigation, Barack Obama and the Democrats will want to delay or suspend the election for as long as possible if they can. 
At this point there is probably not a high probability that such a scenario will play out, but in this crazy election year we have already seen that just about anything can happen.

ARTICLE

U.S. Intelligence: 'Expect al-Qaeda attacks Monday in New York, Virginia and Texas' Will terror attacks sweep 3 major cities and help the Establishment suspend the elections? By Shepard Ambellas - November 4, 2016 ( INTELLIHUB ) — The U.S. Intelligence community has warned that al-Qaeda may attack three U.S. cities Monday, one day before the U.S. Presidential Election comes to a head. 
Sources believe that New York, Virginia and Texas may be threatened but are mentioning no specific locations. 
'The counterterrorism and homeland security communities remain vigilant and well-postured to defend against attacks here in the United States. The FBI, working with our federal, state and local counterparts, shares and assesses intelligence on a daily basis and will continue to work closely with law enforcement and intelligence community partners to identify and disrupt any potential threat to public safety,' the FBI told ABC News. 
If such a terror attack were to happen, keep in mind that President Barack Obama would likely use executive authority to remain in office after declaring a State of Emergency and suspending the elections. 
#FalseFlag 
Shepard Ambellas is an opinion journalist, filmmaker , radio talk show host and the founder and editor-in-chief of Intellihub News & Politics. Established in 2013, Intellihub.com is ranked in the upper 1% traffic tier on the World Wide Web. Read more from Shep's World . Get the Podcast . Follow Shep on Facebook and Twitter . Image: faungg's photos/Flickr

ARTICLE

VIDEOS Only demented imbeciles want a Killary reign of terror Genuine national security cannot be scarified to allow a distrustful and compromised agent of foreign interests to become President By Sartre - November 4, 2016 
The cross section of Hillary Clinton voters is a mixture of walking dead zombies, power hungry influence peddlers, money cartel thieves and establishment diehards willing to start a global confrontation to postpone an inevitable economic collapse. As for the first category; welfare recipients, government bootlickers and mentally deranged utopians survive in a subsistence existence or in a fantasy illusion. The corruption purveyors simply want to maintain their elitist system of institutional inequality. As for the tribe of international finance, their objective always remains the same. Pick the next stooge who can be controlled. Finally, for globalist who are frantic to continue their New World Order of worldwide oppression, the elevation of Hillary Clinton to the position of the mad hatter to achieve the mutual assured destruction that these Illuminati's masters of the universe require to purge the 'Little People' from the planet. 
Any opposition to this band of desperate and deranged desperados is portrayed as racist, xenophobic and defiant of the 'Politically Correct' secular humanism culture. Here is the fundamental point of the conflict. The abandonment of the cannons of natural and common law has produced a didactic ineptness that thrusts humanity into a technocratic prison of a meaningless existence. Dante's Inferno of basic extinction is the ultimate society that a capitulation to the rigged electoral fraud seeks to achieve. 
The bloody record of Killary Clinton earns her an especially prominent place in hell. Take your choice. She may descend into Level 7 , for 'The violent, the assasins, the tyrants, and the war-mongers lament their pitiless mischiefs in the river, while centaurs armed with bows and arrows shoot those who try to escape their punishment' or Level 8- the Malebolge where 'The magicians, diviners, fortune tellers, and panderers are all here, as are the thieves'. 
Of course this allegory of punishment falls on deaf ears for the Clintonistas . For them this blameless role model for social justice warriors can do no wrong. All the evidence and proof in the world is ignored or dismissed when your patron saint of the occult wears pants suits. 
The reason HRC is better known as Killary has a lot to do with the body count that follows her around. THE CLINTON BODY-COUNT and the 'CLINTON DEATH LIST': 33 SPINE-TINGLING CASES lists several of her enemies that dared defy the queen of mean. Now are these suspicious circumstances of such deaths just another right-wing conspiracy to bring down the Arkancide crime syndicate? 
To an objective investigator, engaging into an in-depth probe might just get one added to this long list. But why would a Clinton supporter care, she is the epitome of the liberated woman and placing her on the throne of feminism is far overdue. Accepting, if not savoring a little reign of terror is a small price to pay as long as the body count does not include your own person. 
During the French Revolution the sanguinary women, known as Tricoteuse, who sat and knitted while attending public guillotine executions have more in common with Robespierre than Marie Antoinette. These devotee libbers identified with the symbol of equality, while their crowned head of elitism disdainfully admonish the peasants: 'Qu'ils mangent de la brioche'. 
Queen Marie Antoinette may not have really said, 'Let them eat cake' but the regnant of the House of Clinton demonstrates throughout her entire life revealed her true sentiments; despise and contempt for the 'Little People'. 
The knitting culture of the zombies cult of progressive authoritarianism is at the center of the public psychosis that follows the dictates of Hillary Clinton. Their identity is so caught up in the myth of collectivism that the very spirit of individual liberty is a necessary causality to join the Clinton demon worship. 
Look to the fictional character of Madame Defarge penned in A Tale of Two Cities for a synopsis of all that is wrong with Killary and her followers. Charles Dickens presents this viewpoint of the quintessential monster. 
'Her problem, it seems, is that Madame Defarge just doesn't know where to draw the line. As far as she's concerned, 'justice' for the fate of her family isn't just that the Marquis gets murdered. Justice should, she thinks, include the 'extermination' of all of the Marquis's family. Given her druthers, Charles, Lucie, and even little Lucie would fall under the sharp blade of La Guillotine. As Madame Defarge exclaims to her husband, 'Tell the Wind and the Fire where to stop; not me!' (3.12.36). 
'It was nothing to her that an innocent man was to die for the sins of his forefathers; she saw, not him, but them. It was nothing to her that his wife was to be made a widow and his daughter an orphan; that was insufficient punishment, because they were her natural enemies and her prey, and as such had no right to live. To appeal to her, was made hopeless by her having no sense of pity, even for herself.' (3.14.33) 
So it comes as no surprise that when 'The meeting between Lucie and Madame Defarge makes this absolutely clear: Lucie falls on her knees, begging for mercy on behalf of her child. Madame Defarge stares at her coldly. She doesn't even stop knitting.' 
This example of the dark side of human nature is particularly relevant and applicable when analyzing the gender iniquity of the wicked witch. For femininity enablement to champion such abuse from a coldhearted degenerate is the biggest disappointment of this election cycle. Society should never condone or provide consent for anyone, male or female; who is such a habitual sociopath. 
The influence hucksters do not pretend to be altruistic . They would support Lucifer if they thought they would gain the riches of this world. As for the money changers, they are already archfiends in the Synagogue of Satan. Lastly, the globalist's warmongers covet the mass eradication of billions to satisfy their lust for world transcendence. 
These three factions are the true irredeemables. The masses of the walking dead need to politically repent and seek civic redemption. This objective is not possible by voting for Hillary Clinton. 
If you do nothing else before the November 8, 2016 election watch the video, A Vote For Hillary is a Vote For World War 3 . No matter your ideological propensities, we all share a mutual objective. Prevent a nuclear war that will destroy all civilized life on the planet. After watching this presentation, every rational person must come to deal with the prospects of putting a psycho in command of the launch codes. 
Folks; Donald Trump is not the mad man. The schizoid is a systemic and immoral lunatic, who is ready to drop the beheading blade on all of America. Her similarity with Madame Defarge bleeds over to her decadent boosters, who are willing to sacrifice their family, friends and community for the joy of destroying our planet. 
For all the dissatisfied and frustrated citizens, who understand the colossal stakes of national survival intervene with any fellow acquaintance that has been indoctrinated to the propaganda of Hillaryland . Confront the zombies attitude and appeal to their individual self-interest. Put forth the prospect of not voting for Clinton, even if Trump would not be an option. 
Citizens will not be the only people voting. Non eligible people are being ushered into a ballot booth with predisposed programming to put Killary into the oval office. The establishment is revealing their real tyranny for any person, who is still alive and has the ability to assess the actual nature of this election. 
The power structure in ready to collapse and the global elites are prepared to start a world war to keep and protect their feudal system of coercion. Those who might survive will be the special and the anointed. The masses will be served up on the plate of expediency and necessity. 
Hillary Clinton has always been part of the gang of criminals, protected by the intelligence community, insider politicians and the legal system of corrupt lawyers and judges. Voting for her is a clear validation of pure mental illness. 
The fact that the discredited FBI is endeavoring to regain their credibility by reopening the criminal investigation into Killary Clinton's attempt to hide her family's pay to play scheme to sell out our country is dramatic. This development should provide ample reason to put any notion of voting for the diva of sleaze on hold. Thanks to the Wikileaks release of the illicit emails from the Clinton cabal, only a fool can vote for her. 
Come to grips with the prospects of knowingly elevating this lifelong criminal to become the commander-and-chief. Genuine national security cannot be scarified to allow a distrustful and compromised agent of foreign interests to become President. 
Killary is dead meat. She could never gain the confidence of the nation and her continued nihilistic conduct and her kleptocrat criminal violations cannot be tolerated or ignored any longer. If you really want to save the planet, you cannot cast your ballot for this known traitor.

ARTICLE

VIDEOS A Hillary Clinton indictment is coming At this point, the struggle between the FBI and the Department of Justice is being described as 'a civil war' By Michael Snyder - November 4, 2016 Doesn't it seem like most of us are collectively holding our breath as we wait to see what will happen with this election? We are now only a handful of days away from election day and the polls have really tightened up , there are unprecedented concerns about post-election violence , and the Democratic nominee for president could be indicted literally any day now. The American people are going to be absolutely shocked when the FBI finally reveals what they have discovered regarding Hillary Clinton's mishandling of classified materials, corruption at the Clinton Foundation, and other 'stomach churning' matters that normally aren't topics of polite conversation. Without a doubt, a Hillary Clinton indictment is coming. The only question now is when it will happen. 
The moment that FBI Director James Comey sent his letter to Congress, he knew that someone's head was going on the chopping block. If Hillary Clinton does not get indicted, Comey's career is over and there is a very good chance that he will be going to prison instead. There is no way that he would have ever put himself on the line like this if extremely powerful evidence had not already been found against Clinton. 
Because without a doubt, the vultures are circling. Just consider what House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi recently told CNN about Comey… …Nancy Pelosi has claimed that FBI Director Comey is 'not in the right job,' following his decision to reopen the investigation into Hillary Clinton's misuse of a private email server. 'Maybe he's not in the right job,' Pelosi said in an interview with CNN . 'I think that we have to just get through this election and just see what the casualties are along the way,' she continued, refusing to answer a question on whether she thought the FBI director should resign. 
If it turns out that this investigation into Hillary Clinton's emails was renewed for no good reason, Comey is going to be strung out to dry, and he knows this. 
Fortunately for Comey, there are reports that indicate that the evidence the FBI is compiling in this case is absolutely overwhelming. The following comes from Infowars … According to other uncovered emails, Abedin and Clinton both sent and received thousands of classified and top secret documents to personal email accounts including Weiner's unsecured campaign web site which is managed by Democratic political consultants in Washington D.C. Weiner maintained little known email accounts that the couple shared on the website anthonyweiner.com. Weiner, a former seven-term Democratic Congressman from New York, primarily used that domain to campaign for Congress and for his failed mayoral bid of New York City. At one point, FBI sources said, Abedin and Clinton's classified and top secret State Department documents and emails were stored in Weiner's email on a server shared with a dog grooming service and a western Canadian bicycle shop. 
If you even send a single classified document outside of a secure channel that is a major criminal offense. 
So if there are 'thousands' of these emails as some reports are indicating, that should be enough to lock Hillary Clinton up for the rest of her life. According to investigative journalist Jerome Corsi , what Clinton and her close associates have done is 'an obvious violation of the law'… 'The rules for handling classified materials is you've got to handle them on secured channels. You can't let them go on an insecure channel,' Corsi said. 'Clearly, sending these emails to Yahoo.com – and we know some of them had classified material because they've been marked classified – is a violation of the law, and it doesn't require intent.' He said Clinton and Abedin could have avoided this entire scandal by establishing secure government accounts and not sending any of it to private accounts. 'This was such an obvious violation of law, and perhaps leading to an espionage case or a treason case, that when presented to Comey, he really had no alternative than to go forward,' Corsi said. 
But this isn't the only investigation that could lead to a Hillary Clinton indictment. According to Fox News Channel's Bret Baier , the FBI investigation into corruption at the Clinton Foundation is also 'likely to lead to an indictment'… Two sources with intimate knowledge of the FBI's investigations told Fox News Wednesday that a probe of the Clinton Foundation is likely to lead to an indictment . 
Fox News's Bret Baier said Wednesday that the FBI probe into a possible pay-to-play scheme between Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton and the Clinton Foundation has been going on for over a year.Sources told the news network that the investigation, which is conducted by the White Collar Crime division of the FBI, is a 'very high priority.' 
One of the anonymous sources told Baier that the amount of evidence now being uncovered is equivalent to 'an avalanche coming in every day.' 
If what these two sources have told Baier is true, then this changes everything. The following is how Real Clear Politics summarized the most important pieces of information from this report… 1. The Clinton Foundation investigation is far more expansive than anybody has reported so far and has been going on for more than a year. 2. The laptops of Clinton aides Cherryl Mills and Heather Samuelson have not been destroyed, and agents are currently combing through them. The investigation has interviewed several people twice, and plans to interview some for a third time. 3. Agents have found emails believed to have originated on Hillary Clinton's secret server on Anthony Weiner's laptop. They say the emails are not duplicates and could potentially be classified in nature. 4. Sources within the FBI have told Baier that an indictment is 'likely' in the case of pay-for-play at the Clinton Foundation, 'barring some obstruction in some way' from the Justice Department. 5. FBI sources say with 99% accuracy that Hillary Clinton's server has been hacked by at least five foreign intelligence agencies, and that information have been taken from it. 
It is also being reported that the Department of Justice tried unsuccessfully to stop the investigation into the Clinton Foundation. 
At this point, the struggle between the FBI and the Department of Justice is being described as 'a civil war'. The Department of Justice is obviously extremely pro-Clinton, and meanwhile over at the FBI many agents consider Hillary Clinton to be 'the antichrist personified' … The currently serving FBI agent said Clinton is 'the antichrist personified to a large swath of FBI personnel,' and that 'the reason why they're leaking is they're pro-Trump.' The agent called the bureau 'Trumplandia', with some colleagues openly discussing voting for a GOP nominee who has garnered unprecedented condemnation from the party's national security wing and who has pledged to jail Clinton if elected. 
Perhaps if Hillary Clinton had not made it a habit to regularly cuss out Secret Service agents and other law enforcement personnel over the past several decades she would have more friends in the FBI. 
To a certain extent, this is simply a case of the chickens coming home to roost. 
And at this point, even some of Hillary's biggest supporters in the media are turning on her. Just consider what Chris Matthews of CNBC is saying about her… 'You know what I think? I'm going to be more judgmental than Beth who's a straight reporter. I'll make a judgment. Every time I watch a politician engage in a certain pattern of behavior before they go to the White House, they continue to engage in that pattern afterwards. People don't change because we swear them into the White House. They become that person big-time. And the Clintons were raising money like this hand over hand, hand over fist, back in 1996, using—we called it Motel 6. They were hoarding them in, pulling them in by train loads of contributors and then letting them sit in the Lincoln bedroom for a while and charging them by the hour. You can still vote for Hillary Clinton, but remember, you're getting this as part of the package, because that's been their pattern. ' 
Voting has already begun in most states, and Americans are facing a historic choice. 
If they choose to elect the most wicked politician of this generation despite everything that has been revealed about her, I think that will speak volumes about where we stand as a nation. 
Our leaders in Washington D.C. reflect who we are as a country. If if we willingly send Hillary Clinton to the White House, the truth is that we will fully deserve everything that happens to us afterwards.

ARTICLE

Assassination attempt at Reno Trump rally? What other surprises lurk in the final hour? November 5, 2016 RENO, Nev. ( INTELLIHUB ) — An assassination attempt was potentially a narrow miss at a Trump rally Saturday night. Right Side Broadcasting/YouTube 
The attempt, of some type, occurred at 9 p.m. and caused a commotion throughout the crowed, just before Republican Presidential Nominee Donald J. Trump was rushed off stage by Secret Service. 
The suspect was removed and detained. 
Watch what happened: WATCH: Donald Trump rushed off stage by Secret Service agents during event in Reno, Nevada. https://t.co/PXCTYaDaeJ pic.twitter.com/Zf8ORObAQt 
— ABC News (@ABC) November 6, 2016 
Watch the full rally here: 
'Nobody is going to stop this movement. Nobody,' a man said who took the mic during the chaos. 
'Trump, Trump, Trump […],' the crowed cheered. 
'Nobody said it was going to be easy for us, but we will never be stopped,' Trump said as he retook the stage minutes later to a cheering crowd. 
It was also reported that at least two people in the crowd 'saw a gun.' 
#Trump2016

ARTICLE

Αλέξης Τσίπρας Πρωθυπουργός της Ελλάδας/Flickr Wikileaks to drop bombshell Clinton emails in next two days; Clinton camp quivers in fear More emails to come, #Podestaemails By Staff Writer - November 6, 2016 ( INTELLIHUB ) — Our sources tell us that Wikileaks will be releasing, adding, new bombshell information to the Podesta email collection in the next few days that may rock the Clinton campaign's world. 
In fact, Intellihub News expects the release to be so damning that the Clinton campaign's communication director pre-planted the following tweet Sunday morning in anticipation of the coming Wiki-dump: Friends, please remember that if you see a whopper of a Wikileaks in next two days – it's probably a fake. 
— Jennifer Palmieri (@jmpalmieri) November 6, 2016 
In the tweet, Palmiri tries to push propaganda that anything big released by Wikileaks in the next few days will be fake. 
#MAGA

ARTICLE

Obama pushes illegal immigrants to vote in U.S. election, calls illegals 'citizens' Are you serious right now, the POTUS said what? By Staff Writer - November 6, 2016 ( INTELLIHUB ) — In a total disgrace to the nation, shredding every last drop of any integrity Barack Obama may have had, the President of the United States announced on network television that when 'undocumented citizens' vote they are actually acting as 'citizens' and that their vote counts too. 
The POTUS said: '[…] first of all when you vote you are a citizen yourself and there is not a situation where the voting roles are somehow transferred over and people start investigating the [inaudible].' 
The POTUS also said that voting 'is strictly confidential;' meaning that he thinks it is okay for illegals to vote! 
Please comment below.

ARTICLE

VIDEOS Man who caused scare at Nevada Trump rally listed in Wikileaks Podesta emails Registered Republican possibly hired by Clinton campaign to disrupt Trump rally and potentially bring harm to Donald Trump November 6, 2016 Right Side Broadcasting/YouTube RENO ( INTELLIHUB ) — Austyn Crites, 33, was released by authorities with no charges after Crites purportedly interfered with U.S. Presidential Nominee Donald Trump's speech during a Trump rally Saturday. 
Although it was reported that at least two people in the crowd saw Crites with a 'gun,' authorities maintain that no gun was ever found. Man at heart of Trump scare. Austyn Crites, 33, 'registered Republican' and 'business guy' from Reno who's been campaigning for Mrs Clinton. pic.twitter.com/wbHPRT4oOD 
— James Cook (@BBCJamesCook) November 6, 2016 
But that's not all — the suspect Austyn Crites, was listed in the Wikileaks Podesta emails as seen below and somehow has ties to the Clinton camp. 16786_Copy of Full list at BN 01212011.xls (Wikileaks) 
Why would this guy have a connection to the Clinton campaign and what was he up to at the Nevada rally? 
'Austyn Crites' name shows up 6 times in #Wikileaks documents. #Hillbully pic.twitter.com/JrTduwTc1B 
— ♥Deplorable in Pink♥ (@pink_lady56) November 6, 2016 
If you have any information on this matter please email newstips@intellihub.com or post in the comments section below.

ARTICLE

Non-mainstream poll shows Trump poised to win with 76% chance Alternative media poll shows Trump leaving Clinton in the dust November 6, 2016 Momma Loves The Donald/Flickr ( INTELLIHUB ) — An independent, non-mainstream poll shows Trump is favored to win the presidential election against Hillary 76 — 24, which is quite the contrast to so-called mainline polling data. 
An open poll taken by Intellihub News via Twitter shows Hillary with 24%, compared to Trumps 76%, at the time this article was published. Who will win the #election2016 and become our next President? 
— Intellihub (@intellihubnews) November 6, 2016 
Meanwhile, the Wall Street Journal has reported that Hillary 'holds a 4-point lead over Donald Trump.' 
There are still some 16 hours left on the poll until it expires, so cast your vote now. ©2016. INTELLLIHUB.COM. All Rights Reserved.

ARTICLE

Giuliani on FBI's exoneration of Hillary: 'We are supposed to be a country of justice' Former NYC Mayor Rudy Giuliani tell it like it is By Shepard Ambellas - November 7, 2016 ( INTELLIHUB ) — Former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani appeared on Fox News' Sean Hannity Show Sunday, to talk about how out of place the Director of the FBI James Comey's remarks were regarding the Clinton investigation. 
Giuliani said that back in July there was already 'overwhelming evidence' that Hillary Clinton 'violated the law.''Now in November we are hearing that she had her maid print out classified material routinely.' 
'So if she was completely reckless back in July, the new revelation makes the situation much worse,' Giuliani told Hannity. 
To top it all off, Giuliani said that Clinton Foundation monies were supporting Chelsea Clinton 'for more than a decade' and that 'Chelsea's husband, with Chelsea's help, was going to foundation donors and raising money for his hedge fund.' 
This is 'racketeering,' Giuliani said. 
Sean Hannity pointed out during the exchange that the FBI is operating on a dual standard and if anyone else other than Hillary was being investigated they already would have been locked up for destroying subpoenaed information. 
#NoJustice 
#HillaryForPrison2016 Shepard Ambellas is an opinion journalist, filmmaker , radio talk show host and the founder and editor-in-chief of Intellihub News & Politics. Established in 2013, Intellihub.com is ranked in the upper 1% traffic tier on the World Wide Web. Read more from Shep's World . Get the Podcast . Follow Shep on Facebook and Twitter . ©2016. Intellihub.com.  

ARTICLE

VIDEOS I just lost all faith in our deeply corrupt legal system and in the Rule Of Law in the United States If the law does not apply equally to all persons at all times and in all circumstances, we might as well not even have a legal system By Michael Snyder - November 7, 2016 
The FBI just gave Hillary Clinton the biggest gift in the history of presidential politics. Two days before the election the FBI has announced that they are ending their investigation into Hillary Clinton's mishandling of classified information. After reviewing the emails that were found on electronic devices owned by Huma Abedin and Anthony Weiner, FBI Director James Comey sent a letter to Congress telling them that 'we have not changed our conclusions that we expressed in July with respect to Secretary Clinton.' That means that there will be no indictment, and the path is now clear for Hillary Clinton to become the next president of the United States on Tuesday unless an election miracle happens. 
These days it is unusual for a news story to hit me on a deeply emotional level, but this one sure did. When the FBI originally announced that they were renewing this investigation, it gave me a glimmer of hope that there may be a little bit of integrity left in our legal system. 
But after today's announcement I have lost all faith in our deeply corrupt system of justice. America has become a lawless nation, and the rule of law is completely dead in this country. 
Yes, it is true that those of us in the general public do not know what was contained in those emails, and Director Comey says that nothing significant was found in them … In a letter to lawmakers, Comey said the FBI is standing by its original findings, made in July, that Clinton should not be prosecuted for her handling of classified information over email as secretary of State. 'The FBI investigative team has been working around the clock to process and review a large volume of emails from a device obtained in connection with an unrelated criminal investigation,' Comey said in the letter. 'During that process we reviewed all of the communications that were to or from Hillary Clinton while she was secretary of State,' Comey wrote. 'Based on our review, we have not changed our conclusions that we expressed in July with respect to Secretary Clinton.' 
But of course the truth is that the FBI already had more than enough to go after Clinton based on what they discovered the first time around. 
In the world of national security, if you transmit a single classified document via a channel that is unsecured, you will lose your security clearance in a heartbeat and it is quite likely that you will be prosecuted and sent to prison for mishandling classified information. 
In fact, two different members of the U.S. military were recently convicted for doing precisely that … Just last month, Bryan Nishimura, a California Naval reservist, was sentenced to two years' probation and a $7,500 fine after he pleaded guilty to removing classified material and downloading it to a personal electronic device. The FBI found no evidence he planned to distribute the material . Last year, Bronze Star recipient and combat veteran Chief Petty Officer Lyle White pleaded guilty to storing classified documents on a nonsecure hard drive in Virginia. He received a suspended 60-day sentence and a suspended $10,000 fine in return for the plea. White said the information was for training purposes to study and that he had no intent to communicate with anyone . 
Neither of those individuals intended to mishandle classified information, and they certainly never intended to share it. 
But they were both convicted anyway. 
So what makes Hillary Clinton any different? 
During the initial investigation, the FBI found 113 emails that contained classified information … Clinton had repeatedly said she did not have any classified emails on her server, but the results of the FBI investigation show that claim was incorrect . Of the tens of thousands of emails investigators reviewed, 113 contained classified information, and three of those had classification markers. FBI Director James Comey has said Clinton should have known that some of the 113 were classified, but others she might have understandably missed. 
And I would be willing to bet that the FBI found some more classified emails that they had not seen previously among the 650,000 or so that they reviewed for this renewed investigation. 
But it doesn't matter now. Hillary Clinton is free as a bird even though she mishandled 113 classified emails, and it looks like she is going to become the next president of the United States on Tuesday. 
As a law student and then later as an attorney working in Washington D.C., I got to see just how deeply corrupt our legal system has become. 
But after today, I don't see how any American can ever have faith in the rule of law again. 
If the law does not apply equally to all persons at all times and in all circumstances, we might as well not even have a legal system. 
At this point, there is only one way that some sort of justice can be achieved in this case. And that is if the American people go to the polls on Tuesday and vote to keep her out of the White House. 
It won't be perfect justice of course, but at least it would keep Hillary Clinton from getting what she wants more than anything else in life. 
The choice before the American people is very simple. Hillary Clinton is the most corrupt politician to ever run for the presidency, and the extremely long laundry list of Clinton scandals and crimes has been well documented over the past three decades. 
The voters know exactly what they are getting with her. And if they choose her anyway despite all of the things that have been revealed, that means that America is willingly choosing lawlessness. 
To most conservatives, this election is all about Trump, but I believe that it is far more about Hillary Clinton. 
I am convinced that we are at a pivotal moment in American history, and if the American people willingly choose Hillary Clinton it will be an indication that there is zero hope for the future of this nation. 
So let us pray for an election miracle, because right now Donald Trump is behind in most national polls and time is running out.

ARTICLE

VIDEOS Here's what happened when a Hillary supporting MIT professor decided to analyze her emails… In practice, as recent history has repeatedly shown, the right to vote, by itself, is no guarantee of liberty By Michael Krieger - November 7, 2016 
A few days ago, Cesar A. Hidalgo published a very important article titled, What I Learned From Visualizing Hillary Clinton's Emails . 
So who is Cesar Hidalgo? César A. Hidalgo is associate professor of media arts and sciences at the MIT Media Lab and the author of Why Information Grows: The evolution of order from atoms to economies. He has also lead the creation of data visualization sites that have received more than 100 million views, including datausa.io, dataviva.info, atlas.media.mit.edu, immersion.media.mit.edu, pantheon.media.mit.edu, streetscore.media.mit.edu, and others (see chidalgo.com for more details). 
At this point, I'm sure you're wondering why I'm highlighting this guy's post two days before the Presidential election. It's for two reasons. First, the piece offers a very good representation of the sort of peer pressure that can come down upon an academic for being seen as having the 'wrong' political opinion. Second, and perhaps most important, his email visualization tool taught him that the current state of our government in these United States simply can't achieve the best outcomes for the public at current scale (size, geographic/cultural diversity, etc). 
With all that out of the way, I'm going to highlight what I found to be the most powerful part of his piece. 
Enjoy: So what did we learn by making this dataset accessible? We learned a few things about what Clinton's emails said, about how the media works, and about how people interpreted the project. We made clinton.media.mit.edu publicly available last Friday night (October 28, 2016). We launched with a single story , written by Alejandra Vargas from Univision. My intuition was that the story was likely to get picked up by other news sources. After all, the tool facilitated people's ability to read and understand the content of these emails, and the connections of the people involved in them. But I was wrong—it has been nearly a week since we released the project and no other major news source has picked up the story, despite having been viewed by more than 300,000 people in less than a week. So how did we get so much traffic without any news coverage? The answer is social media. So far, the tool has been shared widely on Twitter, Facebook, and for a brief but intense time, on Reddit. Its spread has been fueled by different motives, and also, has been battled in different ways. Many reporters shared the news on their personal accounts understanding that the tool represents a different form of data reporting, or data journalism: one where people are provided with a tool that facilitates their ability to explore a relevant dataset, instead of being provided with a story summarizing a reporter's description of that dataset. Another group of people that shared the news were interface designers, who understand that there is a need to improve the tabular interface of present day email clients, and that the inbox we presented in this project was an attractive new alternative. But many people also shared our site claiming that this was evidence of Clinton's corruption, and that the site supported Trump. More on that later. But the spread of the site was not without its detractors. A few hours after we released the site I received a message from a friend telling me that what I had done was 'a huge mistake' and that I should have waited to post this until 'later in the year.' A few days later, outside my lab, a member of a neighboring research group called me a 'Trump supporter' and told me that I should have only made that site available if it also included Trump's emails. I told him that I would be happy to include them, but I had no access to the data. In haste, this colleague began emailing me news articles, none of which provided access to the alleged public dataset of Trump emails. Later, a friend of one of my students posted the news on Reddit, where it went viral. And I mean really viral. It became the top story of the Internetisbeautiful subreddit, and made it to Reddit's front page. It collected more than 3,000 upvotes and 70. But as the story peaked, a moderator single-handedly removed it in an authoritarian move, and justified this unilateral silencing of the post by adding a rule banning 'sites that serve a political agenda or that otherwise induce drama.' Of course, the rule was added AFTER the post was removed. Reddit appears to be rampant with censorship these days. So when it comes to media, social or not, I learned that providing information directly to people so that they can inspect it and evaluate it, is a value that many people consider second to supporting their preferred electoral choice. The twist is that I don't support Trump. In fact, I don't support him at all. I think he is potentially a threat to global security, and also, a candidate that has shown repeatedly to be a dividing rather than unifying force. He has failed to respect contracts numerous times, defrauding contractors; and he certainly has shown little respect for people's development by creating a fraudulent university. So I think he is ill prepared for most jobs, including a difficult one like that of being president. I support Clinton in this election, and even though I don't get to vote (As a green card holder I just pay taxes), I want her to win next Tuesday. I really do. But I understand that this is my own personal choice, a choice that I want to make sure is informed by my ability to evaluate information about the candidates directly, and by a media that is more transparent than the one we now have. Trust me, if I had Trump's tax records, I would also think it is a good idea to make a tool that makes them more easily digestible. But my reason to make that tool, once again, would not come from my support for Clinton, or my opposition to Trump. It would come from my support for a society where people have direct access to relevant sources of information through well-designed data visualization tools. Now here's where we get into very important lessons about the future. So what did I learn about Clinton's emails? One of the advantages of helping design a data visualization tool is that you get an intimate understanding of the data you are visualizing. After all, you have to explore the data and use the tool to make dozens of design decisions. In this case, the development cycle was particularly fast, but nevertheless I got to learn a few things about the data. Of course, the whole point of making this tool is that you can use it to come up with your own interpretation of the data. That said, you might be curious about mine, so I'll share it with you too. What I saw on Clinton's emails was not surprising to me. It involved a relatively small group of people talking about what language to use when communicating with other people. Also, it involved many unresponded-to emails. Many conversations revolved around what words to use or avoid, and what topics to focus on, or how to avoid some topics, when speaking in public or in meetings. This is not surprising to me because I've met many politicians in my life, including a few presidents and dozens of ministers and governors, so I know that what work means to many people in this line of work, on a daily basis, is strategizing what to say and being careful about how to say it. I am sure that if we had access to Trump's emails we would see plenty of the same behavior. So what I got from reading some of Clinton's email is another piece of evidence confirming my intuition that political systems scale poorly. The most influential actors on them are spending a substantial fraction of their mental capacity thinking about how to communicate, and do not have the bandwidth needed to deal with many incoming messages (the unresponded-to emails). This is not surprising considering the large number of people they interact with (although this dataset is rather small. I send 8k emails a year and receive 30k. In this dataset Clinton is sending only 2K emails a year). Our modern political world is one where a few need to interact with many, so they have no time for deep relationships — they physically cannot. So what we are left is with a world of first impressions and public opinion, where the choice of words matters enormously, and becomes central to the job. Yet, the chronic lack of time that comes from having a system where few people govern many, and that leads people to strategize every word, is not Clinton's fault. It is just a bug that affects all modern political systems, which are ancient Greek democracies that were not designed to deal with hundreds of millions of people. On another note, this exercise also helped me reaffirm my belief that the best way to learn about the media is not by reading the news, but by being news. I've had the fortune, and misfortune, to have been news many times. This time, I honestly thought that we had a piece of content that some media channels would be interested in and that it would get picked up easily. I have many reporter friends who are enthusiastic about new forms of data journalism, and that actually have been positive and encouraging this week. So I imagined that there was a good chance that a reporter would see the site, go to his or her editor, and say: 'Hey, I have an interactive data visualization of all Clinton's emails. Can I write a story on it?' and the editor would say: 'Of course, make it quick.' I don't know if these conversations actually happened, but given the large volume of traffic our project received I would be surprised if they didn't. I learned that the outcome was not the one I intuited. And this brings me to my final point, which is that while I support Clinton in this election, and I think Trump is a bad choice for president (a really bad one), I still think that we should work on the creation of tools that improve the ability of people to personalize scrutinize politically relevant information. I now understand that much of the U.S. media may not share that view with me, and that I think this is an important point of reflection. I hope the media takes some time to think about this on November 9 (or the week after). Also, the large number of people who were unable to interpret our tool as anything but an effort to support or oppose a political candidate — and that was true for both liberals and conservatives — speaks to me about an ineffective public sphere. And that's something I think we should all be concerned about. This polarization is not just a cliché. It is a crippling societal condition that is expressed in the inability of people to see any merit, or any point, in opposing views. That's a dangerous, and chronic, institutional disease that is expressed also in the inability of people to criticize their own candidates, because they fear being confused with someone their peers will interpret as a supporter of the opposing candidate. If you cannot see any merit in the candidate you oppose, even in one or two of the many points that have been made, you may have it. So that's how this election has muddled the gears of democracy. When we cannot learn from those we oppose, or agree when they have a valid point, our learning stops. We keep on talking past each other. I know that this election has made learning from those we oppose particularly difficult, but the difficult tests are the ones that truly show us what we are really made of. These are the situations that push us to see past   we don't like, or don't agree on, so we can rescue a lesson. You may not agree with me, but I hope at least I gave you something to think about. While his points about media censorship and peer pressure are self-explanatory, I want to take a quick moment to discuss his most meaningful insight, which is the idea that ' political systems scale poorly.' This is hugely important, because as the current status quo system collapses, many of us in the Western world will be presented with an incredible opportunity to do things completely different. Unfortunately, none of the candidates in the 2016 election (including Sanders and Trump) have been promoting the idea of political decentralization, which is the direction I think we need to move toward. In voting for Brexit, that's exactly what the British people professed a preference for, and it's what we need here in America. In some important ways, I think we should look back toward the original concept of government as understood by our founders. A loose-knit collection of largely self-governing states that are bonded together in certain important ways, yet independent and sovereign in all other ways. Indeed, I think we can break things up even further than that, but let's start there for the time being. If we want to stick with representative democracy, I think for it to work best, it needs to be very local. I think the future of mankind depends on us getting our political systems right, and I think governance has to be shifted to the local level as much as possible. This all reminds me of Aldous Huxley's extremely prescient warning in his 1958 book Brave New World revised (see my review of it), in which he wrote: Or take the right to vote. In principle, it is a great privilege. In practice, as recent history has repeatedly shown, the right to vote, by itself, is no guarantee of liberty. Therefore, if you wish to avoid dictatorship by referendum, break up modern society's merely functional collectives into self-governing, voluntarily co-operating groups, capable of functioning outside the bureaucratic systems of Big Business and Big Government. Bottom line: We need to decentralize everything, especially government.

ARTICLE

VIDEOS Assange tells the sordid truth about the US elections There's so much information that it's difficult to see the large mosaic created by the tiny parts By Daisy Luther - November 8, 2016 
When you put together everything we've learned about the corruption in our government and electoral system, it paints an ugly picture. There's so much information that it's difficult to see the large mosaic created by the tiny parts. 
UPDATED: Today, Julian Assange made a statement about the election . In recent months, WikiLeaks and I personally have come under enormous pressure to stop publishing what the Clinton campaign says about itself to itself. That pressure has come from the campaign's allies, including the Obama administration, and from liberals who are anxious about who will be elected US President. On the eve of the election, it is important to restate why we have published what we have. The right to receive and impart true information is the guiding principle of WikiLeaks – an organization that has a staff and organizational mission far beyond myself. Our organization defends the public's right to be informed. This is why, irrespective of the outcome of the 2016 US Presidential election, the real victor is the US public which is better informed as a result of our work. The US public has thoroughly engaged with WikiLeaks' election related publications which number more than one hundred thousand documents. Millions of Americans have poured over the leaks and passed on their citations to each other and to us. It is an open model of journalism that gatekeepers are uncomfortable with, but which is perfectly harmonious with the First Amendment. We publish material given to us if it is of political, diplomatic, historical or ethical importance and which has not been published elsewhere. When we have material that fulfills this criteria , we publish. We had information that fit our editorial criteria which related to the Sanders and Clinton campaign (DNC Leaks) and the Clinton political campaign and Foundation (Podesta Emails). No-one disputes the public importance of these publications. It would be unconscionable for WikiLeaks to withhold such an archive from the public during an election. At the same time, we cannot publish what we do not have. To date, we have not received information on Donald Trump's campaign, or Jill Stein's campaign, or Gary Johnson's campaign or any of the other candidates that fufills our stated editorial criteria. As a result of publishing Clinton's cables and indexing her emails we are seen as domain experts on Clinton archives. So it is natural that Clinton sources come to us. We publish as fast as our resources will allow and as fast as the public can absorb it. That is our commitment to ourselves, to our sources, and to the public. This is not due to a personal desire to influence the outcome of the election. The Democratic and Republican candidates have both expressed hostility towards whistleblowers. I spoke at the launch of the campaign for Jill Stein, the Green Party candidate, because her platform addresses the need to protect them. This is an issue that is close to my heart because of the Obama administration's inhuman and degrading treatment of one of our alleged sources, Chelsea Manning. But WikiLeaks publications are not an attempt to get Jill Stein elected or to take revenge over Ms Manning's treatment either. Publishing is what we do. To withhold the publication of such information until after the election would have been to favour one of the candidates above the public's right to know. This is after all what happened when the New York Times withheld evidence of illegal mass surveillance of the US population for a year until after the 2004 election, denying the public a critical understanding of the incumbent president George W Bush, which probably secured his reelection. The current editor of the New York Times has distanced himself from that decision and rightly so. The US public defends free speech more passionately, but the First Amendment only truly lives through its repeated exercise. The First Amendment explicitly prevents the executive from attempting to restrict anyone's ability to speak and publish freely. The First Amendment does not privilege old media, with its corporate advertisers and dependencies on incumbent power factions, over WikiLeaks' model of scientific journalism or an individual's decision to inform their friends on social media. The First Amendment unapologetically nurtures the democratization of knowledge. With the Internet, it has reached its full potential. Yet, some weeks ago, in a tactic reminiscent of Senator McCarthy and the red scare, Wikileaks, Green Party candidate Stein, Glenn Greenwald and Clinton's main opponent were painted with a broad, red brush. The Clinton campaign, when they were not spreading obvious untruths, pointed to unnamed sources or to speculative and vague statements from the intelligence community to suggest a nefarious allegiance with Russia. The campaign was unable to invoke evidence about our publications—because none exists. In the end, those who have attempted to malign our groundbreaking work over the past four months seek to inhibit public understanding perhaps because it is embarrassing to them – a reason for censorship the First Amendment cannot tolerate. Only unsuccessfully do they try to claim that our publications are inaccurate. WikiLeaks' decade-long pristine record for authentication remains. Our key publications this round have even been proven through the cryptographic signatures of the companies they passed through, such as Google. It is not every day you can mathematically prove that your publications are perfect but this day is one of them. We have endured intense criticism, primarily from Clinton supporters, for our publications. Many long-term supporters have been frustrated because we have not addressed this criticism in a systematic way or responded to a number of false narratives about Wikileaks' motivation or sources. Ultimately, however, if WL reacted to every false claim, we would have to divert resources from our primary work. WikiLeaks, like all publishers, is ultimately accountable to its funders. Those funders are you. Our resources are entirely made up of contributions from the public and our book sales. This allows us to be principled, independent and free in a way no other influential media organization is. But it also means that we do not have the resources of CNN, MSNBC or the Clinton campaign to constantly rebuff criticism. Yet if the press obeys considerations above informing the public, we are no longer talking about a free press, and we are no longer talking about an informed public. Wikileaks remains committed to publishing information that informs the public, even if many, especially those in power, would prefer not to see it. WikiLeaks must publish. It must publish and be damned. 
In this enlightening interview, Julian Assange, the founder of Wikileaks , puts it all together in an easy-to-understand synopsis. Via Daisy Luther Featured Image: Joe Mesa/Flickr Daisy Luther is a single mom who lives in a small village in the mountains of Northern California, where she homeschools her youngest daughter and raises veggies, chickens, and a motley assortment of dogs and cats. She is a best-selling author who has written several books, including The Organic Canner , The Pantry Primer: A Prepper's Guide to Whole Food on a Half-Price Budget , and The Prepper's Water Survival Guide: Harvest, Treat, and Store Your Most Vital Resource . Daisy is a prolific blogger who has been widely republished throughout alternative media. On her website, The Organic Prepper , Daisy uses her background in alternative journalism to provide a unique perspective on health, self-reliance, personal liberty, and preparedness. You can follow her on Facebook , Pinterest , and Twitter .

ARTICLE

Hillary's crime family: End of days for the U.S.A Based on the foregoing, SOMEONE got to Comey—somewhere along the line By Daily Coin - November 8, 2016 
An investor in Dave's fund emailed him asking which way Colorado would vote tomorrow. He replied: 'Depends on who counts the votes. I don't believe this is a fair election. I think the Clinton crime machine, with the help of George Soros and a few others, have everything under their control now.' 
After taking the better part of a year to sift through 55,000 emails in analyzing Hillary Clinton's behavior with regard to conducting classified Government business on her private server – which apparently was accessible to hackers and, surreptitiously, by Anthony Wieners porn laptop – Jim Comey determined in 8 days that 650,000 emails downloaded from Hillary's private server were not relevant. 
Sorry Jim, that's impossible to believe. One highly plausible is that operatives in the Deep State shut down the FBI investigation in order to preserve the treasure trove of material that will give it power over Clinton's Presidency. The SoT was perplexed by this, so we asked John Titus his take on this. His answer was quite compelling: 
Here's what I'm reasonably sure of, based on experience. (1) Jim Comey looked sick when, at the conclusion of round one, and having proven beyond all doubt that Hillary violateed 18 U.S.C 793(f), he said no reasonable prosecutor would charge her. He wasn't acting. Bad acting comes right through camera lens, and that man looked like he was about to vomit when he left that dais; (2) it took the FBI a year to conclude round one of its investigation, which was based on its review of 55,000 emails; (3) Comey had promised to get back to congress should more info arise, and when 650,000 unexpected emails showed up, he made good on his word by letting congress know; and (4) the FBI terminated its investigation LONG before reviewing 650,000 emails. I once reviewed 250,000 documents on a case, Based on the foregoing, SOMEONE got to Comey—somewhere along the line. For all I know, though, the whole thing was scripted from start to finish, and Comey read his script at every point along the way, even when it physically disgusted him in round one. So while you might be right about the time, I think if the Deep State made a move on Comey, it happened awhile ago. That's wholly speculative on my part. You could well be right that they got to him just recently. I just doubt it. I think he's the Company Man because he's a company man. For DAMN SURE you're right about holding Hillary hostage, but she's so evil it's like throwing a pedophile into a daycare center with no supervision, the shades drawn and the doors locked. 
With that as the preface, today's episode of the Shadow of Truth discussed the latest development in the HRC Crime Family saga:

ARTICLE

VIDEOS Your complete guide to election day and night: What to watch for and when Just winning the popular vote will be insufficient: indeed, it may well be that the popular-vote winner does not win the electoral college By Tyler Durden - November 8, 2016 
It's almost over: the most divisive, theatrical, dramatic and dirty presidential campaign will be in the history books by this time tomorrow, with more than 130 million Americans expected to cast ballots across 50 states. However, just winning the popular vote will be insufficient: indeed, it may well be that the popular-vote winner does not win the electoral college. 
So which states should one be looking at, and how long is the final day's drama set to continue? 
For the benefit of the traders out there, last week we showed a primer from Citigroup explaining when traders can hope to go home on election evening, according to which it was ' all about Florida, North Carolina and Ohio .' 
As Citi said, for traders hoping to capitalize on volatility next Tuesday as the election results come trickling in, it may all be over by early evening, at least if Trump loses. That is the calculation of Citi's Steven Englander, who determined that if Trump loses either Florida or North Carolina or Ohio 'the math doesn't work and it tells us that the shift to Trump was not as pronounced as feared.' Those states close at 7:00 or 7:30 ET. As Citi adds, even if Trump loses by a little in one of these states, it becomes almost impossible for him to win. It would take a tidal wave in a couple of states that look firmly Democrat. Citi helpfully added that 'the odds that he loses, say a Florida or North Carolina, but wins a Pennsylvania do not seem high' at which point 'vol collapses, MXN rallies and we go home early.' 
However, in a hint that tomorrow may be a very long night for traders – recall that Brexit was an all-nighter, which briefly saw ES halted limit down – the just released ' no toss up ' map from RCP based on the latest polling, shows Trump winning all three of these key states, and suddenly opening up the prospect not only for much more volatility, and yet another all-nighter, but potentially a Trump victory, something the market after today's furious rally, is certainly not prepared for. 
In any event, no matter the fate of these three states, here is a full preview of tomorrow's election night. 
The following chart from Morgan Stanley summarizes what times polls close for any given state as well as the number of electoral votes afforded to each: 
As the FT observes , this year's election is being fought hardest in 10 states: Arizona (11 electoral college votes), Colorado (9), Florida (29), Iowa (6), Nevada (6), New Hampshire (4), North Carolina (15), Ohio (18), Pennsylvania (20) and Virginia (13). Clinton starts with an advantage in the electoral college and can afford to lose traditional battlegrounds such as Florida and Ohio. But if that happens, falling short in states such as Pennsylvania and North Carolina could prove fatal to her presidential ambitions. On the other hand, as noted above, if Trump does not win in Florida and Ohio, his chances of victory will be non-existent. One key could be the size of the turnout of Latino voters in Arizona, Florida and Nevada, which have large Hispanic populations. Another could be whether African-American voters go to the polls at a high rate in North Carolina and Ohio. 
What to watch for during the day, courtesy of Bloomberg : 12 am – Voting is already over in Dixville Notch, the New Hampshire hamlet that delivered a 5-5 tie in the 2012 race between Barack Obama and Mitt Romney. This time, Clinton received four votes, Trump two and Gary Johnson one, with a write-in vote for Mitt Romney, AP reported. Election Day has, finally, arrived. 6 am – Polls are open in eight states, including battlegrounds Virginia and New Hampshire, as well as in New York, where Clinton votes at a public school in Chappaqua, Trump at a public school in Manhattan. 8 am – VoteCastr, which aims to break Election Day's 'traditional information embargo,' goes live on Slate.com with estimates based on early voting in Florida, Colorado, Nevada and Iowa. Those are four of the eight states, representing 102 electoral votes, where VoteCastr is concentrating its data-crunching. More results, from more states, are made available in rolling fashion throughout the day. 2 pm – The VoteCastr/Slate partnership will probably have data from all the battleground states by now, reflecting broad election-day voting patterns. 4 pm – Late afternoon is when leaks and rumors about exit polls may begin to spread, as they did in the last three presidential elections. (The actual results of exit polls are supposed to be closely held by the TV networks and the Associated Press until voting closes, state by state.) Trust these early unconfirmed reports at your own peril, as they indicated in 2004 that the next president would be named Kerry and that Romney was on track to carry Florida in 2012. 
And after markets close, here is the hour by hour guide to closing polls: 6pm EST — The first polls close in Indiana (11), home to Trump running mate Mike Pence, the state's governor, and Kentucky (8). Both states are heavily Republican and likely to be carried by Mr Trump 7pm EST — Polls close in the battleground states of Florida (29) and Virginia (13). As well as Georgia (16), South Carolina (9) and Vermont (3). The counting of ballots across the nation will go on well into Wednesday. You can, however, expect US media outlets to begin calling the races in safe Democratic and Republican states such as Kentucky, Vermont and South Carolina. But do not expect early calls in Florida or Virginia. In 2012, a winner was not declared in Florida until days after the election. A result in Virginia was not declared until after midnight. 7:30pm EST — Polls close in two more important states: Ohio (18) and North Carolina (15). They also shut in West Virginia (5), where Trump is heavily favoured. Trump has done a lot of campaigning in Ohio, hoping to capitalise on the appeal of his protectionist trade policies in the rust belt state. In 2012, Mitt Romney had been declared the winner in four of the five states called before 8pm. President Barack Obama had won only Vermont. 8pm EST — Things start to heat up. Polls close in the crucial states of Pennsylvania (20) and Michigan (16), and in Alabama (9), Connecticut (7), Delaware (3), the District of Columbia (3), Illinois (20), Kansas (6), Maine (4), Maryland (10), Massachusetts (11), Mississippi (6), Missouri (10), New Jersey (14), Oklahoma (7), Rhode Island (4) and Tennessee (11). Expect a flurry of declarations in safe Republican and Democratic states. If Mrs Clinton does not take Pennsylvania it will be a big blow — especially because she chose to spend the last night of her campaign in Philadelphia alongside her husband and the Obamas. In 2012 it took almost two hours for Obama to be named the winner in the state. It was the first real battleground to be called. Maine is the first of two states that do not allocate their electoral college votes on a winner-takes-all system. Maine and Nebraska allocate some of their electoral votes by congressional district. 9pm EST — The polls close in Colorado (9), Wisconsin (10) and Texas (38). They also shut in Louisiana (8), Minnesota (10), Nebraska (5), New Mexico (5), New York (29), South Dakota (3) and Wyoming (10). Look for early calls for Clinton in the population-heavy states of New York and New Jersey where she is firmly favoured. 10pm EST — Polls are closing in western states Arizona (11), Idaho (4), Montana (3), Nevada (6) and Utah (6) as well as the mid-western farm state of Iowa (6). In 2012, this is when Mr Obama began really piling up the victories. Although it has a long tradition of voting Republican in presidential races, Arizona has been seen as more of a battleground this year. Utah is also interesting this year as conservative Mormon Evan McMullin has been polling well in the state and could even win it. 11pm EST — The polls close in the biggest electoral prize on the map — solidly Democratic California (55) — as well as Washington state (12), Oregon (7) and North Dakota (3). 1am EST — Polls close in Alaska (3) and Hawaii (4). 
* * * 
Time for the concession speeches? 
In 2008 and 2012, John McCain and Mitt Romney each gave nationally televised concession speeches shortly after midnight eastern time. 
But what if there is no winner by the end of the night? In the event that neither candidate gets to 270, the Republican-controlled House of Representatives will decide who the next president should be. 
* * * 
What are the main factors to watch? 
With polls showing voters having negative opinions of both major candidates, one of the key factors on election day could be the enthusiasm of their bases. If black, female, Latino and young voters do not turn out in significant numbers, it could represent a blow to the Clinton camp. Likewise, if white working class voters do not go to the polls in significant numbers it would hurt Mr Trump. 
Turnout among African-American voters looks likely to be lower than it was in 2008 and 2012. But Trump's provocative immigration policies mean a growing Hispanic electorate is expected to vote heavily against him. 
What other races should I keep an eye on? 
Americans will also be voting for 34 of the US Senate's 100 seats and for all 435 seats in the House of Representatives. Twelve governorships are up for grabs this year. The big question beyond the presidency is what will happen in the Republican-controlled Congress. A good night for Democrats would see them win five seats and regain control of the Senate (four if Mrs Clinton wins as that would mean vice-president Tim Kaine would cast the deciding vote) while also whittling down the Republicans' 30-seat majority in the 435-seat House. It is extremely unlikely Democrats will regain control of the House. 
* * * 
Finally, here is Goldman's own guide to election night: Poll closing times and the estimated time each state will be called: we note the time that polls close in each state. For states in multiple time zones, we include the latest poll closing time. We also include a rough estimate of when media outlets will announce a winner of the presidential race in each state, based on the polling margin (close votes take much longer to call). Prediction market probabilities: we note the implied probability of a Democratic win in each state for the presidential and Senate contests. Probabilities are taken from Predictit.org as of 2pm ET on Nov. 7.

ARTICLE

(INTELLIHUB) —'Everyone's phone in the office did the same thing at the same time,' one person reported, after a 'Area Emergency Test' was forced to devices by FEMA in several parts of the U.S.. 
'As you can see here this is run by FEMA,' Youtuber DAHBOO7 stated on his latest video. 
This type technology may actually be pinging devices and may even be able to locate peoples whereabouts, DAHBOO told his viewers. 
'[…] they are able to get a ping on your location.' Featured Image: Jhaymesisviphotography/Flickr

ARTICLE

Captagon and Western-backed rebels: New drug, old story Captagon? What's that you may ask? Tweet Captagon is the addictive drug used by some of the numerous terrorists, jihadis, mercenaries and Western-backed rebels in Syria – including Al-Nusra and ISIS . Captagon (aka fenethylline, Biocapton or Fitton) was first produced in 1961 as a mix of amphetamine and theophylline. It became illegal in most countries in 1986 due to WHO pressure. Being a stimulant, it fuels feelings of euphoria, fearlessness and power, gives you an energy rush before the crash, and numbs emotions and empathy. These are of course all qualities which are ideal for soldiers who want to kill and not feel the pain. Apparently, captagon is playing a significant role in the Syrian War , both economically and in terms of its mood-altering ability. Multiple drug busts have occurred since 2010. Last year in November 2015, Turkish authorities confiscated 11 million Captagon pills (1800 kg and worth an estimated US$220 million) that were destined for Syria. Last month in October, Lebanese police seized 3.5 million Captagon pills that were headed for Saudi Arabia. Is the drug another avenue by which the Western alliance (NATO-US-UK) is trying to influence and control the outcome of the Syrian War? Drugs and Soldiers: A Connection Old as Humanity Itself 
There is long history of tyrants, monarchs, despots, army generals and military leaders feeding drugs to their soldiers to enhance their performance. A very early example is Alexander the Great, whose army relied on the opium poppy plant for its morphine (and from which modern heroin is made). The morphine allowed his soldiers to walk and fight with grave injuries and achieve astonishing feats of endurance. In more recent history, in both world wars, American and German soldiers used amphetamines during battle. Historian Norman Ohler recently released a book 'Der totale Rausch' (which literally translates as 'Total Rush') which exposes the Nazi use of drugs during WWII. This article quotes Norman: '… the (German) soldiers used Pervitin, a German product patented in 1937 that contains methamphetamine, which is known today as crystal meth. It was freely available as a medicine until 1939. In Berlin, it became a drug of choice, like people drink coffee to boost their energy. People took loads of Pervitin, across the board. The company wanted Pervitin to rival Coca Cola. So people took it, it worked and they were euphoric …' 
The Nazi rise to power was fueled by their military industrial complex (funded by Americans and Wall St.), including IG Farben, their powerful pharmaceutical conglomerate which was the ancestor of Big Pharma today. Hitler himself was said to be addicted to opiates: 'The first thing I wanted to see were the personal notes of Hitler's personal physician Dr Theodor Morell – … these notes were quite elaborate, describing how he treated Hitler over the years, including things like 'injection as always' and 'Eukodal,' which is a strong opiate.' Captagon: The Force Behind Crazed ISIS Fighters? 
Can captagon explain, at least to some degree, the crazed attitude of ISIS fighters? We don't have definitive proof, but we do have a collation of many anecdotes and quotes indicating that the amphetamine-based drug is a factor. The Washington Post collected these ones: 'You can't sleep or even close your eyes, forget about it,' said a Lebanese user (featured in this BBC documentary ) 'and whatever you take to stop it, nothing can stop it.' 'I felt like I own the world high.' 'Like I have power nobody has. A really nice feeling.' 'There was no fear anymore after I took Captagon.' 'So the brigade leader came and told us, 'this pill gives you energy, try it,' ' he said. 'So we took it the first time. We felt physically fit. And if there were 10 people in front of you, you could catch them and kill them. You're awake all the time. You don't have any problems, you don't even think about sleeping, you don't think to leave the checkpoint. It gives you great courage and power. If the leader told you to go break into a military barracks, I will break in with a brave heart and without any feeling of fear at all — you're not even tired.' 
The world was first horrified by the cruelty of mercenaries like ISIS who were defiling historic sites and beheading prisoners. Was some of that barbarism due to drug-induced states? Where is the Captagon Being Made? 
The Cuban based website Prensa Latina released a short article in 2015 claiming that 'according to experts, the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) began production of Captagon in 2011 in a laboratory in Bulgaria and it is now manufactured elsewhere in the world. Part of the profits from the illegal trade in Captagon, experts say, is used to finance armed extremist groups that are trying to overthrow the Syrian government led by President Bashar al-Assad.' 
The article, however, does not mention which 'experts' it got its information from. While this fits in with what we know of NATO – a US-controlled, aggressive military organization which invades sovereign nations like Libya on the flimsiest of pretexts to gain territory and control for the New World Order – there still needs to be more research done to determine the source of captagon. Other sources suggest it is being produced in Sunni rebel areas. Captivated by Captagon 
The word captagon, coincidentally, is a mix of the words 'captivate' and 'Pentagon' – interesting given the addictive nature of the drug and the potential US role in providing it. War and drugs have a long history together, whether it be because the soldiers are been fed drugs by their commanders, or because the war itself is being fought over the land and fields that grow the drug-producing plants (Vietnamese and Afghani heroin, Latin American cocaine). In his article CIA Drug Wars Could Explain Why Syrian 'Rebels', ISIS Violence Fuelled by Captagon Pills , journalist Patrick Henningsen writes that: 'the deliberate strategic dispensing of potent narcotics in a paramilitary, insurgency theater … is a common technique employed by US intelligence agencies … more often than not, these drugs are the X-factor which fuels the extreme violence we see, and it's used to terrorize local populations and produces more extreme graphic imagery for western media consumption. The result: it aids in the generation of western fear, and public calls for Washington & Co to 'step-up' its military activity in the region – in order to 'keep us safe' in cozy America. A vicious cycle. Isn't this what we've seen in Syria so far?'

ARTICLE

Nestle seeks more groundwater to expand Michigan plant They're putting profits over people - and the environment - yet again By Julie Fidler - November 9, 2016 
The state of Michigan has given a preliminary go-ahead for food and beverage maker Nestle to nearly triple the amount of groundwater it will pump from beneath the state, to be bottled and sold at its Ice Mountain plant, approximately 120 miles from Flint. 
Nestle Waters North America asked the Michigan Department of Environmental Quality (DEQ) to allow the company to increase pumping from 150 to 400 gallons-per-minute at 1 of its production wells north of Evart. 
The company already increased the well's pumping rate last year and earlier this year, but needs the DEQ's approval to max out the withdrawal capacity under the Section 17 of the Michigan Safe Drinking Water Act (SDWA). 
The DEQ already issued a draft proposal for the request in January, and ended a public comment period on the subject on November 3. Carrie Monosmith, environmental health chief in the drinking water office, said the DEQ hadn't received any comments. 
Many Michigan residents feel Nestle has a lot of nerve asking for the increase, in light of Flint's years-long nightmare over lead contamination in their drinking water. Many people in Flint still rely on bottled water for cooking, cleaning, and bathing as the government continues to drag its feet in replacing the corroded pipes. 
Nestle representatives defended the company's efforts to pump more groundwater, saying the 'U.S. market for bottled water in general is driving the bid for more Michigan groundwater.' 
That's right, America. Nestle says it's your fault. 
If that's not infuriating enough, Nestle gets to pump that water for free. Under state law, private property owners may withdraw from the aquifer under their property for free. The only cost is $200 in annual paperwork. 
The interstate Great Lakes compact prohibits water diversions outside of the Great Lakes basin, but a loophole in the law allows water to be sold outside the region, so long as it is shipped in bottles smaller than 5.7 gallons. 
Jeff Ostahowski, vice president of the Michigan Citizens for Water Conservation (MCWC), asks: 
'The issue is the privatization of a critical resource. How much is too much?' 
For years, MCWC has battled against Nestle to prevent it from expanding in the state. 
According to Nestle and the DEQ, an environmental review shows the aquifer can withstand the proposed increase in pumping, and that it won't hurt its flow, levels, or temperature of nearby surface waters.

ARTICLE

Mainstream media in shock after a solid Trump victory; Clinton concedes; will Obama go quietly into the night? Liberals infuriated; people chanting "lock her up, lock her up [...]" By Shepard Ambellas - November 9, 2016 ( INTELLIHUB ) — Early Wednesday morning Donald J. Trump accepted the Presidency of the United States like a true gentlemen, even thanking Hillary Clinton for her long-winded service to the country. 
'Now it's time for America to bind the wounds of division. […] It is time for us to come together as one united people.,' Trump said. 
Trump also reached out to those who chose not to support him in the past for their 'guidance and help' to make America great again. 
'It's a movement comprised of Americans from all races, religions, backgrounds and beliefs who want and expect our government to serve the people, and serve the people it will.' 
[…] 
'Working together, we will begin the urgent task of rebuilding our nation and renewing the American dream. I've spent my entire life and business looking at the untapped potential in projects and in people all over the world. That is now what I want to do for our country,' Trump said. 
'We must reclaim our country's destiny and dream big and bold and daring. We have to do that. We're going to dream of things for our country and beautiful things and successful things once again.' 
At a victory party Trump supporters could be heard chanting 'lock her up, lock her up […],' Tom Llamas told ABC News, pointing out that Hillary Clinton's problems may not be over just yet. Not to mention how such rhetoric infuriated liberals nationwide. Chants of 'LOCK HER UP!' at Trump party raise the necessary Q: Will Trump appoint a special prosecutor to take on Clinton, as promised? 
— McKay Coppins (@mckaycoppins) November 9, 2016 
As the night went on most mainstream figureheads and pundits went into panic mode as the results started to flip, showing overwhelming favor of Trump. They just couldn't figure out how or why Mr. Trump won. It's as if they actually believed their masters fake polls that they were airing the entire race. 
Let me also mention that in many documented cases, people who voted 'all Republican' across the board had issues at the polls with the machines actually switching their votes from Donald Trump to Hillary Clinton. Interestingly enough, despite the fact that a number of Soros deployed voting machines were likely rigged, Trump still won with some lead. 
— TheAngryOne (@The_AngryGuy) November 8, 2016 
It makes you wonder what the actual numbers were. In fact they probably were consistent with many Intellihub polls which have shown Trump vs. Clinton at an 60/40 to and 80/20 split, like the following poll taken on Election Day which shows Trump at 62% over Hillary's 33. 
We are in the midnight hour #ElectionDay , who will win 
— Shepard Ambellas (@ShepardAmbellas) November 8, 2016 
It was also noted by an analyst friend of mine that the Hillary campaign likely was devastated by what they thought was going to be a guaranteed victory and that we will likely see some corrupt politicians flee Washington D.C., like 'rats in the streets.' 
Then we have to contend with the fact that Trump does not take office until Jan. 20, 2017, which may give the rats in D.C. enough time to conduct a counter strike on the Trump campaign. Will Obama go quietly into the night? 
The short and simple answer is: no, he will not. At minimum we can expect more executive orders and the pardoning of connected individuals on his way out. Not to mention that Obama likely has a trick up his sleeve. 
There is always a 'Plan B,' which is essentially orchestrated chaos which would allow Obama to then suspend Trump's inauguration. In fact, all that Obama needs to make it happen, legally, through executive order, would be for a crisis of some type to occur in between now and the inauguration — it's that simple. 
Even an 'act of God,' such as a ' devastating space weather event ' could trigger such action and may. 
We can also expect pockets of unrest, especially in major cities. 
The bottom line is: the elites do not want to loose their power and are not going to wait another four years to regain it. 
#RemainVigilant 
#MAGA Shepard Ambellas is an opinion journalist, filmmaker , radio talk show host and the founder and editor-in-chief of Intellihub News & Politics. Established in 2013, Intellihub.com is ranked in the upper 1% traffic tier on the World Wide Web. Read more from Shep's World . Get the Podcast . Follow Shep on Facebook and Twitter . ©2016. Intellihub.com. All Rights Reserved.

ARTICLE

Watch Megyn Kelly almost cry on air when Trump took the lead #ElectionNight She belived her masters fake polls! LOL! By Shepard Ambellas - November 9, 2016 ( INTELLIHUB ) — Watch as Megyn Kelly's world collapsed around her the moment Donald Trump took the lead on Election Night. 
Kelly's face was pure gold after she realized she herself had been duped by her masters fake polls. She actually thought Hillary Clinton was guaranteed to win. 
LOL. 
#MegynKellysucks 
#Dupedbymasters Shepard Ambellas is an opinion journalist, filmmaker , radio talk show host and the founder and editor-in-chief of Intellihub News & Politics. Established in 2013, Intellihub.com is ranked in the upper 1% traffic tier on the World Wide Web. Read more from Shep's World . Get the Podcast . Follow Shep on Facebook and Twitter . ©2016. INTELLIHUB.COM. All Rights Reserved.

ARTICLE

Obama not ruling out Clinton pardon Will Clinton go free after White House pardon? By Shepard Ambellas - November 9, 2016 WASHINGTON D.C. ( INTELLIHUB ) — The pardoning of former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton is not out of the question, sources say. 
This comes after heaping mounds of evidence of criminal wrongdoing have been publicly released via the Wikileaks platform over the past weeks leading up to Election Night. 
Hillary Clinton and her foundation are under active federal investigation at this time, but as of yet no charges have been made after the Director of the FBI James Comey has cleared Hillary twice publicly. Shepard Ambellas is an opinion journalist, filmmaker , radio talk show host and the founder and editor-in-chief of Intellihub News & Politics. Established in 2013, Intellihub.com is ranked in the upper 1% traffic tier on the World Wide Web. Read more from Shep's World . Get the Podcast . Follow Shep on Facebook and Twitter . Featured Image: WhiteHouse.gov/Pete Souza

ARTICLE

VIDEOS Alert on Russian border over alleged 'Cyber Attacks' and 'Propaganda' NATO is placing 300,000 troops on high alert near Russia's border who will be ready for deployment within two months By Whitney Webb - November 9, 2016 While the attention of the US public is decidedly focused upon the outcome of today's presidential election, US-controlled NATO has announced an unprecedented escalating of its aggressive encirclement of Russia with military assets and troops. Secretary General of NATO, Jens Stoltenberg said in a statement that 300,000 troops have now been placed in a state of 'high alert' in order to deter Russia who, according to NATO, has been 'much more active in many different ways.' This new activity includes 'Russia using propaganda in Europe among NATO allies,' which Stoltenberg says is 'exactly the reason why NATO is responding […] with the biggest reinforcement of our collective defense since the end of the Cold War.' Adam Thomson, an outgoing representative to NATO, has estimated that the new 300,000 troops would be capable of deploying within 180 days, adding that speeding up the speed of deployment is of great importance. Though 'propaganda' was cited as the main reason for the latest NATO build-up against Russia, the measures also come on the heels of Russia's alleged involvement in 'cyber attacks' on the US, despite no concrete evidence, as well as the nuclear war drills it has held domestically. In addition, NATO accused Moscow of deliberately provoking NATO by sending hundreds of paratroopers to a Serbian airbase, just 150 miles from where NATO forces were involved in disaster relief exercises in Montenegro. In response, Igor Sutyagin, an expert at the Royal United Services Institute for Defense and Security Studies told the UK's Sunday Express that if 'Russia wants to show that it can intimidate NATO, NATO saying to Russia, 'If you show up, we'll be there as well.' Frankly, all of these latest accusations coming from NATO are completely absurd. For one thing, the accusation that Russia was involved in 'cyber attacks' or recent hacks is admittedly based on speculation by various US intelligence officials as no concrete evidence has been found to date implicating the Russians. In addition, the statement that said US Intelligence was 'confident' Russia was responsible due to such speculation was authored by James Clapper, the Director of National Intelligence who lied to Congress under oath regarding NSA surveillance. If Clapper lied to the Congress once, what's to stop him from lying to the American people? Furthermore, NATO are the clear aggressors here as they have been carrying out an unprecedented build-up on Russia's border since 2014, placing numerous troops and military hardware in close proximity to Russia as well as carrying out massive military drills. This, along with this newly announced escalation and the rise of neo-McCarthyism in the West, has convinced many, including Russians, that NATO and the West are preparing for a full-scale war against Russia. However, most ridiculous of all is that this latest NATO announcement of troop deployment was spurred by the use of so-called Russian 'propaganda,' a clear attack on news outlets related to Russia such as RT and Sputnik. RT has already been feeling the heat as their UK branch had its bank accounts closed without warning. Though Russia's supposed use of 'propaganda' prompts a military response from NATO, the US and the West have suffered no consequence for its own obvious use of propaganda against Russia and its allies, including this TIME magazine cover . Propaganda was once illegal within the US, but the passage of the 2012 NDAA changed all that, meaning that the West is also definitely using propaganda. Where's the outrage? The fact that NATO's narrative is so blatantly one-sided should be enough proof to us all that there's more to the story than NATO is letting on.

ARTICLE

Trump protest feed: Clinton supporters take to the streets because their team didn't win Trump's sweeping win of the electoral vote was a stunning blow to Hillary Clinton supporters By Daisy Luther - November 10, 2016 
All across the country, the election of Donald Trump is being protested with increasing fervor. Despite all odds ( since all the public odds were rigged ) Trump's sweeping win of the electoral vote was a stunning blow to Hillary Clinton supporters. 
And they aren't taking their loss gracefully. They're shouting, swearing, crying, and, according to the most frequent word I've seen, absolutely terrified. They seem unaware of the irony that when they refer to Trump as a fascist, they're actually the ones protesting a legitimately elected leader simply because their candidate didn't win. 
Protests began last night within hours of the announcement . 
The First Amendment guarantees our right to peaceful assembly , but that isn't what is happening. Injuries, obstruction of roadways, and destruction of property have begun to occur, and I strongly believe the violence will continue to escalate. If you can at all, stay home and away from areas with large gatherings – it doesn't take much to turn a peaceful crowd into an angry mob. If you are unprepared for civil unrest on this scale, go here for guidance . 
We're a small operation here at DaisyLuther.com , and there are just too many people having hissies because their team didn't win the trophy. Since we can't write a new article for each one, I'm putting them into one feed that will be updated frequently. Check back for the latest temper tantrums updates frequently. Wednesday, 10:00 pm CST

ARTICLE

Two liberals on a crusade submit petition for Oregon to secede from the Union New petition hopes to make Oregon a 'safe space' as bigoted liberals plan State's succession By Shepard Ambellas - November 11, 2016 PORTLAND ( INTELLIHUB ) — Two liberals by the names of Jennifer Rollins and Christian Trejbal, likely offended by the powerhouse personality of the new President-Elect, have filed a petition for the State of Oregon to secede from the Union. 
The petition for a 2018 ballot initiative will require only 1,000 signatures to move forward as the two wish to make the state a liberal safe-space, where robust personalities with vigor can't encroach on their feelings. 
Trejbal told the Oregonian Thursday, 'Oregonian values are no longer the values held by the rest of the United States.' 
'Those values? 'Life, liberty, the pursuit of happiness.' 
So essentially you have two bigoted liberals who likely crave open borders, more tax, more security arising from false flag attacks like 9/11 and transgender bathrooms. 
Is this what they call 'happiness?' 
Ladies and gentlemen, if this is the mindset of Oregonians — then all I have to say is good riddance. 
However, I suspect that it is not the mindset of most Oregonians and that these two crazed loons have their own agenda in which it is okay for them to express their ideology but they do not want others, like Trump, to express his. 
The not so dynamic duo plans to get the 1,000 signatures needed by the end of Thursday. 
#SafeSpaceFail 
Shepard Ambellas is an opinion journalist, filmmaker , radio talk show host and the founder and editor-in-chief of Intellihub News & Politics. Established in 2013, Intellihub.com is ranked in the upper 1% traffic tier on the World Wide Web. Read more from Shep's World . Get the Podcast . Follow Shep on Facebook and Twitter . Featured Image: Mike McCune/Flickr

ARTICLE

Trump won because Democratic Party failed working people, says Sanders Former Democratic candidate said he will not rule out another presidential bid in 2020 By Lauren McCauley - November 11, 2016 
Adding his voice to the chorus of condemnation heaped on the Democratic Party in the wake of Donald Trump's election victory, Sen. Bernie Sanders on Thursday attributed the Republican win to the failure of the liberal elite to represent working people. 
'It is an embarrassment, I think, to the entire of [the] Democratic Party that millions of white working-class people decided to vote for Mr. Trump, which suggests that the Democratic message of standing up for working people no longer holds much sway among workers in this country,' the progressive senator and one-time presidential candidate told the Associated Press . 
'You cannot be a party which on one hand says we're in favor of working people, we're in favor of the needs of young people but we don't quite have the courage to take on Wall Street and the billionaire class,' he continued. 'People do not believe that. You've got to decide which side you're on.' 
Sanders—who, according to hypothetical polls conducted during the primary, would have posed a more formidable challenge to Trump than Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton—told the news outlet that he is 'not ruling out' another presidential bid in 2020. But, the 75-year-old senator from Vermont said that, for now, he is focused on rebuilding the party. 
Among the potential changes to be made, Sanders told AP that he would recommend Congressional Progressive Caucus co-chair Rep. Keith Ellison (D-Minn.) to lead the Democratic National Committee (DNC), a position that Ellison has been reportedly vying for. 
The interview comes one day after Sanders issued a statement saying he is prepared to work with the president-elect '[t]o the degree that Mr. Trump is serious about pursuing policies that improve the lives of working families in this country.' 
But, the senator indicated on Thursday he did not think that would be likely. 'I hope I'm wrong, but I believe that he is a fraud, and I think despite all of his rhetoric about being a champion of the working class, it will turn out to be hollow,' Sanders said. 
In an appearance on CNN late Thursday afternoon, when asked if he could have beaten Trump , Sanders said, 'What good does it do now?'

ARTICLE

Review: Agent Orange linked to bladder cancer, hypothyroidism, Parkinson's More veterans may be included in compensation By Christina Sarich - November 11, 2016 
Monsanto and Dow were 2 of the 9 wartime contractors hired by the US government to create Agent Orange, a combination of the toxic chemicals 2,4-D, and 2,4,5-T, just over 40 years ago. The damage these chemicals have perpetrated on our health and environment did not end with the Vietnam War though. 
Aside from the long-term poisoning of soil and crops, a new review of Agent Orange research has found evidence that bladder cancer and hypothyroidism are more strongly linked to exposure to Agent Orange than was previously assumed. 
Although the new information does not support a previously-held belief that spina bifida , a birth defect, occurs more often in the offspring of exposed veterans, a report released by the Institute of Medicine on the health effects of Agent Orange recommended the Veterans Affairs Department grant service-connected presumption to veterans with 'Parkinson's-like symptoms,' not just those diagnosed with Parkinson's disease related to Agent Orange exposure. In addition cancer, endocrine disease, and neurological impairment still loom large in the shadow of Agent Orange's use. 
Government agencies and their contractors who made these chemicals claim they dissipated shortly after being sprayed in the air, but two-thirds of these herbicides were contaminated with TCDD, a form of dioxin, a highly toxic substance linked to at least 15 classes of cancer and other medical conditions, as well as several birth defects . 
The toxic legacy on the Vietnamese will remain for generations, even though the dioxin contaminant may eventually be cleansed from the 'hot spots' remaining in parts of southern Vietnam to this day. ( Agent Orange Record has a repository of information to corroborate these claims.) 
The 1,115-page review is the last of a series conducted by the IOM (part of the National Academies) on health problems related to Agent Orange and other herbicide use during the Vietnam War. 
The panel responsible for writing the report reviewed scientific literature released between October 2012 and September 2014, chaired by Kenneth Ramos, professor of medicine at the Arizona Health Sciences Center, University of Arizona. 
The pronouncement that Agent Orange caused bladder cancer and hypothyroidism was tied to results of a large study of Korean War veterans who served in the Vietnam War. 
The upgrade for bladder cancer and hypothyroidism from the category 'inadequate or insufficient evidence' to 'limited or suggestive evidence,' of a link as well as the recommendation to include Parkinson's-like symptoms to the service-connected list could pave the way for thousands of veterans to receive health care and disability compensation where they have been neglected before. 
This review also shows quite clearly that for either political reasons or scientific ones, or both, we often do not understand the complete ramifications of using pesticides and herbicides until decades after they have been released into the environment, and by this time the damage is far-reaching in multiple layers of society. 
Roughly 2.6 million U.S. veterans served in Vietnam, many of whom may have been exposed to Agent Orange. Many more Vietnamese people, including innocent women and children were exposed to these chemicals as well. The land in Vietnam is still an Agent Orange scourge, with about 12 million gallons of this supercharged weed killer, enough to douse 18,000 square miles , being sprayed on the 66,000 square miles of South Vietnam during the War. That's enough to cover a fourth of the country. 
Agent Orange was supposedly put out of commission in the 1970's, but the ecological damage the spraying of these chemicals caused is still evident throughout Vietnam. 
Attorneys for Military Veterans Advocacy and the Blue Water Navy Vietnam Veterans Association recently presented oral arguments to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia, asking it to decide whether the VA should have included these veterans in their presumption. 
Retired Navy Cmdr. John Wells, executive director of Military-Veterans Advocacy, said the sailors who served on ships should be included because the vessels' distillation systems used water contaminated with Agent Orange to produce drinking water as well as water used for their boilers. 
'There was no magic, invisible Agent Orange filter at the mouth of the rivers,' Wells said. 'We have documented proof of its presence in Nha Trang Harbor, 20 years after the war. That evidence has been presented to the VA. The distillation system which produced drinking water and water for the boilers did not remove the dioxin — it enriched it.' 
Dioxin is a member of the class of persistent organic pollutants which resulted from the deliberately accelerated production of 2,4,5-T, one of the components of Agent Orange. Dioxin can shorten the life of humans exposed to it and is associated with severe degradation of health in this and, potentially, future generations. 
Monsanto was recently held accountable for polluting the environment in non-war time with dioxins. The company had to pay $93 million to citizens of a small town in West Virginia as part of compensation in a settlement for manufacturing dioxins. A factory was opened in Nitro in 1948 for this purpose. 
While this case did not involve glyphosate , another deadly toxin used in Monsanto herbicides such as Roundup, its time will come soon. 
This report makes it clear that further study on the health consequences of dioxin exposure on humans is necessary. Agent Orange is just one of the many deadly chemicals that Monsanto, Dow and other chemical companies manufacture.

ARTICLE

November 11, 2016 Mayor Bill de Blasio shills for Soros; positions to block Trump Admin from acquiring database 
NEW YORK CITY ( INTELLIHUB ) — The city's Mayor Bill de Blasio told the press on Thursday Thursday that he may have to destroy records kept by the city which contain limited personal information on nearly 500,000 illegal immigrants residing within the city. 
The 2015 IDNYC program, aimed at documenting illegal residents, provides illegal aliens with a means to maneuver within the city and function as a typical American citizen as part of a vast scheme concocted by billionaire tycoon and Black Lives Matter promoter George Soros , which ultimately makes NYC a 'sanctuary city.' 
'We're not going to tear families apart. So we will do everything we know how to do to resist that,' de Blasio said, promoting illegal immigration. 
'We're not going to take anything lying down.' 
IDNYC cardholders personal information is stored in encrypted databases on secure servers and may be of interest to the Trump Administration, de Blasio fears. 
The mayor plans to block the Trump Administration from subpoenaing the databases in question, if that issue were ever to arise at a future time. Featured Image: Bill de Blasio/Flickr ©2016. INTELLIHUB.COM. All Rights Reserved.

ARTICLE

Pete Souza/WhiteHouse.gov Will the Establishment elite allow Trump to take the presidency on Jan. 20, 2017? 
WASHINGTON D.C. ( INTELLIHUB ) — The Establishment elite are in panic mode after their rigged elections backfired in their face when vast seas of patriotic Americans took to the polls in favor of Donald J. Trump, giving America's new President-elect the electoral votes needed to win. 
Last Thursday, during a meeting held at the White House, between Donald Trump and President Barack Obama, you could just see how irked Obama was knowing that he was sitting beside a truly patriotic soul; a man with a raging fire burning inside him; a man with the spirit to facilitate making America great again. Not to mention Trump was the man that brought Obama's birth certificate issue to the forefront. The look on @POTUS face when he met @realDonaldTrump #priceless 
— Shepard Ambellas (@ShepardAmbellas) November 12, 2016 
In fact, during the meeting Obama was so threatened by Trump's presence that his 8-year-long legacy likely flashed before his very eyes as the President of the United States realized that on day number one of Donald Trump's presidency, a president Trump, at that point, could simply nullify any and all executive orders signed by the then would-be former president Barack Obama during his tenure as POTUS . What will happen if Trump nullifies all of Obama's executive orders once POTUS? Ted Eytan/Flickr Does this mean no more 'transgender bathrooms?' 
Absolutely. Imagine that; a normal world, how it always was for hundreds, if not thousands of years. Naval History & Heritage Command/Flickr Does that mean Americans can keep their guns? 
Sure does. America would not be America if we did not have the right to bear arms and work to undo what anti-gunners have done in Washington D.C. over the past two decades and what Obama has done over the past 8-years against the U.S. Constitution . Fibonacci Blue/Flickr Does that mean the repeal of Obamacare or major failed portions of it? 
Yes it does. Does that mean the preservation of our civil rights and liberties per the Constitution? 
Sure does. Does that mean implementing a sensible immigration policy; possibly building a wall? 
Yes it does. After all, the Russians are now using advanced killer robots at their border, ones that can engage and kill humans from over 6 miles away. Nancy <I'm gonna SNAP!/Flickr Does that mean putting an end to dangerous geoengineering programs that our affecting all living things on the planet and our weather? 
One can only hope. 
But you can see where I am going with this. The Establishment elite simply do not want to lose their power and in my opinion will likely do anything to keep it. Remember, they have built a legacy and plan to protect it at all costs. 
So in other words; will Donald Trump actually take office against all odds? 
Please comment below and share your opinion on this highly important issue. 
Shepard Ambellas is an opinion journalist, filmmaker , radio talk show host and the founder and editor-in-chief of Intellihub News & Politics. Established in 2013, Intellihub.com is ranked in the upper 1% traffic tier on the World Wide Web. Read more from Shep's World . Get the Podcast . Follow Shep on Facebook and Twitter . ©2016. INTELLLIHUB.COM. All Rights Reserved.

ARTICLE

  Supermoon to pass Earth at closest on Monday morning 
  biggest and brightest moon ever seen since 1948 will occur Monday at 6:23 EST, coming some 216,000 miles from Earth. 
Reports say that the moon's orbit is 'egg-shaped' and that's why it will appear it's biggest Monday morning, until the next time the phenomenon will happen in 2034. Image: R Singh/Flickr

ARTICLE

November 13, 2016 Joe Rogan on coffee and cigarettes 
( INTELLIHUB ) — Physical addiction is 'like a demon,' UFC Commentator Joe Rogan explained on a recent broadcast. 
During the broadcast Rogan pointed out just what the 'demon of physical addiction' likely sounds and looks like, going into character. 
Rogan's guest said that he sometimes dreams about having a cigarette even though he has quit smoking. 
'I've had dreams about cigarettes and I wake up with a negative feeling and you're like fuck, I'm god damn smoking again — it takes like twenty or thirty minutes to get the feeling out of me.' ©2016. INTELLIHUB.COM. All Rights Reserved.

ARTICLE

Monday, November 14, 2016 7:38 AM EST Media personalities who missed the mark; rooted for a criminal Hillary over Trump 
( INTELLIHUB ) — Many TV personalities and members of the mainstream media failed when it came to projecting who will become the next President of the United States, either because they were shilling for their masters who wanted to see no one other then Hillary take the presidency or they simply just did not have a pulse on reality or what the American people actually wanted. 
A short list of a few figureheads that missed the mark: Megyn Kelly (Fox News) Ron Regan (Radio Talk Show Host) President Obama

ARTICLE

VIDEOS President Obama leaves behind a deplorable civil liberties legacy An article published yesterday highlighted some of the extremely illiberal policies perpetrated by so-called 'liberal' champion, Barack Obama By Michael Krieger - Tuesday, November 15, 2016 8:48 AM EST 
More disappointing than the Obama administration itself (which was very disappointing), were the seemingly endless hordes of fake liberals constantly justifying and making excuses for his well documented litany of civil liberties abuses. Naturally, I likewise expect countless Trump supporters to instinctively make similar excuses for Trump if he should end up naming former Goldman Sachs Partner, and overall finance miscreant , Steve Mnuchin as Treasury Secretary. This is a huge part of our problem as a nation. Rather than having well defined principles and defending them, we tend to pick personalities we like and then cheer them on as uncritically as our favorite sports teams. 
Moving along, a New York Times article published yesterday highlighted some of the extremely illiberal policies perpetrated by so-called 'liberal' champion, Barack Obama. 
Here are a few key excerpts: Over and over, Mr. Obama has imposed limits on his use of such powers but has not closed the door on them — a flexible approach premised on the idea that he and his successors could be trusted to use them prudently. Mr. Trump can now sweep away those limits and open the throttle on policies that Mr. Obama endorsed as lawful and legitimate for sparing use, like targeted killings in drone strikes and the use of indefinite detention and military tribunals for terrorism suspects. And even in areas where Mr. Obama tried to terminate policies from the George W. Bush era — like torture and the detention of Americans and other people arrested on domestic soil as 'enemy combatants' — his administration fought in court to prevent any ruling that the defunct practices had been illegal. The absence of a definitive repudiation could make it easier for Trump administration lawyers to revive the policies by invoking the same sweeping theories of executive power that were the basis for them in the Bush years. Two decisions by Mr. Obama in 2009 set the tone for his leave-it-on-the-table approach. They involved whether to keep indefinite wartime detentions without trial and to continue using military commission prosecutions — if not at the Guantánamo prison, which he had resolved to close, then at a replacement wartime prison. Told that several dozen detainees could not be tried for any crime but would be particularly risky to release, and that a handful might be prosecutable only under the looser rules governing evidence in a military commission, Mr. Obama decided that the responsible policy was to keep both the tribunals and the indefinite detentions available. The president refused to use either power on newly captured terrorism suspects, instead prosecuting them in civilian court. But by leaving the options open, he helped normalize them and left them on a firmer legal basis . Mr. Obama followed a similar course with several national security practices that became controversial during his first term. After his use of drones to kill terrorism suspects away from war zones led to mounting concerns over civilian casualties and other matters, he issued a ' presidential policy guidance ' in May 2013 that set stricter limits. They included a requirement that the target pose a threat to Americans — not just to American interests — and that there would be near certainty of no bystander deaths. But the Obama administration also successfully fought in court to establish that judges would not review the legality of such killing operations, even if an American citizen was the target. Mr. Trump — who has said he would 'bomb the hell out of ISIS,' beyond what Mr. Obama is doing, and go after civilian relatives of terrorists, prevailing over any military commanders who balked — could scrap the internal limits while invoking those precedents to shield his acts from judicial review. Similarly, after a surge of criminal prosecutions against people who leaked secret information to the news media and bipartisan outrage at aggressive investigative tactics targeting journalists, the Obama Justice Department issued new guidelines for leak investigations intended to make it harder for investigators to subpoena reporters' testimony or phone records. It also decided not to force a reporter for The New York Times to testify in a leak trial or face prison for contempt. But the Obama administration also successfully fought in court to establish that the First Amendment offers no protection to journalists whom the executive branch chooses to subpoena to testify against confidential sources. Mr. Trump, who has proposed changing libel laws to make it easier to sue news organizations, could abandon the Obama-era internal restraints and invoke the Obama-era court precedent to adopt more aggressive policies in leak investigations. Well done Obama.

ARTICLE

Secret cameras have been warrantlessly recording an entire city's every move from above The brief experiment had sharp repercussions when citizens learned about the covert project By Claire Bernish   3:39 PM EST 
Baltimore Police didn't bother to inform the public (or anyone, for that matter) when they implemented a privately-funded mass surveillance program in January using a wide-angle camera-equipped plane flying above the city — which instantly uploaded and stored everything it recorded, just in case they needed it later. 
As Bloomberg 's Monte Reel reports , a small Cessna plane equipped with 'a sophisticated array of cameras' capable of capturing 'an area of roughly 30 square miles,' funded by an a private donor and provided by Dayton, Ohio-based Persistent Surveillance Systems , sometimes circled above the city for up to 10 hours per day recording and storing everything without anyone being privy to its presence. 
Since January, Reel noted, the Baltimore Police Department has been using this covert Big Brother's eye-in-the-sky 'to investigate all sorts of crimes, from property thefts to shootings.' 
Gone, apparently, are the days when the government's surveillance state drew ire for attempting to ferret out potential terrorists — residents of Baltimore have been guinea pigs for an altogether more insidious spy dragnet. Persistent Surveillance Systems' technology automatically stores all the footage on massive hard drives, making it available to law enforcement long afterward — but the idea police could access this information to solve a simple property crime is no less than alarming. 
Particularly considering the company's founder has an intense military background. 
Ross McNutt, Bloomberg reports, 'is an Air Force Academy graduate, physicist, and MIT-trained astronautical engineer who in 2004 founded the Air Force's Center for Rapid Product Development. The Pentagon asked him if he could develop something to figure out who was planting the roadside bombs that were killing and maiming American soldiers in Iraq. In 2006 he gave the military Angel Fire, a wide-area, live-feed surveillance system that could cast an unblinking eye on an entire city.' 
Though the technology had imperfections — even determining the gender of a person on the ground was impossible — its TiVo-like capabilities more than made up for any shortcomings. A person of interest could be followed by rewinding footage after, say, an IED exploded roadside, to track their movements — even if the cameras weren't focused directly on the explosion at the moment it occurred. If the cameras were in the air at the time, anything that happened was fully trackable both back and forward in time. McNutt's pitch for his technology concisely summarized, 'Imagine Google Earth with TiVo capability.' 
Angel Fire truly evolved at the Los Alamos National Laboratory in New Mexico after 2007, when upgrades allowed for 'all-weather and nighttime capabilities and then was used as the basis for another system, called Blue Devil, which coupled wide-area cameras with narrow-focus zoom lenses in the same package.' 
Over time, after McNutt retired from the military, he worked to further improve the camera array and attended security conferences in hopes of garnering clients. After a brief but effective test run over the skies of Ciudad Juárez, Los Angeles became the first U.S. city to employ Persistent Surveillance' system — and just as covertly as what has been taking place in Baltimore for the last eight months. 
In 2012, the Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department decided to conduct a trial of the system, launching surveillance over the Compton neighborhood for a total of nine days to determine if a contract would be desirable. Although the department ultimately decided against a long-term contract — citing quality in recorded footage as a detractor — the brief experiment had sharp repercussions when citizens learned about the covert project a full year afterward. 
Protesters demanded a 'citizen privacy protection policy' from community leaders against such overarching intrusions by police, but as Bloomberg notes, none of those leaders — including the mayor — had been informed the about surveillance system flying overhead. 
'There is nothing worse than believing you are being observed by a third party unnecessarily,' Compton Mayor Aja Brown told the Los Angeles Times . 
McNutt next attempted to a contract with his own city, Dayton, after vastly improving both the cameras' resolutions, as well as the archive storage capacity and image processing capabilities. While Dayton police and city council jumped at the opportunity, controversy exploded during public hearings. 
'At the hearings,' recalled Joel Pruce, who teaches human rights studies at the University of Dayton, 'nobody spoke in favor of it except for the people working for the city. 
'The black community, in particular, said, 'We've seen this type of thing before. This will target us and you didn't even come to us beforehand to see how we'd feel about it.'' 
Dayton promptly scrapped their plans for Persistent Surveillance' system after those hearings. 
After the public radio show, Radiolab, aired a segment discussing Persistent Surveillance, Texas philanthropists Laura and John Arnold — John is a former Enron trader — contacted McNutt with the proposition to fund several months of his service if he could locate a willing city. 
Since McNutt had met the Baltimore police lieutenant in charge of the city's ground-based surveillance camera system at security trade shows — and because the atmosphere in the city had just exploded following the death of Freddie Gray in police custody — the decision was easy. 
In January, McNutt began operating in a spare office above a parking garage, with the only identifying sign of Persistent Surveillance presence a piece of paper taped to the door, reading, 'Community Support Program.' 
Baltimore has already dealt with an excoriating report from the Justice Department on the city's policing practices and a recently-filed lawsuit with the FCC over law enforcement use of another invasive technology, Stingray, which mimics cell towers for tracking purposes. 
McNutt believes in the legitimacy of the services Persistent Surveillance can provide, and insists the technology isn't as invasive as it might sound since individual identifying details, among other aspects, aren't discernible, and because the every keystroke and action taken by analysts — like video footage — are logged and archived. 
Still, this sort of surveillance — vague though it may be — undoubtedly represents yet another incremental incursion into people's private lives. And we all know where that slippery slope leads.

ARTICLE

VIDEOS Globalist plan for human control The New World Order structure of global submission basically wants to remove free will from the human condition By Sartre   12:11 PM EST 
Recognizing that there is and has been a century's long shrouded plan to mastermind a worldwide Weltanschauung that puts a diabolical elite mastery over the billions of human beings, which make up the vast hordes of divinely created life on this planet, is a taboo topic in most cultures. The entire system of socially manufactured perception is a plot to keep people in line and docile. Mass societal pressure is dumped on anyone, who dares to put forth a confederacy organism of global rule explanation for understanding political, social and economic affairs. Keeping the enigma program for extending a cruel and deadly supremacy over mankind cannot be kept secret any longer. 
A brief and concise definition of The Globalist Agenda follows: 
'Simply put, the globalist movement is an alliance based on self-interest of the private international financiers and the royal, dynastic and hereditary land owning families of Britain, Europe and America which over the years have intermarried to create a self regenerating power structure that through lies and deception seeks to control everything and everyone on earth.' 
Review the glaring elements that make up the demented mindset and ultimate objections of these demonic demons devoted to their satanic master. 
This summary of attitudes and aims might not be earth shattering for dedicated observers of the power elite, but for those who avoid any appearance of being tagged as a tin foil wearing conspiracy kook, mustering up the courage to confront the facts of real history may be too much to contemplate. Nullifying one's comfort zone, even if it is totally false, is not an attribute for those who never developed character of sincerity or intellectual honesty. 
Prof. Dr. MUJAHID KAMRAN provides a well documented account of Who Really Controls the World? Coming from a non Western perspective, it is most encouraging that the exposure of the force beyond the scene is resonating in every corner of the planet. 
'The wealthiest families on planet earth call the shots in every major upheaval that they cause. Their sphere of activity extends over the entire globe, and even beyond, their ambition and greed for wealth and power knows no bounds, and for them, most of mankind is garbage – 'human garbage.' It is also their target to depopulate the globe and maintain a much lower population compared to what we have now.' 
When The Communist Takeover Of America – 45 Declared Goals from ' The Naked Communist ,' by Cleon Skousen was published, most people were diverted to thinking that a Marxist ideology was the primary enemy during the cold war. Left to the perceptive and astute, the most informed understand that the totalitarian creed of collectivism was originated and implemented by Jews. The influence of designed destruction for Western institutions and heritage, which facilitate and spreads the New World Order power structure, is the sacred canon of the privileged Globalist elites. 
A serious researcher cannot ignore or circumvent this historic fact. Academic censorship would have the timid stay clear of this detail to avoid being smeared as a critic of the 'so called' chosen tribe. Those who buy into this asinine prerequisite, which is the height of chutzpah, would be petrified to actually review the sentiments of What world famous men said about the Jews . 
Now not every wicked globalist is exclusively Jewish. However, the proportion of Judaic race identity and Talmud proponents within the Globalist circle of black magic is overwhelmingly disproportionate to their population numbers. Also, there is no one single mythos viewpoint among globalists as The Two Jewish-led Globalist Camps… In Competition For Global Control illustrates. 'There are two distinct ideological globalist camps, both led by Jews — each camp competes with the other for global control: 1) THE LIBERAL CAMP 2) THE NEOCON CAMP' 
The inquiry into the influence of Jewish Faces in the Government can fill several books. Yet, the bias against covering this topic is so strong that only brave souls venture into the cauldron of popular culture ostracization. 
If you have the courage to venture where most will not dare, take a close look at the lists provided on THE GLOBALISTS site. The lead rundown presents: 'The global elite march in four essential columns: Corporate, Academic, Political and Organized Religion . In general, the goals for globalism are created by Corporate . Academic then provides studies and white papers that justify Corporate goals. Political sells Academic's arguments to the public and if necessary, changes laws to accommodate and facilitate Corporate in getting what it wants. Organized Religion along with church and state secures corporate, academic and political rule into a global order.' 
The lists of oligarch families, Committee of 300 and organized groups of the ruling class is a combination of dynasty elements that make up their cabal syndicate of power and dominance. The Rothschild linage bears the most attention for the central blood line of the international finance and the global cartel. Nevertheless, the choreographed architecture for governance goes well beyond an analysis of money, politics and force. 
In order to restrict the world view and impose a rigid abidance into an occult Babylonian religion, The Globalist Agenda contends: New Religion Based on Earth Worship 
'Today, the elite are seeking to destroy the old religious belief systems and replace them with a 'new age' religion based on a form of earth worship. Doing so will accomplish multiple objectives – to get people to accept lower standards of living; to accept voluntary sterilization to save mother earth thus helping to depopulate the planet; and to accept restrictions on rights and freedoms in the name of saving the environment.' 
The Globalist Plan to take-down the whole World by Preston James, Ph.D postulates: 
' Set up a comprehensive multi-level secret Luciferian matrix used to induce and promote selected individuals who are willing to do anti-human debased acts in exchange for extreme rewards of fame, money and power in return for their willingness to give up their souls. This provides a cadre of deeply committed sold-out top controllers who can be later disposed of when no longer needed. With abject secrecy their whole system becomes exposed and crumbles.' 
This certainly sounds similar to the way the Plutocrat Jewery deviltry operates. For an evaluation on how The Dark Agenda Behind Globalism And Open Borders works, Zero Hedge sounds a familiar theme. 
' The people behind the effort to enforce globalism are tied together by a particular ideology, perhaps even a cult-like religion , in which they envision a world order as described in Plato's Republic. They believe that they are 'chosen' either by fate, destiny or genetics to rule as philosopher kings over the rest of us. They believe that they are the wisest and most capable that humanity has to offer , and that through evolutionary means, they can create chaos and order out of thin air and mold society at will.' 
Now what group of self proclaimed super elites does this most scrupulously describe? 
The globalist plan for human servitude and ultimate liquidation is a direct result of the hubris from these deranged omnipotent imposters. Only through a sincere and dedicated investigation into the working of the ' Khazarian Mafia ', a term penned by Dr. James, can one begin to comprehend the nature of the pandemic ethos that is at the core of the globalist cult. 
Who better to conclude a dissecting of the Globalist Plan for Human Control than the teaching of Texe Marrs? From his Exclusive Intelligence Examiner Report you get an account you will not read in the controlled media. 
'Children of hell, that's what Jesus called the Jewish religious teachers. That was almost 2,000 years ago. Well, guess what? The Jewish religionists are even worse now, in the 21st century. They've had almost 2,000 years more to practice and perfect their evil religion. Today, those who practice satanic cabalism and believe in the Talmud are the children of hell a hundred times over.' 
The globalists adopt the practices and mores of this perversion from the Old Testament faith of Moses, Isaac, Jacob, and the prophets. Their design for a soulless existence and final mass annihilation is the essence of archfiend wickedness. The New World Order structure of global submission basically wants to remove free will from the human condition. 
Every thinking and God fearing person must resist and oppose the autocracy of the Tempter for global secularization. As more individuals assimilate into a reprobate culture that lacks faith in the divine word of God, the end collapse of society and all decency is inevitable.

ARTICLE

Russian analysis shows western-backed terrorists using chemical weapons against civilians In yet another blow to the credibility of the Western corporate media and the anti-Syria propaganda blitz By Brandon Tuberville   9:50 AM EST 
Although the 1070 Apartment Complex was liberated by the Syrian government a few days ago, the terrorists have been repeatedly shelling the area with indiscriminate missiles in order to kill civilians attempting to flee terrorist control as well as firing missiles at Syrian military personnel. Many of these missiles have been filled with poisonous gas which the Russian Center has identified as being chlorine and white phosphorous. 
Dozens of people have been injured as a result of the chemical munitions and have been hospitalized for treatment. Chlorine and white phosphorous both cause extremely painful deaths. 
While the United States government has repeatedly accused the Syrian military of using chemical weapons against terrorists and even civilians, not one shred of evidence has been produced to back up these claims. 
However, not only have a number of internationally recognized experts demonstrated clearly that the terrorists have used chemical weapons against both civilians and Syrian military soldiers, the terrorist forces have admitted as much by videotaping themselves testing the weapons and threatening to use them against those who oppose them. 
Notably, all of these substances were banned by the Chemical Weapons Convention on January 13, 1993. 
The Russian center has established a mobile analysis center in Aleppo in order to test samples quickly but the samples will soon be sent to the Radiological, Chemical, and Biological Center in Moscow. This center is accredited by the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons. 
In yet another blow to the credibility of the Western corporate media and the anti-Syria propaganda blitz it has maintained since early 2011, experts from the Russian Center For Radiological, Chemical, and Biological Defense have recently announced that analysis of the shells fired by terrorists at the 1070 Apartment Complex in Aleppo contained chemical weapons. 
This new revelation brings Western propaganda crashing to ground in regards to the claims that it is Assad's government using chemical weapons and that the terrorists have no access to them. 
'Rapid sample analysis shows that the toxic substances in the militants' artillery ammunition were chlorine and white phosphorus,' an analyst from the center said.

ARTICLE

Latest short list for Trump cabinet positions – It's a 'knife fight' Communications adviser, Jason Miller, confirmed that Trump's cabinet will be anything but "traditional" By Tyler Durden - Wednesday, November 16, 2016 10:04 AM EST 
As Donald Trump's transition team continues to debate who will fill key cabinet positions, the competition between potential appointees is growing more fierce with one insider describing it as a 'knife fight.' So far, Trump has named RNC head Reince Priebus as Chief Of Staff and the controversial Breitbart executive, Steve Bannon, as Chief Strategist. While the transition team has been guarded so far about who will fill the remaining roles, communications adviser Jason Miller confirmed that Trump's cabinet will be anything but 'traditional': 'You're going to see a number of different names that are ultimately becoming a part of the President-elect's administration. There will be non-traditional names, a number of people who have had wide-ranging success in a number of different fields; wide-ranging success in business … People will be excited when they see the type of leaders the President-elect brings into this administration.' Of the key open positions, John Bolton and Rudy Giuliani are the rumored favorites for Secretary of State and Senator Jeff Sessions is thought to be the front-runner for Attorney General. With that said, per Reuters , here is a short list of people thought to be in the running for the various cabinet positions that need to be filled over the coming months: 
SECRETARY OF STATE Bob Corker, Tennessee senator and chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee John Bolton, former U.S. ambassador to the United Nations under President George W. Bush Newt Gingrich, Republican former U.S. House Speaker Zalmay Khalilzad, former U.S. ambassador to Iraq Rudy Giuliani, Republican former mayor of New York City 
ATTORNEY GENERAL Rudy Giuliani Jeff Sessions, senior member of the Senate Judiciary Committee who takes a hard line on immigration Chris Christie, Republican New Jersey governor Pam Bondi, Republican Florida Attorney General Trey Gowdy, Republican congressman from South Carolina who headed the House committee that investigated the 2012 attacks on the U.S. mission in Benghazi, Libya TREASURY SECRETARY Steven Mnuchin, former Goldman Sachs executive and Trump's campaign finance chairman Jeb Hensarling, Texas Republican congressman and chairman of the House Financial Services Committee Jamie Dimon, JPMorgan Chase & Co chief executive officer Tom Barrack, founder and chairman of Colony Capital Inc 
DEFENSE SECRETARY Lieutenant General Michael Flynn, former director of the Defense Intelligence Agency Stephen Hadley, former national security adviser under President George W. Bush Jon Kyl, former Republican senator from Arizona Jeff Sessions, Republican senator from Alabama and early Trump supporter, member of the Senate Armed Services Committee Kelly Ayotte, outgoing Republican senator from New Hampshire and member of the Senate Armed Services Committee Duncan Hunter, Republican congressman from California and early Trump supporter, member of House Armed Services Committee Jim Talent, former Republican senator from Missouri who was on the Senate Armed Services Committee 
HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES SECRETARY Ben Carson, former neurosurgeon and 2016 Republican presidential candidate Newt Gingrich Rich Bagger, former pharmaceutical executive and former top aide to New Jersey Governor Chris Christie Bobby Jindal, former Louisiana governor 
HOMELAND SECURITY SECRETARY Michael McCaul, U.S. Republican congressman from Texas and chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee David Clarke, Milwaukee county sheriff and vocal Trump supporter Joe Arpaio, outgoing Maricopa County, Arizona, sheriff who campaigned for Trump 
HEAD OF THE ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY Myron Ebell, a climate change skeptic at the libertarian Competitive Enterprise Institute who is overseeing environmental policy on Trump's transition team Robert Grady, venture capitalist, partner in private equity firm Gryphon Investors Leslie Rutledge, Arkansas attorney general Carol Comer, commissioner of the Indiana Department of Environmental Management 
ENERGY SECRETARY Harold Hamm, Oklahoma oil and gas mogul, CEO of Continental Resources Inc Larry Nichols, co-founder of Devon Energy Corp James Connaughton, CEO of Nautilus Data Technologies and a former environmental adviser to President George W. Bush U.S. Representative Kevin Cramer, of North Dakota Robert Grady Sarah Palin, Republican former Alaska governor who ran for vice president in 2008 Jan Brewer, former Arizona governor Forrest Lucas, founder of oil products company Lucas Oil Harold Hamm

ARTICLE

VIDEOS Popularity contest: Dems introduce bill to abolish Electoral College The Electoral College goes back to the 1787 Constitutional Convention, where delegates 'distrusted the passions of people' and lacked faith in a direct democracy's ability to select a president.   12:01 PM EST 


The Electoral College has been under fire since Donald Trump became president-elect, and now Democrats in Congress are moving ahead to dismantle the 'outdated, undemocratic system.' 
Last Tuesday's surprise victory for Trump left many Democrats side-eyeing the Electoral College, as the 2016 election marked the second time in recent history that the popular vote failed to align with the actual electoral result. 
Senator Barbara Boxer (D-California) filed new legislation on Tuesday that would replace the Electoral College with the popular vote. 
' The Electoral College is an outdated, undemocratic system that does not reflect our modern society, and it needs to change immediately ,' she said in a statement. 
In 2012, Trump agreed with her. Then on Tuesday, the president-elect tweeted in defense of the institution. 
He has so far attained 290 electoral votes, surpassing the 270 required to win the presidency. The electoral college is a disaster for a democracy. 
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 7, 2012 The Electoral College is actually genius in that it brings all states, including the smaller ones, into play. Campaigning is much different! 
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 15, 2016 
The popular vote is still being tallied. Late Tuesday, the Associated Press reported Hillary Clinton had 61,438,917 votes, nearly a million more than Trump's 60,646,655. 
In the past week, over 4 million US citizens have signed a petition asking electors of the Electoral College to vote against the will of their state and in favor of Clinton to reflect the popular vote. The petition has met a lot of criticism, largely because the December vote of electors is mostly ceremonial, and the likelihood of such an unprecedented turnaround is extremely low. Trump wins Electoral College thanks to older whites, loses popular vote https://t.co/xag3XCCuQL pic.twitter.com/tLACODa0hM 
— RT America (@RT_America) November 10, 2016 
The history of the Electoral College goes back to the 1787 Constitutional Convention, where delegates ' distrusted the passions of people ' and lacked faith in a direct democracy's ability to select a president. So, when the electors would gather to cast their votes, they were left to use their best judgment to make the choice. As the system evolved into a two-party one, the Electoral College ballot continued to grow with them and created a winner-takes-all policy for most states. 
Trump is the fourth US president to win the Electoral College vote and lose the popular vote. John Quincy Adams, the sixth US president, won his election in 1824 through a vote of the House of Representatives when neither he nor Andrew Jackson won a majority of the Electoral College votes, although Jackson had won the popular vote.

ARTICLE

VIDEOS Citizens in these 3 US states took action on water fluoridation bans In the spring of 2015, the U.S. government lowered fluoride levels in drinking water for the first time in 50 years By Julie Fidler - Thursday, November 17, 2016 11:17 AM EST 
Voters in Kennebunk, Kennebunkport, and Wells Water District in Maine; Healdsburg, California (Sonoma County); and Greenville, Texas went to the polls on November 8 to voice their views on whether to ban fluoride in their drinking water . 
Fluoride was added to the U.S. water supply purportedly to ward off cavities . However, some research does suggest that water fluoridation does nothing to improve dental health . In fact, countries with fluoridated water do not have less tooth decay than non-fluoridated countries. [1] 
Furthermore, about 40% of American teens show signs of fluoride over-exposure, or dental fluorosis . Fluorosis is a tooth enamel defect that makes the teeth look like they are covered in cloudy spots and streaks. In more severe cases, fluorosis results in brown stains and tooth erosion. 
Nobody wants to get their teeth drilled or have a root canal, but the health risks associated with fluoride are far worse than holes in your teeth: Arthritis Thyroid disease Acute toxicity 
In the spring of 2015, the U.S. government lowered fluoride levels in drinking water for the first time in 50 years, after researchers at Harvard University and other institutions found that exposure to high levels of fluoride can cause numerous health problems and lower IQ. 
Let's take a look at how these communities voted. Maine 
Residents of 7 towns – Kennebunk, Kennebunkport, Wells, Ogunquit, Arundel and parts of Biddeford and York – voted to stop treating drinking water with fluoride . All of the communities get their drinking water from the Wells Water District. [2] 
District superintendent Norm Labbe said in a statement: 'The Water District is pleased with the outcome of the fluoride referendum. It's evident that the voting public is now more informed about the subject than they were back in 2002, when fluoridation was voted in. The water district thanks the Campaign to Reconsider Water Fluoridation volunteers and in particular the voters for their knowledgeable decision to cease the addition of fluoride to our water. We look forward to staying true to our mission of providing the highest quality of water at the lowest reasonable cost.' The ballot referendum was the work of the Campaign to Reconsider Fluoride, a small group of concerned residents who are concerned that water fluoridation equates to mass-medicating and over-fluoridation. 
The water district started adding fluoride to water in 2004 as part of a 2002 referendum. Healdsburg, Sonoma County 
It was a different story in Healdsburg, California. 
For the 2nd time in 2 years, residents there appeared to vote down a measure to remove fluoride from city drinking water. The vote has yet to be finalized, but as of November 9, Measure T was failing, 59% to 41%. [3] 
Shawn Widick, a Healdsburg dentists running the No on Measure T campaign, said: 'I'm pretty ecstatic the citizens got it right again. It's ridiculous because it's a public health issue and such a benefit to our community. We shouldn't have to be dealing with this again.' 
Measure T called for a moratorium on adding fluoride to city water until the manufacturer could prove it was 'safe and effective.' Fluoride has been added to Healdsburg water for the last 60 years. 
Fluoride opponents rejected a similar measure in 2014 by a majority 66%. 
About 2/3 of Californians have fluoridated water. Greenville, Texas 
The Greenville City Council voted to affirm an earlier decision to resume fluoridating the local water supply , despite several people speaking out against the practice. One of the opponents was Kory Watkins, who argued the measure was an unconstitutional violation of individual rights . [4] 
He said: 'Fluoride is poisonous. If you ingest too much of it, it is going to be a problem. There is no control. There is no doctor looking over the dose of the medication.' 
Greenville stopped fluoridating its water in September 2013 after it was determined that fluoridation was causing too much wear and tear on equipment.

ARTICLE

Why Donald Trump must shut down The Federal Reserve and start issuing debt-free money It would take someone very bold to make a move like this By Michael Snyder - Thursday, November 17, 2016 10:26 AM EST 
If Donald Trump truly wants to fix the economy, he must shut down the Federal Reserve. If he just tries to patch up our current system, he will fail, because it has been fundamentally flawed from the very beginning. A little over a century ago, very powerful forces on Wall Street convinced Congress to completely restructure our financial system. An immensely powerful central bank known as the Federal Reserve was created, and the goal was to transform the U.S. dollar into a debt-based currency that would continuously be inflated and to create an endless debt spiral from which the federal government could never possibly escape. Sadly, they were successful on both counts. Since the creation of the Federal Reserve, the value of the U.S. dollar has declined by approximately 98 percent and our national debt has gotten more than 5000 times larger . 
Americans tend to give most of the credit or most of the blame for the performance of the U.S. economy to our presidents, but the truth is that an unelected, unaccountable group of central bankers has far more power over our economy than anyone else does. The Federal Reserve has become known as ' the fourth branch of government ', but unlike the other branches of government we are told that the Fed's decisions are 'above politics' because they are 'too important'. Fed officials fiercely guard their 'independence', and they fiercely resist any 'interference' from Congress, the President, or the American people. 
Donald Trump can try to lower taxes and reduce regulations, but what he will be able to do to influence the economy pales in comparison to the immensely powerful tools that the Fed wields. The Fed controls interest rates, the Fed controls the money supply, and the Fed regulates the banks. 
To give you an idea of how enormously powerful the Fed is, I want you to pull out a dollar bill. 
As you look at that dollar bill, I want you to notice that it says 'Federal Reserve Note' right at the top. 
In the financial world, a 'note' is an instrument of debt, and the truth is that our system was designed to create as much debt as possible. 
So why are we using debt-based 'Federal Reserve Notes' in the first place? Shouldn't Congress have control over our currency? 
According to Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitution , it is Congress that has the authority to 'coin Money, regulate the Value thereof, and of foreign Coin, and fix the Standard of Weights and Measures'. 
So how did the Fed get involved? 
Well, it is a very long and convoluted story, and if you are interested in the history behind it I would commend to you an excellent book by C. Edward Griffin entitled ' The Creature from Jekyll Island: A Second Look at the Federal Reserve '. Basically, big money interests on Wall Street got their hooks into the White House and Congress, and they rushed through legislation right before Christmas in 1913 that created this insidious central banking system that was designed to slowly but surely take wealth from the American people and put it into their hands. 
Sadly, most Americans don't even realize that we have a debt-based currency, nor do they understand where our money comes from. In a previous article , I discussed how money is normally created by the Federal Reserve under our current system… 
When the U.S. government decides that it wants to spend another billion dollars that it does not have, it does not print up a billion dollars. 
Rather, the U.S. government creates a bunch of U.S. Treasury bonds (debt) and takes them over to the Federal Reserve. 
The Federal Reserve creates a billion dollars out of thin air and exchanges them for the U.S. Treasury bonds. 
The Federal Reserve takes the U.S. Treasury bonds that it receives in exchange for the 'Federal Reserve Notes' that it gave to the government and it auctions off those bonds to the highest bidder . But of course this process always creates more debt than it does money… The U.S. Treasury bonds that the Federal Reserve receives in exchange for the money it has created out of nothing are auctioned off through the Federal Reserve system. But wait. There is a problem. Because the U.S. government must pay interest on the Treasury bonds, the amount of debt that has been created by this transaction is greater than the amount of money that has been created. So where will the U.S. government get the money to pay that debt? Well, the theory is that we can get money to circulate through the economy really, really fast and tax it at a high enough rate that the government will be able to collect enough taxes to pay the debt. But that never actually happens, does it? And the creators of the Federal Reserve understood this as well. They understood that the U.S. government would not have enough money to both run the government and service the national debt. They knew that the U.S. government would have to keep borrowing even more money in an attempt to keep up with the game. 
So our debt just keeps going up and up and up. While Barack Obama has been in the White House our national debt has risen by more than 9 trillion dollars, and at this moment it is sitting just under the 20 trillion dollar mark . 
But we shouldn't be surprised by this, because this is precisely what the Federal Reserve system was designed to do to us. 
But we shouldn't be surprised by this, because this is precisely what the Federal Reserve system was designed to do to us. 
Many conservatives still hold to the mistaken illusion that we could somehow pay all of this debt back someday, but as I have shown in a previous article, this is mathematically impossible to do . 
If the government went out today and grabbed every single dollar in existence we could not pay back the national debt, and of course we have trillions of dollars of household debt, trillions of dollars of corporate debt and trillions of dollars of state and local government debt that we need to pay back as well. 
Under the current system our only hope is to keep the wheel spinning by continuing to devalue the dollar and by continuing to go into even greater amounts of debt. 
And of course it isn't just the United States that is in this predicament. At this point, almost every single nation on the entire planet has a central bank. 
Even though there are extremely sharp disagreements among nations on virtually everything else, somehow central banking has achieved nearly universal adoption. 
As you read this article, well over 99.9% of the population of the globe lives in a country that has a central bank. 
Do you think that is just a coincidence? 
Of course there are still a few very small countries such as the Federated States of Micronesia that do not have a central bank, but the only big nation not to have one is North Korea. 
And you would literally have to be insane to want to live in North Korea. 
But now we have an opportunity to get free from this insidious system. The truth is that we don't have to have a central bank. In fact, the greatest period of economic growth in U.S. history was when there was no central bank . 
We don't need central planners to set our interest rates and to manipulate our money supply. They will never admit this, but the reality of the matter is that their interference in the economy often creates tremendous economic busts. 
Since the Federal Reserve was created in 1913, there have been 18 distinct recessions or depressions : 1918, 1920, 1923, 1926, 1929, 1937, 1945, 1949, 1953, 1958, 1960, 1969, 1973, 1980, 1981, 1990, 2001, 2008. 
Considering their track record, isn't it time for a change? 
And we don't have to have a debt-based currency. In fact, not too long ago we had a president that decided to start issuing debt-free 'United States Notes'. 
Back in 1963, President John F. Kennedy issued Executive Order 11110 which authorized the U.S. Treasury to issue debt-free 'United States Notes' which were directly created by the U.S. government. 
He was assassinated shortly thereafter. 
Most Americans don't realize this, but many of the debt-free United States Notes that were issued under President Kennedy are still in circulation today , and President Trump could do something similar. 
But will he? 
It has been said that the borrower is the servant of the lender, and the Federal Reserve system has turned all of us into debt slaves. 
Debt is a form of social control, and the global elite use all of this debt to dominate the planet. The total amount of debt in the world just hit a brand new record high of 152 trillion dollars , and the longer we allow the central banks to control the system the bigger this debt bubble will become. 
There is a way out, and here in the United States that starts with shutting down the Federal Reserve and issuing debt-free currency. It would take someone very bold to make a move like this, and so let us hope that the man that we just elected is up to the task.

ARTICLE

VIDEOS Hillary 'attack dog' David Brock plotting with Soros, Steyer, Sussman to 'kick Trump's ass' If there is one thing that is missing from the most scandalous political election in recent history, it is an attempt to physically eliminate the president By Tyler Durden - Friday, November 18, 2016 9:42 AM EST 
The last time we encountered David Brock , Hillary Clinton's so called media 'attack dog', was two months ago when we exposed a money laundering scheme involving over a dozen of his Pro-Clinton SuperPACs. Now, it appears that unable to concede defeat, the man who aligned his career with Hillary Clinton, is going for blood, and is soliciting the help, but mostly money, of Clinton's top donors. 
According to Politico , Brock is launching his own Koch-brothers-like donor network to finance attacks on President-elect Donald Trump and to rebuild the political left after Trump's stunning victory over Clinton last week. In an email sent out on Thursday night, Brock emailed more than 200 of the biggest donors on the left, including finance titans George Soros, Tom Steyer and Donald Sussman all of whom invested millions of dollars in Clinton's campaign with nothing to show for it, inviting them to a private retreat in Palm Beach during inauguration weekend to assess what Democrats did wrong in 2016, figure out how to correct it and raise cash for those initiatives. 
' This will be THE gathering for Democratic donors from across the country to hear from a broad and diverse group of leaders about the next steps for progressives under a Trump Administration ,' Brock wrote to the donors in an email. 'What better way to spend inaugural weekend than talking about how to kick Donald Trump's ass?' Brock said. The retreat, which is planned as the first in a series of regular gatherings, will feature appearances by an array of Democratic elected officials, operatives and liberal thinkers and group officials, Brock explained in an interview. 
While it is unclear how many of the addressed billionaires confirmed their presence at this 'secret' gathering, Brock predicted there would be significant interest, noting that the keynote address at his last major donor conference, back in 2013, was delivered by former President Bill Clinton. It is unclear how much Clinton received for one hours of his time. 
Brock is a self-described 'right-wing hitman-turned-Clinton enforcer ' who has used his relationships with some of the left's wealthiet supporters and billionaire donors to build an armada of aggressive political outfits that have become pillars of the institutional left and that raised a combined $65 million during the 2016 cycle. As profiled previously, Brock's groups include the conservative media monitoring non-profit Media Matters, the opposition research super PAC American Bridge and the legal watchdog Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington. 
That's not all: other groups in his network include the liberal media-funding vehicle American Independent Institute, the media-training non-profit Franklin Forum and the for-profit social media operation ShareBlue, which The New York Times described as 'Hillary Clinton's Outrage Machine.' A seventh group, a super PAC called Correct the Record that was created to coordinate directly with Clinton's campaign , is winding down, though Brock said that a number of its functions and personnel likely will be absorbed by his other groups. 
And yet one wonders if Brock's attempt to square things up with Trump isn't too little, too late, especially for a many who like Huma Abedin, has been so closely associated with Hillary and her now defunct political career: Brock acknowledged in the interview: 'There is no question that we poured our heart and soul into this election for Hillary, but these institutions were built before her campaign and were intended to outlast it.' 
To separate himself from the Clintons whom he serves so well over the years, Brock said in his email to donors that he created Media Matters more than a decade ago to help the left push back during George W. Bush's presidency. 
'In 2005, we were part of a successful progressive effort to regroup, retool and recover,' he wrote. 'While today's situation is more dire, media matters more than ever.' 
But the biggest problem for Brock is that he is likely stepping on the very toes of those whose money he is after: as Politico notes, the Palm Beach retreat seems to be a challenge to the 12-year-old Democracy Alliance, a club of liberal financiers that was started by Soros and a handful of other major donors to fund the institutional left . In fact, the club, which held its annual winter meeting this week in Washington, helped launch Media Matters, and many of Brock's donors belong to its ranks. Brock said he's inviting the president of the DA, as the club is known, to his Palm Beach retreat. 
There is one way Brock's network hopes to differentiate itself: while the Democracy Alliance at its winter meeting discussed ways to push back on the Trump administration, many of the group's members have tried to train its focus on pressuring Democrats from the left on issues like fighting climate change, money in politics and drug laws; Brock however is more overtly and aggressively political, and has been 'largely agnostic on the philosophical divisions with which Democrats are grappling.' 
'We don't think of this as representing a faction of the Democratic Party, but a cross-section of it, so we're not going to precook things ideologically,' he said. 'It is very politically minded, and there is an urgency to it.' 
At this point two questions emerge: one of the main reasons why Clinton lost is precisely due to behind the scenes scheming such as this, where political 'attack dog' operatives would meet with billionaires and strategize how to shift public perception on any number of items. That has now been proven to be a losing strategy. Have the democrats truly not learned anything from their most shocking failure in history? 
The next question is just how much more 'overtly and aggressively political' will Brock, whose organizations have been alleged to be behind a number of the anti-Trump riots in recent months, be in his quest to take down, or rather 'kick the ass' of Donald Trump. Because if there is one thing that is so far missing from the most scandalous political election in recent history, it is an attempt to physically eliminate the president. We can only hope that the 'hitman-turned-Clinton enforcer' will not decide to go that far.

ARTICLE

11 very depressing economic realities that Donald Trump will inherit There will be tremendous pressure to maintain the status quo By Michael Snyder - Friday, November 18, 2016 9:16 AM EST 
It would be a grave mistake to understate the amount of damage that has been done to the U.S. economy over the past eight years. In this article, I am going to share some economic numbers with you that are extremely sobering. Anyone that takes a cold, hard, honest look at the numbers should be able to see that our economy is in terrible shape. Unfortunately, the way that we see things is often clouded by our political views. Up until the election, Democrats were far more likely then Republicans to believe that the economy was improving, but now that is in the process of completely reversing. According to Gallup , only 16 percent of Republicans believed that the economy was getting better before the election, but that number has suddenly jumped to 49 percent after Trump's election victory. And the percentage of Democrats that believe that the economy is getting better fell from 61 percent to 46 percent after the election. Here are some additional details from Gallup … After Trump won last week's election, Republicans and Republican-leaning independents now have a much more optimistic view of the U.S. economy's outlook than they did before the election. Just 16% of Republicans said the economy was getting better in the week before the election, while 81% said it was getting worse. Since the election, 49% say it is getting better and 44% worse. Conversely, Democrats and Democratic-leaning independents' confidence in the economy plummeted after the election. Before the election, 61% of Democrats said the economy was getting better and 35% worse. Now, Democrats are evenly divided, with 46% saying it is getting better and 47% saying it is getting worse. 
The truth, of course, is that the result of the election did not somehow magically alter the outlook for the U.S. economy. 
We still have a giant mess on our hands, and the following are 11 very depressing economic realities that Donald Trump will inherit from Barack Obama… 
#1 Nearly 7 out of every 10 Americans have less than $1,000 in savings . That means that about two-thirds of the country is essentially living paycheck to paycheck at this moment. 
#2 Reuters is reporting that U.S. mall investors are poised to lose 'billions' of dollars as the ' retail apocalypse ' in this nation deepens. 
#3 Credit card delinquencies have hit the highest level that we have seen since 2012 . 
#4 Approximately 35 percent of all Americans have a debt that is at least 180 days past due. 
#5 The rate of homeownership has fallen for eight years in a row and is now hovering near a 50 year low . 
#6 The total number of government employees now outnumbers the total number of manufacturing employees in this country by almost 10 million . 
#7 The number of homeless people in New York City (where Donald Trump is from) has hit a brand new record high . 
#8 About 20 percent of all young adults are currently living with their parents . 
#9 Total household debt in the United States has now reached a grand total of 12.3 trillion dollars . 
#10 The total amount of corporate debt in the U.S. has nearly doubled since the end of 2007. 
#11 When Barack Obama entered the White House, the U.S. government was 10.6 trillion dollars in debt. Today, the U.S. national debt is currently sitting at a staggering total of $19,842,173,949,869.58 . 
Despite nearly doubling the national debt during his eight years in the White House, Barack Obama is going to be the only president in United States history to never have a single year when U.S. GDP grew by at least three percent. 
So will Donald Trump waltz in and suddenly turn everything around? 
Just like when George W. Bush was elected, there is a lot of optimism about the future right now among Republicans. 
And in 2017, Republicans are going to have control of the Senate and the House in addition to being in control of the White House. 
But does that mean that they will actually get anything done? 
For a moment, let's review what didn't happen the last time the Republicans were in this position. The following is an extended excerpt from an article by author Devvy Kidd … —– The Republicans had control of both houses of Congress part of the time during Bush, Jr.'s two terms. Did they lock down our borders? NO. Did they pass legislation to stop ALL funding for illegals which would self-deport millions of liars, cheats and thieves? NO. (READ, please: How to Self-Deport Millions of Illegals ) Did they stop trillions in unconstitutional spending? NO. Did they get rid of any of Clinton's unconstitutional Executive Orders? One or two but otherwise let Comrade Bill Clinton crap in our faces. Did they get rid of one unconstitutional cabinet like HHS, Department of Education and EPA? NO. Did they stop the unconstitutional foreign aid? NO. Did they stop unconstitutional spending for Planned Parenthood? NO. Congress just continues to use borrowed money to spend more debt. Did they stop unconstitutional spending for the gigantic hoax called global warming or climate change? NO. Trump: The Left Just Lost The War On Climate Change Did Bush, Jr., get us out of all the destructive trade treaties killing American jobs? NO. Did they crack down on visas bringing in tens of thousands of foreign workers when American workers who want to work are left in the unemployment line? NO. Did they stop more and more federal regulations strangling America's businesses? NO. Did they impeach one single activist judge destroying our freedom and liberty? NO. A Republican controlled Congress with a Republican in the White House and they did virtually NOTHING to restore America to a constitutional republic and constitutional spending. —– 
So will things be any different under a Trump administration? 
We shall see. 
There will be tremendous pressure to maintain the status quo in many instances, because the process of fixing things would undoubtedly make conditions worse in the short-term. 
A great example of this is the national debt. As I discussed yesterday , the only reason why we are able to enjoy such a massively inflated standard of living in this country is because we have been able to borrow trillions upon trillions of dollars from the rest of the world at ultra-low interest rates. 
If the federal government started spending only the money that it brought in through taxes, our ridiculous debt-fueled standard of living would begin collapsing immediately. 
We consume far more wealth than we produce, and the only way that we are able to do this is by borrowing insane amounts of money. 
Either Donald Trump will continue to borrow money recklessly, or we will go into a major league economic downturn. 
It really is that simple. 
But when our politicians borrow money, they are literally destroying the future of this country. So the choice is pain in the short-term or greater pain in the long-term. 
There is a way out, and that would involve shutting down the Federal Reserve and going to a completely debt-free form of money, but that is a topic for another article. 
And unfortunately that is not something that is even on Donald Trump's radar at this point. 
No matter who won the election, the next president was going to be faced with some very harsh economic realities. 
There are many out there that have faith that Donald Trump can pull off an unprecedented economic miracle, but there are others that are deeply skeptical. 
Let us hope for the best, but let us also keep preparing for the worst.

ARTICLE

VIDEOS Oil has been spilling into the Pacific Ocean since last month and its being totally ignored This is in the heart of the Great Bear Rainforest, which is seen as 'one of the most pristine wilderness environments on earth' By Chris "Kikila" Perrin - Friday, November 18, 2016 8:53 AM EST 
Bella Bella, British Columbia — When is environmental damage too much? When is it acceptable? In what is being called ' a relatively tiny ' marine oil spill, for the Heiltsuk First Nations of the Central Coast of BC, the question is being asked in quite real terms, forcing government to answer the questions that it might have preferred to have evaded. 
Since running aground in mid-October , a small boat has been leaking oil into the Pacific Ocean, and along BC's Central Coast. Despite the fact that this spill comes in the aftermath of the Royal Visit to the region — a visit that sought to place the health of the coastline and all the life that dwells there within the global lens — there appears to be very little international interest. Making matters worse, there appears to be little interest from Canadian lawmakers on how best to reduce the potential for disasters like this. 
Along the Central Coast of British Columbia, the Great Bear Rainforest is seen as 'one of the most pristine wilderness environments on earth.' Stretching approximately 400 kilometers along this sparsely populated area, the Great Bear Rainforest has long represented the very idea of conservation and intrinsic preservation to Canadians and environmentalists around the world. 
Along with the Kermode Bear , the area made National Geographic's ' Places of a Lifetime ' list and has been called the planet's last large expanse of coastal temperate rain forest by people like Robert F. Kennedy, Jr. Natural beauty, conservation projects , and provincial parks are not, however, all the region is known for. 
Of all things, the Central Coast offers access to the Pacific Ocean. It also provides a more-or-less direct line for fossil fuel exportation from various LNG (liquefied natural gas) sites around the province, as well as tar sands oil from the neighbouring province of Alberta. 
North of Bella Bella, the town of Kitimat serves as the proposed terminal destination of Enbridge's Northern Gateway Pipeline , a project that has seen a great deal of protest that, in many ways, echoes the issues coming to a head in Cannon Ball, North Dakota. One of the most attractive aspects of the region, insofar as fossil fuel extraction is concerned, is the access it offers to Asian markets , pitting the desires of big oil corporations against those of First Nations and environmentalists , alike. 
Even with the legislative death of Northern Gateway, the region continues to be the focal point for resource extraction. October's oil spill — which is ongoing — provides a visceral reminder of what is at stake in such discussions, pushing many local residents to demand a full tanker ban along the Central Coast . 
Yet, while the Coastal Rainforest is inundated with thousands of litres of oil, the federal government seems content to remain reactive . Rather than agreeing to the suggested ban, the Liberal government of Prime Minister Justin Trudeau instead proposed a $1.5 billion (CDN) fund to help deal with oil spills after they occur. 
Reactive policies like this leave the fragile ecosystems found in the Central Coast region to suffer contamination before they are dealt with, and offer no change for the way issues of sovereignty are evaluated between First Nations and the colonial Canadian government. 
Since his election in 2015, PM Trudeau has taken several quick steps back from his promises to respect First Nations' sovereignty and deal with environmental issues . Although this ' relatively tiny marine oil spill' can be seen as just that, a minor environmental issue that will be cleaned up with more federal money, there is a deeper implication that can be seen — one that pits ongoing environmental degradation and cultural assimilation and genocide against neoliberal economic policy .

ARTICLE

War on cash goes into full effect – Citibank stops accepting cash at multiple branches Governments loathe cash transactions because they're private and hard to tax By Jack Burns - Thursday, November 17, 2016 1:36 PM EST 
In 2015, as a guest on Ron Paul's Liberty Report, Economics Professor Joseph Salerno warned of a coming war on cash. Apparently, now, that time has come. Governments loathe cash transactions because they're private and hard to tax. As a result, some countries are taking drastic measures to reclaim their bank notes. Salerno said, 'The French premier last year (2014) drew a parallel between the war on terror and the war on cash,' and warned the world's economic elite are now 'using the war on terror as a cover to get at cash.' The Mises Institute professor and VP predicted to Paul, 'I think this could come in the next couple of years. If they have to bail out the financial system again…they'll block the cash in the banks to prevent it from escaping and destabilizing these fractional reserve banks,' Salerno said. 
At the time of the interview, 2015, Salerno said the war on cash has already begun in the U.S. and pointed to Citibank's new policy which disallows patrons to use cash to pay their mortgages and credit cards with cash. He also pointed to Louisiana's new law forcing 'second hand dealers defined as Goodwill Stores, Flea Markets, Garage Sales, to report any cash transactions in which they were receiving or paying cash, and they had to report them on a daily basis to the local police authorities.' He said, 'they (secondhand stores) had to get the sellers' names and license plate number and a number of other of private details.' 
'This is only a first step,' even though it was only on a state level. 'It would be awful if it was on a federal level,' Salerno declared. 
While it hasn't happened yet on a federal level in the United States, cash reclamation is occurring today in India. But before we get to what's taking place in India, we must first examine the reasons frequently given by government to resort to controlling the public's access to cash. Salerno stated the government offers phony reasons why it must control cash. It's to prohibit terrorists, tax evaders, money launderers, and profiteering by drug cartels. If one hears the government making such claims, get ready, a cash grab is about to happen. 
Salerno pointed to Greece's implementing a 'cash point charge' for withdrawing Euros from their bank accounts, allowing government to charge citizens for withdrawing their own funds. He says mainstream economists have been promoting the war on cash for some time in order to prop up fledgling banks. 
'I assure you other governments are watching this experiment (in Greece),' he said. Salerno also stated the real war on cash seeks to 'force the public to make payments to the financial system' in order to 'enable governments to expand their ability to spy on and keep track of their citizens' most private financial dealings in order to milk their citizens out of every last dollar of tax payments that they claim are due.' He stated another reason to destabilize cash is to 'prop up the unstable fractional reserve banking system which is in a state of collapse all over the world.' 
Keep in mind, Salerno made his comments a year ago. 
Fast forward to 2016, and the world is now witnessing the first major bank to announce it will no longer accept cash deposits or deal in cash. Citibank Australia's head of retail bank Janine Copelin offered an explanation saying, 'We have seen a steady decline in the demand for cash services in our branches — in fact, less than 4% of Citi customers have used this service in the last 12 months.' The company stated it will no longer handle currency as a result. 
'This move to cashless branches reflects Citi's commitment to digital banking and we are investing in the channels our customers prefer to use…While the number of customers visiting our branches to access cash handling services has fallen, the branch network remains an important component of how we serve our high-net-worth customers,' said Copelin. 
Maybe no one's eyebrows are raising after Citibank made its declaration because some advanced societies have quite naturally moved away from hard cash transactions, preferring the ease of pay by phone, debit cards, or credit card purchases. After all, someone in the United States could very easily live without cash. Many do already. 
According to the Guardian , Sweden leads the world when it comes to not using cash. 'Cards are now the main form of payment: according to Visa, Swedes use them more than three times as often as the average European, making an average of 207 payments per card in 2015.' But in some parts of the world, cash is still king. 
Just this week, India made a major move to control its citizens' access to their cash by banning the 500 and 1000 rupee notes. According to the LA Times , 'An exasperating cash crunch has gripped India in the week since Prime Minister Narendra Modi took the unprecedented step of withdrawing the country's large currency notes from circulation. Modi surprised the nation by announcing an instant ban on the 500-rupee and 1,000-rupee notes, worth about $7.50 and $15, respectively, and which account for 86% of the cash in the market.' 
And just as Salerno predicted governments would do, the Indian government claimed the move was meant to serve as a 'sweeping move against corruption that would force Indians who hold large amounts of undeclared wealth to deposit the money at banks and make their assets official.' In other words, just as Salerno declared, rich Indians, whose private business dealings were done in cash, will now be forced to deposit their banned bank notes — or risk losing all of their wealth. 
The value of the currency, if deposited, will then be able to be tracked by the Indian government, a move Salerno stated would lead to higher taxes on its wealthy citizens, and greater returns for the banking system. And the Indian government has already admitted that's precisely what they're trying to do. 
Also, as Paul and Salerno predicted, the move has had devastating effects on the poor, many of whom have now reverted to bartering for their needs, according to the Times. The financial decision 'stunned hundreds of millions of poor and working-class Indians who live an almost entirely cash-based existence, paying in bills for everything from rent to groceries to cellphone credit.' And they never saw it coming. 
'The plan was shrouded in such secrecy that even India's financial institutions were ill prepared, creating long, sometimes unruly lines outside banks, ATMs and chronically understaffed post offices that are authorized to exchange the now-worthless notes and dispense new ones,' writes the Times. 
Exacerbating the financial crisis is the fact the government issued a smaller-sized currency which no longer works with current ATMs, forcing many customers not to be able to make any purchases at all, and thereby creating a loss of revenue for businesses hit hard by fewer customers, and chaos for everyone else. The best way to describe the upheaval in India is by imagining all Americans attempting to pay all of their purchases with one dollar bills. 
In India, according to the Times, two-thirds of all transactions are done in cash, an economy the government has labeled 'black money.' Modi's administration aims to tax that money. 'Much of the wealth that India has accumulated since economic reforms began in the 1990s has never been taxed or accounted for, parked instead in real estate, gold, foreign investments and, in some cases, bundles of cash sitting at home. It is those stacks of bills that Modi, who took office 2½ years ago on promises to curb corruption, aimed to bring into the open. Supporters of the prime minister's plan said those holding cash stockpiles would have to deposit them at banks, where huge amounts would draw the scrutiny of tax authorities, or allow their value to evaporate.' 
Sounding, as some would say, like Donald Trump, Modi said over the weekend, 'I promise you I will give you the India of your dreams.' But right now, India is living a nightmare. 
India's decision to reclaim its currency has some questioning whether the United States would attempt to follow suit and reclaim its own currency. 
For free thinkers everywhere, it may be time to take those 100 dollar bills and swap them out for one dollar denominations, or even begin to purchase gold and silver as many preppers have done already. If the proverbial shit hits the fan, taking notice of what's happening in the world may prove to be a wise decision. With Australia's Citibank declaration it will no longer deal in cash, with Sweden's cashless society as a model of the future, and with India's reclamation of bank notes, it's anyone's guess what the American economic crisis may look like. But it probably won't involve cash.

ARTICLE

VIDEOS Obama, Clinton, and Sanders could stop the riots but they just watch If Obama, Clinton, and Sanders really loved America, these three would use their influence to ease the transition By Daisy Luther - Friday, November 18, 2016 1:21 PM EST 
Is it just me or have you also noticed that Hillary Clinton, Bernie Sanders, and President Obama have been silent about the protests? 
The very people who have the power to stop these protests and riots with just a few well-spoken words have been completely silent on the issue. Hillary Clinton 
During her concession speech , Clinton said, 'We must accept this result, and then look to the future. … Donald Trump is going to be our president. We owe him an open mind and the chance to lead.' 
After that, she has been mum on the entire thing. 
Hillary Clinton could have asked her followers to stop this nonsense, and they probably would have listened out of respect for her. (Misplaced respect but that's a whole different article.) Instead, her silence makes me think that she is hidden away, relishing the chaos. That she has done nothing to attempt to calm the situation underlines the fact that she was not fit to govern. A leader would look out for the best interests of a country they love, rather than watching from afar to apply balm to her wounded ego. 
Instead, her Twitter is full of Bible quotes (huh?) and mentions nary a word about the protests. It has not been updated since the day after her failed bid. Bernie Sanders 
Bernie Sanders, the one from whom the Democratic primary was fraudulently stolen, the one who backed up Hillary Clinton anyway, has also been uncharacteristically silent, especially for an aging peace-and-love hippie kind of guy. 
He hasn't once asked the protesters to be peaceful or to give Trump a chance, but he has fueled the fire with his cries for them to remain vigilant. He's already opposing Trump before the guy even gets inaugurated. 
Even in his essay for the NY Times yesterday, entitled ' Where Do Democrats Go From Here? ' he did not gently suggest to his supporters that they turn toward peace. He had the opportunity, the platform, and the love from his followers, and his choice to remain silent tells me that he is just as self-serving as the other politicians, despite his humble, grandfatherly demeanor. President Obama 
Then there's the President, who met cordially with Trump . His Twitter account is likewise mute on the subject of vandalism, arson, and violence in reaction to the election. 
Note to President Obama: I didn't like it when you were elected either, but I burned neither flags nor effigies. I peacefully dissented throughout your administration but never damaged one single item of property. You screwed the middle class with your horrible health care catastrophe, and yet no one rioted in the streets when you were re-elected to screw us for another four years. 
Obama's only statement of semi-support was on Wednesday, when he said, ''The peaceful transfer of power is one of the hallmarks of our democracy. We're actually all on the same team.' 
His statement about the riots was via his press secretary . White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest, asked Thursday about the protests, said the president believes the right to free speech should be protected. He added, 'It is a right that should be exercised without violence. And there are people who are disappointed in the outcome. And the president's message in the Rose Garden was it's not surprising that people are disappointed in the outcome, but it's important for us to remember, a day or two after the election, that we're Democrats and Republicans, but we're Americans and patriots first.' This won't end well. 
Kellyanne Conway, Trump's campaign manager, sees it the same way. She has called on Obama and Clinton to address the violence, but thus far, her request seems to have fallen on willfully deaf ears. Not cool. @POTUS or Hillary should address. 'People Have to Die': Anti-Trump Protester Calls For Violence on CNN https://t.co/NfEqhkrTvu 
— Kellyanne Conway (@KellyannePolls) November 10, 2016 
Not accepting the result and keeping up the protests will lead to nowhere except more trouble as the contagion of anger spreads. It is only a matter of time before it really gets out of hand and people start dying. 
Since protesters are now actually calling for war and death, if Obama, Clinton, and Sanders really loved America, these three would use their influence to ease the transition and call for peace. Instead, one must wonder if the rumors about a Soros-funded, Clinton-approved Purple Revolution to destabilize America are about to become our new reality. 
Oh – and one quick note. It has to be said 
The people calling for war and death are overwhelmingly anti-gun. 
They just might want to rethink the wisdom of directing their death threats, physical attacks, and aggression toward Second Amendment proponents. Via Daisy Luther Featured Image: Brett Weinstein/Flickr Daisy Luther is a freelance writer and editor. Her website, The Organic Prepper , where this article first appeared , offers information on healthy prepping, including premium nutritional choices, general wellness and non-tech solutions. You can follow Daisy on Facebook and Twitter , and you can email her at

ARTICLE

Japanese troops deploy to South Sudan risking first overseas conflict since World War 2 The move risks pulling the troops into conflict for the first time in more than seven decades By Michael Krieger - 11.21.2016 @1:18 PM EST 
The re-miliarization of Japan has been on my radar and caused me much concern in recent years. I've covered the topic on several occasions, with the most recent example published over the summer in the post, Japanese Government Shifts Further Toward Authoritarianism and Militarism . Here are the first few paragraphs: One of the most discomforting aspects of Neil Howe and William Strauss' seminal work on generational cycles, The Fourth Turning (1997), is the fact that as far as American history is concerned, they all climax and end with massive wars. To be more specific, the first 'fourth turning' in American history culminated with the Revolutionary War (1775-1783), the second culminated with the Civil War (1861-1865), while the third ended with the bloodiest war in world history, World War II (1939-1945). The number of years between the end of the Revolutionary War and the start of the Civil War was 78 years, and the number of years between the end of the Civil War and the start of World War II was 74 years (76 years if you use America's entry into the war as your starting date). Therefore, if Howe & Strauss' theory holds any water, and I think it does, we're due for a major conflict somewhere around 75 years from the end of World War II. That brings us to 2020. The more I look around, the more signs appear everywhere that the world is headed into another major conflict. From an unnecessary resurgence of a Cold War with Russia, to increased tensions in the South China Sea and complete chaos and destruction in the Middle East, the world is a gigantic tinderbox. All it will take to transform these already existing conflict zones into a major conflagration is another severe global economic downturn, something I fully expect to happen within the next 1-2 years. Frighteningly, this puts on a perfect collision course with the 2020 area. 
Although I felt World War 3 was a virtual lock under Hillary Clinton, the election of Trump does not negate historical cycles or current geopolitical trends, and the world continues to move in a very dangerous direction. 
While the below snippet from a Reuters article published today may not seem like a big deal, it's just a small part of a much larger trend. 
Via Reuters : A contingent of Japanese troops landed in South Sudan on Monday, an official said – a mission that critics say could see them embroiled in their country's first overseas fighting since World War Two. The soldiers will join U.N. peacekeepers and help build infrastructure in the landlocked and impoverished country torn apart by years of civil war. But, under new powers granted by their government last year, they will be allowed to respond to urgent calls for help from U.N. staff and aid workers. There are also plans to let them guard U.N. bases, which have been attacked during the fighting. The deployment of 350 soldiers is in line with Japanese security legislation to expand the military's role overseas. Critics in Japan have said the move risks pulling the troops into conflict for the first time in more than seven decades. 
All it would take is a sharp global economic downturn to push world 'leaders' towards overseas conflict in order to distract from problems at home. The risk is very real.

ARTICLE

VIDEOS 'Emotionally f**king pissed' media blows embargo and lashes out at Trump –'f*ck him' 'The meeting was a total disaster. The TV execs and anchors went in there thinking they would be discussing the access they would get to the Trump administration By Tyler Durden - 11.22.2016 @1:27 PM EST 
Just yesterday Trump called a summit of all the major mainstream media executives and anchors at Trump Tower. While many expected the meeting to be an oppotunity to ask questions of the president-elect, the media elites apparently got the surprise of their lives when Trump spent the majority of the meeting attacking they're blatant biased coverage the 2016 presidential elections referring to the room as a bunch of 'dishonest, deceitful liars.' One participant in the meeting described it as a ' f—ing firing squad ' after ' Trump started with Jeff Zucker and said 'I hate your network, everyone at CNN is a liar and you should be ashamed ….' We suspect that was rather less cordial than they expected. 
Despite the conversation being completely off the record, many of the 'emotionally fucking pissed' media anchors have decided to blow their embargoes and lash out at Trump. According to one source interviewed by the New Yorker , the meeting at Trump Tower was 'fucking outrageous.' The same source also questioned how he could remain impartial after the meeting saying ' How can this not influence coverage?' …yes, because coverage was so impartial up until yesterday. Another participant at the meeting said that Trump's behavior was 'totally inappropriate' and 'fucking outrageous.' The television people thought that they were being summoned to ask questions; Trump has not held a press conference since late July. Instead, they were subjected to a stream of insults and complaints—and not everyone absorbed it with pleasure. 'I have to tell you, I am emotionally fucking pissed,' another participant said. 'How can this not influence coverage? I am being totally honest with you. Toward the end of the campaign, it got to a point where I thought that the coverage was all about [Trump's] flaws and problems. And that's legit. But, I thought, O.K., let's give them the benefit of the doubt. After the meeting today, though—and I am being human with you here—I think, Fuck him! I know I am being emotional about it. And I know I will get over it in a couple of days after Thanksgiving. But I really am offended. This was unprecedented. Outrageous!' Participants said that Trump did not raise his voice, but that he went on steadily at the start of the meeting about how he had been treated poorly. 'It was all so Trump,' one said. 'He is like this all the time. He'll freeze you out and then be nice and humble and sort of want you to like him.' 'But he truly doesn't seem to understand the First Amendment,' the source continued. 'He doesn't. He thinks we are supposed to say what he says and that's it.' 
And, as the eloquent Kellyanne Conway pointed out in her opening response last night on the Megyn Kelly show, negative reactions, like the one above, went a long way toward helping Trump win the presidency. 
What are the chances that the mainstream media figures out before 2020 that by relentlessly attacking Trump they're actually helping him? 
* * * 
Here is our full coverage of the Trump 'media summit' that was described by some as a ' f—ing firing squad': 
Earlier today we reported that in a 'summit' organized by Trump's campaign manager Kellyanne Conway, executives and anchors from the major US media outlets, including CNN president Jeff Zucker, ABC News president James Goldston, Fox News co-presidents Bill Shine and Jack Abernethy, and NBC News president Deborah Turness, visited Donald Trump at his Trump Tower penthouse for an off the record meeting. 
Courtesy of the Post, we have a complete list of the participants at the Trump media meeting: the hour-long powwow included top execs from network and cable news channels. Among the attendees were NBC's Deborah Turness, Lester Holt and Chuck Todd, ABC's James Goldston, George Stephanopoulos, David Muir and Martha Raddatz, CBS' Norah O'Donnell John Dickerson, Charlie Rose, Christopher Isham and Gayle King, Fox News' Bill Shine, Jack Abernethy, Jay Wallace, Suzanne Scott, MSNBC's Phil Griffin and CNN's Jeff Zucker and Erin Burnett. 
The contents of what was discussed were initially unclear. 
Now, according to the Post and Politico , we learn that the President-elect ' exploded at media bigs in an off-the-record Trump Tower powow on Monday .' 
' It was like a f—ing firing squad ,' one source told the Post. 
According to the Post's recount of the conversation, ' Trump started with Jeff Zucker and said I hate your network, everyone at CNN is a liar and you should be ashamed ….' 
'The meeting was a total disaster . The TV execs and anchors went in there thinking they would be discussing the access they would get to the Trump administration, but instead they got a Trump-style dressing down,' the source added. A second source confirmed the encounter. 
The Post adds that 'the meeting took place in a big board room and there were about 30 or 40 people, including the big news anchors from all the networks…' 
'Trump kept saying, ' We're in a room of liars, the deceitful dishonest media who got it all wrong. He addressed everyone in the room calling the media dishonest, deceitful liars. He called out Jeff Zucker by name and said everyone at CNN was a liar, and CNN was network of liars . 
'Trump didn't say Katy Tur by name, but talked about an NBC female correspondent who got it wrong, then he referred to a horrible network correspondent who cried when Hillary lost who hosted a debate – which was Martha Raddatz who was also in the room. 
'Gayle did not stand up, but asked some question, 'How do you propose we the media work with you?' Chuck Todd asked some pretty pointed questions. David Muir asked how are you going to cope living in DC while your family is in NYC? It was a horrible meeting.' 
Politico adds further details, according to which 'Trump complained about photos of himself that NBC used that he found unflattering, the source said. Trump turned to NBC News President Deborah Turness at one point, the source said, and told her the network won't run a nice picture of him, instead choosing 'this picture of me,' as he made a face with a double chin. Turness replied that they had a 'very nice' picture of him on their website at the moment.' 
Amusingly, since the meeting was off the record, meaning the participants agreed not to talk about the substance of the conversations, it means they will most likely be unable to confirm or deny the Post's report. 
Politco's recollection of events was slightly less dramatic: The New York Post on Monday afternoon portrayed a much more heated meeting, including a quote from one source who said the encounter was 'like a f–ing firing squad.' The Post also said Trump called CNN journalists 'liars' and that they should be 'ashamed.' The source who spoke with POLITICO characterized the meeting as less intense, and said the discussion included Trump expressing the possibility of a 'reset' of the tumultuous relationship between the president-elect and the media and that all he wants is 'fairness.' Asked how he defines fairness by a network executive, Trump said simply, 'The truth.' But aside from the few moments of contention in the beginning, the source said the meeting was largely substantive. 
Politico also adds that Trump, flanked by chief of staff Reince Priebus and campaign manager Kellyanne Conway at the table, also expressed annoyance at the protective press pool and the complaints over him ditching the press when he went out to dinner last week with his family after reporters were advised he was in for the night. But Priebus assured the attendees that the protective press pool will be taken care of and it would all work out. 
Other attendees at the meeting from Trump's team included chief strategist Stephen Bannon, Trump's son-in-law Jared Kushner, spokesman Jason Miller, and Republican National Committee chief strategist and communications director Sean Spicer. Asked for comment, Miller referred POLITICO to Conway's comments to reporters after the meeting, in which she echoed the sentiments made in the meeting about turning over a new leaf with the media. 'There was no need to mend fences,' Conway said. 'It was very cordial, very genial. But it was very candid and very honest. From my own perspective, it's great to hit the reset button.' Conway later on Monday hit back at the New York Post report. 'He did not explode in anger,' she said. 
While one can have a subjective interpretation of the nuances at the meeting, one thing was clear: Trump's attempt at a 'reset' will be frowned at by the media which is not used to this kind of treatment, even if the 'kinder, gentler' version of events as reported by Politico is accurate. 
It also means that what has already been a conventional war between the various US media organizations and Trump, is likely about to go nuclear.

ARTICLE

VIDEOS Fake news site CNN completely misrepresents quote, rest of lying media runs with it The whole freak out over 'fake news' is nothing more than an excuse for these fake news propagandists to censor their competition 
From The Daily Caller : CNN made a false claim Monday afternoon and various journalists ran wild with it. It all started with a segment on CNN's The Lead which quoted prominent white nationalist figure Richard Spencer as wondering if Jews were actually people. CNN host Jim Sciutto said, 'of Jews Spencer said, 'one wonders if these people are people at all, or instead soulless golem.'' 'That is an alt right leader Richard Spencer talking about Jews,' Sciutto added. CNN then had a panel with RealClearPolitics' Rebecca Berg and The Boston Globe's Matt Viser with the chyron 'ALT-RIGHT FOUNDER QUESTIONS IF JEWS ARE PEOPLE.' Except, Spencer did not make those remarks about Jews and was instead talking about political consultants on television. 
Watch the clip for yourself, it's about 40 seconds in: 
Despite CNN's Brian Stelter whining about fake news all week, he himself retweeted this BS story. 
Alanna Vagianos of The Huffington Post: 
Rosie Gray of Buzzfeed: 
Adam Serwer of the Atlantic: 
Maggie Haberman of The New York Times: 
The whole freak out over 'fake news' is nothing more than an excuse for these fake news propagandists to censor their competition.

ARTICLE

11.23.2016 @8:08 PM EST Soros funds anti-Trump army of liberals to fight hate crime 
WASHINGTON D.C. ( INTELLIHUB ) — Billionaire George Soros just pledged $10 million in funding to liberal groups in opposition of what Soros says are 'deeply troubling hate crimes perpetuated by the President-elect Donald Trump.' 
Soros' Open Society Foundations plans to launch next week with half of the funding pledged for starters after the Southern Poverty Law Center was flooded with reports of hate and violence. 
In New York Gov, Andrew Cuomo said that the New York Police Department will be rolling out a new domestic police unit that will be responsible for enforcing hate crimes. 
#policestate   Norway UN/Flickr

ARTICLE

11.23.2016 @4:17 PM EST More Establishment ties? 
( INTELLIHUB ) — It looks as if Fox News anchor Megyn Kelly's new book publisher, Harper Collins, may have been concerned with a plethora of negative book reviews posted by 'Trump trolls' on Amazon, resulting in Amazon censoring free speech by removing a score of reviews from the website entirely, reports say. 
Apparently Kelly's new memoir titled Settle For More missed the mark so much that 'a whopping 76% of all reports were one-star' at one point, before Amazon made adjustments in an effort to aide Kelly, according to Slate.com. 
Although USA Today and others are touting negative reviews as 'attacks from pro-Trump trolls,' Kelly's negative reviews only stem from Kelly herself, who serves as a played out die-hard Establishment mouthpiece for the corporate elite. 
She's been 'trying to suck up to Rupert Murdoch for that twenty-million dollar contract,' one lady told Intellihub. 
'She's courting him [Murdoch],' the lady said. 
Currently Kelly's book has a 2.4 0ut of a 5 star rating on Amazon.com.   Gage Skidmore/Flickr

ARTICLE

Trump fires up YouTube channel to counter mainstream propaganda 
NEW YORK ( INTELLIHUB ) — President-elect Donald Trump's new transition team plans to 
take back America by putting America first with a robust plan to 'create jobs' in the 'homeland.' 
The Trump transition team has lined out some of its policy plans for the first one-hundred days and even plans to withdraw from the Trans Pacific Partnership, possibly by issuing executive orders. 
Reports indicate that the Transition 2017 YouTube channel was formed so the press could not misconstrue the Presidents-elect's comments and that his speeches would be heard in full. ©2016. INTELLIHUB.COM. All Right's Reserved.

