ARTICLE

Dan Savage On Trump's Misogyny: 'If Gay Was a Choice,' Trump Would Be (VIDEO) By Jordan Baranowski   
Sex advice columnist Dan Savage is often outspoken about his concerns with how politicians treat minorities, women, and the LGBT community. In a recent interview, Savage took a break from giving relationship advice and revealed a theory he has about Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump. 
Speaking with host Mike Pesca on Slate 's The Gist podcast, Savage tried his hand at figuring out the root of Trump's misogynistic comments and alleged sexual assault : 'I've never really said this out loud before, so forgive me if I say this in an inarticulate way, but I've encountered over my life straight guys who hated women so much that you could almost sense that if gay was a choice, they would make it.' 
Trump has an almost pathological need to be seen as powerful and in control, and Savage thinks that need, as well as fear of the power of female sexuality, is the root of his misogynistic behavior: 'They're condemned to sit with both their hatred and disgust with women and their fear of women's bodies and their insecurity and their need for them, their desire for them, because they are who they are sexually attracted to, and the cognitive dissonance that can produce — you see those guys who are much more comfortable in the company of men, but they need this thing… They need this woman, and they need her as an object. They can't see her as a human being, or see them as human beings.' 
Savage states that he does not think Trump is actually gay, but that he would probably be happier if he was, since he would never have to interact with women in that case. 
Savage's biggest concern with the Trump campaign is not the actual candidate, however. He is more concerned with the hatred and vitriol that the Republican party has adopted because of him: 'I'm more concerned that, like climate change, assault is now a partisan issue, and that's going to play out for 30 years… You've got the Giulianis and the Gingriches from their moral high grounds defending this. You've got rank-and-file Republican knuckle-draggers — including Republican women — defending this.' 
It should be noted that both former New York City mayor Rudy Guiliani and former Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich adamantly defend Trump in the face of sexual assault allegations. It should also be noted that both have been married multiple times and engaged in very public affairs. 
It will be up to those 'rank-and-file' Republicans to put the ugly, misogynist rhetoric of Donald Trump behind them after election day. Hopefully Savage is wrong when he says that he expects this to be a partisan issue for 30 years. 
Check out another interview from Savage here , where he refers to Trump as the 'enemy of the LGBT community.' 
Featured Image via YouTube Video About Jordan Baranowski 
Jordan is a writer and teacher based out of Kansas City. Connect
ARTICLE

Trump Wants To Nuke ISIS, But Says Hillary Would Start WWIII? WTF?? (VIDEO) By Grownmangrumbles   
It's been over 71 years since nuclear weapons were used in anger but Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump believes that the next atomic war is just around the corner. Speaking to Reuters yesterday he said : 'What we should do is focus on ISIS. We should not be focusing on Syria. You're going to end up in World War Three over Syria if we listen to Hillary Clinton.' Unclear Fusion Of Ideas 
You might have noticed that Trump is a little obsessed with the idea of nuclear war. He talks about it a lot . He seems to be attracted to the idea of simply smiting his enemies, in much the same way the God of the Old Testament used to deal with those who failed to show the proper respect. It's more than a little disturbing. 
Especially when you realize how little he understands geopolitical reality. His grasp of such things are so facile that they border on criminal levels of ignorance. If anyone is likely to fire off a couple of nukes, it's Trump. 
When told by CNN's Chris Matthews that world leaders didn't want to hear that a man running for president wanted to use nuclear weapons on his enemies, Trump asked simply : 'Then why are we making them?' 
The answer to that question dates back to 1957 when Horrace Gaither presented President Eisenhower with the controversial Deterrence & Survival in the Nuclear Age report. The report was commissioned in order to research how best the United States might provide fallout shelters for its citizens. It soon reached a chilling and unexpected conclusion. The best a fallout shelter could achieve was to allow Americans the agony of a slow painful death. 
Indeed, the only way to survive a nuclear war was to ensure that one never happened. Plans to build mass civilian shelters were sidelined in favor of a policy that was given the most aptly chosen acronym of all times: Mutually Assured Destruction. M.A.D. 
That Trump has failed to master even a high school level understanding of geopolitics is kind of a big deal. 
He seems to believe that foreign policy actions are something that can be intuited, rather than studied. The Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty , for example has been in force since 1970. The whole reason for its existence is to limit access to nuclear weapons. 
With a few notable exceptions, the treaty has been a success. 
Not so, says Trump. 
In March , he suggested that Japan, a country constitutionally forbidden from the threat or use of force as means of settling international disputes, should create its own nuclear weapons. Citing America's inability to pay for Japan's protection, he felt that they might benefit from their very own atomic security blanket. 
President Barack Obama was concise in his assessment of Trump's plan. Speaking at a press conference during the 2016 Nuclear Security Summit in Washington DC, he said : 'The person who made the statements doesn't know much about foreign policy or nuclear policy or the Korean peninsula or the world generally … We don't want somebody in the Oval Office who doesn't recognize how important that is.' Nuclear Bore 
The 71 years that have passed without any nation using devastating WMD on one another did not happen by accident. At the close of World War II, statesmen were forced to tackle the realities of modern warfare. World War I killed 5 million people and wounded 12 million more. WWII killed ten times that number. An atomic war might kill us all. 
In fact, it almost certainly would. 
Their plans, treaties, and compromises were far from perfect, but they worked, and they continue to work. We can be thankful for that. 
Because if there were to be such a war in 2017, it wouldn't be Clinton pressing the button. 
It would be the satsuma-like hand of a volatile, narcissistic amateur deciding to rage-quit a world that just doesn't seem to understand what a wonderful, tremendous guy he is. 
Watch Trump refuse to rule out the use of nuclear weapons: 
Featured image via MemeGenerator /Trump caricature by DonkeyHotey via Flickr under a CC BY-SA 2.0 license 
About Grownmangrumbles 
I'm a full- time, somewhat unwilling resident of the planet Earth. I studied journalism at Murdoch University in West Australia and moved back to the UK where I taught politics and studied for a PhD. I've written a number of books on political philosophy that are mostly of interest to scholars. I'm also a seasoned travel writer so I get to stay in fancy hotels for free. I have a pet Lizard called Rousseau. We have only the most cursory of respect for one another. Connect
ARTICLE

WATCH As Chris Cuomo Tells Rudy Giuliani: You Live In Fact-Free 'Trumpland' By Andrew Bradford   
There was a battle royale this morning on CNN, and when it was over with, host Chris Cuomo made sure Rudy Giuliani was reduced to rubble. 
The interview began with Cuomo telling the former New York City mayor that he didn't smile very much at last week's Al Smith charity dinner when Hillary Clinton took a few comedic jabs at him: 'You looked like Grumpy Cat.' 
Sullen and sour, Giuliani said Clinton should be in prison and wearing an orange jumpsuit. But when Rudy began trying to filibuster, Cuomo interrupted him and said he while he might not agree with the decision the FBI made to not charge Clinton with any wrongdoing when it came to her email server, Giuliani wasn't entitled to make things up: 
Next, Giuliani began ranting about some 'bribe' that predated the email controversy, and that was when Cuomo shut him down with one line : 'My entire life because you're so accurate and all of a sudden, you're in Trumpland and the facts are all over the place.' 
As if he hadn't been embarrassed enough, Giuliani then attempted to start talking about the recent announcement that Obamacare premiums will rise by as much as 25 percent in 2017: 'As a result, because the Democrats forced this down the Republicans' throat, the ACA, they decided to punish them. And they won't work with the Democrats to fix any of the problems that they could fix.' 
Cuomo was ready for that line, too, and again lit into his guest : 'Oh, that's a bunch of nonsense. They created it themselves. They cut out bipartisan support.' 
When it was over with, you could tell by the look on Rudy's face that he knew he had just been bested. Maybe Trump should rethink letting the unhinged Giuliani be one of his main surrogates. He really stinks at it. 
Here's both parts of the interview: 
Featured Image Via YouTube Screengrab About Andrew Bradford 
Andrew Bradford is a single father who lives in Atlanta. A member of the Christian Left, he has worked in the fields of academia, journalism, and political consulting. His passions are art, music, food, and literature. He believes in equal rights and justice for all. To see what else he likes to write about, check out his blog at Deepleftfield.info. Connect
ARTICLE

Bernie Promises To Keep Fighting, Hold Clinton Accountable After She's Elected (VIDEO) By Richard Marcil   
Bernie Sanders is lending his full support to Democratic presidential contender Hillary Clinton – for now. But how long will he and Clinton remain allies? 
In a new interview , Sanders said he plans on extending his political revolution. He also intends to hold Clinton – who is expected to win the presidential election next month – to her campaign promises. The Primary and the Platform 
The Vermont senator put up a long and contentious fight against Clinton during the primary season, capturing 22 states and over 13 million votes. His populist message and democratic socialist platform proved especially popular among Millennials. 
After the primary season ended, Sanders and his cohorts were able to channel his popularity into the most progressive Democratic Party platform in history. The new platform includes support for a $15 minimum wage, aggressive action on climate change, and the dissolution of banks deemed 'too big to fail' – all of which were cornerstone issues in Sanders' campaign. Still Fighting 
Now an independent, Sanders has pledged to continue working to ensure Clinton and Congress act on the new platform. 'I expect her to appoint people who will head agencies in a way that is consistent with the Democratic Party platform, and if not, I will do my best to oppose those nominees.' 
Clinton did not embrace many of the platform's elements in her primary campaign, but has since expressed her support for them. Now Sanders and other senators are brainstorming legislation to ensure progressive policies are enacted in Washington. Elizabeth Warren, another darling of the modern progressive movement, has been 'informally' working with Sanders on this legislation. Reining in Wall Street 
Specifically, he expects that Clinton will close the revolving door between Wall Street and Washington. 'I personally believe that a billionaire corporate executive is frankly not the kind of person that working families want to see as secretary of treasury. We need somebody who has a history of standing up to Wall Street and is prepared to take on the financial interests whose greed and illegal behavior has done so much harm.' No Compromise 
Sanders also expects that Clinton will not try to placate Republicans in an effort to bridge the political divide. Barack Obama made that mistake when he was inaugurated in 2008, and only ended up with even steeper opposition to his plans and policies. Sanders said: 'It's not good enough for me, or anybody, to say, 'Well, look, Republicans control the House: From Day One, we're going to have to compromise.' The Democratic Party, before they start compromising, has got to rally the American people around our ideas and make it clear that if Republicans do not go along with reasonable ideas to benefit the middle class and the working class, they are going to pay a very heavy political price.' 
And if Clinton doesn't follow through on Democratic platform policies and a progressive agenda? 'I will be vigorously in opposition, and I will make that very clear.' 
Featured image: Screengrab via New York Times video. About Richard Marcil 
Richard Marcil is a freelance writer. Connect
ARTICLE

Samantha Bee: Who Gives A F**K About Trump, The 'Dauphin Of Breitbartistan' (VIDEO) By Carrie MacDonald   
Warning: This article contains direct quotes from Samantha Bee that may be unsuitable for children. 
Comedian and host of Comedy Central's Full Frontal Samantha Bee never disappoints. Her most recent broadcast was one of her best. I mean, come on — how often do you get to hear the word 'dauphin' on late night television? Bee: Trump Is The 'Dauphin Of Breitbartistan' 
Samantha Bee, decked out in a 'Nasty Woman' shirt, wasted no time getting the jabs in at Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump on her Monday night show. In her opening segment, she likened Trump to the cartoon Wile E. Coyote, ever-thwarted by the Road Runner, saying : 'Oh, Donald. It's like you spotted Hillary painting a tunnel entrance onto a mountain, called her on it, and then ran at it anyway.' 
Bee pivoted to Trump's controversial statement from the last debate, in which he said he may not accept the election results. Bee's response to that? 'In case you haven't noticed, you're not the president. You're just the Dauphin of Breitbartistan. Concede, don't concede, we don't give a fuck. We'll be busy swearing in the 45th president.' 
Boom. 
Bee was, of course, referring to the Breitbart News website – an online haven for neo-Nazis run by Trump's campaign CEO, Stephen Bannon . She Didn't Stop With Trump 
Samantha Bee's comic hammer came down on all Republicans, as it so often does. She ripped into them having the nerve to call out Trump's statement as horrifying after eight years of unprecedented obstructionism. 
Honestly, I don't think my words can do Samantha Bee justice. Just watch her opening segment below and remember how lucky we are to have her voice. 
Warning: This video contains graphic language that may not be suitable for all audiences. 
Featured Image via screenshot from YouTube video 
Note: The character of Pepe the Frog was created in 2005 by Matt Furie and has been co-opted by the alt-right. Furie believes this is just a phase that will die out soon, returning Pepe to his 'sly, lovable, and charming status.' About Carrie MacDonald 
Carrie is a progressive mom and wife living in the upper Midwest. Connect
ARTICLE

Subscribe 
In politics, the Third Way is a position that tries to reconcile right-wing Republican Party and left-wing Democratic Party politics by advocating a synthesis of right-wing economic and left-wing social policies. It was created as a re-evaluation of center-left political ideals in response to international doubt regarding the viability of interventionist (Keynesian) economic policies versus the economic libertarianism of the New Right. The Third Way is promoted by some social democratic and liberal movements. 
One of the significant factors concerning the 2016 Democratic Party presidential race is that corporate Democrats are scared of Bernie Sanders' quick rise in popularity in the Democratic Party. This explains why corporate Democrats support Hillary Clinton. 
In political campaigns, you have to follow the money. Third Way has been very secretive about where its think tank funding comes from. However, several investigative journalists have uncovered some of the donors and they are not surprising: The Chamber of Commerce The Business Round Table AT&T 
These are just a few donors to the Third Way. There is also a laundry list of hedge funds that are donating money. The bottom line is that Third Way is backed by Wall Street titans, corporate money, congressional allies, and corporate Democrats like Hillary Clinton. It is important to note that these same corporate factions also donate to the Republican Party. The existence of Third Way should not come as a surprise. There are essentially no economic differences between a corporate Democrat and a Republican. 'Third Way' Members Are Backroom-Cigar-Smoking Wall Street Types. 
Third Way and its members would like to see politicians like Bernie Sanders (D-VT) and Elizabeth Warren (D-MA) disappear. Why do Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren and the progressive wing of the Democratic Party scare the hell out of corporate Democrats? 
There is the issue of labels in modern day politics. The Third Way Democrats, the Blue-Dog Democrats, the Wall Street Democrats are all centrist in their ideology. It begs the question: Who is in charge of the Democratic Party right now? 
Until something drastic happens like electing a Democratic Socialist non-establishment politician like Bernie Sanders, the truth is the Democratic Party is controlled by Wall Street just like the Republican Party. There is much talk how the Republican Party is falling apart. The Tea Party has taken over, and the fringe is now the GOP mainstream. 
There is a similar fight taking place in the Democratic party between people who care (like Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren), who are concerned about the middle class and working people of America, and corporate centrist Democrats like Hillary Clinton whose economic policies are not much different than the Republicans. 
Third Way President Jonathan Cowan , who claims he is a Democrat, is joined at the hip with Wall Street and is a poster boy for the right wing-oriented Chamber of Commerce. He and his Third Way organization have done nothing for labor unions. This guy is a Republican in a Democrat's clothing. 
The 2016 Democratic presidential race will go a long way in determining if the Democrats reject this corporate agenda. The corporate Democratic Party think tank has submitted over 70 policy proposals they want corporate Democrat Hillary Clinton to take up. The new populist movement by the progressive wing of the Democratic Party is not welcomed by corporate centrist Democrats. Third Way are trying as hard as they can to force Bernie Sanders out of the race. They have tried to put a muzzle on Elizabeth Warren. 
Third Way's position is that someone who is left of center (a Democratic Socialist, liberal, or progressive) will lose by a landslide in the general election. What is ironic is that every major poll right now shows that Bernie Sanders would beat Donald Trump, Ben Carson, Jeb Bush, and Ted Cruz. Moreover, these polls show Bernie Sanders beating these flavor-of-the-week Republicans by a larger margin than the centrist corporate choice Hillary Clinton in the swing states . 
Bernie Sanders' campaign has the potential to change the dynamics of the entire electorate. His campaign is getting young voters' attention and more importantly, getting them involved in the political process. Bernie has already gotten the endorsement from the American Postal Service Workers Union . Several African American politicians are backing Sanders. Independent voters are choosing Sanders over Hillary Clinton by a wide margin. The truth is Bernie Sanders' voting base is growing while the corporate centrist Democratic base is stagnant at best. 
These facts have caused the Democratic Party Wall Street types to panic and to start attacking Bernie Sanders on being too far left . Plus, who better to lead the charge than pre-ordained corporate Democrat Hillary Clinton? 
One of the major problems the Democratic Party has faced is that huge blocks of potential Democratic voters have become disenfranchised from the voting process because they feel there is no real difference between the two parties. They feel that elections are rigged, and their votes don't count . What Bernie Sanders' run for president has re-energized these voting blocks. 
Polls have shown 60 percent of Americans feel Hillary Clinton is untrustworthy and dishonest . Many liberal progressive Democrats don't trust Hillary Clinton at all. 
Granted, there are some major social issues where there is a stark contrast between the two parties. But with issues that deal with low- and middle-earning families being able to feed their children and everyday Americans having a better quality of life, it is fair to say there are no real differences between the Republican Party and the corporate Democrats. 
One of the main reasons for this paradox is organizations like Third Way. Corporate Democrats like Hillary Clinton want that Wall Street money. Their belief is you cannot win if you don't have Wall Street donors and Super Pacs. Bernie Sanders' campaign is proving that this assumption is not true. Barack Obama's campaign in 2008 showed this wasn't true. There is little doubt in this writer's mind that Hillary Clinton and her corporate Democrat buddies are feeling 2008 deja vu all over again. 
Featured Image By DonkeyHotey via Flickr available under a Creative Commons Attribution-Noncommercial license. About Johnny Hill 
Johnny Hill is a freelance writer who has extensive experience in writing for sales, marketing and advertising. He has a background in radio broadcasting which is showcased in the music mixes he creates for his Facebook page, "One Nation Under the Groove." Johnny has been an avid and life long student of politics . He is the founder of the House of Public Discourse Political Organization, which he created as a platform for his progressive liberal ideology. You can follow Johnny on Twitter, @hillj60. Connect
ARTICLE

Another Trump Surrogate Admits Trump Won't Build That Effing Wall (VIDEO) By Darrell Lucus on October 26, 2016 Subscribe Trump foreign policy surrogate and adviser Walid Phares with several Ethiophian-American Trump supporters ( image courtesy Phares' Facebook) 
Just after the Republican National Convention, I told you that a number of Donald Trump's top surrogates have known for some time that the Donald's signature policy proposal–a massive wall along the Mexican border– only exists in Trump's mind . They have all but admitted what we already know–a 2,000-mile physical wall is simply not feasible. 
Well, we got more confirmation earlier this week from another prominent Trump surrogate. Specifically, his chief foreign policy adviser admitted what we have long suspected–when Trump declares, 'I'm building a wall,' he's just engaging in campaign hype. 
People for the American Way's Right Wing Watch noticed that on Monday, veteran foreign policy and terrorism expert Walid Phares sat down with France 24's Surabhi Tandon to discuss Trump's approach to foreign policy. Phares served as a top foreign policy adviser to the Mitt Romney campaign, and took up the same role with Trump. He is best known as an ardent Islamophobe who had close ties to extremist militia groups during the civil war in his native Lebanon. 
The conversation soon turned to Trump's wall. Right Wing Watch got a clip. 
Tandon asked Phares how Trump's planned wall would affect the United States' relationship with Mexico; Trump has let it be known that one way or another, Mexico will foot the bill for the wall. Phares replied that Trump plans to build the wall along the American side of the border. However, as far as he knows, it won't be a brick-and-mortar wall. 'Now, will we see a physical wall on hundreds and hundreds of miles of border? I don't know, and I don't think so.' 
According to Phares, what Trump has in mind is something like what exists in Ceuta and Melilla, two Spanish enclaves in north Africa. He claimed that there was a simple concept in place in those cities for anyone who wanted to cross into Spain via Morocco–'you come, you knock on the door, you have your paper, and you come in.' 
Tandon pounced, reminding Phares that Trump has been clamoring for a physical wall for the entire campaign. But this major Trump surrogate apparently didn't get the memo. Phares claimed that Trump only talked about building a wall 'to raise the attention.' However, since then, Phares has said that Trump has 'evolved the concept' of a wall. How so? 'Meaning, 'If nothing is done, I'm going to go back to square one and build a wall. But if I can start talking with the Mexicans, I may not have to do all the wall everywhere because the Mexican government is going to finally send troops to stop these cartels.'' 
But wait a minute. Trump himself has declared the wall will stretch along the entire border. And he even managed to get the wall into the Republican platform. See for yourself , on page 26: '(W)e support building a wall along our southern border and protecting all ports of entry. The border wall must cover the entirety of the southern border and must be sufficient to stop both vehicular and pedestrian traffic.' 
And yet, a major Trump surrogate–indeed, his top surrogate on foreign policy–has effectively left his candidate on an island. 
Watch the whole thing here ; the exchange about the wall begins at the 6:30 mark. As I write this on Wednesday night, I can find no evidence that either Trump or the RNC has spoken up to correct the record. And I can find no evidence that Phares himself has tried to clarify his remarks. I can only conclude one thing–Trump himself knows he's not building a wall. About Darrell Lucus 
Darrell is a 30-something graduate of the University of North Carolina who considers himself a journalist of the old school. An attempt to turn him into a member of the religious right in college only succeeded in turning him into the religious right's worst nightmare--a charismatic Christian who is an unapologetic liberal. His desire to stand up for those who have been scared into silence only increased when he survived an abusive three-year marriage. You may know him on Daily Kos as Christian Dem in NC . Follow him on Twitter @DarrellLucus or connect with him on Facebook . Click here to buy Darrell a Mello Yello. Connect
ARTICLE

Republican operative Roger Stone has made an entire career out of deplorable actions. He is a close friend and confidant of the Republican presidential hopeful Donald Trump. 
In fact, Stone is working with the Trump campaign to organize volunteers. Isn't that special? 
Most campaigns, of course, organize the volunteer brigade to knock on doors and chat with people about the candidate. Some gather willing folks to make calls, reminding people about when and where to vote. 
The Trump campaign, as the world knows, is definitely not your average campaign. Definitely. Roger Stone is not the typical campaign advisor either. 
Stone is reaching deep into the basket of deplorables to find each volunteer. His plan is not to have them get out the vote. In fact just the opposite is true. 
Apparently the Republican nasty man is running an anti-voter fraud group which ironically calls itself ' Vote Protectors .' In spite of the fact that there is absolutely no evidence of widespread or significant voter fraud, Donald Trump continues to insist that the whole election is 'rigged.' 
In his effort to stop the 'rigging' of the polls, Stone has asked every Vote Protectors volunteer to wear a specially designed identification badge. Each one is supposed to engage in a fake 'exit poll,' asking people who they chose. Election officials believe that these actions would confuse and intimidate voters. 
Of course they would confuse and intimidate voters. That's why Roger Stone wanted those things done. 
Unfortunately for Stone, however, the Huffington Post got wind of his plan and asked him about it. At first the head of the deplorables refused to explain how he intended to have the group reach its goals. 
So the Huffington Post went online to the site to volunteer. What it found was eye opening, to say the least. The 'volunteer' who signed up on the site followed the instructions for generating a very official looking ID badge. It would surely fool many voters if worn by someone taking an 'exit poll.' Trump Loyalists Planned Voter Intimidation Using Fake ID Badges, Fake Exit Polling https://t.co/8ojaEGZiD6 
— Cheri DelBrocco (@cdelbrocco) October 26, 2016 
The Huffington Post reports that there was no limit to the number of badges they produced, as you can see above. 
The instructions on the site also told each volunteer that he or she must: '…commit to go out in November and post their YouTube and Periscope streams to the [Vote Protectors] website, organized by state and district, as well as enter actual exit poll survey response.' 
That's right. Volunteers for Roger Stone's 'Vote Protectors' were supposed to videotape people at the polls and upload them. You can just imagine how this would impact Black or Latino voters. Or, Heaven forbid, voters from Arabic backgrounds. 
When asked specifically about the ID badges, Stone emailed this to the Huffington Post: 'I have ordered them taken down. Bad idea, as is video taping. First I have heard of it. I am only interested in a valid, scientifically conducted exit poll.' 
Of course he is. On a 'scientifically conducted' exit poll, done by a bunch of volunteer Trumpsters with no training and a profound bias. 
Fabulous. 
That basket of deplorables just keeps getting bigger by the day. 
Watch this incredibly outrageous video of Roger Stone and the crazy pants Alex Jones talking about how Hillary is planning to steal the election. 
Featured image via YouTube screegrab . About Karen Shiebler 
Karen is a retired elementary school teacher with many years of progressive activism behind her. She is the proud mother of three young adults who were all arrested with Occupy Wall Street. To see what she writes about in her spare time, check out her blog at "Empty Nest, Full Life" Connect
ARTICLE

Trump Suffers Bizarre Memory Disorder: Says He Always Opposed Obamacare (VIDEO) By Karen Shiebler on October 26, 2016 
Oh, ha,ha,ha! 
That silly old Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump is so, so funny! 
He doesn't seem to remember anything. He doesn't remember what he has done , or what he has said , or what he believed or didn't believe in the recent past. 
Now we have another example of Trump insisting that he said what he didn't say, that he didn't say what he said, and that he never believed what he said he believed. 
Confused? 
Yup. We are, too. 
Mediate reports that Trump's memory about Obamacare is very murky, too. The candidate has been hitting the stump hard claiming that he will overturn the 'disaster' of Obamacare. 
In fact, Trump has been claiming to anyone who will listen that he has always been against Obama's health care plan. To listen to him, you would think that the man had taken to the airwaves as soon as the Affordable Care Act was passed, proclaiming that it would be the end of civilization as we know it. 
Except that he didn't. 
After it was announced the other day that insurance premiums are going to be increasing this year, Trump pumped his fists and congratulated himself with his usual fervor. He crowed to Fox News: 'I think it's a disaster, and I've been saying it from the time before they even voted for it. I said this is a plan can't work, it's going to be a disaster.' He told Rush Limbaugh that : 'Obamacare is a disaster. And you remember, I called that from before it was approved. I said, 'This can't work, because it's just … the plan is no good. The concept is no good.'' 
Once again, though, the truth seems to have nothing in common with Trump's faulty memory. In reality, back when the law was passed, Trump had not yet declared for the Presidency. He went on the air with Joy Behar on the day in 2010 when the law was passed. She asked him what he thought about the Act, and he replied that he had mixed feelings. 
Trump said that he hated to think about people being unable to get health care, but he worried about the cost to businesses. Then he commented on the President, saying: 'It's a pretty tough thing, but yeah, right now, he's certainly looking like a hero.' So. Um. Mr. Trump's memory is pretty damn shaky if you ask me. It seems that he is either trying to desperately to revise reality in order to put himself in a better light, or he is suffering from a very serious memory disorder. See if you can make any sense at all out of this mess . Featured image via YouTube Screengrab . About Karen Shiebler 
Karen is a retired elementary school teacher with many years of progressive activism behind her. She is the proud mother of three young adults who were all arrested with Occupy Wall Street. To see what she writes about in her spare time, check out her blog at "Empty Nest, Full Life" Connect
ARTICLE

Pussy Riot Released The Perfect Nasty Woman's Answer To Trump (VIDEO) By Natalie Dailey on October 26, 2016 Subscribe 
At the third presidential debate last week, Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump made the mistake of calling Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton a 'nasty woman.' 
Just a couple of weeks ago, Trump was caught in some hot audio from an Access Hollywood bus in 2005. He famously said that he can 'grab them by the p***y' because he is a star. 
The Russian band, Pussy Riot, has released a new song in response to Trump's comment. It is called 'Straight Outta Vagina.' It is a very feminist and body-positive song. As women, we should all be proud of our bodies. Perverts like Donald Trump love to abuse us, but we can be stronger. 
Pussy Riot's Nadya Tolokonnikova told The Guardian : 'This song could be considered an answer to Trump. But I believe the idea of powerful female sexuality is much bigger than any populist megalomaniac man … Vagina is bigger than Trump.' 
NSFW: Graphic content. 
Here are some of the lyrics: 'Does your vagina have a brand? / Let your vagina start a band / If your vagina lands in prison / Then the world is gonna listen 'My vagina is tough and dangerous / Shaking up the major labels / Vagina gonna take the stage / Cuz vagina's got a lot to say 'My pussy my pussy / Is sweet just like a cookie / It goes to work / It makes the beats / It's CEO, no rookie / From senator to bookie / We run this shit, go lookie / 'Y ou can turn any page, any race, any age / From Russia to the states / We tearing up the place.' 
I'll warn you, the song is very catchy. Just watch who you sing it around. Rapists and abusers like Trump don't realize just how strong we women are. This song is a great way to celebrate our bodies. 
Here is the video : 
Featured image via YouTube screenshot . About Natalie Dailey 
Hi, I'm from Huntsville, AL. I'm a Liberal living in the Bible Belt, which can be quite challenging at times. I'm passionate about many issues including mental health, women's rights, gay rights, and many others. Check out my blog abravealabamaatheist.com. Check out my other blog weneedtotalkaboutmentalhealth.com Connect
ARTICLE

It's our go to response. When the lights are out and the floorboard creaks. When a branch taps a slow waltz against the window pane and our hackles dance a primordial shimmy, we ask the question. The oldest question. 'Is there anyone there?' 
Turns out, the answer is yes. Not The Alien Contact We Expected 
It was a little thing really. Giant leap for mankind moments often are. There were no ships hovering over national landmarks, no grainy footage of aliens being dissected on steel-gray slabs. No 'take me to your leader moments' at all. 
No, our first potentially legitimate brush with alien intelligence came as one might expect; from the nocturnal laboring of two dedicated scientists. 
It was the kind of science you don't get to see. The methodical pace, the slow transition from hypothesis to data that is the hallmark of good research. The pair painstakingly surveyed a patch of sky simply because it was in need of surveying. They examined some 2.5 million stars, and in doing so, E.F. Borra and E. Trottie of Quebec's Laval University might have made the single most important discovery in human history. 
You see, while the vast majority of the stars they examined were acting in exactly the way they had expected, a tiny fraction of them – 234 in total – were not. 
They were exhibiting bizarre modulations that defied easy explanation; they could not be attributed to any known natural phenomena. Indeed, they didn't look natural at all. 
They looked like someone, or rather something, was attempting to communicate with us. 
Like, for real. 
Because these were the kind of signals that one might expect an extraterrestrial intelligence (ETI) to use if they were attempting to communicate with us. they were using the oldest known method of attracting attention in the dark 
They were shining a light at us. Great Expectations 
In a study published in 2012, Borra had proposed this very approach. He wrote : 'Consider an extraterrestrial civilization that is more advanced than ours. Let us assume that they want to signal their existence to other civilizations. This is not an easy task considering how vast the universe is. The best chance of being seen is by being accidentally detected during astronomical observations. They know, on the basis of their own experience, that a scientifically advanced civilization observes the sky and takes spectra of astronomical objects. In particular, spectroscopic surveys are carried out.' 
These surveys would inevitably reveal the very same modulations that the two Canadian scientists just discovered. Utterly dissimilar to the usual background 'noise' of the universe, once detected, they would warrant further investigation. Like ships sailing on a pitch black sea, an alert lookout could easily differentiate between the naturally occurring light flashes of reflected moonbeams or distant lightning, from the frantic signalling of a nearby vessel. 
At least, that's the theory. 
Still, there was yet more compelling evidence that this was indeed an attempt at communication. 
The 234 stars in Borra and Trottier's study all had one thing in common. The modulations all came from stars very much like our own Sun, the only star that we know for certain harbors intelligent life. Phone Home? 
The most obvious answer is that we need to dig deeper; as Borra acknowledged: ' Extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence .' 
The need for further research notwithstanding, a very real question needs to be explored. Could we, and indeed should we, attempt to communicate back? 
The practical considerations are not insignificant. The signal device, a powerful laser of some kind, could be based on Earth but would have to shine its beam to a space station that contained mirrors capable of redirecting the light to the targets. 
Such a station would have to be sent on a long lonely voyage of around 614 astronomical units or about 20 times further than Pluto, something Barros described as being : 'Not an overwhelmingly large distance.' 
Indeed the distance the mirror would have to be placed would scale with he distance of the civilization we were trying to contact. Using an existing technology known as a solar sail we could : 'Reach Pluto in 5 years. For an ETI at a 100 lt-yr distance from Earth, the (mirror's) location would thus be reached within 10 years. 
An attempt to reach a civilization even further away would of course take longer, perhaps a century or more and whilst Barro admitted that: 'This is a long time.' 
He remained adamant that it was not : '…Overwhelmingly so, considering that the ETI civilization may be thousands of years older than ours.' 
Humanity then, is on the cusp of being able to send similar signals ourselves. But should we? This Island Earth 
According the Professor Stephen Hawking, it might not be such a good idea. While he is convinced that we are not alone in the universe he cautioned that : 'We should be wary of answering back.' 
In Hawking's view, a meeting between two civilizations would resemble Christopher Columbus' historic meeting of Native Americans. 
Something that he noted : 'Didn't turn out so well.' 
Still, whether we chose to respond or not remains peripheral to the sheer magnitude of the discovery. That intelligent alien life is not only out there but that they are trying to say hello. If true, it points to a universality of at least one pervasive human emotion. 
Curiosity. 
It's still not definite; it's still only a 'probably,' but we've never been closer to a possible answer. It would be nice to finally know for sure. After all, we've been wondering for so long. 
As the Epicurean philosopher and poet Lucretius once said : 'Nothing in the universe is unique and alone and therefore in other regions there must be other earths inhabited by different tribes of men and breeds of beasts.' 
Yeah, there must be. 
Watch the teams proposal as to where the light pulses are coming from here: 
Featured Image By Beckie Via Flickr/ CC-2.0 About Grownmangrumbles 
I'm a full- time, somewhat unwilling resident of the planet Earth. I studied journalism at Murdoch University in West Australia and moved back to the UK where I taught politics and studied for a PhD. I've written a number of books on political philosophy that are mostly of interest to scholars. I'm also a seasoned travel writer so I get to stay in fancy hotels for free. I have a pet Lizard called Rousseau. We have only the most cursory of respect for one another. Connect
ARTICLE

Bill Clinton Gives The Rundown on Obamacare We Have Been Looking For (VIDEO) By Natalie Dailey on October 27, 2016 Subscribe 
Ever since President Barack Obama passed the Affordable Care Act (ACA) aka Obamacare, Republicans have been fighting against it. 
The insurance companies are no longer allowed to discriminate against people with pre-existing conditions. It also set up a system of federal insurance marketplaces. The local media can sometimes make it sound more confusing without meaning to. 
President Bill Clinton helped explain it during a recent speech. He said : 'All the headlines are full of the stories that average premiums are going up 22 percent. But the subheadline is, if you're in the healthcare program, your subsidies are going up too so the increase won't be as much.' 
Also, 70 percent of people buying insurance on the Marketplace will be able to get a plan for under $75 per month. 
He further said : 'So you've got one proposal, her opponent, just repeal it and go back to the way it used to be.' 'That's a terrible idea. More than 20 million people would lose their health insurance. Families that can now insure their kids up to age 26 wouldn't be able to do it anymore and 100 percent of Americans would be worse off because you today cannot deny someone coverage based on a preexisting condition. We do not want to get rid of that.' 
He did talk about some of the disadvantages of the law, but it is still better than Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump's non-plan . 
Clinton said : 'The people who are getting killed in this deal are the small business people and individuals who make just a little too much to get in on these subsidies.' 
Yes, the co-pays and drug prices are high. However, the Marketplace is the only way some people can get insurance. If your employer doesn't offer healthcare or if you are self-employed, you would be screwed under the old rules. We need to fix this system, not throw it away. 
Here is a video of the Young Turks talking about Bill Clinton's Obamacare speech: 
Featured image is a YouTube screengrab. About Natalie Dailey 
Hi, I'm from Huntsville, AL. I'm a Liberal living in the Bible Belt, which can be quite challenging at times. I'm passionate about many issues including mental health, women's rights, gay rights, and many others. Check out my blog abravealabamaatheist.com. Check out my other blog weneedtotalkaboutmentalhealth.com Connect
ARTICLE

NC Trump Supporter Hangs Clinton In Effigy At Rally, Says She Deserves Prison (VIDEO) By Andrew Bradford on October 27, 2016 Subscribe 
Donald Trump held a rally Wednesday night in the crucial battleground state of North Carolina, and as he spoke, one of his supporters held up a Hillary Clinton doll with a noose around its neck. 
The woman who hung the Democratic nominee in effigy said her name was Ginger Glover. Glover said she decided to hang the 'Lyin' Hillary' doll to show that Clinton should be 'incarcerated, at the very least.' 
So does Glover wish harm on the former Secretary of State? She insisted she didn't: 'It's just for effect.' 
One is left wondering why, if Glover thinks Clinton should be imprisoned, she didn't dress the doll in an orange jumpsuit or prison stripes. Perhaps she's simply not bright enough to have thought of doing so. 
In recent weeks, various disturbing and violent displays have shown up at Trump rallies: Earlier this week at a rally in Virginia Beach, Trump supporters took a model of Clinton's head and mounted it on a stake. 
Also, at that same rally, reporters saw a poster which depicted a bull's-eye superimposed over Clinton's face. 
It should also be noted that a frequent chant heard at Trump rallies is the oft-repeated 'Lock her up' refrain which was a feature of the GOP convention in Cleveland. Yet the Trump campaign always denies that their supporters are are the least bit violent or seeking confrontations with those who disagree with them. 
Actions speak louder than words, and clearly the Trumpkins are a hate-filled basket of deplorables. 
Featured Image Via NBC News Screengrab About Andrew Bradford 
Andrew Bradford is a single father who lives in Atlanta. A member of the Christian Left, he has worked in the fields of academia, journalism, and political consulting. His passions are art, music, food, and literature. He believes in equal rights and justice for all. To see what else he likes to write about, check out his blog at Deepleftfield.info. Connect
ARTICLE

The Yale Record Just Published The BEST Non-Endorsement Of A Candidate EVER! By Marty Townsend on October 27, 2016 Subscribe 
The Yale Record , America's Oldest College Humor Magazine, has NOT endorsed Hillary Clinton – in a most spectacular way. 
The Yale Record is based in the college town of New Haven, Connecticut and was founded by Edward Anthony Bradford , James Heartt VanBuren , Samuel J. Elder , E.H. Lemis , and Henry Ward Beecher Howard in 1872, publishing their first weekly issue on September 11, 1872. They gleefully point readers to their lengthy Wikipedia page to prove their validity, claim the invention of the word 'hot dog,' and ponder whether the face of the New Yorker would look different if they hadn't been doing what they're doing. 
The Record adopted 'Old Owl' as their mascot over a century ago, but the actual date of acquisition wasn't recorded anywhere. The mascot , described as a connoisseur of Cutty Sark , is: '… a congenial, largely nocturnal, 360-degree-head-turning, cigar-smoking bird who tries to steer the staff towards a light-hearted appreciation of life and the finer things in it.' 
From Wikimedia Commons available under a CC Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported license. 
With such an illustrious past, how could anything they produce not be spectacular? Let's see what Old Owl had to say. 
The non-endorsement begins with a simple explanation of why they aren't endorsing any candidate: 'In its 144-year history, The Yale Record has never endorsed a Democratic candidate for president. In fact, we have never endorsed any candidate for president. This is, in part, due to our strong commitment to being a tax-exempt 501(c)3 organization, which mandates that we are 'absolutely prohibited from directly or indirectly participating in, or intervening in, any political campaign on behalf of (or in opposition to) any candidate for elective public office.'' 
And: 'The Yale Record believes both candidates to be equally un-endorsable, due to our faithful compliance with the tax code.' 
With that explained, one would ordinarily assume they were done. But no, they had a bit more to say : 'In particular, we do not endorse Hillary Clinton's exemplary leadership during her 30 years in the public eye. We do not support her impressive commitment to serving and improving this country—a commitment to which she has dedicated her entire professional career. Because of unambiguous tax law, we do not encourage you to support the most qualified presidential candidate in modern American history, nor do we encourage all citizens to shatter the glass ceiling once and for all by electing Secretary Clinton on November 8. 'The Yale Record has no opinion whatsoever on Dr. Jill Stein.' 
So there it is… absolutely the best non-endorsement EVER. 

Featured image courtesy of Heat Street . About Marty Townsend 
Active in Michigan with several groups and organizations, including the National Action Network (NAN), Occupy Detroit, Save Michigan Public Schools, Dearborn PTA Council, Michigan Petitioners, and several other small groups working together to make Michigan a better place. Concentrates on educational issues, but also covers human interest, liberal politics, Michigan, environmental issues and Detroit, including the fight against Emergency Managers, the Education Achievement Authority, and fighting the corporate take-over of Michigan and the United States. Buy me a <a href=" cup of coffee Connect
ARTICLE

Pussy Riot Released The Perfect Nasty Woman's Answer To Trump (VIDEO) ‹ › RWNJ Says Trump Didn't Grope Women Because 'He's One Of The Handsomest Billionaires That's Ever Lived' By Andrew Bradford on October 27, 2016 Subscribe 
It's so much fun to watch as various right-wing morons and evangelical Christians attempt rationalize and even excuse the words and behavior of Donald Trump, who freely admitted that he enjoys sexually assaulting women by kissing them and grabbing their crotches against their will. Had a Democratic candidate done the same, they would be standing atop every high hill they could find and shouting that it was the end of the world and human morality. 
Now we have wackobird conspiracy theorist Wayne Allyn Root weighing in on the matter, and the reason he gives Trump a pass on the sexual assault is because he says there's just no way it could have happened because Trump is too handsome to have committed such an act. 
Appearing on the 'The Real Side' radio show, Root laid out this line of bullcrap : 'If you're a Christian, you just can't spend your life worrying about the words of Donald Trump from 11 years ago or what women he groped 30 years ago. I don't believe any of it anyway. I believe Donald Trump is one of the handsomest billionaires that's ever lived; I don't think he ever had to grope a single woman ever. I think they threw themselves at him, so it's all a lie.' 
Yeah, because a handsome man would never ever force himself on a woman. Are you kidding me?! Root then went on to add : 'The man isn't a perfect Christian, but he's the perfect guy sent from God and from central casting to be the vicious guy we needed to save America, save capitalism, fight the Clinton crime cartel and save Christianity from these vicious, vicious people. They're terrible, dirty people and a nice guy could have never won this war. Only a dirty player could win the war, so I think Donald's the perfect guy, sent by God to fill the perfect role and save us all.' 
There actually are no perfect Christians; that's kinda the point of that whole Jesus died for your sins thing, Wayne. And if you think a person as vile and perverted as Donald Trump was sent by God, then clearly you don't know this line from the Bible: 'And again I say unto you, It is easier for a camel to go through the eye of a needle, than for a rich man to enter into the kingdom of God.' ( Matthew 19:24 ) 
Here's Root proving his own ignorance: 
Featured Image Via OSGA About Andrew Bradford 
Andrew Bradford is a single father who lives in Atlanta. A member of the Christian Left, he has worked in the fields of academia, journalism, and political consulting. His passions are art, music, food, and literature. He believes in equal rights and justice for all. To see what else he likes to write about, check out his blog at Deepleftfield.info. Connect
ARTICLE

Former GOP Representative Calls For Armed Insurrection (VIDEO) By Carrie MacDonald on October 27, 2016 
Former Representative Joe Walsh (R-Ill.) has called for armed insurrection if Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton wins the election. Walsh: 'I'm Grabbing My Musket' 
Joe Walsh is a stain on the history of my little part of the country. He served for a blessedly short time before being demolished by Representative Tammy Duckworth (D-Ill.) in the 2012 election, but he still has ardent supporters around here. He's relatively well-known for his outrageous tweets, but this one, posted on October 26, made some real waves: On November 8th, I'm voting for Trump. 
On November 9th, if Trump loses, I'm grabbing my musket. 
You in? 
— Joe Walsh (@WalshFreedom) October 26, 2016 
Wow. 
I will grant that a musket is not going to do you much good these days. So perhaps, PERHAPS, it was a metaphor. 
But what does this say to the droves of Trump supporters, armed with much more than a musket, who believe the election will be stolen from their anointed one? 
Walsh, facing both harsh criticism and hilarious jabs on Twitter for his comment, did not back down: I'm serious. I don't think a musket would do much good these days, but it's time for civil disobedience on the right. https://t.co/ThJPEbALWZ 
— Joe Walsh (@WalshFreedom) October 26, 2016 
Yahoo! News interviewed Walsh about the comment, and he said : 'I'm not talking about inciting violence. I'm saying, 'If Trump loses, man, game on, grab your musket. We're going to protest. We're going to boycott. We're going to picket. We're going to march on Washington. We're going to stop paying taxes. We're going to practice civil disobedience.' Whatever it takes.' 
This has become the standard operating procedure of Republicans, particularly Trump-supporting Republicans. Make veiled threats and then walk them back ('Aww, c'mon, I was kidding! Can't you guys take a joke?'), but make sure the knuckle-draggers who support them get wind of it. It's disgusting. 
This morning, Walsh tweeted: I told Thomas Jefferson gov forced a baker out of biz for defending her religious beliefs. 
"Can't happen here" he said. "Grab your musket!" 
— Joe Walsh (@WalshFreedom) October 27, 2016 
While this tweet is asinine on so many levels, it also suggests that he wasn't speaking metaphorically in his initial tweet. After all, in Jefferson's time, muskets were one of the weapons of choice. Walsh Is A Disgrace 
Language like this has no place in political discourse. If Walsh were nothing more than the radio host he currently is, it would be disgusting. Given that he used to be a representative in the United States Congress, it is downright abhorrent. 
It's also not the first time Walsh has suggested violence. 
After the shooting of several police officers in Dallas this summer, Walsh tweeted — and later deleted — the following: Screenshot via Chicago Tribune 
So it's really not out of the question to think he's actually looking to incite violence with his 'grabbing my musket' comment. 
I'm just happy his Congressional office is no longer sullying the quaint town square. 
Watch Don Lemon take Walsh to task for his Dallas tweet here: 
Featured image via screenshot from YouTube video About Carrie MacDonald 
Carrie is a progressive mom and wife living in the upper Midwest. Connect
ARTICLE

Trump Proudly Declares: Most Of The People I've Insulted Deserved It By Andrew Bradford on October 27, 2016 Subscribe 
Arrogance is defined as 'an insulting way of thinking or behaving that comes from believing that you are better, smarter, or more important than other people.' In other words, Donald Trump perfectly exemplifies arrogance, and he just proved that fact yet again. 
Appearing on Good Morning America Thursday morning, the GOP nominee readily defended the insulting posts he's made on Twitter: 'It's ok, most of them deserved it.' 
Trump then declared : 'I believe in fighting back when people are against me, when they tell lies, you know, I have the power of this instrument and frankly sometimes I'll use that. And I agree sometimes it will revert back or sometimes maybe it doesn't come out — you have to be careful with it.' 
When exactly has Trump been careful with what he posts on social media? Try never. 
Melania Trump, who was also interviewed, said that if she becomes First Lady, one of her primary areas of focus would be social media: 'What's going on is very hurtful to children, to some adults as well.' 
Does that mean she'll take away Donald's cell phone and duct tape his hands to his sides so he can't tweet out hateful and hurtful shit the way he normally does? Yeah, good luck with that, Melania! 
Earlier this week, the New York Times ran a two-page spread listing all of the insults and unkind postings Trump has made on Twitter since he announced he would be running for President in 2015. If you want to see a completely unhinged, uninformed, and unfiltered mind at work, just take a look at the Times article and recall what Hillary Clinton said regarding the Donald: 'A man you can bait with a tweet is not a man we can trust with nuclear weapons.' 
Donald Trump cannot be trusted with a smart phone, let alone the reins of power for the most important nation in the world. 
Featured Image Via YouTube Screengrab About Andrew Bradford 
Andrew Bradford is a single father who lives in Atlanta. A member of the Christian Left, he has worked in the fields of academia, journalism, and political consulting. His passions are art, music, food, and literature. He believes in equal rights and justice for all. To see what else he likes to write about, check out his blog at Deepleftfield.info. Connect
ARTICLE

This Could Be The FUNNIEST Anti-Trump Campaign Ad You'll Ever See (VIDEO) By Paddy Maclachlan on October 27, 2016 Subscribe 
The famously thin-skinned Republican candidate Donald Trump will be feeling even more sensitive if he sees this hilarious ad that pokes fun at him. It takes its rightful place among the very wittiest political campaign ads. 
Produced in Denmark for the country's Socialist People's Party ( SF ), the bus-side ad is aimed at American expats, urging them to vote in the upcoming election. It's fairly obvious who they want those people to vote for. 
Like most of the best ads, it's as clever as it is simple. 
It shows Trump's unforgettably distinctive quiff and forehead but, just below it, a pair of big, googly eyes have been attached to the wheels. As the bus moves, Donald's eyes roll. 
Talking to a local broadcaster, the SF leader Pia Olsen said : 'It is meant to be a bit funny. One can't be in doubt that it was done tongue in cheek. We want to tell American citizens: Remember to vote, it has consequences.' 
As the election draws near, both parties can be expected to increase their efforts to attract votes from the large number of U.S. citizens abroad, which amount to as many as 8.7 million. 
Turnout among this sector is traditionally low, but it has also been proven that their input can be absolutely crucial. 
Al Gore would have won the 2000 election by 202 votes, if the 2,490 overseas ballots had been counted in time. 
Let's hope Americans in Denmark – and everywhere else overseas – see the serious side as well as the funny side, and make sure to get their vote in. 
Talking of clever ads, here's one for Audi , which was deliberately planned to air during the Trump-Clinton presidential debates. It's beautifully shot and directed, but it's the line at the very end that makes it especially relevant. 
Featured image: Richard Foster via Flickr /Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 2.0 Generic license Connect with me
ARTICLE

GOP: We Will Be United Against Any Supreme Court Nominee Of Hillary Clinton (VIDEO) By Karen Shiebler on October 27, 2016 
When Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia died last February, it threw the United States Supreme Court into chaos. The unexpected death meant that the Court was reduced to only eight members, making the likelihood of tie votes a real possibility. 
A tie means no decision, rendering the Supreme Court essentially powerless. 
President Obama quickly nominated a replacement for the super conservative Scalia. He chose the very moderate Judge Merrick Garland for the position. He hoped that his choice of a middle-of-the-road, white male might soften Republican opposition to the appointment. 
No such luck. As stiff necked as always, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky) dug in his heels and refused to allow the Senate to even hold a hearing on Garland's nomination. 
Why, you ask? Because Sen. McConnell and the rest of the GOP leadership insisted it would be better to allow the next President to choose the new Justice. 
Democrats were frustrated, but there was nothing to be done. The Republicans wanted to wait for the 'next President,' so that's what would happen. 
Now, however, to the surprise of absolutely no one in the word, the GOP is backing away from its own proposal. It looks more and more likely that the 'next President' will be Hillary Clinton, and the Republicans want to eat their words. 
Last week Sen. John McCain (R-Az) said this : 'I promise you that we will be united against any Supreme Court nominee that Hillary Clinton, if she were president, would put up. I promise you.' That shocking statement was at first denounced by some in the GOP, but now it is gaining support within the Party. Some conservative legal scholars are giving their support to the outrageous idea. Ilya Shapiro of the Cato Institute says that the Senate would within its legal rights to simply refuse to approve any nominee of the Democratic President. He writes that the Constitution is silent of the question of whether or not the Senate is required to fill vacant seats on the Court. Other legal experts agree that the Constitution would technically allow the Senate to leave the Court essentially powerless, with eight seats divided between the two parties' points of view. Most also agree that leaving the Court divided would be disastrous. Justice Sonia Sotomayor said : ' I t's much more difficult for us to do our job if we are not what we're intended to be ― a court of nine.' This level of obstructionism is completely unprecedented in American history. If in fact the Republicans chose to ignore any nominee, no matter who it might be, then they are stating an intention to upset the entire balance of power in this country. Republicans love to refer to the Founding Fathers, and they love to claim that they adhere to the principals those founders introduced. To eliminate one entire branch of our three branch government system would be far beyond irresponsible. It would be completely unAmerican. Watch here as CNN's Jeffrey Toobin discusses the Republican threat. 
Featured image by Matt Wade via Flickr . Available through Creative Commons Attribution Share-Alike Generic license 2.0 About Karen Shiebler 
Karen is a retired elementary school teacher with many years of progressive activism behind her. She is the proud mother of three young adults who were all arrested with Occupy Wall Street. To see what she writes about in her spare time, check out her blog at "Empty Nest, Full Life" Connect
ARTICLE

Ivana Says Young Donald Trump Was A Cry-Baby – Has Anything Changed? (VIDEO) By Carrie MacDonald on October 27, 2016 Subscribe 
Ivana Trump, the first wife of Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump, confirmed what many of us have been thinking for a long time now: Trump is a childish buffoon. Her story of a young Donald Trump on the ski slopes is telling of the temperament we see in the nominee now. Ivana Trump: 'He Could Not Take It' 
Trump biographer Michael D'Antonio spoke with Ivana Trump about her marriage to The Donald, and she remembered a time he took her skiing. This was early on, before they married, and one would think Donald would want to show his best side, right? 
No. 
You see, Ivana neglected to tell the young Donald Trump that she was a very accomplished skier. According to Ivana Trump, Donald skied down the slope first, and then: '… He goes and stops, and he says, 'Come on, baby. Come on, baby.' I went up. I went two flips up in the air, two flips in front of him. I disappeared. Donald was so angry, he took off his skis, his ski boots, and walked up to the restaurant. He could not take it. He could not take it.' 
She said he stormed off, saying: 'I'm not going to do this for anybody, including Ivana.' 
We all know by now that Donald Trump is a man who doesn't like to lose. Ever. He is a man easily baited, easily goaded, and he has the temper of a petulant child. His outbursts have sparked the hashtag #trumpertantrum . 
Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton was correct when she said, in her speech at the Democratic National Convention: 'A man you can bait with a tweet is not a man we can trust with nuclear weapons.' 
Nor is a man who storms off in a huff when bested by his girlfriend on the ski slopes. Donald Trump: 'I Loved To Fight' 
D'Antonio also said that Donald told him how he loved a good fight. 'I loved to fight. I always loved to fight. All types of fights. Any kind of fight, I loved it, including physical.' 
There's a word for people who act like that: Bully. 
Of course, Trump has put his childish, bullying ways on display for the world during this election cycle. Ivana just happened to be one of his earlier victims. 
Watch their appearance on Oprah in 1988, when Trump said she does what he tells her to do: 
Featured image via screenshot from YouTube video About Carrie MacDonald 
Carrie is a progressive mom and wife living in the upper Midwest. Connect
ARTICLE

Subscribe 
See that wedge of people cheering behind the podium at political rallies? The ones who just so happen to sit nicely within the camera frame? They are always something of a fantasy construct. If a candidate has a problem with women voters, then the podium behind will be packed tightly with women. If some number cruncher decides that Black men would rather vote for someone else, then they too get press-ganged into the formation of a human canvas. A little bit of demographic sleight of hand if you will. 
It's no big deal. They all do it. It's a talking point, a visual cue for the doubters and a psychological nudge for the undecided. Any Color You Want So Long As It's White 
Of course, Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump has a problem with pretty much every non-white male demographic you can think of. And when it comes to Black voters, his poll numbers are so low that misrepresenting his demographic base is all but impossible. No matter how large your crowd is, a statistical zero still leaves you with a chronic shortage of Black people. And that means they cannot be used as props that detract from the massively racist campaign he's been running. Which must make him sad. 
Time for plan B. 
And no, that's not a racially insensitive name or a typo. That's his name, or at least, that's the one he is using right now. The Cultist Formerly Known As… 
You might have seen Michael before. Back in 2012, during the Republican primary race, Rick Santorum asked him to front his campaign rally. Attendants were treated to an excruciatingly awful jazz set , followed by rabid claims that Democrats are all closet Nazis. He told the crowd : 'The Democrats, they're the worst thing that ever happened to the Black man. They're the slave masters.' 
So, right off the bat, we know we're dealing with someone who has some legitimate political arguments to make. That's good to know. 
The 'Blacks for Trump' placards that wafted in the torrid zephyr sliding past Trump's rally in Sanford, Florida last Tuesday were hard to miss. The inane grin of a middle-aged white woman, holding one of the signs at arm's length as if afraid the word 'black' might come and get her, was particularly memorable. 
The man stood next to her, wearing a T-shirt that read 'Republicans Aren't Racist' was less conspicuous but keen-eyed observers recognized his familiar brand of crazy from past GOP events. It was none other than our man Michael. 
You know, the Black Man. Trump's Cult Following 
He wasn't born with that name of course. Previous names include Maurice Woodside and Michael Symonette while his website lists it as Michel Nicholson. Go figure. 
As a former high-ranking member of the Nation of Yahweh — a violent black supremacist organization — he has good reason to keep his true name secret. The cult disintegrated in the 1980s shortly after its leader, Yahweh ben Yahweh , was arrested on conspiracy charges relating to 14 murders committed in Miami. Yahweh was convicted and eventually served 11 years of an 18-year sentence before his death in 2007. 
Michael has had his share of legal problems too. 
Implicated, but never convicted of two separate murders, he has since been charged with — though again, never convicted — of four separate felonies since the cult crashed and burned. 
And according to the New Miami Times , Michael still cuts something of a radical figure. They describes him as being : 'An anti-gay, anti-liberal preacher with a golden instinct for getting on TV at GOP events.' 
And just like that, all of a sudden, his support for Trump begins to make a lot of sense. 
Watch Michael's enthusiasm for fellow nut-job Donald J. Trump: 
Featured Image via screenshot from YouTube video 
About Grownmangrumbles 
I'm a full- time, somewhat unwilling resident of the planet Earth. I studied journalism at Murdoch University in West Australia and moved back to the UK where I taught politics and studied for a PhD. I've written a number of books on political philosophy that are mostly of interest to scholars. I'm also a seasoned travel writer so I get to stay in fancy hotels for free. I have a pet Lizard called Rousseau. We have only the most cursory of respect for one another. Connect
ARTICLE

Congressman Tells Cub Scouts He'll Vote Trump 'No Matter What Crazy Things He Says' (VIDEO) By Richard Marcil on October 27, 2016 
New video from a Cub Scout meeting in Kansas shows Representative Kevin Yoder (R-Kan.) pledging to support his party's presidential candidate, Donald Trump – no matter what. 'I'm going to be supporting the Republican nominee, no matter what crazy things he says.' 
Yoder's admission is shameful enough on its own. But the worst part is his audience – a group of Cub Scouts, aged 7-10. 
The video, taken October 11, was recorded shortly after the release of the now-infamous ' Pussy Tape ' in which Trump brags about sexually assaulting women. Yoder even made a joke about Trump's scandalous comments: 'A-ha! Which parent put him up to that? Is there a hot mic in here? Well, I'm a Republican, so I'm going to be supporting the Republican nominee, no matter what crazy things he says.' A Lesson On 'Spin'– For the Kids! 
Yoder dishonestly suggested that the child was not curious enough to ask the question on his own. But in fact, kids are quite aware of the impending election. An informal survey of teachers found high levels of youth anxiety – especially among racial and ethnic minorities – due to Donald Trump's inflammatory rhetoric. 
His reply also dishonestly implies that he's somehow obligated to vote along party lines. But the many Republican defections from the Donald Trump camp prove that is untrue. Yoder could have used the opportunity to teach the Scouts that they should always do the right thing, even if it means refusing to do what is easy and expected of you. Instead, he towed the party line. 
Perhaps Yoder needs a reminder from the Cub Scouts about where his loyalty should lie. According to the Scout Oath , decent citizens should pledge: 'On my honor I will do my best, to do my duty to God and my country…' Damage Control 
Yoder is running for a fourth term in a suburban Kansas City district. His team is already running damage control on the tape. Yoder spokesperson, C.J. Grover, played the remarks off as evidence of Yoder's 'quick wit.' 'Anyone who knows Kevin knows that he utilizes his quick wit to connect with voters. All this video shows is Kevin continues to be out in the community taking all questions from anyone who wants to ask them, whereas his opponent has been hiding in his basement hoping his financial backers in D.C. can steal him a victory.' 
Featured image: screengrab via YouTube video . About Richard Marcil 
Richard Marcil is a freelance writer. Connect
ARTICLE

Trump Avoids Facts Again: Wind Energy Won't Kill 'All The Birds' (VIDEO) By Karen Shiebler on October 27, 2016 Subscribe 
The Republican presidential candidate continues to prove himself too uninformed to be President of these United States. 
In his latest attack on the facts, Republican hopeful Donald Trump went on a rant against renewable energy. As is so typical for the shallow conservative, he seized the handiest and easiest idea to sell his argument. 
In essence, Donald Trump says that we can't have wind power because it kills all the birds. 
All the birds. Killed by wind turbines. 
Trump was particularly worried about the fate of the eagles. Of course he was. The eagle, the symbol of America. The easiest way to tug on the heartstrings on the uninformed is to threaten the very symbol of our nation. So he did. He claimed that 'thousands' of eagles are killed in California by wind energy. 
Trump appeared on a radio show the other day with Republican has-been Herman Cain. He said : '[Wind power] kills all the birds. Thousands of birds are lying on the ground. And the eagle. You know, certain parts of California — they've killed so many eagles. You know, they put you in jail if you kill an eagle. And yet these windmills [kill] them by the hundreds.' 
What an image! Hundreds of dead American eagles, all slaughtered by wind turbines. 
And in keeping with the unapologetic shallowness of his position, Trump went on to complain that wind turbines are unattractive. There is no insult in Trump world more powerful than 'ugly'. Here are Donald Trump's views on wind power, and Disneyland: https://t.co/mphn1qSbGU pic.twitter.com/ja1j6wltBx 
— Daniel Dale (@ddale8) October 26, 2016 
So wind energy is ugly, inefficient and it kills all of those wonderful noble eagles. 
Except that NONE of that is true. None of it. 
Here is the truth, not that it will matter to the fact averse Donald Trump. 
While it is true that many birds are killed by wind turbines (up to 368,000 annually), that figure looks low when compared to the number of birds killed by cell towers each year (6.8 million). 
The biggest killer of birds is….are you ready? Cats. Cats kill up to 3.7 billion birds a year. 
As for those eagles? The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service says that two eagles were killed by wind turbines in Palm Springs since 1997. 
Trump's rant seems even more deceitful when we consider the fact that climate change is the greatest threat to birds in the world. The Audubon Society says that up to half of the bird species on earth are threatened by rising global temperatures. 
Donald Trump appears to be incapable of understanding or accepting reality. He says that climate change is a hoax created by China. He claims that wind turbines are killing 'all the birds.' He mourns the loss of hundreds of eagles who haven't died. 
Whatever it is that he wants to be true is what he believes to be true. 
He is delusional. He is dangerous. He has to be stopped. 
Featured image by RichardGHawley via Flickr . Available through Creative Commons Attribution No-Derivs Generic license 2.0 About Karen Shiebler 
Karen is a retired elementary school teacher with many years of progressive activism behind her. She is the proud mother of three young adults who were all arrested with Occupy Wall Street. To see what she writes about in her spare time, check out her blog at "Empty Nest, Full Life" Connect
ARTICLE

The Hidden Symbolism In Clinton's Election Night Venue (TWEETS/VIDEO) By Natalie Dailey   
Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton has made history this year by becoming the first woman nominated to run for president by a major party. In less than two weeks, we will likely be celebrating our first female president. 
Hillary Clinton picked a beautiful place to plan to spend election night; the Jacob K. Javits Convention Center in New York. 
She will break a metaphorical glass ceiling under a real glass ceiling when that special moment happens. About the building : 'The structure is an 840,000 square foot venue that sits on the Hudson River and has hosted numerous events. It's most striking aspect is that most of it is made of glass.' 
More about the building : 'Operated by the New York Convention Center Operation Corporation (NYCCOC), a public benefit corporation, the Javits Center helps drive the economies of New York State and New York City, generating an impressive $1.5 billion in economic activity and supporting 14,000 jobs. Nowhere in the country will you find a more sought-after, state-of-the-art facility—one with the extensive resources, services and staff of elite professionals dedicated to making every trade show, convention and special event a success.' Reminder: The Javits Center, where Hillary Clinton is holding her election night party, has a literal glass ceiling pic.twitter.com/RvGLDx9cAc 
— Elliot Smilowitz (@SmiloTweets) October 26, 2016 
Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump has a connection to this building. He wanted to build it, but the city ended up overseeing the project, so he decided it was just a terrible project altogether. What a sore loser. 
Explained in Trump's book, The Art of the Deal , he said : 'What happened at that convention center is that the city and state took a great piece of property and a great project and ruined it through terrible planning and ridiculous cost overruns.' 
The GOP is not as optimistic as Clinton is. In fact, the Michigan GOP has decided to cancel the election night rally they were going to have. 
Michigan GOP communications director Sarah Anderson said : 'It is a costly endeavor and we are using all available resources to elect Republicans.' 
Here she is talking about glass ceilings in a video from the 2008 campaign after she lost the primary to Barack Obama: 
Featured Image: Screenshot Via YouTube Video . About Natalie Dailey 
Hi, I'm from Huntsville, AL. I'm a Liberal living in the Bible Belt, which can be quite challenging at times. I'm passionate about many issues including mental health, women's rights, gay rights, and many others. Check out my blog abravealabamaatheist.com. Check out my other blog weneedtotalkaboutmentalhealth.com Connect
ARTICLE

BOMBSHELL: Justice Clarence Thomas Accused Of Sexual Misconduct (VIDEO) By Karen Shiebler   
Way back in 1991, the news in this country was filled with stories of sexual harassment. Anita Hill was a young law professor who sat in front of the U.S. Senate Judiciary Committee as it debated the nomination of Clarence Thomas to the Supreme Court. 
Professor Hill described the sexually explicit comments that she said Judge Thomas had made to her when she worked for him. She shared her story and her embarrassment to the entire nation, but her story was evaluated by a panel of white men. 
In spite of what many observers felt was damning testimony from Professor Hill, Clarence Thomas was nevertheless confirmed and joined the Supreme Court of the United States. 
Now another woman has made a claim about Justice Thomas and his inappropriate sexual advances. 
This time the claim comes from a woman named Moria Smith. She is Vice President and General Counsel to Enstar Natural Gas Company. Ms. Smith first reported her encounter with the Justice on her Facebook page. 
Smith claimed that she was a 23 year old Truman scholar in attendance at a Truman Foundation Dinner in 1999. Clarence Thomas was a Justice on the Supreme Court at the time. 
She told the National Law Journal that she was in the process of setting the table, putting her in a position of subservience to the guests. As she was setting the table, the young woman says that she was grabbed by Justice Thomas, who cupped her rear and pulled her close to him. 
She said : 'He groped me while I was setting the table, suggesting I should sit 'right next to him.'' 
Naturally, Justice Thomas claims that none of this ever happened. When was the last time that a sexual predator happily agreed with his accuser? 
Ms. Smith had apparently told her story to her friends, though, way back when it first happened. The National Law Review says that it spoke to several of her friends and former roommates who remembered her describing the encounter when it first happened. 
Yet another reason to vote Blue on November 8. We need a Supreme Court that is weighted heavily in favor of those who support women and will stand up against sexual aggression. 
Watch for more here : 
Featured image via YouTube Screengrab . About Karen Shiebler 
Karen is a retired elementary school teacher with many years of progressive activism behind her. She is the proud mother of three young adults who were all arrested with Occupy Wall Street. To see what she writes about in her spare time, check out her blog at "Empty Nest, Full Life" Connect
ARTICLE

There Are A Lot Of Born-Again Women Who Are Closet Hillary Supporters (TWEETS) By Darrell Lucus   Hillary Clinton at the 2014 United Methodist Women Conference ( image courtesy United Methodist Women, available under a Creative Commons BY-NC-ND license) 
For much of the campaign, there was talk that Donald Trump's support was a lot greater than it seemed because of a large number of closet Trump supporters–a bloc of support for the Donald that isn't showing up in most polls. That seems hard to believe. After all, you would have thought that those secret Trump backers would have come out of hiding during Hillary Clinton's bad week in September. Even then, Hillary never dropped below 54 percent in the FiveThirtyEight average –and Nate Silver's model responds fairly strongly to sharp changes in good polls. 
A much more plausible scenario comes from Lyz Lenz, a freelance writer who is also one of the embedded liberals at her evangelical church in her small Iowa town. In a revealing piece for Marie Claire, Lenz tells us that there are a considerable number of born-again women who are backing Hillary–but just keeping quiet about it. 
It's not hard to see why. Hillary has been one of the religious right's pet hates for almost three decades. This was true long before Bill Clinton was ensnared in the Monica Lewinsky scandal, for which many born-agains still haven't forgiven him. Additionally, in much of the evangelical world, women are expected to follow their husband's lead in virtually all matters–including politics. 
Add it up, and it's no wonder that a number of evangelical Hillary supporters feel they have to stay in the closet–and even feign support for Trump. This is particularly true in red-tinted small towns across America. Lenz describes this as the 'spiral of silence'–fear of being shunned when you voice an unpopular opinion. 
Lenz saw this first-hand. When she went to caucus for Hillary, she was surprised to see her friend 'Melody,' the former head of a Christian non-profit and one of the most respected leaders in her town's evangelical circle, was also heading for the Hillary section. Over the next few months, she's met several other women in her town who are secretly backing Hillary. 
One of them, 'Jennifer,' works at a faith-based non-profit that helps women in need. The prevailing mentality there is that the GOP is 'the only acceptable choice' on election day. For that reason, she has to bite her tongue even when one of her coworkers shares nasty anti-Hillary memes on Facebook. Most of the time, she lets her colleagues believe she's supporting Trump as well, since most evangelicals assume that 'others are like them.' My girlfriend can attest to this; she once told me that when she went to her precinct at the time–a church–she mused about how everyone in line would react if they knew she was voting for Obama. 
Even in households where both spouses back Hillary, the prospect of getting bombarded with twenty questions is enough for some women to keep their support for Hillary secret. One of them, 'Susan,' has gotten in a number of knock-down, drag-out arguments with friends, co-workers, and family members who can't understand how her husband can support Hillary. As a result, she feels she doesn't have 'the energy to go there' and reveal she supports Hillary as well. 
Fortunately, these closet Hillary voters aren't alone. A number of private 'Secret Hillary Clubs' have mushroomed on Facebook, and offer support and encouragement for Hillary supporters in fire-engine red areas. One woman in this club, 'Amy,' remembers how her parents frequently called Hillary a 'liar' or a 'bitch' when she appeared on TV. Since she still lives near them in Ohio, she finds it 'very difficult to openly support Hillary.' 
However, the release of the 'Access Hollywood' tapes seems to have prompted more evangelical women to speak out against Trump. For instance, one of the first evangelical leaders to blast Trump's debauchery was author and speaker Beth Moore. She made her feelings loud and clear in an epic tweetstorm on October 9. Wake up, Sleepers, to what women have dealt with all along in environments of gross entitlement & power. Are we sickened? Yes. Surprised? NO 
— Beth Moore (@BethMooreLPM) October 9, 2016 Try to absorb how acceptable the disesteem and objectifying of women has been when some Christian leaders don't think it's that big a deal. 
— Beth Moore (@BethMooreLPM) October 9, 2016 I'm one among many women sexually abused, misused, stared down, heckled, talked naughty to. Like we liked it. We didn't. We're tired of it. 
— Beth Moore (@BethMooreLPM) October 9, 2016 "Keep your mouth shut or something worse will happen." Yes. I'm familiar with the concept. Sometimes it's terrifyingly true. Still, we speak 
— Beth Moore (@BethMooreLPM) October 9, 2016 
Russell Moore (no relation to Beth), the president of the Southern Baptist Convention's Ethics and Religious Liberty Commission and a prominent member of the 'Never Trump' crowd,' told The Daily Beast that a number of evangelical women have privately told him that they were 'horrified' and disgusted how so many Christian leaders continued to rally behind Trump. Many of them, Russell Moore said, have spent years teaching girls to 'find their identity in Christ and not in an American culture that sexualizes and objectifies them,' and are disgusted that their male counterparts are still backing a man who seems to be doing both. 
In some circles, however, the opening began long before 2016. My low-key charismatic church in Charlotte, for instance, is split almost down the middle politically; the sizable klatch of liberals there–including yours truly–don't feel pressured to keep our views in the closet. I started dating my current girlfriend during the primaries, and she was a Bernie Sanders supporter. When I first brought her to my church, no one raised an eyebrow at her Bernie bumper sticker–or my Hillary sticker. Hopefully this is a sign that evangelical women who are leaning toward the Democrats can finally come out of the shadows. About Darrell Lucus 
Darrell is a 30-something graduate of the University of North Carolina who considers himself a journalist of the old school. An attempt to turn him into a member of the religious right in college only succeeded in turning him into the religious right's worst nightmare--a charismatic Christian who is an unapologetic liberal. His desire to stand up for those who have been scared into silence only increased when he survived an abusive three-year marriage. You may know him on Daily Kos as Christian Dem in NC . Follow him on Twitter @DarrellLucus or connect with him on Facebook . Click here to buy Darrell a Mello Yello. Connect
ARTICLE

Blacks For Trump Rejoice! Trump Has A Plan To Save You (Video) By Grownmangrumbles on October 27, 2016 Subscribe 
Why is that only the Blacks for Trump crowd can see it? 
The crime ridden streets. The sense of hopelessness. Black men loitering outside buildings, taking causal pot shots at each other across barely-lit streets strewn with human refuse. Black women sobbing quietly to themselves, their fingers raw from the caustic touch of the White-folk laundry they labor over. Dark-hued children scampering through the streets barefoot, clutching prizes grubbed from garbage that ooze like the bloated carcasses of animals lost to the summer heat. A half-eaten apple, a burger entombed in the husk of a once-edible bun. 
Such treats. 
Or rather, to Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump's version of certain parts of America. Africa-America 
Donald Trump has lived in a bubble his entire life. His has been a life of privilege and of entitlement. He has never ventured out into the Black communities he is so quick to criticize; he's never had to experience any of the hardships he pretends to lament. 
Which helps explain a few things, I guess. Like why he refused to rent property to non-whites back in the 1970s. The answer is simple. 
Because the man is fixated on a view of the lives of Black Americans so painfully anachronistic that it's just plain racist. 
To listen to him, you'd think that we were still living in plantation-era America. Speaking to Fox News ' Jeanine Pirro last August, he described the lives of Black people in U.S. as a: 'Total catastrophe, the unemployment rates, everything is bad — no health care, no education, no anything, no anything.' 
He went on to make the kind of pitch to the Black demographic that was as inept as it was inappropriate. 'Then, I said, 'Hey, wait a minute, vote for me. What have you got to lose? You can't do worse, you can't do any worse than what these people have been doing and I will do better.'' 
It's not that his observations are entirely without merit. Serious inequality absolutely does exist in the United States. RE: Reality Check 
Income inequality between Black people and White people is worse today that it was in 1979. That's on both parties. Gaps in household incomes persist and home ownership is divided along ethnic lines. That's on both major parties too. 
And that's just the tip of the iceberg. Five times as many White people are using drugs as Black, yet Black people are sent to prison for drug offenses at 10 times the rate of White people. And then there are the shootings , the mistrust, the blatant prejudice. 
So yes, there is a lot of work to be done. But to say that 'they' have nothing is yet one more reason why this man is unfit to be president. To dismiss their gains, to dismiss the vibrancy of their communities, the impact they have had on popular culture, and even the very fact that a Black man is in the White House. To do that is to demean those very same achievements. 
It seems that somebody in the Trump camp agrees. Trump 2.0 
On Wednesday, in Charlotte, North Carolina, speaking to an overwhelmingly White crowd, Donald Trump laid out his 'new' new deal for Black people, taking aim at those people who were, in his eyes, living in the very worst kind of Dickensian squalor. 
As you might expect for a man whose hands are too tiny to pull a trigger, he missed the mark by quite some margin. 
Gone was his insistence that the unconstitutional stop-and-frisk policy had been a rousing success. Gone was his blundering critique of the ongoing tension between the Black community and law enforcement. 
Instead, he treated us to a new tactic. Sure it was a rehash of the lines that helped him exploit the post-truth delusional mindset of disaffected White people across the country but so what? It's not like his approval rating with Black people could get any lower, right? He said : 'Illegal immigration violates the civil rights of African-Americans.' 
Sticking to his usual modus operandi , he offered no evidence whatsoever to back this claim. Instead he forged ahead with yet more unsubstantiated bullshit : 'No group has been more economically harmed by decades of illegal immigration than low-income African-American workers.' 
Ever the defender of the underdog, Trump proceeded to rail against Wall Street, Clinton, and tax laws for a few minutes before admitting, almost as an afterthought, that he wanted to pass legislation that would prioritize helping Black people with businesses : 'Get the credit they need.' 
Incredibly, this close to the election, he did not feel the need to tell the crowd what the legislation would be. Maybe he doesn't know. Maybe he just said it for fun. 
Who the hell knows anymore? Comic Relief 
Although some attempt at softening his stance seems to have been made, the old rhetoric was still there. He pointed to slow growth of what he called 'blighted communities,' and promised to : '… Seek a federal disaster designation … in order to initiate the rebuilding of vital infrastructure, the demolition of abandoned properties and the increased presence of law enforcement.' 
Presumably with the intention of doing the rebuilding himself. Or rather, getting someone else to do the work, slapping his name on it and then politely asking all the Black people to get the fuck out of the way because, you know, they kind of spoil his view. 
Watch Black leaders reject Trump's proposals: 
Featured image by Gage Skidmore via Flickr under a CC By-S.A. 2.0 license About Grownmangrumbles 
I'm a full- time, somewhat unwilling resident of the planet Earth. I studied journalism at Murdoch University in West Australia and moved back to the UK where I taught politics and studied for a PhD. I've written a number of books on political philosophy that are mostly of interest to scholars. I'm also a seasoned travel writer so I get to stay in fancy hotels for free. I have a pet Lizard called Rousseau. We have only the most cursory of respect for one another. Connect
ARTICLE

Draft-dodger Donald Trump, the Republican nominee for president, is at war with a military expert who had the audacity to point out Trump's obvious ignorance about the military operation against ISIS in Mosul, Iraq. 
Today, in an ABC News interview with George Stephanopoulos, Trump sounded off about Mosul. 'So you can tell your military expert that I'll sit down and I'll teach him a couple of things.' 
In Trump's experience-free opinion, Mosul is a 'total disaster' because we gave too much notice of the attack. The attack on Mosul is turning out to be a total disaster. We gave them months of notice. U.S. is looking so dumb. VOTE TRUMP and WIN AGAIN! 
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 23, 2016 
Trump made similar comments during the last presidential debate . 'The element of surprise. Douglas MacArthur, George Patton spinning in their graves when they see the stupidity of our country.' 
Unfortunately for Trump, real military experts disagree. The next day, the New York Times reported that such warnings reduce civilian casualties and instill fear within the enemy, among other benefits. Then there was this quote: ''What this shows is Trump doesn't know a damn thing about military strategy,' said Jeff McCausland, a retired Army colonel and former dean at the Army War College in Carlisle, Pa.' 
Today, Stephanopoulos asked Trump about his tweet and McCausland's comment. Trump doubled down . Oh, and check out how he first referred to General George Patton: 'The Army War College – let me tell you, the element of surprise. I've been hearing about Mosul now for three months, 'We're going to attack. We're going to attack.' Meaning Iraq's going to attack but with us, OK? We're going to attack. Why do they have to talk about it? Don't talk about it. Element of surprise. General George Patent [sic].' 
Trump subsequently correctly referred to Patton. But his later comments probably did nothing to reassure anyone about his suitability as commander in chief. Besides his desire to lecture McCausland, Trump brushed aside a challenge to his dire assessment of the Mosul operation. 
When Stephanopoulos noted that Defense Secretary Ash Carter has said 35 ISIS leaders have been killed, Trump insisted : 'Excuse me: The resistance is much greater now because they knew about the attack. Why can't they win first and talk later? Why do they have to say, three months before the attack, we're going in?' 
Of course, Trump provided no evidence to support his argument that a surprise attack would have worked better. But why would he? In Trump's mind, he knows better than anyone about fighting ISIS, as he said last year that: 'I know more about ISIS than the generals do, believe me.' 
Fortunately, it looks like most Americans don't believe him. 
Video via ABC News on YouTube . About Ellen Brodsky 
Ellen Brodsky is a long time blogger for NewsHounds.us and a contributor to Crooks and Liars. She has also worked as a researcher for Brave New Films' landmark documentary, "Outfoxed: Rupert Murdoch's War on Journalism" and "Iraq for Sale." Connect
ARTICLE

The Liberal Conservative Examines The Bill Of Rights, Part VIII By Jonathan Lenhardt on October 28, 2013 Subscribe 
We're in the home stretch here at The Liberal Conservative's look at the United States Bill of Rights. Welcome to Part 8! Just joining us? Then click here to play catch up and check all things Liberal Conservative courtesy of Liberal America. Now, on with the show! 
Excessive bail shall not be required, nor excessive fines imposed, nor cruel and unusual punishments inflicted. 
We finally return to the hot-button issues! In this case; 'Is the death penalty cruel and unusual and thus a violation of the 8th Amendment?' Let's take a look… 
…but, let's get those first two provisions out of the way. Excessive bail. Excessive fines. Pretty self-explanatory: you can't be charged $1 million bail for littering and you can't be fined $14k for not coming to a complete stop at a stop sign. Seems reasonable enough to me; albeit, there are some whacky things you can be fined for in this country. In the end, though, they're really more comedic than intrusive or unconstitutional. 
On to the juicy bits! Is the death penalty unconstitutional? Well, it comes down to the one question alluded to earlier: 'Is the death penalty cruel and unusual?' The ACLU certainly thinks so and there are eighteen states, plus the District of Columbia , that have outright abolished the death penalty; the most recent being Maryland just this past May. That should make it clear just how divisive this issue truly is throughout this country. 
The polls would seem to match the divide among the States. The 18-against-32 against/for ratio of the states comes in at 64% for the death penalty and 36% against. According to a Gallup poll published in January of this year 63% of Americans support the death penalty; down from 64% in 2010, but up from 61% in 2011; and that's pretty much where the capital punishment approval rating been hanging out for the past few years after a steady decline in the decade prior. That same piece also goes on to explain that most support does, in fact, come from the Conservatives and Moderates while the majority of Liberals – just barely – oppose. Also, 67% of men stand in favor of capital punishment while 59% of women are in favor. 
So with almost two-thirds of the nation supporting the death penalty where does the opposition come from? What triggers it? 
It probably has to do with the old , archaic methods which were used to off the offenders. While three states – Delaware, New Hampshire, and Washington – still have death by hanging, and eight states – Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Kentucky, Oklahoma, South Carolina, Tennessee, and Virginia – still have death by electrocution, they all use lethal injection as their primary method of execution; as do twenty-one other states – plus Connecticut, Maryland, and New Mexico whose bans on the death penalty weren't retroactive. Now lethal injection isn't the coziest of methods, but at least the offenders aren't being fried like breaded chicken or hanged like deer cuts. 
Still, one could understand that the idea of taking a person's life in response to a crime may be a little…heinous. So maybe those who support the death penalty are heinous. 
Wanna' know who else was heinous? John Wayne Gacy killed 33 boys and buried most of them under his very own house. He was executed on May 10, 1994 via lethal injection. Wanna' know another heinous serial killer? David Alan Gore raped and killed a 17-year-old girl on top of five other murders – all female. He was executed in April, 2012 via lethal injection. 
Many pro-death penalty folks will explain to you that they are proponents of Hammurabi's Code . For those of you who may not know, Hammurbi's Code is widely regarded as the first set of written laws in human history. Even if you've never heard it referred to as 'Hammurabi's Code' before, you've definitely heard of the concept; 'An eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth'. You kill, you get killed. Pretty even trade. 
So, How Does This Amendment Apply To Modern America? 
Now Hammurabi's Code doesn't translate 100% picture perfectly into 21st Century America; but, then again, the only absolute is that there are no other absolutes. Shades of gray run roughshod in modern law, but this is one case where black & white would seem to apply. Murder is heinous and maybe – just maybe – it deserves heinous punishment. 
Once more, the death penalty is one of those issues that is highly divisive; drawing sharp opinions from people both for and against it. Whether or not this – the 8th Amendment – can possibly fit with a pro-death penalty America depends entirely on who you're talking to and what their opinion on it is. 
At the end of the day, though, the death penalty is legal and utilized by almost two-thirds of the States; and, even those who do abolish it don't do so retroactively,?it leaves those who received death sentences to remain on death row awaiting their inevitable doom. Therefore, it's hard to argue that this amendment doesn't apply to modern America. It does. Very well, in fact; whether you love it or hate it. 
Edited by SS About Jonathan Lenhardt 
I'm Jonathan Lenhardt; fiscally conservative, socially liberal Republican. I'm pro-choice, pro-2nd Amendment, anti-Tea Party, and happily atheist just to name a sparse few things about me. You can direct all hate mail to [email protected] Also, you can find me on Google+, Twitter (@JonLenTheLC), and I have an L.C.-specific Facebook page (Jonathan Lenhardt, The Liberal Conservative). Connect
ARTICLE

Subscribe 
The Obama administration recently announced measures to fight opioid addiction with treatment and prevention . It is hard to predict how these measures – and the new CDC guidelines – will affect chronic pain patients. However, in order to understand the many concerns patients with chronic pain have raised, it's important to hear about what they are already facing. 
Women, particularly women of color, face a difficult time getting diagnosed with chronic pain conditions, let alone receiving treatment . Age also plays a role – young chronic pain patients may face difficulties in receiving accurate care. Several women with chronic pain shared their stories with me in an effort to display how difficult things already are for many of us in chronic pain. 
Holy, a young woman from Maryland living with Ankylosing Spondylitis (AS), shared some of her struggles with me yesterday. AS is a debilitating form of arthritis that mainly attacks the back and spine. As such, it causes a tremendous amount of pain which can escalate during periods called 'flare-ups.' During flare-ups, patients may have to up medications such as corticosteroids (Prednisone) and pain medication. 
Holy has been refused medical care during painful flare-ups that caused her to go to the emergency room. Currently, she is in so much pain that she is unable to work or continue pursuing secondary education. 
She feels that her pain could be better controlled with a higher dose of the opiate she is currently on, but fears the reactions and repercussions she will face by asking for that dose. Holy's insurance won't cover a consultation with a pain management specialist, something that many physicians are requiring in order to get away from prescribing opiates themselves. All she wants is to be able to function enough to pursue her education and have a semblance of Quality of Life (QOL). 
Holy's story is not unlike that of Britta in Minnesota, who currently has little pain management for her chronic illness-related pain. While she would like to ask for pain management and discuss medications, her insurance and health care organization have both put extreme regulations on opiates. 
Other patients, including yours truly, already experience issues when picking up opiates or other controlled substances for pain relief at the pharmacy. We are often treated like criminals, something that becomes more obvious when you hear about urine and blood testing for illegal drugs in order to obtain your pain relief. 
While the stories above are the most common I encounter, there are rare stories like that of Gwendolyn from Colorado. While she admits she is terrified of the effects of the new prescription guidelines, Gwendolyn sees a pain management specialist who has assured her that they will do whatever they can to make sure the process of obtaining her script doesn't change and that her QOL isn't negatively affected. Like Holy, though, she still has had negative responses when needing to utilize the emergency room. 
An important note to make: Uncontrolled pain can and does lead to suicide . Patients who have little to no QOL and cannot access pain relief often feel as though they have nowhere to turn. Relationships suffer, contributing to a feeling of isolation and loneliness. There are some doctors who see this , who realize that pain and depression may be related, and who are reluctant to follow or are even actively resisting the various new guidelines. 
It remains to be seen how the new guidelines will affect healthcare across the country. Reducing the number of deaths from opiate abuse is important, but we also need to be mindful of those in unending pain who may have no other options than opiates. Limiting their access reduces their QoL and will, ultimately, lead to preventable deaths. 
Featured Image via Charles Williams/Flickr , available under a Creative Commons 2.0 license . About Kirsten Schultz 
Kirsten Schultz is a writer and chronic illness guru living in Madison, Wisconsin. Her undergraduate degree is in religious studies with a double minor in history and politics. However, during her first go of graduate school, she fell extremely ill and had to drop out. She now shares her musings on living with chronic illness at her site Not Standing Still's Disease, writes about how illness affects Quality of Life (QoL) issues at Chronic Sex and Creaky Joints, and runs a weekly chat on QoL issues Thursday nights on Twitter. Connect
ARTICLE

NRA Host: Ammosexuals Are Minorities Too! By Darrell Lucus on November 13, 2015 Subscribe Colion Noir ( image courtesy NRA News) 
When the National Rifle Association says something, you can almost take it to the bank that it's going to be outrageous. But even by those standards, a host on NRA News has really gone off the deep end. He'd like us to think that if you're a gun owner, you have to endure the same hardships as racial minorities and LGBT people. 
Colion Noir is the host of 'Noir,' a Webcast that has been on the air since 2014 on NRA News. It's part of an NRA push to bring its message to minorities and millennials. To give you an idea of just how out of touch the NRA is on this, the NRA began this astroturfing campaign soon after Sandy Hook. 
On the November 10 edition of his show, Noir claimed that people of color, gays, lesbians, and transgenders aren't the only ones who have the right to claim minority status. No, no–according to this host, gun owners are minorities as well. Watch here. 
Noir claims that the Second Amendment is what protects minority rights in 'the land of the minority.' As he sees it, if you support gun rights, 'you're fighting for the right of people who disagree with you' to own a gun. However, Noir shoots himself in the foot when he boils his argument down to one sentence: 'Majorities by definition accept the status quo. Minorities change it.' 
Really, Colion? Then why were efforts to reform our gun laws in this country derailed after Sandy Hook, even in the face of overwhelming majorities demanding that the status quo be changed? Oh, that's right–because the NRA had the power to strike fear in the hearts of enough Senators that the measure couldn't get 60 votes for cloture. 
Media Matters' Timothy Johnson points out that Noir's argument falls flat on several other counts. For one thing, gun ownership is not something you're born with–it's a choice. There is also no evidence that gun owners have ever faced the level of 'systematic and institutional discrimination' that racial minorities and LGBT people have had to endure. 
I did some digging on Noir, and found out he's more or less made to order for the NRA. According to The Daily Beast, his real name is Collins Idehen. Most of his videos are standard agitprop typical of an NRA host. When his show premiered last year , it didn't take long for it to turn into the usual NRA rants about how Hillary Clinton and Mike Bloomberg want to take our guns. 
To give you an idea about the kind of person Noir/Idehen is, he once claimed that Martin Luther King, Jr. was pro-gun because he tried to get a concealed-carry permit after someone firebombed his house in Montgomery. What Noir/Idehen doesn't tell you is that soon afterward, King concluded that he could not serve as the leader of a movement based on nonviolence when he himself had a gun. He got rid of the gun that he owned, contenting himself with posting unarmed guards at his house around the clock and not traveling alone. He realized that 'I was much more afraid' when he had a gun in his house than when he didn't have one. 
As it turns out, this urban myth has been floating around the gun lobby for a long time. Just because a black host says it doesn't make it any less unhinged and inaccurate than it would from the mouth of Wayne LaPierre. The fact that the NRA considers someone who spews such easily debunked claptrap to be its 'Great Black Hope' and 'Great Millennial Hope' tells you all you need to know about the NRA. About Darrell Lucus 
Darrell is a 30-something graduate of the University of North Carolina who considers himself a journalist of the old school. An attempt to turn him into a member of the religious right in college only succeeded in turning him into the religious right's worst nightmare--a charismatic Christian who is an unapologetic liberal. His desire to stand up for those who have been scared into silence only increased when he survived an abusive three-year marriage. You may know him on Daily Kos as Christian Dem in NC . Follow him on Twitter @DarrellLucus or connect with him on Facebook . Click here to buy Darrell a Mello Yello. Connect
ARTICLE

One particular topic in a presidential election is the candidate's plan for their first 100 days. First 100 Days History 
President Franklin D. Roosevelt was inaugurated in 1933. During this time, the Great Depression had been going on for a few years. 
One-quarter of the population was unemployed. Roosevelt made an ambitious plan for the first 100 Days of his presidency. In those first three months, he passed lots of legislation to get more jobs. 
Now, all presidential candidates make their own ambitious plans for the first 100 days. Hillary Clinton's First 100 Days Plan 
Clinton's plans seems designed to help the average American. 
Clinton wants to appoint a 'trade prosecutor' to look into anti-competitive trade deals. She would like to work with Congress to make big investments in infrastructure. She wants to implement immigration reforms and raise taxes on the wealthy. 
She wants to appoint a Supreme Court Justice who supports upholding Roe v. Wade . She would like to see a Constitutional Amendment to reverse Citizens' United. Donald Trump's First 100 Days Plan 
On the other hand, Trump's plan seems hostile to everyone. 
Trump would cancel many of President Obama executive orders on energy, climate, immigration, overtime, retirement, and more. And deport 'criminal' immigrants. He wants to institute a hiring freeze in the federal government. 
He wants to institute a multi-trillion-dollar tax cut. Of course, he wants to build the dumb wall. He wants to get rid of Obamacare and replace it with Health Savings Accounts and Interstate insurance marketing. He also wants to pick Supreme Court Justices that are more like the late Antonin Scalia. 
Trump also promised to introduce a constitutional amendment, but his would impose term limits on members of Congress. Then, he would sue every women who has or might still come forward to allege he sexually assaulted them. 
Both of these candidates have wildly different views, as you can tell, and both are ambitious. 
However, Hillary Clinton's ideas are better for the country. Donald Trump's plan will take us back into a recession. Cutting the taxes will just add onto the debt that we already have. Vote Blue on November 8! 
  her 100 days plan : 
Featured image via YouTube screenshot  
ARTICLE

Ted Boutrous is a successful lawyer. He is a well known litigator in one of the country's most prestigious law firms. In fact, they've represented people like Mark Cuban and Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg. 
He's a good guy, too! 
I know this because Boutrous has offered to represent anyone who is sued by Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump for exercising their right to free speech. 
And he won't charge you for it. I repeat: I will represent pro bono anyone #Trump sues for exercising their free speech rights. Many other lawyers have offered to join me. https://t.co/LJf6TtmGZU 
— Ted Boutrous (@BoutrousTed) October 22, 2016 
Boutrous is not alone, either. 
Laurence Tribe is a well known constitutional law professor at Harvard University. He's promising the same free defense of anyone sued by Trump just for telling the truth. You can count on me to help with this pro bono, @BoutrousTed https://t.co/hwC2K0TLCB 
— Laurence Tribe (@tribelaw) October 23, 2016 
Pretty cool! This restores my faith in Americans, for sure. 
It seems that there are a lot of people who are disgusted with Trump's constant threats to sue. USA Today reports that Trump has been involved in over 3, 500 lawsuits. He routinely uses the law to badger and intimidate his opponents. 
Trump has famously refused to pay contractors who have worked on his multi-million dollar projects. When those small companies ask for payment, Trump glibly tells them to take him to court, knowing that the costs would stop them from going forward. They end up settling for cents on the dollar, every time. 
He has also threatened to sue various media outlets when they report information that he doesn't like. Donald Trump threatens legal action against NBC over 'Access Hollywood' tape https://t.co/IWhwwHcHjz via @CNNMoney 
— andrew kaczynski (@KFILE) October 28, 2016 
Most recently, the Republican blowhard threatened to sue the women who have stepped forward to accuse him of sexual impropriety. 10,000 Lawyers offer to pay to represent @nytimes and take discovery from @realDonaldTrump https://t.co/w84vgcoyRs 
— Lance Tane (@LanceTane) October 13, 2016 
That threat, as well as his threats to sue the media, prompted the famous lawyer to send his original tweet offering a pro bono defense. The response to his offer has been excellent. Boutrous said : 'Ever since I sent that tweet, the outpouring from other lawyers and people who want to help is just incredible. It was so offensive to fundamental First Amendment values and democratic principles to have someone threaten to sue people who are criticizing him. The First Amendment is designed to protect exactly that kind of speech.' 
This is the part that Donald Trump seems incapable of understanding. It is a violation of the U.S. Constitution to deny people the right to speak freely, even if they criticize you. 
Having written my fair share of articles that criticize the big orange buffoon, I'm very happy to know these guys have my back! 
Featured image by Gage Skidmore via Flickr . Available through Creative Commons Attribution Share-Alike Generic License 2. 0 About Karen Shiebler 
Karen is a retired elementary school teacher with many years of progressive activism behind her. She is the proud mother of three young adults who were all arrested with Occupy Wall Street. To see what she writes about in her spare time, check out her blog at "Empty Nest, Full Life" Connect
ARTICLE

BUSTED: Eric Trump Admits Daddy 'Started The Conversation' About Obama's Birth Certificate (AUDIO) By Andrew Bradford on October 28, 2016 Subscribe 
Donald Trump has tried to deny that he is the person most responsible for keeping alive claims that President Obama wasn't born in the United States and is therefore not eligible to serve as President. The GOP nominee has been the chief proponent of what is now known as 'birtherism.' And yet when asked about the matter, Trump tries to shift the blame to Hillary Clinton and her campaign staff in the 2008 Democratic race. 
Now, however, we have proof that Trump was indeed the driving force of birtherism, and that proof comes from the mouth of his son, Eric. 
NBC news found audio of Eric Trump talking to biographer Michael D'Antonio, author of The Truth About Trump . In that audio, the Trump son admits: 'I think with the birthers it's, 'Okay, well, then, just prove it. Meaning these people are going out saying that which a lot of people were at the time. 'Then just show us. Just be transparent. You're the leader of the free world, be transparent.' There are underlying themes to this, and in fact, he has done his best to start the conversation that was unwilling to be had before. Now that conversation might flush itself out in one of several different ways. But at least the conversation is being had.' 
Yes, at least we are trying to question the nationality of the first African-American President in the history of the United States. Nothing nefarious or the least bit racist about that, is there? Bullshit! Donald Trump knew exactly what he was doing when he repeatedly called for President Obama to release his birth certificate, and he did so to garner media attention as he considered running for the GOP nomination years before he finally did. 
Donald Trump is a lying weasel and racist asshat who needs to be defeated soundly on November 8. He and his hateful ideas must be resoundingly rejected by the American people, who deserve better than the division he offers. 
Featured Image Via YouTube Screengrab About Andrew Bradford 
Andrew Bradford is a single father who lives in Atlanta. A member of the Christian Left, he has worked in the fields of academia, journalism, and political consulting. His passions are art, music, food, and literature. He believes in equal rights and justice for all. To see what else he likes to write about, check out his blog at Deepleftfield.info. Connect
ARTICLE

WATCH As A Trump Advisor Has A HISSY FIT When Asked About White Supremacist Supporters By Andrew Bradford   
Maybe you've noticed that in recent weeks the people who advise and speak on behalf of the Donald Trump campaign seem to be more angry and defensive than usual. No doubt that has something to do with the fact that they realize their candidate is about to lose badly on Election Day. 
The perfect example of this was provided last night by Trump senior advisor AJ Delgado, who was appearing with GOP strategist Rick Wilson, who is supporting third-party candidate Evan McMullin. When host Chris Hayes mentioned Trump's ties to white supremacists, Delgado got very agitated and said she was offended by the accusation. Hayes replied : 'I just want to distinguish between two claims. If you're a Trump supporter you're there for a racist or white supremacist which I would never say and don't think Rick would say. The people out there that are racist and white supremacist, they're overwhelmingly and publicly supporting Donald Trump.' 
Delgado yelled: 'That's not true!' 
Wilson then joined the conversation, telling Delgado: 'AJ, it is true. The people on the white supremacists alt-right movement in this country flock to Donald Trump.' 
Later in the debate, Delgado claimed that the average voter doesn't care about Trump's support from white supremacists such as David Duke, former Grand Wizard of the Ku Klux Klan (KKK). Wilson let Delgado have it for that comment: 'This is a guy who is feeding these people with a nod and a wink every single day. A guy who constantly denigrates women, Muslims, minorities in a host of different ways. I'm not saying every person who supports Donald Trump is a racist, that's absurd. Every racist you turn over — every time you turn over a rock and find a racist, they have a red MAGA hat on. There is not a — there's not a coincidence here.' 
Exactly! Trump has been playing footsie with neo-Nazis, the KKK, and other white supremacist/white nationalist groups since he started his campaign. For him or anyone who supports him to now appear offended when someone makes that connection is not only disingenuous, it's downright ludicrous. As the old saying goes, If you lie down with dogs, you wake up with fleas. 
Featured Image Via YouTube Screengrab About Andrew Bradford 
Andrew Bradford is a single father who lives in Atlanta. A member of the Christian Left, he has worked in the fields of academia, journalism, and political consulting. His passions are art, music, food, and literature. He believes in equal rights and justice for all. To see what else he likes to write about, check out his blog at Deepleftfield.info. Connect
ARTICLE

Bill Clinton: When Trump Says 'Make America Great Again,' He's Blowing A Dog Whistle (TWEET) By Darrell Lucus   
Donald Trump has spent most of the campaign blowing dog whistles to his supporters. For instance, he's gone as far as to claim that Hillary Clinton is in cahoots with 'international banks' –a 'polite' term for 'Jews.' Well, Bill Clinton told a crowd in North Carolina that Trump's campaign slogan may be the biggest dog whistle of all. 
The Big Dog was on the stump with state attorney general and Democratic gubernatorial candidate Roy Cooper in Cooper's hometown of Rocky Mount. While pushing his wife's economic and education plans, Clinton said that when Trump says he wants to 'make America great again,' he's all but announcing that he wants to stick it to the poor and minorities. 'I'm a white southerner – I know what 'Make America Great Again' means, and all of you of a certain age know exactly what it means. I didn't fall off this truck yesterday, I've heard this song a long time. It means first, I'll give you the economy you had 50 years ago, and second, I'll give you the society you had 50 years ago: I'll move you up and move somebody else down.' 
Bill actually used the slogan himself during his 1992 campaign. However, he's not at all fond of Trump's idea of greatness. 
This largely continues a theme Hillary has kept up for the entire campaign–trolling Trump's faux-populist slogans. If you'll remember, when Trump tried to counter the popular Hillary hashtag '#ImWithHer' with one of his own, '#ImWithYou,' Hillary's campaign team called it out for the dog whistle that it was. You* 
— Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) June 22, 2016 
At least one Trump supporter has already admitted that 'Make America Great Again' is a dog whistle. Earlier, when one of Trump's delegates from California, William Johnson, was outed as a white supremacist, he said that Trump wants to roll things back to the days when women were expected to stay in the kitchen. 
Despite the retrograde vision Trump has for the country, Clinton urged the crowd in Rocky Mount not to return the hate Trump and his supporters have displayed with hate of their own. 'Do not treat them with the anger they often display toward us – love them to death. Look at them and say, 'we need you.'' 
That, ladies and gentlemen, is why America is already great. Perhaps someone needs to remind Trump of that. After all, he's going to get a very sobering reminder of this on Election Day. 
( featured image courtesy Gage Skidmore, available under a Creative Commons BY-SA license) About Darrell Lucus 
Darrell is a 30-something graduate of the University of North Carolina who considers himself a journalist of the old school. An attempt to turn him into a member of the religious right in college only succeeded in turning him into the religious right's worst nightmare--a charismatic Christian who is an unapologetic liberal. His desire to stand up for those who have been scared into silence only increased when he survived an abusive three-year marriage. You may know him on Daily Kos as Christian Dem in NC . Follow him on Twitter @DarrellLucus or connect with him on Facebook . Click here to buy Darrell a Mello Yello. Connect
ARTICLE

They Don't Speak For Me'— Evangelical PhD SLAMS Religious Right Leaders Supporting Trump By Stephanie Kuklish   
Evangelical Christians have been major players in the 2016 elections with their unrelenting support of Republican presidential nominee, Donald Trump, but Alan Noble, Ph.D., is putting his foot down and letting the Religious Right know what they are doing is wrong. 
In a current op-ed for Vox , Noble takes to history, the Bible, and the way of the conservative to point out that somewhere in the recent past, Evangelicals have lost their sense of priority in the character of a man. When discussing the release of tapes where Trump was caught admitting to sexually assaulting women Noble stated: 'Evangelicalism has been sharply divided over Trump, and so my hope was that this tape would finally persuade the remaining evangelical defenders of Trump to abandon him. But for the most part, that's not what happened.' 
Just as we have seen numerous times in the media, while many Trump supporters were running in the other direction, there were still an enormous amount of influential conservatives battening down the hatches and riding through this storm, still defending the man. 
Men like Jerry Falwell Jr., Ben Carson, Tony Perkins, Mike Huckabee, and more , have either stayed steady with their support or have come back to the 'Trump Side,' shortly after jumping ship, all taking the stance that America should focus less on character and more on policy. Noble discusses the Christian Conservative view this election season by saying : 'Jalsevac makes explicit the logic of so many leaders on the religious right: Character is fundamentally private and only tangentially related the public work of policymaking and politics. Sin is still bad, but since we are all sinners, and since we are not electing a 'pastor in chief,' what matters most is what kind of president the candidates would be. The real is the political. Everything else is just style.' 
Here is the kicker, though, the pushing off of character and focusing on policy way of thinking for the Christian Conservative was the complete opposite when former President Bill Clinton confessed to his indiscretions while in office. In fact, the Southern Baptist Convention passed a ' Resolution on the Moral Characters of Public Officials ,' after Clinton's incident stating: 'WHEREAS, Some journalists report that many Americans are willing to excuse or overlook immoral or illegal conduct by unrepentant public officials so long as economic prosperity prevails; and WHEREAS, Tolerance of serious wrong by leaders sears the conscience of the culture, spawns unrestrained immorality and lawlessness in the society, and surely results in God's judgment (1 Kings 16:30; Isaiah 5:18-25); and … Therefore, be it RESOLVED, That we, the messengers to the Southern Baptist Convention, meeting June 9-11, 1998, in Salt Lake City, Utah, affirm that moral character matters to God and should matter to all citizens, especially God's people when choosing public leaders; and … Be it finally RESOLVED, That we urge all Americans to embrace and act on the conviction that character does count in public office, and to elect those officials and candidates who, although imperfect, demonstrate consistent honesty, moral purity, and the highest character.' 
Ultimately what this is saying is that if someone is placed in office with a severe lack of personal conviction, it can ultimately harm everyone involved; an entirely different viewpoint than the rhetoric they are putting forth about support for Donald Trump. And don't be mistaken, this position was held and represented as late as 2015 when Mike Huckabee responded during an interview to the millennial viewpoint of Bill Clinton's indiscretions by saying : 'Probably not, for two reasons. One, they were infants when it all happened. And the second reason is that growing up in a moral climate in which people just don't seem to care that much about other people's lives. They don't make the connection between personal character and public character. They don't seem to think that there is a correlation. I think there is. I think if a person will lie to an individual, they will lie to a country. I think if a person is not honest with themselves, they'll be dishonest with the voters. And so I do think character matters, I believe it always had. It doesn't mean we elect perfect people. We don't, we never have, we never will, but I do think that it matters that a person represents himself or herself with a level of authenticity and that doesn't always happen Hugh, and I do think it's one of the pitfalls of our current political environment.' Via Vox 
So while public figures like James Dobson endorse Trump with the, 'We are electing a commander-in-chief not a theologian-in-chief,' he was damning the idea of not holding Bill Clinton responsible for his moral character. In 1998, while President of Focus on the Family , Dobson wrote : 'As it turns out, character DOES matter. You can't run a family, let alone a country, without it. How foolish to believe that a person who lacks honesty and moral integrity is qualified to lead a nation and the world! Nevertheless, our people continue to say that the President is doing a good job even if they don't respect him personally. Those two positions are fundamentally incompatible. In the Book of James the question is posed, 'Can both fresh water and salt water flow from the same spring' (James 3:11 NIV). The answer is no.' 
It seems to me the winds of the religious, political race have changed drastically and not to fit the idea that the Bible represents, but to satisfy lead religious bodies in their political views. As we are condemned for our lack of character in our everyday lives, Trump's character is swept to the side as nothing more than a luxury for a political candidate. 
Featured Image Via The Daily Beast About Stephanie Kuklish 
I am a 30 something writer passionate about politics, the environment, human rights and pretty much everything that effects our everyday life. To stay on top of the topics I discuss, like and follow me at https://www.facebook.com/keeponwriting and https://facebook.com/progressivenomad . Connect
ARTICLE

Trump Spokesperson Katrina Pierson Caught In Blatant Lie, Threatened With Lawsuit (VIDEO) By Andrew Bradford   
The Donald Trump for President campaign is filled with liars. From the candidate himself to the people who attempt to defend him on television, the default position for anyone who gets a paycheck from Trump is dishonesty. And perhaps no one better personifies this than spokesperson Katrina Pierson, who went so far on CNN this morning that she was threatened with a lawsuit. 
Pierson appeared, along with Democratic strategist Angela Rye, and Pierson began her lies by saying the American middle class is in trouble due to the economic policies of the Obama administration. Rye countered with facts : 'I would like to go back to something Katrina mentioned, which was the middle class is hurting. Well I would go to what we've learned from the census bureau last year which is the middle class, and poor people, had the best year they've had ever since — in 2015. In quite some time rather. I won't say ever. It says that real median household income was $56,500 in 2015. That is an increase from $53,700 the year prior. I would also point to you the fact that the unemployment rate is much lower than when President Obama started.' 
Then host Carol Costello played a video clip of Trump referring to 'ghettos,' and that led Rye to comment: 'People like Donald Trump actually take for granted the fact that they have readily available access to capital.' 
Pierson began spitting and sputtering, so Rye told her: 'I know you don't want to hear this because the truth burns.' 
Unable to come up with a reasoned defense, Pierson went personal, alleging that when Rye worked for the Congressional Black Caucus (CBC), she 'ran (it) into the ground.' 
Rye replied: 'I ran the CBC into the ground? That's laughable.' 
When Carol Costello asked Pierson exactly what she was referring to, Pierson told her : 'The record is out there. Look at where the finances were.' 
Rye: 'Let me just help you. Good luck with that lie. That's crazy, what you're talking about. That's slander. I could sue you, Katrina.' 
Only problem is, if she did sue Pierson, she might not get much money. Pierson, you may recall, was arrested in 1997 for shoplifting and was also accused of illegally collecting unemployment benefits. Those who live in glass houses should never ever throw rocks at others, Katrina. 
Featured Image Via CNN Screengrab About Andrew Bradford 
Andrew Bradford is a single father who lives in Atlanta. A member of the Christian Left, he has worked in the fields of academia, journalism, and political consulting. His passions are art, music, food, and literature. He believes in equal rights and justice for all. To see what else he likes to write about, check out his blog at Deepleftfield.info. Connect
ARTICLE

Progressive Nomad: Renewed Hope For Protesters As Wild Buffalo Storm Over The Horizon (VIDEO) By Stephanie Kuklish   
During peaceful protest and prayer on Thursday, while police armed with weapons shot rubber bullets and bean bags into the crowd, the Native American water protectors fighting the Dakota Access Pipeline were in awe of hundreds of Bison that appeared, showing the warriors they were fighting too. 
Over 200 Native Americans were arrested for peaceful prayer after being bombarded by state and local police dressed in riot gear and using violent tactics on the unarmed warriors. Though the showing of the Bison didn't stop the corrupt police attacks it did bring a renewed sense of purpose to the tired but motivated crowd. 
The Bison is a potent symbol of Native American heritage. In a blog post about the incident, Davidica Littlespottedhorse explained the legend of the bison by stating : 'The great bison or buffalo of North America is a very powerful symbol to American Indians. Though best suited to cooler climates, bison roamed virtually in entire continent. The smaller woodlands bison and its bigger cousin, the plains bison were revered and honored in ceremony and everyday life. To the plains Indian, our Bison Brother meant sacred life and the abundance of the Creator's blessing on Mother Earth. The bison is powerful medicine that is a symbol of sacrifice and service to the community. The Bison people agreed to give their lives so the American Indian could have food, shelter, and clothing. The Bison is also a symbol of gratitude and honor as it is happy to accept its meager existence as it stands proud against the winds of adversity. The bison represents abundance of the Creator's bounty and respect for all creation knowing that all things are sacred.' 
The moment was awe inspiring. Take a look for yourself. 
Featured Image Via Prairie Edge/ Ray Tysdal About Stephanie Kuklish 
I am a 30 something writer passionate about politics, the environment, human rights and pretty much everything that effects our everyday life. To stay on top of the topics I discuss, like and follow me at https://www.facebook.com/keeponwriting and https://facebook.com/progressivenomad . Connect
ARTICLE

WATCH: Anti-LGBT Attack At Equality House – SHOTS FIRED (TWEETS) By Jordan Baranowski on October 28, 2016 Subscribe 
Planting Peace, a nonprofit organization dedicated to spreading peace in the world, purchased the house across the street from the Westboro Baptist Church in 2013. The organization soon painted the house the colors of the rainbow, started flying pride flags, and dubbed the home The Equality House to show support for the LGBT community. 
Over the last week, The Equality House has been targeted by vandals. It is yet another example of the anger and violence that has taken our country by storm during this ugly election season. Image Provided By Aaron Jackson , Via NBC News 
Aaron Jackson, the president of Planting Peace , was in the house on Sunday, October 23, when he heard noises outside. He called the police and discovered the house's pride flags had been thrown into the street. 
In addition, vandals had graffitied the phrase 'fuk fags' in black spray paint on the side of the house. 
Just a few days later, members of Planting Peace discovered seven bullet holes in a window of the house. Luckily, no one was inside at the time. Police are still investigating. 
The Equality House has long served as an important symbol for the LGBT community. Located in Topeka, the capital of Kansas, the house sits directly across the street from the Westboro Baptist Church. Westboro was founded by Fred Phelps, and members of the church regularly picket funerals, plays, and gay weddings, accompanied by a series of signs with offensive slogans like 'God Hates Fags.' 
There is currently no evidence that the Westboro Baptist Church or its members were responsible for the attacks. 
Speaking with Huffington Post , Jackson said of the issues facing the country and the LGBT community: 'The blatant acts of hate we experience at the Equality House mirror the acts of hate and discrimination our LGBT family experiences every day. Planting Peace has seen an increase in hate mail, death threats and physical acts of vandalism and violence over the past three months. According to the FBI, the LGBT community is more likely to experience a hate crime than any other minority group.' 
Even as these attacks continue, Planting Peace will continue to preach peace, love, and acceptance. Not long after the attacks, they tweeted out the following : 
— Equality House (@Equality_House) October 27, 2016 
Thoughts and prayers are nice, but if you really want to help Planting Peace, check out their website and donate to their cause. 
Featured Image By Aaron Jackson Via NBC News About Jordan Baranowski 
Jordan is a writer and teacher based out of Kansas City. Connect
ARTICLE

WATCH: Embattled GOP Senator Just Killed His Campaign With This Racist Remark By Carrie MacDonald on October 28, 2016 
Senator Mark Kirk (R-Ill.) faced Representative Tammy Duckworth (D-Ill.) in a debate last night, and he decided to go full racist and question her family's military service. Kirk Goes Low … Again 
Sen. Kirk is battling to retain his Senate seat, and his chances of doing so get slimmer by the day. In last night's debate, he made a racist comment to Rep. Duckworth that may put the final nail in the coffin of his re-election bid. 
Both candidates in the race are military veterans, and Rep. Duckworth was speaking about her own service as well as that of her family. She said : 'My family has served this nation in uniform going back to the Revolution. I am a daughter of the American Revolution. I've bled for this nation. But I still want to be there in the Senate when the drums of war sound — because people are quick to sound the drums of war — and I want to be there to say, 'This is what it costs. This is what you're asking us to do. And if that's the case, I'll go.' Families like mine are the ones that lead first. But let's make sure the American people understand what we are engaging in. And let's hold our allies accountable because we can't do it all.' 
Sen. Kirk was given the customary 30 seconds to respond. However, rather than respond with dignity and grace, he chose to take the low road, saying: 'I had forgotten that your parents came all the way from Thailand to serve George Washington.' 
Rep. Duckworth was born in Bangkok to a mother of Thai-Chinese descent and an American father. 
And yes, her family's military service on her father's side can indeed be traced back to the American Revolution. 
Kirk's comment, made to a woman who lost both her legs and nearly lost her right arm in Iraq, was racist and indefensible. I find myself wondering what he possibly thought he could gain by making it. His campaign has come forward to say that Kirk 'honors her family's service.' If that's true, he has a strange way of showing it. 
The junior senator has come under fire in the past for lying about his own military service. 
As for Rep. Duckworth, she simply smiled and let the moderator move on. My guess is she was thinking of how nice 'Senator Tammy Duckworth' sounds, because Kirk may as well just bow out gracefully now. 
Watch the exchange here, and remember to vote on November 8: 
Featured Images by Lance Cheung and Daniel X. O'Nell via Flickr under a CC By 2.0 license About Carrie MacDonald 
Carrie is a progressive mom and wife living in the upper Midwest. Connect
ARTICLE

APOCALYPSE NOW: Trump Voters Warn Of 'Revolution' If Clinton Wins By Andrew Bradford on October 28, 2016 Subscribe 
There's nothing wrong with being passionate when it comes to your political beliefs and the candidate you support. In an electorate as deeply divided as we currently see in this country, you expect no less. But ask yourself this question: If your candidate loses, are you ready to take up arms and try to overthrow the government? For some who ardently support GOP nominee Donald Trump, the answer is a resounding yes. 
Take for example Jared Halbrook, who lives in Green Bay, Wisconsin, and told the New York Times : 'People are going to march on the capitols. They're going to do whatever needs to be done to get her out of office, because she does not belong there. 'If push comes to shove, (Clinton) has to go by any means necessary, it will be done.' 
Roger Pillath said he also sees violence on the horizon if Clinton is elected: 'It's not what I'm going to do, but I'm scared that the country is going to go into a riot. I've never seen the country so divided, just black and white — there's no compromise whatsoever. The Clinton campaign says together we are stronger, but there's no together. The country has never been so divided. I'm looking at revolution right now.' 
As Trump continues to talk of the election being 'rigged,' his words are having an effect on people like Paul Swick, who had this ominous warning: 'If she comes after the guns, it's going to be a rough, bumpy road. I hope to God I never have to fire a round, but I won't hesitate to. As a Christian, I want reformation. But sometimes reformation comes through bloodshed.' 
Retired truck driver Alan Weegens envisions a very dark future for the United States and says he's ready to do whatever is necessary: 'I am not going to take my weapon to go out into the streets to protest an election I did not win. But I think that if certain events came about, a person would need to protect themselves, depending on where they lived, when your neighborhood goes up in flames.' 
See if you can recall the last time we heard this kind of violent talk which led to actions by far right nuts who were inspired to be 'heroes' in their own minds. The year was 1995 and Bill Clinton was President. Timothy McVeigh parked a rental truck loaded with explosives outside the Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City and killed 168 innocent Americans, including children. Words can have consequences. 
Featured Image Via PBS About Andrew Bradford 
Andrew Bradford is a single father who lives in Atlanta. A member of the Christian Left, he has worked in the fields of academia, journalism, and political consulting. His passions are art, music, food, and literature. He believes in equal rights and justice for all. To see what else he likes to write about, check out his blog at Deepleftfield.info. Connect
ARTICLE

George Takei Invited To Thanksgiving At The Baldwins' To Referee Trump Feud (TWEETS/VIDEO) By Natalie Dailey   
This has been one of the craziest election seasons in our lifetimes. Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump is saying incredibly disgusting and insulting things just about every day. It has caused major angst and arguments among many families. 
A famous family, the Baldwins, has been arguing about the candidates on Twitter. The youngest brother, Stephen Baldwin, supports Trump, and he had a heated Twitter exchange with his brother, Billy. 
Star Trek actor George Takei, retweeted the exchange: Waiting for Alec as Trump to weigh in, bigly. pic.twitter.com/ZaVkmO4SQy 
— George Takei (@GeorgeTakei) October 27, 2016 
Billy Baldwin weighed in again when he said: Hey George… you want to come to Thanksgiving this year? 
We are going to need a referee. 
— Billy Baldwin (@BillyBaldwin) October 28, 2016 
Their older brother, Alec Baldwin, has played Donald Trump on Saturday Night Live for several sketches now. Alec did such a good job, that it drew the attention of whiny baby Trump, who said : 'Watched 'Saturday Night Live' hit job on me. Time to retire the boring and unfunny show. Alec Baldwin portrayal stinks. Media rigging election!' 
Stephen Baldwin also weighed in on his older brother's Trump impression when he said : 'Well, he's got the voice down very wellI. I think it's getting a little too nasty right now. I don't think it's very funny. I don't think there's anything funny about this election. I think it's very serious.[sic]' 
Stephen Baldwin is definitely an ardent Trump supporter. He posts lots of tweets supporting the Oompa Loompa for president. Mr. President …
ARTICLE

Did Trump TV Just Get Axed Before It Even Hits The Air? By Darrell Lucus   
For much of the summer and fall, there's been talk that if Donald Trump loses to Hillary Clinton, he will launch a right-leaning cable news channel. Well, it turns out someone may have just axed this latest Trump deal before it even got off the ground. The trademark for the network's most likely name has already been snapped up –by of all people, a Democrat. 
Earlier this week, the Trump campaign launched a live newscast on Trump's Facebook page, complete with guests. The campaign branded it as 'TrumpTV,' leading to speculation that it was a test for a Trump-branded network. The Trump campaign has been mulling such a venture since the primaries . 
However, they may have reckoned without Mark Grabowsky, a public health doctor from Manhattan and a lifelong Democrat. Grabowsky told Fortune magazine that he was watching on the debates when, purely at random, he did a search for 'Trump TV'–and discovered that the trademark was still available. He filed copyright protection for it, jokingly describing it as a chance to 'get Russian investment money, go bankrupt, take a big claim and not pay taxes.' 
Grabowsky says he has no plans to actually launch a network, leading trademark expert Ann Ford to suggest that his claim could get axed by the U. S. Patent and Trademark Office. But this could still have the effect of pulling the plug on Trump's planned network. If the trademark office decides not to award the trademark to Grabowsky, he would have six months to respond–possibly longer than that, if he strings out the process. 
Ford says that on paper, Trump would have an advantage in any trademark dispute given his fame, which gives him 'a kind of superpower.' But if others file for the trademark before Trump can do so, it will make it that much more difficult for Trump to claim it. That could cost Trump valuable time spent on promoting his new network, as well as getting cable and satellite providers to carry it. 
So when all is said and done, one of the richest men in the world may have had his latest venture axed because he was slow on the draw to get the trademark locked up. That would be more than fitting, given how anemic Trump's campaign has been at actually selling itself to voters. The cratering of Trump's brand may have already started. 
( featured image courtesy Michael Vadon, available under a Creative Commons BY-SA license) About Darrell Lucus 
Darrell is a 30-something graduate of the University of North Carolina who considers himself a journalist of the old school. An attempt to turn him into a member of the religious right in college only succeeded in turning him into the religious right's worst nightmare--a charismatic Christian who is an unapologetic liberal. His desire to stand up for those who have been scared into silence only increased when he survived an abusive three-year marriage. You may know him on Daily Kos as Christian Dem in NC . Follow him on Twitter @DarrellLucus or connect with him on Facebook . Click here to buy Darrell a Mello Yello. Connect
ARTICLE

Louisiana Election Officials Seize Voting Machine Illegally Placed In Private Room For 'VIP Voters' (VIDEO) By Stephanie Kuklish   
Election officials in Louisiana seized a voting machine on Wednesday that's purpose was to serve 'VIP' voters so that they could skip voting lines, an illegal and suspicious tactic by the longtime Jeffrey Parish Registrar Of Voters, Dennis DiMarco. 
The unique voter machine was kept in a conference room and only allowed 'special' citizens to use it. Allegedly it was meant for the purpose of allowing citizens such as police officers, fireman, emergency physicians, and anyone else with a job that may keep them from being available during voting hours. 
Meg Casper, a spokeswoman for Louisiana Secretary of State Tom Schedler's office, told the Huffington Post that the machine was seized immediately and the user's names have been retrieved. Schedler wrote a letter to DiMarco stating : 'I feel this action is necessary to preserve the transparency and integrity of early voting and to promote confidence within the general public regarding the voting process.' 
Louisiana state law says that : 'Each voting machine shall be placed inside the polling place and shall be in full view of the public from the time the election begins until the last elector has voted. The commissioners and watchers shall be stationed near the voting machines, and the commissioners shall regulate the admission of the voters thereto, and each shall always be in full view of the other election commissioners and watchers and, as far as possible, of the public.' 
Apparently the Registrar of Voters, DiMarco, wasn't aware of his own laws and replied with a statement saying: 
'There was no fraudulent votes; they're no allegations about that. No allegations of anyone voting who was not entitled to vote. Now, we've turned down everybody. So no one gets preferential treatment. But again, that means that those firemen, those policemen, are standing up rather than maybe doing their duty on the streets.' 
If Louisiana requires every police officer, firemen, and other emergency personnel to work every day all day long then maybe we should be taking a look at that instead of refusing to acknowledge the law. 
Or maybe the Republican party should stop pushing so hard for limited early voting hours after fanning the flames of Republican presidential nominee's unfounded claims that the election is rigged. Featured Image Via Gambit About Stephanie Kuklish 
I am a 30 something writer passionate about politics, the environment, human rights and pretty much everything that effects our everyday life. To stay on top of the topics I discuss, like and follow me at https://www.facebook.com/keeponwriting and https://facebook.com/progressivenomad . Connect
ARTICLE

Trump Jr. Suspiciously Helps Arizona Woman Push Stalled Car, Uses It As A Photo Op (VIDEO) By Stephanie Kuklish   
It is amazing how Trump Jr., known for his rich boy attitude, would suddenly feel the need to get out and help push a stalled car while campaigning in, the now swing state, Arizona . 
Of course, he didn't leave without a photo op or video footage being recorded. Tyler Bower, the Maricopa County Republican Party Chairman, posted the footage on Twitter and told the Arizona Republic : 'She was just stunned. She was taken aback.' This is why I'm voting Trump! @DonaldJTrumpJr helping push a ladies car off the road in 101 degree heat in Arizona after a rally today #MAGA pic.twitter.com/ngp1ZhS8Wm 
— Tyler Bowyer (@conservatyler) October 27, 2016 
Even the woman who Trump Jr. helped was extremely surprised that any politician would stop to push a car to the side of the road. And seeing as Arizona has been stampeded by Republican rallies this season, it's a little hard to believe this just happened to take place in Arizona. AZCentral talked about Trump's presence in the swing state stating : 'Donald Trump, whose grip on Arizona's 11 electoral votes appears to be in jeopardy, will appear in downtown Phoenix for a Saturday rally, his seventh Arizona event this election season.' 
Arizona, a historically red state through and through, has now been determined as a swing state for the 2016 election season. Arizona residents began evening out their party preference when Republican presidential nominee, Donald Trump, started making insane remarks about building walls to keep out immigrants and having Mexico pay for it. We are sure his tasteless conversations and sexual assault allegations didn't help the situation at all. 
Arizona being a border state is no stranger to immigrant issues, but even with Trump's hardcore attack on border patrol, Arizona residents still think he is a little hard to swallow. A collaborated effort between The Arizona Republic , Morrison Institute For Public Policy , and The Cronkite School of Journalism and Mass Communication resulted in a poll showing Democratic presidential nominee, Hillary Clinton pulling ahead of Trump in the election. Data from Arizona Republic/Morrison/Cronkite News poll from Oct.10-15,2016 
If Arizona votes for Hillary Clinton it will be the second non-red candidate that Arizona has ever voted for, the last being Mrs. Clinton's husband, Bill Clinton in 1996. 
Though Trump Jr. made an interesting choice when showing his caring side, we still don't think it will help his dad win over, what should have been, one of the easiest states for the Trump campaign to snag. 
Featured Image Via Tyler Bowyer/Twitter About Stephanie Kuklish 
I am a 30 something writer passionate about politics, the environment, human rights and pretty much everything that effects our everyday life. To stay on top of the topics I discuss, like and follow me at https://www.facebook.com/keeponwriting and https://facebook.com/progressivenomad . Connect
ARTICLE

Alt-Right Architect Glenn Beck Opens Fire On Alt-Right: 'Grave Threat To The Republic' (AUDIO, TWEET) By Darrell Lucus   
Glenn Beck was, by all accounts, the primary architect of the tea party. Yet, he has become an unrelenting critic of one of its loudest descendants, the alt-right. He issued his sharpest critique to date on Friday's edition of 'The Glenn Beck Program,' saying that this white supremacist and Islamophobic movement represents a clear and present danger to this country's very existence. 
During the first hour of Friday's show, Beck, a charter member of the 'NeverTrump' movement, declared that the alt-right represented nothing less than a 'grave threat to the republic.' The alt-right, as many of you know, has rallied behind Donald Trump, and effectively took control of the Trump campaign when Breitbart chairman Stephen Bannon became campaign CEO. 
Breitbart is widely reckoned as the main mouthpiece of the alt-right, and Bannon is the main architect of the effort to give the alt-right a place at the table on the wingnut fringe. has a very clear design for where he wants to take the alt-right after the campaign. Apparently it includes building closer ties between the alt-right and the rest of the wingnut fringe. He plans to speak at David Horowitz''Restoration Weekend' two days after the election. This gathering is a known hotspot for right-wing bile of the worst type. 
However, Beck claimed, the alt-right would have likely blossomed without Trump. . @glennbeck : This has nothing to do with @realDonaldTrump or @HillaryClinton … it would be happening with someone like @tedcruz in as well. 
— TheBlaze Radio (@TheBlazeRadio) October 28, 2016 
How's that, you ask? Well, Beck argued, the American alt-right seems to be taking its cue from the European far right. Listen here. 
Beck said that Bannon and the rest of the American alt-right think along the same lines as the far right in Europe–'burn the entire thing down, and out of the chaos, we will rise.' He's apparently referring to an email exchange between Bannon and Breitbart reporter Matt Doyle from 2014, in which they discussed plans to 'turn on the hate' in order to make it easier to 'burn this bitch down.' He claimed that neither Trump nor even his most ardent supporters know this. 
Beck was actually building on a Facebook post from Thursday night, in which he shared an article in the New York Observer–ironically, owned by Trump's son-in-law, Jared Kushner–detailing the links between Russia and far-right elements in Europe. In a lengthy commentary on Facebook, Beck claimed that there are disturbing parallels between far-right tactics in Europe and the alt-right's tactics here in this country. Just like the European far right, the alt-right in this country is extremely fixated on 'cultural preservation and homogenity.' 
He also argued that the Kremlin may already be funding 'dangerous people' in the United States. For that reason, Beck claimed, the alt-right is 'a great danger to the republic,' and must be rooted out by true conservatives. He promised to do chalkboards on these links after the election, but was reluctant to do so now because 'right now it would be viewed as pro or anti C or T.' 
I never thought I'd see the day that I would find myself agreeing with Beck. After all, as we've seen already, Trump has more or less twiddled his thumbs while alt-right trolls acting on his behalf have brutally attacked and threatened anyone who dares speak out against him. Moreover, the alt-right has made no secret of its vicious anti-Semitism; they were the bottom-feeders behind ' echoes ,' an attempt to flag Jewish-sounding names online. 
But if these people are 'a great danger to the republic,' Glenn, why wait until after the election to tell us more? I suspect that Beck is afraid that he'll have to admit that he was the architect of most of the bile we saw from the tea party–including its resistance to any form of compromise. That mentality seems to have passed on to the alt-right. Perhaps Beck himself hasn't seen it yet–or doesn't want to see it. 
Still, when the architect of the tea party sounds like a voice of sanity, there can no longer any doubt–the GOP civil war is well under way. 
( featured image courtesy Gage Skidmore, available under a Creative Commons BY-SA license) About Darrell Lucus 
Darrell is a 30-something graduate of the University of North Carolina who considers himself a journalist of the old school. An attempt to turn him into a member of the religious right in college only succeeded in turning him into the religious right's worst nightmare--a charismatic Christian who is an unapologetic liberal. His desire to stand up for those who have been scared into silence only increased when he survived an abusive three-year marriage. You may know him on Daily Kos as Christian Dem in NC . Follow him on Twitter @DarrellLucus or connect with him on Facebook . Click here to buy Darrell a Mello Yello. Connect
ARTICLE

Earth To Ammosexuals: NRA Admits No One Is Coming For Your Guns! (VIDEO) By Natalie Dailey   
For decades, gun-toting, ammosexual Right Wing Nut Jobs have claimed that the government is going to take their guns away. 
The National Rifle Association (NRA) has been preaching this kind of crap 'news' for years, and blaming it on Democratic presidents. It turns out that the organization has finally admitted that this is a lie. 
When asked about it, President Barack Obama said : 'I'm about to leave office. There have been more guns sold since I've been president than just about any time in U.S. history. There are enough guns for every man, woman and child in this country. And at no point have I ever proposed confiscating guns from responsible gun owners. So it is just not true.' 
The NRA responded with : 'Congress writes the laws, not the president. He could then have listed the many attacks on the right to bear arms — from Operation Fast and Furious to Operation Choke Point to Obama's attempted ban on common ammunition for AR-15-type rifles to his using a 'pen and phone' to push anti-gun executive actions. But Rhude respectfully stayed silent.' 
Even if Congress and the president were able to pass such a law, the Supreme Court would rule it unconstitutional if challenged since they would be going against the Second Amendment. 
Not only has the NRA lied about taking away guns, but Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump is spreading that BS as well. He said this about it back in May: 'Hillary Clinton wants to abolish the Second Amendment. She wants to abolish it. Hillary Clinton wants to take your guns away and she wants to abolish the Second Amendment. She wants to take the bullets away. She wants to take it.' 
Americans really need to stop listening to these fear-mongering idiots. No one is coming after your guns. We need to keep guns out of the hands of people who abuse them and commit crimes with them. 
Here is a clip from The Daily Show about Obama's last batch of gun control executive orders : 
Featured image via YouTube screenshot . About Natalie Dailey 
Hi, I'm from Huntsville, AL. I'm a Liberal living in the Bible Belt, which can be quite challenging at times. I'm passionate about many issues including mental health, women's rights, gay rights, and many others. Check out my blog abravealabamaatheist.com. Check out my other blog weneedtotalkaboutmentalhealth.com Connect
ARTICLE

Hillary Clinton Is DEFINITELY Going To Win. Here's How We Know (DETAILS) By Carrie MacDonald   
The famous electoral prognosticator Larry Sabato recently shocked a CNN host when he boldly proclaimed that he believed Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton would win the presidency with 352 electoral votes. Looking at the math, though 352 may be a stretch, we WILL inaugurate the first woman president on January 20, 2017. The Road To 270 
As I discussed in detail in my Electoral College 101 piece for Liberal America , a presidential candidate must win 270 of the 538 total electoral college votes in order to win the presidency. It is possible for this to happen even when a candidate does not win the popular vote, as we saw in the election of 2000. 
As it stands now, with fewer than two weeks to go, Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump could win all the states that are expected to vote red, including the ones that just 'lean' Republican, AND every single swing state, and he still will not win the election. All those states would give him just 245 votes. That's 25 short of a win. 
On the other hand, if Clinton wins every state that is expected to vote blue, as she is expected to do, she will have 293 electoral votes. The Cook Political Scorecard And FiveThirtyEight 
The Cook Political Report , a non-partisan newsletter, published the following scorecard on October 27, 2016: Screenshot via The Cook Political Report 
As you can see, the math looks grim for the Donald. If he wins the 179 votes he's expected to win PLUS the 66 that are the tossup votes, he's still short. 
The Cook report still has Florida as a tossup (swing) state. However, Nate Silver's current projection for that state — the most coveted of all swing states in any presidential race — has Clinton winning. Screenshot via Fivethirtyeight.com 
The New York Times has a great interactive tool on The Upshot portion of their website as well. The tool assumes certain electoral votes going to each candidate, and you can try different scenarios to see how many paths to victory each candidate has. As the math goes, if you give every blue state shown above to Clinton, she wins. The Upshot puts Clinton's chances of winning at 92 percent. 
Basically, only something monumentally catastrophic will cause her to lose this election. You Still Have To VOTE 
Of course, despite our headline here, everyone still has to vote to make this a reality. If Democrats get complacent, then that map could get a lot redder. That's what tends to happen in 'off-year' elections, since the Republicans are a lot more likely to get out and vote. It's why we have a House of Representatives that has been gerrymandered to the point that it's nearly impossible for the Democrats to regain control of it. 
In 2012, House Democrats received more votes than Republicans, yet the Republicans retained control. Why? Redistricting. Had more Democrats voted in 2010, we may not be in such a predicament. Districts are redrawn at least once every 10 years, and the party that controls each state's legislature generally tends to redraw them to their party's favor. While some (myself included) may argue that districts should be drawn in a much more equitable manner, the fact remains that, currently, the party in power draws the district to their favor. 
So go out and vote. Not just this year, but in every election. Every time. Vote in your local elections. Vote in primaries and general elections. Make your voice heard. 
And let's make this map even more blue.
ARTICLE

BREAKING: Miami Woman BUSTED On Election Fraud — Guess Which Party It Benefited? By Karen Shiebler   
We have all heard Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump whining about voter fraud. He has been repeating the idea to his followers, encouraging them to go to the polls to watch out for the 'rigged' election . 
Naturally, Trump and his minions are warning that the election is being stolen from him. His accusations imply that Democrats are stealing votes from Republicans. 
Election officials in all of the key states, many of whom are Republicans themselves, have assured the candidate that the election is not in fact rigged. 
Now, however, we have some actual proof of voter fraud. 
The Miami Herald reports that a 74 year old Florida woman has been arrested in Miami Dade county, after witnesses noted that she was marking ballots. The woman, Gladys Coego, was a temporary worker hired by the county elections office. She was supposed to be opening ballots that had been mailed in to the office. 
Her job was to simply check for any paper tears. Instead, in violation of the law, she looked for ballots that had not been marked for the mayoral vote. On those ballots, she marked the name of Republican candidate Raquel Regalado. 
At least one coworker saw her marking those ballots before turning them in, and reported her actions to supervisors. 
A supervisor then observed her using a pen that she'd snuck into the office to mark the ballots. Having been caught by the boss, Coego admitted what she had done. No reason was given, and there are no known ties between Coego and the Regalado campaign. 
Ms. Coego turned herself in to the Turner Guilford Knight Correctional Center. It is expected that she will be charged with two counts of felony for illegally marking other people's ballots. 
There are only two counts because only two of the ballots were definitely changed by Ms. Coego. Authorities do think, though, that more ballots were affected, based on what her coworkers observed. 
So why did this older lady run the risk of changing the marks on official ballots? 
Why, because she really wanted the Republican candidate for mayor to win, that's why. Although she herself is registered without a party affiliation, the votes that she changed were in favor of the Republican Regalado. 
So. It still looks like the Trump campaign is dead wrong when it claims there is 'widespread' voter fraud going on. And it looks like they're wrong about which side is cheating, too. 
I swear. You can't make this stuff up. 
Featired image via YouTube Screengrab . 
About Karen Shiebler 
Karen is a retired elementary school teacher with many years of progressive activism behind her. She is the proud mother of three young adults who were all arrested with Occupy Wall Street. To see what she writes about in her spare time, check out her blog at "Empty Nest, Full Life" Connect
ARTICLE

Bundy Brothers Acquitted For Takeover Of Oregon Wildlife Refuge (DETAILS) By Kay Smythe   
A group of anti-government protesters, led by brothers Ammon and Ryan Bundy have been acquitted of federal conspiracy and weapons charges. This comes after almost a year since the group staged an armed takeover of a federal wildlife sanctuary in Oregon last winter. 
All seven defendants were acquitted by a Federal District Court. Swayed Jury 
The decision came as a surprise to government prosecutors, who had argued that the group used force and threats of violence to occupy the reserve. Despite this, the jury was taken by the group's protest of government overreach. They also believed the group posed no threat to the public. 
Ryan Bundy's wife, Angela Bundy , said this following the court's decision: 'I knew that what my husband was doing was right, but I was nervous because the judge was controlling the narrative. But they saw the truth. I am just so grateful they saw it.' What Happened? 
The original crime of the group consisted of occupying a remote wildlife reserve in the south-east of Oregon. The group held the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge headquarters for nearly six weeks in 2015. 
As a group, the defendants never denied their occupation. However, their lawyers argued that the prosecutors had failed to prove that they had committed any crimes. 
Their lawyers also stated that the Bundy brothers and five friends did not engage in an illegal conspiracy to keep federal workers from doing their jobs. 
Despite this, all members of the group were charged with conspiracy to impede federal employees from discharging their duties. They also faced federal weapons charges. Cleared Of All Crimes Except For One 
Though the acquittals were unanimous, Ryan Bundy has still been charged with theft. He removed cameras around the refuge, which are government property. 
Oregon's governor, Kate Brown , has said she is disappointed in the court's decision. Said said: 'The occupation of the Malheur Reserve did not reflect the Oregon way of respectfully working together to resolve differences.' Religious Beliefs 
Ammon Bundy testified in his defense for three days. He claimed the takeover was spontaneous and informed by religious beliefs. Many of the protesters that joined the brothers and their group also had a distrust of government. 
Most of those involved have reportedly been very outspoken on their apprehensions of federal government. Many of them left their jobs and homes to join the protest. 
Despite the verdict, the Judge moved to keep the brothers in federal custody as a result of pending charges in Nevada. About Kay Smythe 
Kay Smythe is a freelance writer, social geographer, and senior writer at Anthony Gilardi's HIPPO LIFE. She was first published by Guardian Travel in the mid-2000s, which earned her the editorship at her college newspaper in 2010. From there, Smythe was opinion and news editor with The Tab, whilst maintaining a blog with Huffington Post. Her works featured interviews with Oscar and Emmy nominated actors. In early 2016, Smythe was awarded an O1 VISA. She lives and works in Venice, California, and loves it. Connect
ARTICLE

Subscribe 
One thing that seems to unite most Americans is the collective disgust for the members of the Westboro Baptist Church and their antics. Many organizations and individuals have shown action in addressing this nuisance and that includes the creation of online petitions to the White House. See the five petitions — which call for the removal of Westboro Baptist Church's 501(c)(3) status and legal recognition as a hate group — in the screen-capture below: 
It took the White House a while to respond, but when they did, it was inspiring. In the Official White Response to Westboro Baptist Church petitions , the White House explained that their options are limited. 
To the extent that these petitions request a particular law enforcement or adjudicatory action, we cannot issue a comment. In addition, as a matter of practice, the federal government doesn't maintain a list of hate groups. 
However, as is characteristic of our president and his administration, they found another way to respond to the Westboro Baptist Church petitions — with a heartfelt message and visual. 
[…] one of the remarkable things about this set of petitions is that it shows just how strong the bonds that unite us can be. Together, we're more resilient than those who would try to drive us apart. 
The White House noted that the signers of the petitions were nationwide, but densely clustered in a couple of specific areas: 
Take, for instance, this map of all the signers of the petition 'Legally recognize Westboro Baptist Church as a hate group'— that we built with the zip codes that people chose to share with us when they signed. The darker color indicates a higher percentage of signers for that particular area's population. While support for these petitions came from all over the country, it was densely clustered in two places that have unique insight into the actions of the Westboro Baptist Church — Kansas, the state the church calls home, and Newtown, Connecticut, where the church threatened to picket the funerals of those killed at Sandy Hook Elementary. 

The Westboro Baptist Church makes a practice of picketing the funerals of activists, Jewish leaders, gay people, soldiers, and….well, just about everyone. Fred Phelps,the leader of the group, is an attorney and is reputed by many sources to be a con-man who engages in controversial activities so that he can subsequently sue when officials, in their attempts to protect the rights of other people, violate the church's rights. He is careful to not actually break the law 
The White House response is amazing and correct. The disrespect that the Westboro Baptist Church shows our fallen soldiers serves to draw Americans together in unity and respect for that which we hold sacred. 
The graves of our veterans are hallowed ground, and when men and women die in the service of their country and are laid to rest, it should be done with the utmost honor and respect. – President Barack Obama 
Silhouetted image by via Google Images by Life Magazine 
About Tiffany Willis 
Tiffany Willis is a fifth-generation Texan, a proponent of voluntary simplicity, a single mom, and the founder and editor-in-chief of Liberal America. An unapologetic member of the Christian Left, she has spent most of her career actively working with 'the least of these" -- disadvantaged and oppressed populations, the elderly, people living in poverty, at-risk youth, and unemployed people. She is a Certified Workforce Expert with the National Workforce Institute , a NAWDP Certified Workforce Development Professional, and a certified instructor for Franklin Covey's 7 Habits of Highly Effective Teens . Follow her on Twitter , Facebook , or LinkedIn . She also has a grossly neglected personal blog , a Time Travel blog , a site dedicated to encouraging people to read classic literature 15 minutes a day , and a literary quotes blog that is a labor of love . Find her somewhere and join the discussion. Click here to buy Tiff a mojito. Connect
ARTICLE

Trump Mistakes Ex-Marine Black Supporter For Protester, Calls Him A 'Thug' (TWEET/VIDEO) By Grownmangrumbles on October 28, 2016 Subscribe 
Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump has a few problems when it comes to Black voters. To look at the polls, you'd wonder if there is a single Black person in the entire country who is willing to give him the time of the day. They do show up, of course. Sure, sometimes they turn out to be ex-cult members turned jazz singing GOP fanatics . Sure, sometimes they are faded celebrities who accidentally use the 'N' word on stage. But you know, sometimes it's a Marine or Navy serviceman who has somehow managed to look past the debase insults , juvenile tantrums , and transparent lies of the GOP's great orange hope. 
It's such a damn shame that Trump can't tell one group from another. They All Look The Same To Trump 
His recent attempts at rebooting his campaign's standing with Black people was something of a fiasco . It failed in part because it's way too late for Trump to distance himself from close ties to White supremacy and antisemitism . 
But it also failed because his image of the lives of Black people is that it is one of nasty, brutish, Dickensian squalor. Indeed, it's so out of touch-offensive that even his plans to help struggling Black communities come across as being unforgivably racist. 
It's little wonder, then, that when Trump saw a black face at his rally in Kinston, North Carolina, his razor-sharp mind kicked in. He jumped to the kind of conclusion you'd expect from a man with less racial sensitivity than a 19th century British naval officer. 
He assumed the man was a protester. Different Strokes Of The Pen 
Sixty-three-year-old ex-Marine C.J. Cary was on a mission. Though a die-hard Republican, he had been deeply shocked by some of the things Trump has said. In an effort to reason with him, he penned a letter that, according to the Charlette Observer : '… [Urged] Trump to be less offensive and more inclusive to four demographic groups: black people, women, people with disabilities and college students.' 
He never got to deliver the note. 
He made his way toward the front rows shouting 'Donald' and waving his document, trying to attract the nominees attention. It worked. Sort of. 'We have a protester!' Trump told the crowd, adding : 'By the way,were you paid $1,500 to be a thug?' Trump calls black supporter a "thug," has him kicked out of a rally in North Carolina. https://t.co/b4gkI6qx9v pic.twitter.com/eJKuu0CLRi 
— Jason Sparks (@sparksjls) October 28, 2016 
As the long time Republican voter was escorted from the venue he made one final attempt to get his note to the man who would be king : 'I said, 'I was trying to get to this doc to Mr. Donald … will you get this to Donald?'' 
The official promised he would pass along the note. Having been treated to some common courtesy at last, Cary set off back home to watch the election coverage with that same horrified expression that we've all become so accustomed to. 
By the way, this wasn't the first time a Trump supporter has been mistaken for a protester simply because he wasn't the right color: 
Featured Image via Twitter About Grownmangrumbles 
I'm a full- time, somewhat unwilling resident of the planet Earth. I studied journalism at Murdoch University in West Australia and moved back to the UK where I taught politics and studied for a PhD. I've written a number of books on political philosophy that are mostly of interest to scholars. I'm also a seasoned travel writer so I get to stay in fancy hotels for free. I have a pet Lizard called Rousseau. We have only the most cursory of respect for one another. Connect
ARTICLE

Former DOJ Spokesman SLAMS 'Inappropriate' FBI Statement On Hillary Emails (TWEETS, VIDEOS) By Darrell Lucus   FBI director James Comey giving a briefing on the Orlando massacre ( image courtesy FBI's Flickr feed, part of public domain) 
On Friday afternoon, FBI director James Comey sent the political world into a tailspin when he announced his agency had discovered emails that could potentially be related to the investigation of Hillary Clinton's private email server. However, the manner in which he did it has the Department of Justice's former chief spokesman up in arms . 
Read part of the letter here, via NBC News' Bradd Jaffy. FBI Director Comey, in letter to members of Congress, says FBI is investigating additional emails in Clinton private server case pic.twitter.com/Ue0qlhqT5w 
— Bradd Jaffy (@BraddJaffy) October 28, 2016 
When Matthew Miller, the head of the DOJ's office of public affairs from 2008 to 2011, learned about this letter, he hit the ceiling. In an epic tweetstorm, Miller slammed Comey's decision to make this disclosure in the manner that he did. This is such an inappropriate public disclosure by Comey. And sadly the latest in a long string of them. https://t.co/8MgrH9UKlR 
— Matthew Miller (@matthewamiller) October 28, 2016 Comey refused to even tell Congress if FBI was investigating Trump camp for Russia hack, but regular updates on Clinton are apparently A-ok. 
— Matthew Miller (@matthewamiller) October 28, 2016 
Earlier this summer, Miller had criticized the tone of Comey's press conference announcing that there was no basis for criminal charges against Hillary. In an op-ed for The Washington Post, Miller said that Comey's decision to 'editorialize' Hillary's behavior was 'not grounded in any position in law.' In his Friday tweetstorm, Miller blasted the FBI for sending details of the investigation to Congress. He flagrantly violated DOJ rules with his press conference. Then went on to break new ground discussing details of the case to Congress…2/ 
— Matthew Miller (@matthewamiller) October 28, 2016 Followed by quickly releasing FBI 302's, something they rarely do, and which I doubt they will do for future high-profile cases. 3/ 
— Matthew Miller (@matthewamiller) October 28, 2016 
To Miller's mind, this paled in comparison to the decision to publicly disclose this latest discovery, given that we are less than two weeks from Election Day. But today's disclosure might be worst abuse yet. DOJ goes out of its way to avoid publicly discussing investigations close to election. 5/ 
— Matthew Miller (@matthewamiller) October 28, 2016 Not just public discussion either. Often won't send subpoenas or take other steps that might leak until after an election is over…6/ 
— Matthew Miller (@matthewamiller) October 28, 2016 Why? Because voters have no way to interpret FBI/DOJ activity in a neutral way. Who is the target of an investigation? What conduct? 7/ 
— Matthew Miller (@matthewamiller) October 28, 2016 This might be totally benign & not even involve Clinton. But no way for press or voters to know that. Easy for opponent to make hay over. 8/ 
— Matthew Miller (@matthewamiller) October 28, 2016 Which takes us back to the original rule: you don't comment on ongoing investigations. Then multiply that times ten close to an election. 9/ 
— Matthew Miller (@matthewamiller) October 28, 2016 

Miller's hunch was confirmed later in the day as more details dribbled out. It turns out that the FBI discovered these emails while investigating former Congressman Anthony Weiner for inappropriate texts with a minor. The emails were found on a device Weiner shared with his estranged wife, longtime Hillary aide Huma Abedin. 
According to NBC News' Pete Williams, however, there doesn't appear to be anything that even comes close to a smoking gun–at least for now. Williams discussed his findings on MSNBC on Friday afternoon; watch here, via Jaffy's Twitter. NBC's Pete Williams: Sr. officials say—During separate investigation 'a device' led to add'l emails–not from Clinton https://t.co/QmmNoxXhOx 
— Bradd Jaffy (@BraddJaffy) October 28, 2016 
Williams went further in another MSNBC interview later in the afternoon; watch here. 
Williams believes that there are two questions–whether the number of emails changed, and whether anyone withheld evidence. His FBI sources tell him that those emails were not withheld by Hillary or her campaign. Moreover, the emails are not from Hillary. That raises the obvious question–was there any defensible reason to make such a disclosure? 
Miller thinks there wasn't, and told CNN's Jake Tapper so later that afternoon. Watch here. 
Miller said that longstanding DOJ practice calls for the department and its various agencies to avoid doing anything that could potentially influence the results of an election within 60 days of Election Day. When Tapper asked Miller if the FBI could have been accused of bias toward Hillary had Comey remained silent, Miller said he didn't think so in this case because 'there's no information to be released.' That letter never disclosed what triggered this new review, and thus forces Hillary to 'defend against a negative.' 
Understandably, Hillary's campaign wants to know that justified this disclosure from the FBI. Campaign chairman John Podesta issued a burning statement demanding answers from the FBI. Statement from @johnpodesta in response to Comey letter to GOP chairmen pic.twitter.com/egyUMl68ZC 
— Brian Fallon (@brianefallon) October 28, 2016 
Hillary herself called for an explanation as well while on the stump in Iowa. 
Unless Comey is willing to give an explanation, I can only agree with Miller–this disclosure was grossly inappropriate. About Darrell Lucus 
Darrell is a 30-something graduate of the University of North Carolina who considers himself a journalist of the old school. An attempt to turn him into a member of the religious right in college only succeeded in turning him into the religious right's worst nightmare--a charismatic Christian who is an unapologetic liberal. His desire to stand up for those who have been scared into silence only increased when he survived an abusive three-year marriage. You may know him on Daily Kos as Christian Dem in NC . Follow him on Twitter @DarrellLucus or connect with him on Facebook . Click here to buy Darrell a Mello Yello. Connect
ARTICLE

WATCH: Trump Gropes, Humiliates Miss Universe Just To Get REVENGE By Karen Shiebler   
It is absolutely incredible that Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump is still trying to deny his sexual misconduct. 
First the man brags about grabbing women and kissing them without consent, then he acts completely outraged that anyone would ever accuse him of doing just that. As a literal parade of women have come forward, one after another, to accuse the candidate of grabbing them, he has responded by threatening to sue them. 
It is hard to believe that anyone would believe Trump's shallow denials, but if there is anyone out there who still needs convincing, here you go . 
A video has surfaced from 2011 showing Donald J. Trump publicly humiliating a beauty pageant contestant with sexual jokes at her expense and an unwanted grope in front of thousands of corporate audience members. 
Not only did Trump embarrass the woman and grab her in public, he did it out of a very twisted desire for revenge. 
The need for revenge moves Trump's misogyny out of the realm of the creepy and into the realm of the truly sick. 
Here's what happened, according to reports . 
Trump was speaking to a corporate audience in Sydney, Australia in 2011. As he often does in his corporate speeches, Trump talked about getting revenge on those who have slighted him. He said: 'Get even with people. If they screw you, screw them back 10 times as hard. I really believe that.' 
What a prince. 
He went on to give the crowd an example of how he gets even. He decided to single out a woman named Jennifer Hawkins. She was the 2004 winner of the Miss Universe Pageant, which Trump owned. He had asked the beauty queen, who is Australian, to introduce him at the corporate event, but there had been some type of miscommunication. 
Either that, or she had simply declined to do so. 
Either way, Trump was furious at Ms. Hawkins. He wanted the crowd to see how he handled his anger at a perceived snub. As he talked about getting revenge, he said : 'I'll give you an example: Jennifer Hawkins. Where's Jennifer? Where's she sitting? Get over here, Jennifer. First of all, how beautiful is Jennifer? This is about getting even.' Trump pulled Hawkins up on the stage, telling the crowd how angry he had been at her. When she tried to explain herself, Trump pulled the mic away from her and told the crowd how she had 'dissed' him after he had made her a 'big star' through his pageant. He disregarded her attempts to explain, instead choosing to make a sexual joke of her. 'So what happens is ― and you know what? She came tonight, she came ― came, she came, she came.' When the audience dutifully laughed at Ms. Hawkins' expense, Trump added: 'See, so they have the same filthy minds in Australia.' Oh, ha,ha. What a sick adolescent mind. What an ass. It got worse, though. Trump grabbed the embarrassed woman and pulled her in for a clearly unwanted kiss. She managed to get an arm in between them, but Trump still managed to kiss her cheek. This is all on video, folks. This is right there for everyone to see. The disgusting sexual pervert who wants to be our next President can't dismiss this one with a threat to sue. He can't pretend that it didn't happen. Because we can all watch it. Right here . 

Featured image via YouTube Screengrab . About Karen Shiebler 
Karen is a retired elementary school teacher with many years of progressive activism behind her. She is the proud mother of three young adults who were all arrested with Occupy Wall Street. To see what she writes about in her spare time, check out her blog at "Empty Nest, Full Life" Connect
ARTICLE

WATCH: Trump Goes Full-On Dictator – Says 'Cancel The Election' By Natalie Dailey on October 28, 2016 Subscribe 
For weeks,   nominee Donald Trump has been whining that the election is being 'rigged' against him. He even called the presidential debates 'rigged.' 
Now, I guess his ego is so YUGE because he wants the election cancelled, and the presidency awarded to him without voting. 
He said at a rally in Toledo, Ohio Thursday: 'And just thinking to myself right now, we should just cancel the election and just give it to Trump, right? What are we even having it for? What are we having it for? 'Her policies are so bad. Boy, do we have a big difference.' 
He's against voter fraud, but he's OK with just yanking the election away from us? That is insane. That is not how a democratic election works, Trumpy. Taking the vote away from the people like that would make Trump our first dictator. 
Trump may have been trying to make a joke out of it, but with his talk of rigged elections, that comment is just plain scary. 
On Thursday, Trump appeared on Bill O' Reilly's show. When asked if the polls would be rigged on election day, Trump said he believes they will be. When asked about his trailing in the national polls, Trump said : 'I'm winning in certain polls and then in other polls, the dirty polls we call them, I was losing by numbers that were ridiculous. I think we're winning, but Bill, you look at some of these polls it's absolutely ridiculous.' 
Just last week, Trump's poor Campaign Manager Kellyanne Conway was faced with the undesirable job of defending Trump's idiocy. After one of the other times he whined about the election being rigged, she said : 'His entire campaign is built about the little guy being the victim, the forgotten man and forgotten woman being the victim of the rigged corrupt system. Let's keep the focus there. That's who he's fighting for. I know so many in the media like to just dismiss the crowd sizes. Let me tell you something, you go out on the road with Donald Trump, this election doesn't feel over.' 
When he refers to himself in the third person, it makes him sound even creepier. 
Check out this clip   
Featured image via YouTube screenshot . About Natalie Dailey 
Hi, I'm from Huntsville, AL. I'm a Liberal living in the Bible Belt, which can be quite challenging at times. I'm passionate about many issues including mental health, women's rights, gay rights, and many others. Check out my blog abravealabamaatheist.com. Check out my other blog weneedtotalkaboutmentalhealth.com Connect
ARTICLE

FBI Reviewing Clinton Emails Found While Investigating Anthony Weiner (VIDEO) By Michelle Oxman on October 28, 2016 
Leave it to that pathetic loser, Anthony Weiner, to mess things up for the campaign of the Democratic presidential nominee, Hillary Clinton. I bet Huma Abedin is kicking herself for not dumping him earlier. The FBI Announcement 
On October 28, 2016, FBI Director James Comey informed Congress that the Bureau had learned of new emails that might be relevant to the investigation of Hillary Clinton's use of an unauthorized primate email server. 
The FBI planned to review the emails to determine whether they were relevant to the Clinton case and, if so, how. Comey stated that the agency learned of the emails in an unrelated criminal case, which he did not identify. 
Naturally, the news media jumped the gun and concluded that the Clinton investigation was back on. And just as naturally, the truth was not so simple. JUST IN: FBI Director informs Congress Hillary Clinton email investigation is back on. pic.twitter.com/2p4iAAYH97 
— ABC News (@ABC) October 28, 2016 Weiner and Clinton Emails? 
As it turns out, the emails that concerned the FBI were found on a device owned by Anthony Weiner. Yes, that Anthony Weiner, the one who couldn't keep from sexting on his cell phone. 
He is the estranged husband of Huma Abedin, who was Hillary Clinton's Chief of Staff when she was Secretary of State. Abedin remains one of Clinton's closest aides. Abedin announced that the couple were separating after his latest sexting scandal. 
According to the New York Times , the FBI was investigating text messages that Weiner allegedly sent to a 15-year-old girl in North Carolina. In that investigation, the FBI examined the devices and computers that Weiner used. One of the devices also contained emails that the FBI determined might be related to the investigation into Secretary Clinton's emails. Not A Reopening 
  candidate Donald Trump claims that Comey's letter indicates that the entire investigation into Clinton's email server is back on. They're salivating over the possibility that Clinton's campaign could go down in flames. However, that's not what's happening here. 
Back in July, Comey testified before Congress that the FBI investigation into Clinton's email server was complete and the agency did not recommend that anyone be charged criminally. He also said that Clinton had been very careless with classified information. 
His October 28 letter informs Congress that the FBI will examine the emails found on Weiner's computer to determine whether they contain classified information. Comey doesn't know how long it will take or what he will find. What Remains The Same 
Still, it's highly unlikely that any new information would change the ultimate outcome of the investigation. After all, Comey said back in July that no reasonable prosecutor would bring charges against Clinton without evidence that she either intentionally or recklessly shared classified information. 
Does anyone really think that the evidence will appear on Anthony Weiner's computer? 
Watch this news clip for more information : 
Featured Image Via U.S. Dept. Of State / CC-0 And Talk News Service / CC-NC-2.0 Via Flickr About Michelle Oxman 
Michelle Oxman is a writer, blogger, wedding officiant, and recovering attorney. She lives just north of Chicago with her husband, son, and two cats. She is interested in human rights, election irregularities, access to health care, race relations, corporate power, and family life.Her personal blog appears at www.thechangeuwish2c.com. She knits for sanity maintenance. Connect
ARTICLE

Bill Maher: That 'Lesser Of Two Evils' Election Argument Is 'BULLSH*T!' (VIDEO) By Andrew Bradford on October 29, 2016 Subscribe 
Since it first became clear that this year's nominees for their respective parties would be Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump, there's been some whining among voters that they are being forced to choose between the 'lesser of two evils.' And for those people, Real Time host Bill Maher has a very simple but direct message : 'Grow the fu*k up!' 
On his show last night, Maher directly confronted the 'less of two evils' griping by explaining what's at stake in this election: 'Republicans have one path to this election and it's 'false equivalency.' They can't deny Trump is horrible – it's on tape. So they want voters to believe that Hillary is just as bad. And in pursuit of that goal they have a very powerful ally — lazy people. 'People who like to say, 'they're all bad.' Because when you say that, you don't have to do any homework. Say, 'they're all the same,' and you can sound justifiably jaded by the entire process when, really, you just don't know anything.' 
Finally, Maher directed his comments at millennial voters who he said are wrongly obsessed with 'bullshit' trivia: 'I am so tired of hearing that Hillary doesn't seem genuine. Grow the fuck up.' 
Exactly! Hillary isn't 'genuine?' So would you rather have a man who is a genuine serial sexual assaulter of women and a threat to the national and economic security of the United States? Those of us who care about what happens in the future because we love our children need to put aside our petty picking at a woman who has devoted her life to helping others and elect her as President. If we fail to do so, future generations will never forgive us. 
Featured Image Via YouTube Screengrab About Andrew Bradford 
Andrew Bradford is a single father who lives in Atlanta. A member of the Christian Left, he has worked in the fields of academia, journalism, and political consulting. His passions are art, music, food, and literature. He believes in equal rights and justice for all. To see what else he likes to write about, check out his blog at Deepleftfield.info. Connect
ARTICLE

Trump Mistakes Ex-Marine Black Supporter For Protester, Calls Him A 'Thug' (TWEET/VIDEO) ‹ › Trump Says Alec Baldwin's Impression Of Him Is Unfair: 'He's Portraying Someone Mean And Nasty' (VIDEO) By Andrew Bradford on October 29, 2016 Subscribe 
Donald Trump doesn't have a sense of humor. While he may smile from time to time, it always seems forced, as if he's afraid his face will crack if he smiles too broadly. And now he's whining yet again about Alec Baldwin's brilliant portrayal of him on Saturday Night Live. 
As part of an interview with AJ Calloway of Extra , Trump had this to say about the way Baldwin plays him: 'Well, I think I'm a much nicer guy than he's portraying. He's portraying someone who's very mean and nasty, and I'm not mean and nasty. I think I'm a much nicer person than he's portraying, so I think it's an inaccurate portrayal of me.' 
Clearly, in addition to Trump not having a sense of humor, he also is deficient in the self-awareness department. 
Would the Donald ever do SNL again? Not a chance, he declared: 'They want me to go back. No, I'm not interested in going back…They're making me out to be a very mean, bad kind of a guy and that's not me.' 
Trump was also asked about the fact that NBC had fired Billy Bush due to the leaked videotape in which Trump said he likes to grab women 'by the pussy' and kiss them against their will. The GOP nominee cryptically responded that 'they did it to him,' but would not elaborate on who 'they' might be. He then added : 'I have always liked Billy, but I have not [spoken to him]…but I always found Billy to be a good guy.' 
Yeah, a good guy who laughed when you brazenly talked about how you get off on sexually assaulting women because you happen to be wealthy and famous. 
Face it, Donald, you're a pig. And to make matters worse, you can't even laugh at yourself. 
Featured Image Via Screengrab About Andrew Bradford 
Andrew Bradford is a single father who lives in Atlanta. A member of the Christian Left, he has worked in the fields of academia, journalism, and political consulting. His passions are art, music, food, and literature. He believes in equal rights and justice for all. To see what else he likes to write about, check out his blog at Deepleftfield.info. Connect
ARTICLE

IRONY ALERT: First Person Arrested For Voter Fraud Is A Trump Supporter By Andrew Bradford on October 29, 2016 Subscribe 
Ever since the public opinion polls began showing him behind in the 2016 race for the White House, GOP nominee Donald Trump has alleged that the political system and election is 'rigged.' He has even recommended that his supporters show up at polling places to observe what is taking place and assure the election isn't 'stolen' via voter fraud. 
Which brings us to Thursday in Des Moines, Iowa. Terri Lynn Rote voted early at an election office in her hometown. A few hours later, Rote then went to another polling location and attempted to vote a second time. She was arrested and charged with first-degree election fraud, a Class D felony. 
The irony is almost too much to stomach, isn't it? 
Polk County Auditor Jamie Fitzgerald said it's the first time in 12 years he can remember ever having to report potential voter fraud to the authorities. 
What Trump and other Republicans fail to say when they warn of voter fraud on the left is that based on the demographics of the American electorate, there is no need for Democrats to try and commit fraud when it comes to a national election. In fact, it is far more likely that the GOP will have to try to cheat or intimidate voters (with restrictive voter ID provisions and by cutting back the number of polling places or early voting days) in order to remain competitive. 
It should also be noted that when Trump was winning in the Republican primaries, you never once heard him scream about anyone trying to cheat or rig an election. It was only after his own numbers began to slip and he found himself behind by as much at 14 points to Hillary Clinton that such talk began. 
So, Donald, what say you about the election being rigged in light of Terri Rote? Donald? Hmm…guess that silence tells us all we need to know. 
Here's the Donald alleging that the election is rigged against him: 
Featured Image Via Des Moines Police Dept. About Andrew Bradford 
Andrew Bradford is a single father who lives in Atlanta. A member of the Christian Left, he has worked in the fields of academia, journalism, and political consulting. His passions are art, music, food, and literature. He believes in equal rights and justice for all. To see what else he likes to write about, check out his blog at Deepleftfield.info. Connect
ARTICLE

Progressive Nomad: Bernie Sanders Pens CRUCIAL Letter To The President (IMAGES) By Stephanie Kuklish on October 29, 2016 Subscribe 
On the heels of Thursday's brutal attack on Native Americans peacefully protesting the Dakota Access Pipeline by local and state police officers, Senator Bernie Sanders has written an open letter to President Obama asking for him to stand up against this atrocity. 
In a message posted on Sander's official U.S. Senate website, he asked for President Obama to halt construction of the pipeline until cultural and environmental reviews were done by trusted sources. Sanders wrote : 'It is deeply distressing to me that the federal government is putting the profits of the oil industry ahead of the treaty and sovereign rights of Native American communities. Mr. President, you took a bold and principled stand against the Keystone pipeline – I ask you to take a similar stand against the Dakota Access Pipeline. To my mind, the [U.S. Army Corps of Engineers] should have never approved this project on an expedited process in the first place.' 
Sanders continued the letter by urging the President to send non-partial monitors to the camp in order to ensure that the water protector's civil rights were being protected. He then reminded President Obama just how dangerous this pipeline, and others like it, can be for the environment. Sanders stated : 'According to one report, burning the oil transported through the pipeline would produce carbon emissions equivalent to 21 million cars or 30 coal plants. If we have any hope of avoiding the worst consequences of climate change, we should not be building new oil pipelines that lock us into burning fossil fuels for generations to come.' 
It has been incredibly difficult to get media coverage on this event, and even when there is; everyone seems to turn a blind eye to what is going on in North Dakota. Police are once again lying about the protestors and taking very violent and forceful tactics against them, even though they are not armed and are showing little to no signs of violent actions. 
At some point this has got to end and either the President can make a stand or he may be addressing the nation apologizing for wasteful human deaths at the hands of our own police force.
ARTICLE

OK, It's Over – We Finally Know The TRUTH About Trump's Word 'Bigly' (VIDEO) By Paddy Maclachlan on October 29, 2016 Subscribe 
At this point in the election run-up, we know an awful lot about Republican candidate Donald Trump – probably more than we want to. 
But there's one thing about him that has puzzled a lot of people – his use of the word 'bigly.' 
What the heck does it mean? Is he trying to use it as you'd use a word such as 'largely' or 'finally'? Would the opposite of 'bigly' be 'littlely'? Is his grasp of the English language really that bad? 
He has used it a lot in his campaign speeches, and it has even been transcribed and reported at times as 'bigly.' Some people have decided he's actually saying 'big league.' Others aren't so sure. 
It turns out that it's not his vocabulary that's at fault, it's his pronunciation. 
Raymond Navarro of Catholic broadcaster EWTN asked him directly in an interview this week if he's saying 'bigly' or 'big league.' Trump responded : 'I use big league.' 
You can see the exchange on 25:05 in this video clip from the interview. 
The fact that he's saying 'big league' was also affirmed by his son Donald Trump Jr. who was asked about it after the September 26 presidential debate. 
So now the mystery is over. But not before broadcast and social media had a lot of bigly fun with it. Watch this funny clip from Bloomberg, which was made before the truth was revealed. It contains all the bigly/big league confusion you can handle. 
Featured image: screenshot from YouTube video Connect with me
ARTICLE

Rabid Clinton Hating Conservative Blogger Goes Rogue, Endorses Hillary. Here's Why (VIDEO) By Karen Shiebler on October 29, 2016 Subscribe 
Andrew Sullivan is a well known libertarian thinker. He is an author, a blogger and an outspoken conservative commentator. 
Sullivan used to cover the Clinton White House for the New Republic. From the earliest days, he had negative feelings about the Clintons. In describing the Clintons, he said: 'They are very much the establishment. They are very much after money. They are very much after power.' Sullivan was born and raised in England, but attended and graduated from Harvard University, where he earned both Masters and Doctoral degrees in government. The writer ties his conservative beliefs to his Roman Catholic upbringing in a family or Irish descent. Andrew Sullivan has long been outspoken about his dislike for Hillary Clinton. During an appearance on Real Time With Bill Maher, he referred to the former Secretary of State as a 'talentless hack.' He bashed her 'disastrous' time as Secretary, citing the situations in Libya and Iraq as evidence of her lack of judgement. Maher accused Sullivan of hating Hillary, and he didn't disagree. So it has come as a big surprise to many that Sullivan is now publicly and prominently saying, 'I'm with her.' The sharp tongued Clinton critic is now planning to vote for her and he is clear about why. He told Brian Williams of MSNBC : 'There is almost no scenario I could imagine in which I might actually support Hillary Clinton for president except this. Because I honestly believe that Donald J. Trump is not just a normal candidate in this election; that he is a threat to our entire democratic system, that his appearance to the top of the national ticket is probably the gravest crisis in this country's modern history. And I think defeating him is not just something that we should take as a Democrat or Republican or even as a sort of a way of expressing ourselves. It is a way to say for the moment the very core principles of liberal democracy that he is attacking on a daily almost hourly basis.' When one of our most outspoken conservative decides that he has to vote for the Democrat out of love for the country, things are looking grim for the GOP. Donald Trump is in deep trouble when someone like Andrew Sullivan calls him the 'gravest crisis' in our recent history. Oh, and one more thing. This will be the very first vote that Andrew Sullivan will be casting as a new American citizen. I hope all of his conservative fans follow in his footsteps. 
Featured image via MSNBC Video Screengrab . About Karen Shiebler 
Karen is a retired elementary school teacher with many years of progressive activism behind her. She is the proud mother of three young adults who were all arrested with Occupy Wall Street. To see what she writes about in her spare time, check out her blog at "Empty Nest, Full Life" Connect
ARTICLE

DNC Renews Lawsuit Against RNC Over Voter Intimidation (VIDEO) By Lisa Bonanno on October 29, 2016 
According to a document filed in federal court this past Wednesday, the Democratic National Committee is taking Donald Trump and the Republican National Committee to task over their plans to 'monitor' the polls. 
The filing says that the RNC is violating a consent decree by: '… Supporting and enabling the efforts of the Republican candidate for President, Donald J. Trump, as well as his campaign and advisors, to intimidate and discourage minority voters from voting in the 2016 Presidential Election. Trump has falsely and repeatedly told his supporters that the November 8 election will be 'rigged' based upon fabricated claims of voter fraud in 'certain areas' or 'certain sections' of key states. Unsurprisingly, those 'certain areas' are exclusively communities in which large minority voting populations reside.' 
The document goes on to name some of the specific quotes and directives that Donald Trump has given supporters. It also mentions that: 'Following the third presidential debate, Trump's campaign manager told a reporter that the campaign was working to combat purported voter fraud by 'actively working with the national committee, the official party, and campaign lawyers to monitor precincts around the country.'' 
This shows that the RNC is involved in this effort, which has already begun . Trump ally Roger Stone organized 'Vote Protectors,' who are instructed to conduct 'exit polls.' Initially, the volunteers were asked to upload video of voters, create ID badges and wear red shirts at specific polling places. After journalistic inquiry , Stone said he would change his tactics. He simply created a new website, but that's another story. 
The Democratic National Committee is going after Trump and the RNC for violation of a consent decree signed in 1982. At that time, the RNC was involved in voter suppression in targeted areas known to vote predominantly Democrat. They hired off-duty sheriffs and police officers to go to polling places in those areas displaying a sign stating 'This area is being patrolled by the National Ballot Security Task Force.' There were other activities, such as the challenge of individual voter registrations in certain communities. 
The consent decree forcing the RNC to cease its 1982 'ballot security' activities resulted from a successful DNC suit. The decree expires next year. In the current suit, the DNC seeks to renew it for another eight years. 
34 years later, we have an old tactic re-branded by the same party to do the same thing: intimidate minority voters. The DNC opens fire against RNC voter intimidation tactics 
Featured Image via screenshot from YouTube video Connect with me
ARTICLE

Lara Trump Implies FBI Letter Politically Motivated –'My Father-In-Law Forced Their Hand' (AUDIO) By Carrie MacDonald on October 29, 2016 Subscribe 
The latest 'revelation' from the FBI just gets more and more curious by the hour. Now we have audio of Lara Trump, wife of Eric Trump and daughter-in-law of Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump, saying she believes her father-in-law was behind the latest letter from FBI Director James Comey. Lara Trump: 'My Father-In-Law Forced Their Hand' 
In an interview on WABC Radio with Rita Cosby, Lara Trump came right out and said, proudly, that she believes Donald Trump was one of the people behind this whole thing: 'I think my father-in-law forced their hand in this. You know, he has been the one since the beginning saying that she shouldn't be able to run for president, and I commend him on that.' 
Anyone who has been paying attention over the past 12 hours or so knows that this 'scandal' died before it even had a chance to really breathe. The conservative media has, of course, attempted to spin this into something real, given the fact that their candidate's chances of winning are less than 10 percent. But the emails are not from Clinton nor are they from Clinton's server. Not only that, but Comey's motivations behind sending the letter seem more and more likely to be politically motivated. Former DOJ Official: 'You Don't Do This' 
Comey's actions are unprecedented for an FBI Director. In a piece discussing that very fact, Jane Mayer wrote for The New Yorker : '… His latest action is stirring an extraordinary level of concern among legal authorities, who see it as potentially affecting the outcome of the Presidential and congressional elections. 'You don't do this,' one former senior Justice Department official exclaimed. 'It's aberrational. It violates decades of practice.' The reason, according to the former official, who asked not to be identified because of ongoing cases involving the department, 'is because it impugns the integrity and reputation of the candidate, even though there's no finding by a court, or in this instance even an indictment.'' There was also the tweetstorm from former DOJ spokesperson Matthew Miller, in which he eviscerated Comey's actions. He also wrote a more cohesive piece for the Washington Post , in which he said : 'With each step, Comey moved further away from department guidelines and precedents, culminating in Friday's letter to Congress. This letter not only violated Justice rules on commenting on ongoing investigations but also flew in the face of years of precedent about how to handle sensitive cases as Election Day nears.' All of this makes one wonder – what is Comey's motivation here? Comey, a Republican appointed by President Obama, is breaking rules of tradition left and right. And Trump's own daughter-in-law is on record saying that she believes the Republican nominee 'forced their hand.' No matter the motivation, the 'scandal' is dead in the water, no matter how much the Republicans and the Trump campaign wish it were truly the 'October surprise' they've been waiting for … rather than another woman coming forward and accusing their nominee of sexual assault. That number stands at 12 and counting. The Clinton campaign, to their credit, is calling for complete transparency from the FBI in the matter. Listen to Lara Trump gleefully say she believes The Donald is behind this: 
Featured Image via screenshot from YouTube video About Carrie MacDonald 
Carrie is a progressive mom and wife living in the upper Midwest. Connect
ARTICLE

Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump has turned this election season into a complete circus. One of his advisors, former Republican Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich, said that we may have to deal with his orange face again in 2020. 
In an interview with POLITICO, Gingrich said : 'The challenge for everybody's going to be, 'What if he gets 48 or 49 percent?' And what if he says: 'You know, I like this campaign and stuff. I ain't leaving'? There will then be a Trump Party.' 
It looks like the Republicans are already planning to obstruct Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton if she gets elected. Gingrich said : 'I think it'll be very difficult for the country … I think their message to the Republican leadership will be, 'You had better prepare to fight her every single day.'' 
Trump broached the subject at a rally in Sanford, Florida. He said that this election is the party's 'last chance.' 
The Trumpkin proclaimed : 'Republicans have to finally get smart and come together. This is our last chance. This is bigger than me or any of us. It's about our country. This is about ending Obamacare. This is about the Supreme Court. This is about rebuilding our military and taking care of our vets, strengthening our borders and keeping our companies and jobs from leaving our beloved country. This is about restoring the rule of law, saving our Constitution and keeping radical Islamic terrorists the hell out of our country.' 
It's funny that he's talking about party unity when he spreads divisive, hateful rhetoric, and has for the last year-and-a-half that has split the Republican Party. It became especially bad after the infamous Access Hollywood audio leaked. He has done his best to alienate just about every group out there over the course of his campaign. Hopefully, he will lose to a Hillary Clinton landslide on November 8. Vote Blue! 
Here is a news clip about the Newt Gingrich interview : 
Featured image via YouTube screenshot . About Natalie Dailey 
Hi, I'm from Huntsville, AL. I'm a Liberal living in the Bible Belt, which can be quite challenging at times. I'm passionate about many issues including mental health, women's rights, gay rights, and many others. Check out my blog abravealabamaatheist.com. Check out my other blog weneedtotalkaboutmentalhealth.com Connect
ARTICLE

What Exactly Are Poll Watchers? Here's The Cliff Notes Version (VIDEO) By Natalie Dailey on October 29, 2016 Subscribe 
For months, Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump has been whining that the election is rigged against him. 
He urges people to go to the polls and look out for voter fraud. Watching for fraud is not illegal by itself. If you actually try to force someone to vote a certain way, that is illegal. Sending out false information about the election is also illegal in Ohio. In most states, intimidating voters like that is illegal. According to 18 U.S. Code § 594 : 'Whoever intimidates, threatens, coerces, or attempts to intimidate, threaten, or coerce, any other person for the purpose of interfering with the right of such other person to vote or to vote as he may choose.' 
The states are allowed to regulate election procedures, so the rules vary widely. Some states allow poll watchers to help out by simply being in the room. They watch for any specific suspicious behavior. What Are Poll Watchers? 
For example, in Florida, each candidate is allowed to have one poll watcher at each polling place. They have to be approved by the state beforehand. 
The poll watcher's job is to make sure that the votes are counted correctly and to make sure there aren't any weird voting schemes going on. 
Also in Florida, the poll watchers are allowed to challenge someone's identity if they find a problem with the person's identification or if the voter doesn't show up on local voter rolls. If the issue isn't resolved on-site, then the person can fill out a 'provisional' ballot. 
This ballot won't get counted until the problem with the voter's identity is cleared up, and only if the vote numbers are close enough for provisional ballots to make a difference. Unfortunately, they often don't get counted at all and if they do, not until after the vote would've been useful. Who Are The Poll Workers? 
The poll workers are usually a combination of state employees, temporary contractors, or volunteers. They are trained to answer your questions, and they handle disputes with the poll watchers. 
You are allowed to ask who poll workers are and who they represent. If you have a problem while voting, you'll report it to the poll workers. 
Poll watchers and poll workers are not allowed to intimidate voters or suppress voting based on race, gender, national origin, or religion. They also can't question you, and they can't film you without your approval. 
Stay safe on election day, November 8! 
Donald Trump has gotten himself in some hot water for calling for poll watchers: 
Featured image via YouTube screenshot . About Natalie Dailey 
Hi, I'm from Huntsville, AL. I'm a Liberal living in the Bible Belt, which can be quite challenging at times. I'm passionate about many issues including mental health, women's rights, gay rights, and many others. Check out my blog abravealabamaatheist.com. Check out my other blog weneedtotalkaboutmentalhealth.com Connect 
ARTICLE

Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump likes to hold himself up as a paragon of charitable donations. But do his claims stand up to reality? Trump Charitable Donations? Almost Nothing 
The Washington Post published a piece this afternoon stating that they've been researching Trump's claims for months and have come up nearly empty-handed. 
According to the Post : 'After calling 420-plus charities with some connection to Trump, The Post found only one personal gift from Trump between 2008 and the spring of this year. That was a gift to the Police Athletic League of New York City , in 2009. It was worth less than $10,000.' 
The article goes on to mention Trump's self-inflating talk and random appearances at charitable events with which he has no monetary connection. Many of those involved with the charities have felt swindled in one way or another by the Republican nominee over the years. 
It tells the story of a woman, employed by Trump, who asked him to help sponsor a gala for the Professional Women in Construction, where she was being honored. He didn't, spent $100 on a single ticket, and then took over the microphone at the event for 15 minutes to make himself look like a big donor. 
There's the story of the time when he was 'principal for a day' at a poor school in the Bronx. He gave them a phony $1 million bill. He did manage to fork over $200 before taking off in his limo. 
Or the time when he decided to take the stage at an event to benefit children suffering from AIDS. He took the chair designated for someone who actually made a charitable donation (unlike Trump), and then posed for pictures as though he was a donor. The executive director of the charity, Gretchen Buchenholz, sent an email to the person whose chair Trump had commandeered, Steven Fisher, apologizing for Trump's transgression: 'I immediately said 'no,' but Rudy Giuliani said 'yes' and I felt I had to accede to him. I hope you can forgive me.' 
Steven Fisher's chair happened to be right next to Giuliani's, too. Go figure. Some Things Never Change 
The instances above are only a tiny handful of the stories laid out in the Post article. All the evidence together points to a man who talks a big game about all his various charitable donations, but who, in reality, is as miserly as Ebenezer Scrooge. 
Trump, however, continues to try to portray the image of generosity. 
An archived page for Trump's corporate website ends his biography with these words: 'He is the archetypal businessman — a deal maker without peer and an ardent philanthropist.' 
On October 20, 2016, Trump appeared as a featured speaker at the Al Smith charity dinner alongside his rival, Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton. Despite all that we know now, despite all the questions that have been raised since he began his campaign about his charitable donations (or lack thereof), his biography in the program at the dinner contained those exact same words. 
Trump lives in a bubble. And that bubble needs to burst. 
Featured Image by Gage Skidmore via Flickr under a CC BY-SA 2.0 license About Carrie MacDonald 
Carrie is a progressive mom and wife living in the upper Midwest. Connect
ARTICLE

NEW DETAILS: Trump's Gaffe With Khan Family Was Even Worse Than We Thought (VIDEO) By Natalie Dailey on October 29, 2016 Subscribe 
Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump made a fool out of himself at and after the Democratic National Convention. Trump got into a feud with the Khan family, a Gold Star family who spoke about him. 
Trump apparently didn't know what a Gold Star family is. This term is generally used to describe families who have lost a loved one in the military. 
Paul Manafort, former advisor to George H.W. Bush's, Gerald Ford's, and Bob Dole's presidential campaigns, became an advisor for the Donald Trump campaign during the general election season. His plan was for Trump to go low profile, so the media would then focus on his rival, Democratic presidential nominee, Hillary Clinton. 
Manafort was mad when Trump went after the Khan family instead of focusing on the issues. He said: 'The election is about the American people, it's not about you.' 
Now that we have less than two weeks until the election, Trump wants to rehash some of his craziest feuds. Trump said that if he were president Humayun Khan would still be alive. Khizr said : 'This is the most cruel thing you can say to grieving parents, that if I was there this would not have happened. There's no sincerity in those remarks … This is one character that a leader must have to be the leader of a great country, to be the commander-in-chief of the Armed Forces of the United States: empathy. And this person totally lacks that.' 
Khan is now joining Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton on the campaign trail. 
Check out the campaign ad he made for the Clinton campaign: 
And watch Khan's entire speech from the convention : 
Featured image via YouTube screenshot . About Natalie Dailey 
Hi, I'm from Huntsville, AL. I'm a Liberal living in the Bible Belt, which can be quite challenging at times. I'm passionate about many issues including mental health, women's rights, gay rights, and many others. Check out my blog abravealabamaatheist.com. Check out my other blog weneedtotalkaboutmentalhealth.com Connect
ARTICLE

— Harry (@followingsea2) October 18, 2016 
Trump has made it clear that not even committing sexual assault would make him withdraw from the election. 
This latest video is one of many being unearthed, including one in which he said he'd be dating a ten-year-old girl in another ten years. But this isn't the first time he's made sexual comments about Ivanka: 'If I weren't happily married and, ya know, her father…' 
The latest tape shows the father and daughter duo appearing on an episode of the Wendy Williams Show back in 2013. During a segment called Fave 5, Wendy asked what their favorite thing to bond over was. 
Ivanka gave an eloquent response: 'Either real estate and golf.' 
Her father's, who is currently holding rallies in swing states while continuing to claim the election is rigged, had less to do with career and sports and more to do with his objectification of women: 'Well I was gonna say sex, but…' 
There's also a video from 1994 in which Trump sexualized his other daughter, Tiffany Trump , when she was a one-year-old. Tiffany is the only child between him and his second wife, Marla Maples . 'Well, I think that she's got a lot of Marla, she's a really beautiful baby, and she's got Marla's legs. We don't know yet if she's got this part yet.' 
As he said that, Trump then held his hands to his chest and suggested breasts. That wasn't the only cringe-worthy moment pertaining to him and Tiffany, though. Donald Trump and Tiffany duck each other's kisses after presidential debate he refused to kiss Tiffany interesting https://t.co/CFrIs8xdL7 
— Rodney Giles (@jubileenetwork) October 13, 2016 
Watch the video of this disturbing exchange below : 
Featured Image: Screenshot Via YouTube Video . Connect with me
ARTICLE

Subscribe 
On Friday, FBI Director James Comey told Congress that his agency had discovered emails that could potentially be related to the flap over Hillary Clinton's email server. In the 24 hours since then, most of the discussion hasn't been over the emails, but over whether Comey acted appropriately when he made this disclosure. Well, a front page story in Sunday morning's edition of The New York Times reveals that Comey's bosses at the Justice Department believed this letter was manifestly improper . 
The reason? Comey's letter risked running afoul of a longstanding DOJ policy that strongly discourages commenting on politically sensitive investigations within 60 days of an election. It is a policy that has been maintained by both Democratic and Republican administrations in order to avoid even the appearance of partisanship. We can all agree, however, that if there is any case for an exception, it would be if there was a potentially earth-shaking development in a politically-charged investigation. 
But based on what has emerged since Friday, Comey's letter didn't even begin to meet that standard. According to The Times, the FBI is in the process of getting court permission to review emails it seized from the laptop of longtime Hillary aide Huma Abedin while investigating her estranged husband, former congressman Anthony Weiner, for sexting with a North Carolina teenager. Investigators don't know as of yet whether those emails contain classified information, or whether it even potentially rose to the level of criminal misconduct. Additionally, there is virtually no chance that such a review will be complete before the election. 
That explains why Comey's draft letter, which was prepared on Thursday, sent eyebrows into hairlines at the DOJ. According to CNN, department staffers told Comey that Attorney General Loretta Lynch and Deputy Attorney General Sally Yates opposed sending the letter . They told Comey in no uncertain terms that under the circumstances, the letter ran counter to the longstanding policy about politically sensitive investigations. However, according to The Times, Comey believed that the emails would almost certainly be leaked–and the FBI would be accused of misleading Congress. 
However, a number of former DOJ officials think Comey made an egregious blunder. I already told you that Matthew Miller, the former chief spokesman for the DOJ under Lynch's predecessor, Eric Holder, condemned the letter in the strongest terms on Friday. But Comey has been condemned by veterans of Republican administrations as well. One of them, George Terwilliger III, the deputy attorney general for the last two years of the George H. W. Bush administration, was particularly baffled by Comey's move. Terwilliger said that while the guidelines on politically sensitive investigations can make for 'hard decisions' at times, there was 'a difference between flying independent and flying solo.' 
Kurt Eichenwald of Vanity Fair and Newsweek revealed on Twitter that a number of FBI agents are up in arms over this letter as well. Word from inside @FBI . FURIOUS at Comey, think he's mishandled public revelations from get go. "Outrageous incompetence" one agent told me. 
— Kurt Eichenwald (@kurteichenwald) October 29, 2016 If Comey doesn't get ahead of this, going to have a mutiny at @FBI . "This is why u say 'We dont talk about investigations'" one told me…. 
— Kurt Eichenwald (@kurteichenwald) October 29, 2016 …his original decision to lay out info on clinton case, then opine on what it meant outside of criminal findings, infuriated these folks.. 
— Kurt Eichenwald (@kurteichenwald) October 29, 2016 Re: anger within @FBI at Comey. I am getting this at the Special Agent, ASAC and SAC level. Those are the troops. (Most of em GOPrs)…. 
— Kurt Eichenwald (@kurteichenwald) October 29, 2016 …for Comey to have so angered ppl at the field office level is really, really bad. 
— Kurt Eichenwald (@kurteichenwald) October 29, 2016 If Comey's improper comment on ongoing investigation changes polls, @FBI reputation as apolitical will never recover cause of his screwup. 
— Kurt Eichenwald (@kurteichenwald) October 29, 2016 
Based on what we now know, this anger is easy to understand. Apparently Comey was so worried about the potential fallout that he felt compelled to brief Congress before his people even knew whether there was any there there, let alone before getting a court to allow them to find out what was in those emails. If that's the case, then Comey's judgment appears curious at best. You would think the FBI would be able to keep a lid on an investigation this explosive. 
Donald Trump's daughter-in-law, Lara Trump, suggested that the Donald forced Comey's hand . If Comey was so afraid of being the victim of a Twitter attack from Trump and his alt-right army that it felt the need to throw fundamental fairness and time-honored precedent out the window, as well as leave his own agents on an island, then there is something fundamentally wrong. 
( featured image courtesy FBI Flickr feed, part of public domain) About Darrell Lucus 
Darrell is a 30-something graduate of the University of North Carolina who considers himself a journalist of the old school. An attempt to turn him into a member of the religious right in college only succeeded in turning him into the religious right's worst nightmare--a charismatic Christian who is an unapologetic liberal. His desire to stand up for those who have been scared into silence only increased when he survived an abusive three-year marriage. You may know him on Daily Kos as Christian Dem in NC . Follow him on Twitter @DarrellLucus or connect with him on Facebook . Click here to buy Darrell a Mello Yello. Connect
ARTICLE

10 Questions For Every Atheist By Jonathan Lenhardt on November 10, 2014 Subscribe 
The Liberal Conservative is back here at Liberal America! I won't make a big to-do about it since I'm willing to wager most folks don't remember me anyway. All you have to know is that I'm an Atheist and a fiscally conservative, socially liberal Republican who detests the Tea Party with a fiery passion. I don't always agree with full-fledged conservatives or liberals, but I do believe we can at least tolerate each other just enough to live side-by-side. 
So, what brings me back after such a long absence? Believe it or not it's not politics. It's something I hold even more close to my heart: my aforementioned Atheism. See, I stumbled upon this article here courtesy of the kind folks at TodayChristian.net . It's appropriately titled '10 Questions For Every Atheist' and was posted on their web site back in July with the subheading 'Some Questions Atheist Cannot Truly and Honestly REALLY Answer! Which leads to some interesting conclusions?'. 
Look, I won't lie. I stopped reading right there. I mean…some questions Atheist (not Atheist s , mind you) cannot truly and honestly REALLY (for added emphasis) answer? Interesting conclusions? In the words of my generation, 'Challenge accepted!' I decided I was going to respond right then, right there. Game on. Without any further delay, let's get on with it… 
Question #1: How Did You Become an Atheist? 
Right off the bat we start with a question that no Atheist would have any trouble answering. Like me personally, I simply started thinking for myself around age 13; asking very serious, very real questions about the world we live in. Would an all-merciful god allow children to go hungry? Would an all-powerful god allow innocent people be tortured and killed? Soon I discovered that I had quite a few questions and no real answers. 'God's will', 'Thy will be done', 'God will one day vanquish evil'; these are not real answers. If it's any god's will for the world to be as horrible as it is and has been, then I wouldn't believe in it even if I knew it existed. That would be like having a sports hero you discovered was a child pornographer. Any decent human being would stop believing in that hero. 
Question #2: What happens when we die? 
Our loved ones mourn while we are buried, burned or donated to science. We lose all of our senses, our ability to think. We cease to exist. It's a pretty scary thought. One that often quite literally makes me bolt up awake at night having to shake the thought off. The thought being, 'I am going to die one day and then that's it.' Scary as it is, it makes me appreciate this life more even if I continue to only live it about a quarter of the way to its fullest. At least I'm enjoying myself. 
Question #3: What if you're wrong? And there is a Heaven? And there is a HELL! 
Then I'm wrong; and God is either all-merciful like religious folk claim or he/she/it is a total jerkass. I do like how 'hell' is in ALL CAPS in this question as if it's supposed to be scary, though. Cute. Also, the punctuation is wrong; and, you never start a sentence with 'and'. 
Question #4: Without God, where do you get your morality from? 
Empathy mainly. Empathy is a human trait, not a religious one. Logic is another source of my morality; as is reason. I'd also like to point out that so far these are really easy to answer… 
Question #5: If there is no God, can we do what we want? Are we free to murder and rape? While good deeds are unrewarded? 
Okay, I first noticed this with Question #3: this is actually three questions in one which I think is cheating. Would it be so wrong for Today Christian to call this article ' 14 Questions For Every Atheist '? It's like they chose 10 because it sounds stronger. Kind of sounds like the same reason why there are Ten Commandments . 
Either way, let's start with the first one. We can do whatever we want within the confines of the law of the land. Man's law, that is. You'll notice that if I sleep with my neighbor's wife – which I might; I am a heathen , after all – I won't go to prison for it. Nor will I go to prison for looking at my buddy's PlayStation 4 and thinking, 'Aw, I want one!' 
The second one? I could cite the law answer again, but this question deserves a more human answer. What kind of monster wants to murder and rape people? Is your archaic book the only reason you don't murder and rape? Do you constantly have to fight those urges – only winning out when you spot your Holy Bible on the book shelf and remember that if you do those things you'll end up in hell? If the answer is no, then you wouldn't murder or rape people either. That's called humanity and – again – empathy . 
Finally, 'While good deeds are unrewarded?' If the only reason you do good is for a pat on the back and recognition, then you're not moral. You're a creep. A needy creep. 
Question #6: If there is no god, how does your life have any meaning? 
Our lives are defined by the good we do for others (with or without recognition, to reference the previous question), our families, our friends, etc. I don't need an invisible space daddy to tell me what my life means. I give my life meaning every day in one way or another. I want to be a writer who entertains people through literature, film, the occasionally whacky joke, etc. Making people laugh, smile, think, and the like – even if that dream fails – is the definition of my life. If I can make one person enjoy their day every day, then my life is complete. I did that. I gave it that meaning. By myself . I didn't even have an instruction book! You can't even put together IKEA furniture without an instruction book (and an AI helper, and a rocket ship, and a…) and yet I've figured out my life's meaning without one. 
Questions #7: Where did the universe come from? 
We don't know. That's something religion folks don't seem to understand. Saying 'I don't know' or 'we don't know' isn't an admission of defeat. We just don't know. Yet. Maybe we'll never know. There are brilliant minds working on it; but, until we have cold hard proof that a space magician created everything we aren't going to blindly believe it. There are theories. Quite a few of those theories are logical in a scientific sense. Will we ever prove it? That's a damn big thing to prove. That being said, only the biggest, most self-indulgent egomaniacs of the scientific community do what hardcore religious people do and say their theory is 100% for sure without being able to absolutely prove it time and time again. 'God just went click' is both simplistic and embarrassingly naive. I say that without trying to sound condescending. However, it's a simple case of 'I'll believe it when I see it.' Or when I'm otherwise able to verify it. 
Question #8: What about miracles? What all the people who claim to have a connection with Jesus? What about those who claim to have seen saints or angels? 
Ugh! Another question that's actually three questions within a question. Okay, fine… You're aware mental illness is a thing? Okay, I'll be less jerk-ish. 
This makes me think of people who claim or are related to or otherwise know people who claim to have had a 'near-death experience' or NDE. The problem with that whole thing is that it's suspiciously similar to the effects the centrifuge test has on the men and women training to be astronauts or fighter pilots. Those folks experience the same visions – often of saints, angels, dead relatives, etc. NDE's are nothing more than the brain vividly hallucinating sights, sounds, and the 'light at the end of the tunnel' as blood rushes from the brain to other parts of the body as it struggles to both maintain equilibrium and struggle to keep living . 
Throw in people who claim to see UFOs, Bigfoot, Slenderman, El Chupacabra, and Michael Bay's talent to this next part: some people make stuff up for attention. It's true. Or for financial gain. Or just for the goddamn fun of it. Dishonest people exist . Everywhere . 
As for people who claim to have a connection with Jesus? They're probably hearing voices in their head. That's mental illness . If a voice in my head tells me it's a good idea to go to a random child's birthday party, cold cock the clown in the chin, poo on the cake, and make love to the child's mother on the picnic table in front of the whole party, then I too would claim Jesus told me to do it since I? really wouldn't want to go to jail or the asylum . 
To wrap up Questions #8a, 8b, and 8c: miracles. Aren't those the same things that have become strangely scarce now that cameras and other recording devices exist? 
Question #9: What's your view of Dawkins, Hitchens and Harris? 
They could be less militant. Look, my fellow heathens, I'm a whole-hearted Atheist. I do not believe in any gods or supernatural beings of any kind and I fully understand the atrocities often carried out in the name of religion. That being said, I don't automatically leer down at those who are faithful. It's true that I used to leer down on people who were. That is until I was with my now ex-girlfriend (we broke up over stuff other than religion, mind you). She mellowed out my Atheism on account of the fact that she was raised Roman Catholic and still remained pretty spiritual in one sense or another as an adult while she also just happens (happened?) to be a wonderful person. Now, Dawkins, Hitchens, and Harris (you'll notice I use the Oxford comma in my writings, but to each their own) are brilliant, funny, and kind of a jerk, respectively. I understand how militant Dawkins is and Hitchens was; but, I have a hard time believing that if a faithful person respectfully approached them as a human being and simply wanted a light, brief conversation that they'd be or would have been anything but appreciative of the respect shown. Harris? Who knows? I think he's kind of a jerk. He's shown himself to be so in the past and I'm not even talking about the Real Time thing with Ben Affleck . I don't think that he was behaving at all bigoted on that occasion. 
Question #10: If there is no God, then why does every society have a religion? 
Because every society has roots that go back to a people who knew nothing and tried their best to explain things like fire, lightning, the sun, the moon, etc. That's how religion started: by people who knew nothing . That evolved (wink, wink) into people who wanted power which has now evolved (nudge, nudge) to people who want money; especially here in the United States. 
The Tea Party – which I will never be affiliated with despite being a Republican – is basically owned by people (namely the Kochs) who are using those people's faith as a method of moral, 'spiritual' corruption. The Kochs and the politicians they own – which are voted into power by the people they control through this hysteria which is primarily faith-driven – don't give a rat's asshole about the well-being or happiness of the 'Tea Patriots' or 'Tea Baggers' or anyone for that matter. They wouldn't piss on you if you were on fire; mostly because they are working to privatize pissing on people who are on fire and they'd really rather you paid for that service. 
By the way, ever noticed how each society's religion is different? That there is no single religion? It's almost as if each society made up their own shit along the way… 
Here's My Final Thought 
Look, being an Atheist isn't about being an elitist. Hell, Atheists all have different lifestyles, different hobbies, different daily routines, different tastes, preferences, opinions, political views, alignments; for Christ's sake we have different favorite movies, shows, musicians, genres, sexual positions, drugs, doctors, lawyers, ways to make fun of Michael Bay, etc. Atheism isn't a singular entity. It is a vast, diverse, wonderful place where all are welcome to discuss or even disagree so long as they discuss and disagree politely. 
The only thing all Atheist groups share is that we don't believe in god, the devil, Zeus, Odin, healing crystals, the medicinal uses of wind chimes or any of that stuff. We're happy to live peacefully with you if you're happy to live peacefully with us. The only reason Atheists tend to appear so combative is because pretty often? we are the ones under attack and so we are always on guard . Be it by the laws religious politicians push or name-calling on Facebook or willful ignorance about the state of the country and world or seeing good people suffer throughout the world we find ourselves and our views threatened simply because we choose not to worship on our knees. We choose instead to live on our feet. We help others not because we are told it is moral by a deity, but because we feel it's the right, just, human thing to do. 
Let us know your thoughts at the Liberal America Facebook page . Sign up for our free daily newsletter to receive more great stories like this one. 
About Jonathan Lenhardt 
I'm Jonathan Lenhardt; fiscally conservative, socially liberal Republican. I'm pro-choice, pro-2nd Amendment, anti-Tea Party, and happily atheist just to name a sparse few things about me. You can direct all hate mail to [email protected] Also, you can find me on Google+, Twitter (@JonLenTheLC), and I have an L.C.-specific Facebook page (Jonathan Lenhardt, The Liberal Conservative). Connect
ARTICLE

4 Fascinating Things Quantum Physics Does In Nature By Michael Danielson on November 9, 2015 Subscribe 
Quantum Physics is a subject that is often discarded by everyday people as too esoteric or too new-agey (depending on which kind of QM you read about) to be useful in everyday life. We have all been introduced to QM as 'the science of stuff too small to really matter to everyday life.' But recent developments in biological science have revealed that life itself puts powerful quantum mechanical principles to use as an everyday part of its function. 'Quantum Biology' is one of the forefronts of modern science. Quantum Physics in Bird Navigation 
We've known for decades that many species of birds migrate each year, most famously from north to south as the temperature drops in the temperate zones. But how they navigate during those migrations has always been a mystery. The magnetic field the Earth produces is terribly weak compared to the other forces that act on an animal's body. Furthermore, biologists knew from studies that birds' compasses are light-dependent, and that they detect magnetic fields relative to the surface of the planet, not the poles. 
It wasn't until the rule of quantum entanglement developed that we began to develop a theory of how bird compasses worked. Without delving too far into the science, the theory is that bird's eyes contain a protein that itself contains millions of entangled electrons. When light enters the bird's eye, it knocks some of those entangled electrons loose, but leaves others attached to the protein molecules. 
The 'loose' electrons are much more dramatically affected by the Earth's magnetic field than the bound ones are, but the entanglement means the bound electrons move the same way. The subsequent 'wiggling' of the protein that the bound electrons are attached to can be perceived by the bird's retina and translated by its brain into a 'picture' of the magnetic field it's flying through. Quantum Physics in Photosynthesis 
Plants, it seems, use quantum mechanics for one of the most important aspects of life on Earth: turning sunlight into the power that life runs on. The biggest mystery of photosynthesis for as long as we've understood it is 'how is photosynthesis so efficient?' Our best machines achieve efficiencies of upwards of 30% — photosynthetic transfer of energy is upwards of 99% efficient. There are so many directions a photon could travel once it gets captured by a molecule of chlorophyll that science had no idea how such a high proportion of photons made it to the 'reaction center' where they were used in building new molecules. 
The answer turns out to be quantum coherence , the ability of a quantum particle to act like a wave until something 'decoheres' it. The theory is that photons enter plant cells, are captured by chlorophyll, and rather than traveling in a particle-like manner, they travel as waves , and the 'reaction center' has the ability to decohere those waves back into particle (photon) form. Quantum Physics In Your Digestion 
Enzymes are catalysts — chemicals that trigger other chemical creations. But for decades, scientists have been unable to determine how enzymes can speed up reactions so much: up to a trillion times faster than they would naturally occur. Recent research has shown that enzymes may be a trigger of quantum coherence — as above — using the 'wave side' of the wave-particle quality to cause electrons and even protons to simply 'teleport' from one atom to another, bypassing the need for time, heat, and all of the other factors that enable or speed up classical chemical reactions. Quantum Physics In Your Sense of Self 
Finally, worthy of a mention in passing is the theory being debated right now by many scientists: that quantum mechanics are fundamental to our consciousness . For centuries, humans have proposed 'second processing systems' in the brain or body that run parallel to our normal neuron firings, and that these overlapping systems are what give rise to our ability to mentally separate ourselves from our circumstances — what we call 'being conscious.' 
Recent evidence has come up that the cytokine in the brain — what we used to think of as the 'brain's skeleton,' holding it all together — is in fact a massive quantum processor. Laced with what the scientists call 'microtubules' that vibrate at incredible speeds, the cytokine system appears to be operating on the quantum level as a 'trinary' computer — able to hold values of 'on,''off,' and the quantum superposition of being both on and off at the same time. 
What exactly this would enable our 'secondary processing system' to accomplish is currently being explored — but the results, if we find them, are bound to change a lot of our fundamental assumptions about what we, as human beings, are capable of. 
Featured image courtesy of Cristóbal Alvarado Minic via Flickr. Shared using a Creative Commons license. About Michael Danielson 
Michael "Mr. Write" Danielson is a full-time writer based in Shelton, Washington with a live-in research assistant he also happens to be married to and a live-in research dissistant who also happens to be his 7-year-old son. He's politically oriented in the same direction that a vial of Bernie Sanders' tears blessed by Pope Francis in a civil ceremony attended by Noam Chomsky and the entire administrative body of Planned Parenthood then sprinkled over the ghost of FDR by the light of the final episode of Phineas and Ferb playing on a projection TV powered entirely by kombucha and seitan would be oriented. He is not afraid of complex, run-on sentences as long as they get the point across, preferably with a little bit of poetry in. Also, he's really, intensely fond of bleeding-edge quantum physics research, and posts often on Quora about how everyone has economics all wrong. Like, all of it. Connect
ARTICLE

Here Is The Most Dangerous iPhone Case You Can Own By Joe Clark on July 9, 2015 Subscribe 
There are some things in life that humans create that are just plain stupid and dangerous.?Underwear embedded with fireworks, glass motorcycle helmets, and the current Republican Party — just to name a few. 
But this new brilliantly stupid invention may just win this year's Darwin Award.?Someone's created an iPhone case?that looks like a handgun. 
Here's what Della Fave, a spokesman for the Ocean County Prosecutor's Office in New Jersey, had to say about this new product. ?The first thing a police officer is going to see as it's coming up is the trigger guard and the butt of the gun. This doesn't seem like a good idea at all to me.? 
Ocean County issued a statement via Facebook. 
Please folks – this cell phone case is not a cool product or a good idea. A police officers job is hard enough, without… 
Posted by Ocean County Prosecutor's Office on Monday, June 29, 2015 
The case is being sold online at prices ranging from $5 to $49. We are not sure who manufactures the iPhone case. 
Authorities are cautioning people against buying this product, although legally there is nothing saying that they can't.?Fave had this to say: ?If someone reaches for it, in my mind they're reaching for a gun.? 
NYPD tweeted this: I would NOT suggest purchasing this cell phone case, which was designed to look like a firearm. #BeSmart #BeSafe pic.twitter.com/swsWzD1sdY 
— NYPD 112th Precinct (@NYPD112Pct) June 30, 2015 
I would urge all parents to not let your kids buy or wear this deadly accessory. 
Here's a video story about this deadly iPhone case.
ARTICLE

West Point Academy And Children Are The New Champions For Gay Marriage By Jonathan Lenhardt on November 4, 2013 Subscribe 
Another day, another bit of ground my socially conservative Republican counterparts have lost on the gay marriage debate. This past Saturday, November 2, 2013 West Point Military Academy's Cadet Chapel hosted the first ever male same-sex marriage ceremony . This follows two female same-sex marriages late in 2012. 
Needless to say, somebody at the academy has decided to join the 21st Century and not a moment too soon; gay marriage was made legal in New York State way back in mid-2011 . Still, long time coming aside, it was a huge day for West Point graduates 28-year-old Larry Choate III (Class of 2009), and 27-year-old Daniel Lennox (Class of 2007), and we at Liberal America sent our congratulations. 
Sadly, however, there is still a raging debate on gay marriage and whether or not it should be made legal courtesy of the Big G, (U.S. Federal Government). Fifty two percent of Americans say yes according to a Gallup poll conducted this past July, and we already know what we, here at The Liberal Conservative , think about federal laws on not just gay marriage but marriage in general – spoiler alert: we're for gay marriage, just not via federal law. 
Now the thing that the far-right, Tea Party-indoctrinated 'Republicans,' have to realize is that there is a certain group of people to which they have fallen behind on this matter, and many others. This is a group of people that they should be ashamed and embarrassed to have fallen behind. This is a group of people who have proven to be more mature, more merciful, kinder, and warmer than they are. 
Children . 
If you've ever checked out any of the ?Kids React To…? videos on YouTube such as the one above or this one or – more importantly – this one , then you're familiar with the work of The Fine Brothers , Benny and Rafi. They've been at this for a while now and, as The Daily Dot explains, when they're not getting kids' reactions to things like, Nyan Cat, Justin Bieber, or Rebecca Black, they have their delightful cast of youngsters tackling issues like race relations, rape culture, bullying, and, yes, ?gay marriage. 
Thirteen children were asked to react to videos of same-sex marriage proposals and offer their opinion. With the exception of a single young boy, the children reacted universally positive; and then with anger when they inevitably discover that not everybody is allowed to marry who they love in the United States – the 'freest' nation on Earth. 
To the proposals themselves the kids, Californians aged 5 to 13 years, were floored by the displays of love they were fortunate to witness in the videos. And when he discovered the truth about gay marriage in America young Dylan wondered: 
Why would you be that mean to someone? 
Indeed. Why would we be that mean to someone? 
Someone in the audience yells 'Religion!' and I roll my eyes in disappointed concurrence. 
This author's personal favorite reaction comes from 5-year-old Lucas who, apart from looking gloriously like Zachary Quinto as Spock, turns to one of the Fines after the first video and asks 'So, they're gay?' When this is confirmed he simply lets out a nonchalant and confirming, 'Oh.' Standing against gay marriage is..illogical.
ARTICLE

Subscribe My daughter and me 
Yesterday was National Daughter's Day! I know this because Facebook told me so; well, maybe not Mark Zuckerberg himself, but all my friends on Facebook were posting pictures of their daughters and celebrating National Daughter's Day so it must be true, right? 
Actually, I Googled it, and guess what??? September 24 is NOT National Daughter's Day…According to Wikipedia , National Daughter's Day is August 11th. This little snippet in Wikipedia also stated that National Daughter's Day originated from the Bible. I have done some more digging, and honestly, I can't find proof for either the day or the fact that the Bible calls for it. So it got me to thinking… 
How did a day, which didn't actually exist, go viral in just a few hours on Facebook? There has to be a need which something like this fills or else the entire Facebook population wouldn't have jumped on it so quickly. 
Then it hit me. We love our daughters! It really is that simple. We love our daughters so much that we felt we needed to tell them so publicly on Facebook. I saw some of the cutest baby pictures and some of the sweetest words of love scroll through my Facebook feed yesterday. Mothers and fathers discussing how sweet their little girls were and exclaiming pride in the women they had become. All ages were represented. It was really quite moving, and it was a wonderful change from the politics and hatred I normally see there. 
My question is, why did we need to create a fictitious holiday to say these things. We all know our society is in desperate need of love, but yesterday also proved that our society is desperate to show love. It is OK to tell the world you love your daughter, or for that matter, your son, your wife, your husband, your life partner, your best friend, your ex, your mailman, your mother, your dog, or your local friendly hardware store worker. You don't need a special occasion or an official day. We don't have to all agree it is OK to do it on that particular day. 
Just love. Show it openly. Tell the world and Facebook. Do it every day. It's in your DNA. You need it. 
I declare today National I Am Going To Post About Who I Love Day…every day. 
By the way… My daughter, Mallory, is intelligent, beautiful, and compassionate, and I am blessed that she calls me Mom. Just thought I would throw that in since it is National I Am Going To Post About Who I Love Day! Now faith, hope, and love remain—these three things—and the greatest of these is love. 1 Corinthians 13 About Melanie Tubbs 
Melanie Tubbs is a professor, pastor, mother, Mimi, and true Arkansas woman. She lives with six cats and two dogs on a quiet hill in a rural county where she pastors a church and teaches history at the local university. Her slightly addictive personality comes out in shameful Netflix binges and a massive collection of books. Vegetarian cooking, reading mountains of books for her seminary classes, and crocheting for the churches prayer shawl ministry take up most of her free time, and sharing the love of Christ forms the direction of her life. May the Peace of Christ be with You. Connect
ARTICLE

A Group Of Reluctant Men Hold Kittens For The First Time. Hilarity Ensures By Tiffany Willis on September 14, 2014 Subscribe Screengrab via YouTube 
Not everyone is a cat fan, and not everyone finds kittens adorable. I confess: I've always been a dog person, actually, but in recent years, I've become very attached to my adorable cats , too. 
In this video, a group of big burly guys visited a feral cat rescue shelter and were given the opportunity to play with the kittens. They were reluctant, but you can quickly see how they transformed. This is priceless. 
Let us know your thoughts at the Liberal America Facebook page . Sign up for our free daily newsletter to receive more great stories like this one. 
Tiffany Willis is the founder and editor-in-chief of Liberal America. An unapologetic member of the Christian Left, she has spent most of her career actively working with ?the least of these? and disadvantaged and oppressed populations. She's passionate about their struggles. To stay on top of topics she discusses,?like her? Facebook page ,? follow her on Twitter , or? connect with her via LinkedIn . She also has?a? grossly neglected personal blog ?and a? literary quotes blog that is a labor of love . Find her somewhere and join the discussion. About Tiffany Willis 
Tiffany Willis is a fifth-generation Texan, a proponent of voluntary simplicity, a single mom, and the founder and editor-in-chief of Liberal America. An unapologetic member of the Christian Left, she has spent most of her career actively working with 'the least of these" -- disadvantaged and oppressed populations, the elderly, people living in poverty, at-risk youth, and unemployed people. She is a Certified Workforce Expert with the National Workforce Institute , a NAWDP Certified Workforce Development Professional, and a certified instructor for Franklin Covey's 7 Habits of Highly Effective Teens . Follow her on Twitter , Facebook , or LinkedIn . She also has a grossly neglected personal blog , a Time Travel blog , a site dedicated to encouraging people to read classic literature 15 minutes a day , and a literary quotes blog that is a labor of love . Find her somewhere and join the discussion. Click here to buy Tiff a mojito. Connect
ARTICLE

7 Photos That Capture Shocking Differences In Social Classes (IMAGES) By Stephanie Kuklish on November 26, 2013 Trends are ever changing but Social Class seems to only get worse. 489 Subscribe 
Throughout history it has been very apparent that there are generally three distinct classes of people; the poor, the less poor, and the very rich. The 'middle class' is a phenomenon of recent centuries. No matter how much the government tries to subsection us, rename us, and create different social groups, it always falls back to these three main groups of people. 
Unfortunately, in this day and age, the middle class is disappearing and it seems that soon we may be looking at two social cultures; the extremely poor, and the extremely rich. 
These?seven pictures capture the contrast of diverse social classes, side by side in the same photo. Not much has changed over time.
ARTICLE

IMPLOSION: Trump Campaign Insiders Report–'Think Of The Bunker Before Hitler Killed Himself' By Andrew Bradford on October 30, 2016 Subscribe 
For months, Donald Trump has assuring his supporters that he is going to win on November 8. This is despite nearly every poll showing him behind by as much as 12 points. And now we have an inside look at the Trump campaign which would seem to indicate that the entire campaign apparatus is on the verge of collapsing on itself. 
New York magazine has just published an article by Gabriel Sherman in which one Trump staffer commented: 'Think of the bunker right before Hitler killed himself. Donald's in denial. They're all in denial.' 
Overall, the mood of the staff working out of Trump Tower goes from gloom, denial, rage, and glee on Friday when the FBI reported it would review new materials in the investigation of Hillary Clinton's use of a private email server while she was still Secretary of State. 
While the Trump camp should be able to make hay of the announcement from FBI Director James Comey, one problem remains: The candidate is so undisciplined that any progress made is quickly undone by Trump himself. As a top donor told Sherman : 'Trump has the following personality: NIH-NFW, meaning 'If it's not invented here, not invented behind these eyes, then it's no fucking way.'' 
Sherman's report echoes another article from the New York Times in which an advisor to the GOP nominee commented: 'In Trumpworld as Hitler's Bunker terms (it's) like when Goebbels thought FDR's death would save the Nazi regime.' 
And plans for what comes after the election–rumors of a new Trump TV network–also seem unlikely some inside the inner circle reveal. One prominent member of the GOP told Sherman: 'It's too expensive. Trump won't put his own money in.' 
Disgraced former Fox News CEO Roger Ailes has parted ways with Trump, reportedly because the candidate refused to stay on message and follow direction from campaign staff. Others are also positioning themselves for what happens after the election is over with. One former Mitt Romney staffer says the lifeboats are out early: 'It's a window into a campaign in a downward spiral when the positioning begins, but I've never seen it begin this early.' 
So was the entire Trump campaign nothing more than ego fulfillment and an attempt to gain endless media attention for the Donald? With nine days left, that explanation seems to be the most likely reason Trump embarked on this suicide mission in the first place. 
Featured Image Via Gage Skidmore for Flickr available under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 2.0 Generic License About Andrew Bradford 
Andrew Bradford is a single father who lives in Atlanta. A member of the Christian Left, he has worked in the fields of academia, journalism, and political consulting. His passions are art, music, food, and literature. He believes in equal rights and justice for all. To see what else he likes to write about, check out his blog at Deepleftfield.info. Connect
ARTICLE

Subscribe 
Dear GOP Presidential Candidate Donald Trump, 
I just watched a portion of your interview from Sunday night and I was appalled. You seriously need to be put over someone's knee. 
You are running for the highest leadership position in this country and you are carrying on like a spoiled little toddler, stomping your feet and throwing temper tantrums and hollering all over social media. Hollering things like 'Stop calling me names!''I hate you!''You're being mean to me!''I'm telling my mommy!' are not things that an adult man does – those are things that a toddler does. 
Here is a prime example : 'In what is now a familiar pattern, Donald Trump took to Twitter following his interview in order to trash the interviewer and whine about how the questions were supposedly stacked against him.' 
Guess what? Running this country is HARD. It isn't for whiners. Not once have I heard President Obama whine about you running him through the ringer about his birth certificate. Not once have I heard him whine when people in public office have disrespected him. Not once have I heard him whine when Congress has voted against his programs simply because he is a black man and they don't like him. Not once in almost seven years has that man whined that Fox News has said something bad about him. Not once. Let that sink in. 
I ain't your mommy, but I am a mom. Nothing more – Just A Mom. I have a normal kid. But for a few minutes here I'm going to pretend you're my son because you really seem to need a mom's advice. When my kid has a temper tantrum, she gets sent to her room. When she can talk calmly to adults, she is allowed to come out and we discuss what she did wrong. 
I'm thinking that maybe no one ever did that for you. No one ever said 'No' to you. You never got a spanking, literally or figuratively. 
You are acting like an insufferable ass. The United States is not a dictatorship. It is not a corporation that you can run into the ground and file bankruptcy on. It is a democratic government that is set up with three distinct branches of government. Those three branches of government are designed to act with a series of checks and balances to ensure that no one person has the authority or the ability to make horrid decisions, treat people in a sucky way, and waste our tax dollars on frivolities. 
Here is a link to a children's website , where they spell it out at a level that even you should be able to comprehend. 
By saying ' We'll see ' every time the interviewer reminded you of this system of checks and balances you displayed your ignorance of how our government works. My 12-year-old knows more about government than you appear to. 
This is not a media circus for you to use to continue pumping hot air into the atmosphere. Global climate change is already a problem and your constant bloviating is causing more detrimental effects than the farting cows. Stop treating this campaign like your very own little playground. It isn't. Our government is a democracy – that means that if hell freezes over and you do somehow manage to gain the presidency you work for us, the people of this country. 
Here's a thought – instead of building a wall that will cost billions, why don't you propose an amnesty program that could be enacted for a couple million? The sheer cost of deporting millions of people, only to turn around and let them back in 'legally' is an astronomical burden to place on already over-burdened tax payers. It is also the DUMBEST idea I have ever heard. Does having all that money remove any shred of common sense? Do you possess any ability to think reasonably? 
You would be amazed at how many cost-cutting things can be enacted if you think about them and come up with common sense solutions. The end goal is what you want to accomplish. 
Since your fellow Republicans are going to be the biggest stopping block on any type of an amnesty program – sell them on what they stand to GAIN from doing this as opposed to booting everyone out and building an asinine wall. 
You can't just think about 'The Donald' and how he feels about things. You have to consider each and every person in this country. You have to take our tax dollars and use them in the best way possible to make life better for us. This isn't all about you. You're just a potty-mouthed little boy that needs a bar of soap to wash your mouth out and a time-out to reflect on your actions lately. 
You can't act like a spoiled little toddler if you expect to be taken seriously as a GOP presidential candidate. You need to stop that silliness right now. Get your head out of your ass and look around. You have no clue how to run a government. If you want to continue acting like a toddler, no one will ever take you seriously. The voters in this country will not subject themselves to being ruled by a spoiled brat. 
Grow up, Donald.
ARTICLE

Entitled Customer Slams Restaurant On Yelp, What Happens Next Is Sheer Badassery By Tiffany Willis on October 11, 2014 Subscribe 
A customer ( Yelp name Sonal B) was visiting Kansas City for a conference when she decided to try to get take-out food from Voltaire , 'an upscale restaurant across the street from her conference building. The only problem with that is that Voltaire doesn't offer take-out and they never have, by policy.' The customer pitched a fit, threatened to get her 'lawyer' husband involved (and did), and threatened the manager with a bad Yelp review, which she did minutes after leaving the restaurant. 
But Voltaire's owner responded. And it was fabulous. 
The Yelp review: Most unfriendly and arrogant restaurant in KC. Just called Voltaire to try to order some food because we're in a late business meeting across the street. First, they refused to answer our question about what type of broth is used in the risotto. Then they said they won't pack food to go. My husband spoke to the manager and explained that we're in a conference room across the street, and asked if they can pack our dinner (which we would pick up). The hostess flat-out refused to answer our question about the food or to try and work with us so we could get food in our meeting. My husband asked to speak with the manager. The manager, Jamie, said, 'our food is plated beautifully, and we can't put it in a 'to go' container.' So thanks, Jamie, we'll just starve. (What the manager said is just not true by the way we've eaten there before, and they did pack our food to go.) When my husband said that he was going to post a Yelp review about the way the restaurant was treating us, the manager questioned, 'Are you a grown man and an adult?' Yes, Jamie, we are grown adults, and we do not do business with people who behave like you do. We regularly travel to NYC and eat at a variety of restaurants, which are more than happy to accommodate people by packing food to go. This restaurant thinks they're too good for their customers. They will soon learn that if you ignore your customers, they're going to start ignoring you. I would not even give this place one star after this experience, and I'm dismayed by their unprofessional and arrogant behavior. 
The owner's response: I sincerely apologize that we don't offer 'take-out' food at our restaurant. Being a Yelp user, I'm sure you were aware that on our Yelp business page, on the right side of the screen, it lists details about our establishment. There is an item listed 'Take-Out : No.' We have never offered take-out food as we believe the food we prepare should be presented as we see fit, (usually) on a plate inside the dining room. As for the risotto, its made with a vegetable stock – this dish is vegetarian, and I'm certain that who you were speaking with wanted to make extra certain the information provided to you was accurate. On your previous visits, you say you have witnessed dishes being boxed up as proof that we provide 'take-out' food. Although we do allow our guests to take their uneaten food with them in to-go boxes after they have dined with us, we have never offered 'take-out' food. If you were actually starving, as in a life threatening condition requiring nutritional sustenance, we would be happy to assist you..we do make exceptions for emergency situations. Our general manager did question the age/maturity of your husband after he became combative and threatened us with a negative Yelp review if we did not alter our operational practice and provide him with 'take-out' food. 15 minutes later you indeed came through with this threat. I can assure you that we don't offer 'take-out' food because we feel we are 'too good' for our customers; we just prefer to have our guests dine with us, allowing for the proper presentation (and temperature) of their fare that has been skillfully prepared by our kitchen. I am very pleased that you frequent New York. We travel often as well. And I can assure you that there are many restaurants in NYC that do not offer 'take-out' food. Although there are many other options that do – in Kansas City as well (Go Royals!). It was made REPEATEDLY clear in the conversation with your husband that he is a lawyer. Let me provide the following analogy/role reversal-it may assist in clarifying your request. YOU: I want to hire you to handle my divorce. ME: But, I'm a tax lawyer. YOU: I don't care I want you to handle my divorce. ME: Sorry, but I don't practice that form of law. YOU: Just handle my divorce, I'll pay you-it will be fine. ME: I don't feel comfortable providing my services as a divorce lawyer, as I am a tax lawyer. You won't receive the service you are wanting or that I am willing to provide. YOU: Well, I travel to NYC often, and in NYC, Tax lawyers handle my divorce litigation all the time. I don't know what the problem is. I've told you I'm a chef, right? ME: Well, that's nice sir, but I really can't help you. It goes against my business practice. YOU: If you don't represent me in my divorce, I'm going to post it all over the [most frequented social media review of lawyers] that you refused to provide me with the service I requested, and make baseless allegations about how you are very pretentious, arrogant and unprofessional. I will also try to prevent you from getting any additional business by damning you on said social media platform. Now will you represent me? ME: I don't take kindly to threats. Thanks for your feedback. We will let you know if we decide in the future to practice divorce law, I mean, provide 'take-out' food. 
Let us know your thoughts at the Liberal America Facebook page . Sign up for our free daily newsletter to receive more great stories like this one. 
h/t NextShark About Tiffany Willis 
Tiffany Willis is a fifth-generation Texan, a proponent of voluntary simplicity, a single mom, and the founder and editor-in-chief of Liberal America. An unapologetic member of the Christian Left, she has spent most of her career actively working with 'the least of these" -- disadvantaged and oppressed populations, the elderly, people living in poverty, at-risk youth, and unemployed people. She is a Certified Workforce Expert with the National Workforce Institute , a NAWDP Certified Workforce Development Professional, and a certified instructor for Franklin Covey's 7 Habits of Highly Effective Teens . Follow her on Twitter , Facebook , or LinkedIn . She also has a grossly neglected personal blog , a Time Travel blog , a site dedicated to encouraging people to read classic literature 15 minutes a day , and a literary quotes blog that is a labor of love . Find her somewhere and join the discussion. Click here to buy Tiff a mojito. Connect
ARTICLE

The Reason Why Jade Helm Is Obama's Favorite Conspiracy Theory May Surprise You By Kristie on November 22, 2015 Subscribe 
President Obama has had to deal with his fair share of conspiracy theories. Even before he was elected he had to deal with questions about his origin of birth. He's also secretly a Muslim masquerading as a Christian. One of the best is that he is going to unarm Americans by taking our guns. I'm still waiting on that one. But in a recent GQ interview , President Obama revealed his favorite conspiracy theory – Jade Helm. Featured image by Boricuaeddie , available under a Creative Commons Attribution-Noncommercial license. 
As most will recall, Jade Helm was one of the largest military training exercise ever conducted on U.S. soil. In July of this year, roughly 1,200 U.S. military troops participated in exercises that spanned seven states. Jade Helm included New Mexico, Arizona, and Texas. As we all know though, this exercise proved itself to be a great opportunity for the bitter right-wing to start up the conspiracy machine. 
While this resulted in great ratings for the likes of Alex Jones , Jade Helm turned out to be a — military exercise — not a military led plot for Obama to take over the country and stay in power as a dictator. No wonder Jade Helm entertained Obama. Only a right-wing nut-job would believe something like that. 
But why is that Obama's favorite conspiracy theory? He explained after GQ asked : 'What's the most entertaining conspiracy theory you ever read about yourself?' 
Obama then answered : 'That military exercises we were doing in Texas were designed to begin martial law so that I could usurp the Constitution and stay in power longer. Anybody who thinks I could get away with telling Michelle I'm going to be president any longer than eight years does not know my wife.' 
You see, even the leader of the free world answers to somebody. About Kristie 
Kristie is 22-years-old and resides in Nashville, TN. While reading is a passion, she also has a passion for writing. Reporting on social issues such as LGBT rights, racial injustices, and religious intolerance, she also has a vested interest in the current political climate in America. Connect
ARTICLE

Despite Gaining Some In The National Polls, The Electoral Math Remains Dismal For Trump   
Allow me to be the voice of reason and sanity amidst a storm of doubt, recrimination, and uncertainty. Yes, Donald Trump has narrowed the margin since the news from FBI Director James Comey on Friday that information 'pertinent' to the matter of Hillary Clinton's email server had been found on a device belonging to disgraced Congressman and sexting freak Anthony Weiner, but it's time to look beyond the superficial statistics and dive a bit deeper into the real math which wins Presidential elections. 
The ABC News/Washington Post national tracking poll shows Trump within 1 point of Hillary Clinton in a four-way race that includes Libertarian candidate Gary Johnson and Green Party nominee Jill Stein. Last week, that same poll had Clinton up nationally by 12 points. Oh my gosh! She lost 11 points in a single week? No. That's nearly impossible to have happened, which means there is a better than 99 percent chance it hasn't. 
Also, one does not win a Presidential election on the national level. Such races are won on a state-by-state basis and then electoral votes are awarded to whatever candidate wins a particular state. In other words, the race between Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump is 50 individual state races which will determine who the next occupant of the Oval Office will be. 
So, if we look at the aggregate polling data–i.e. data from many polls–we see that based on that information the HuffPost Pollster model shows Clinton leading by 7 points in a two-way race and 6 points when third party candidates are included . 
OK, you can breathe now. 
Also, despite the recent fluctuations in national polls, there remains virtually no discernible path by which Trump can get the 270 electoral votes needed to win the election. Now this isn't to say that we can all just sit back and expect others to do our voting for us. All of us–liberals, progressives, moderates, the rational and sane who do not want to give a psychopath nuclear weapons–have to get out and vote for Clinton if we value our future and those of our families. 
Thanks once again to the good folks at the Huffington Post, we can clearly see that Hillary Clinton now has a 98 percent chance of being the next President of the United States. 
Whew! Feeling much better now. 
Are you kidding me?! Get up off your duff and go vote! This is no time for complacency! The fate of this country and the entire world is at stake. 
So don't fret, but DO VOTE! 
Featured Image Via CBS Miami  
ARTICLE

Trump Supporter Screams At Press, Uses Anti-Semitic Slurs, Brands Them 'The Enemy' (VIDEO)   
Even though the Trump campaign tries desperately to deny that many of their supporters are racist jackasses, the actions of some acolytes who support the GOP nominee continue to prove otherwise. 
Take for example a man at a Trump campaign rally held in Phoenix on Saturday. This enraged man began taunting members of the media with chants of 'Jew S. A.' in place of USA. This same rabid moron also accused members of the press who were simply doing their jobs of being 'the enemy' and 'working for the devil.' So this just happened near the press pen at Trump's Phoenix rally. Man chanting "Jew.S.A.!" pic.twitter.com/DpG9G6BtqO 
— Ashley Killough (@KilloughCNN) October 29, 2016 Guy chants "Jew-S-A" in front of press pen pic.twitter.com/2yqgA6dD4k 
— Nick Corasaniti (@NYTnickc) October 29, 2016 
For his part, Trump riled up his rally filled with deplorables by telling them : 'When the outcome is fixed, when the system is rigged, people lose hope. They stop dreaming. They stop trying. Hillary Clinton's corruption is corrosive to the soul of our nation and it must be stopped.' 
What is both maddening and simultaneously pathetic is that many of these enraged Trump voters are losers who need someone to blame their own inadequacies on. They are often poorly educated and have low-paying jobs. But then again, if you fail to educate yourself or prepare for the job market by learning a trade or getting a degree, that is at least in part your own fault. But to try and direct your anger at others–be they African-Americans, Hispanics, or women–only proves your own impotence. Rather than facing their failures and trying to better themselves, these narcissistic simpletons choose to hate those who set goals and accomplish them. 
The type of Trump supporter who shouted at members of the media in Phoenix cannot face one simple fact: He or she has a made a mess of their life and the pain is too much to take. Therefore they lash out at others with hatred and bile. They cannot face one simple fact: Their time has passed and the future has caught up with them, just as it will catch up with Donald Trump on November 8. 
Featured Image Via NBC News Screengrab  
ARTICLE

DOJ COMPLAINT: Comey Under Fire Over Partisan Witch Hunt For Hillary (TWEETS/VIDEO) By Natalie Dailey on October 30, 2016 Subscribe 
For pretty much this entire election, Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton has gotten flak for the way she handled her emails during her tenure as Secretary of State. Congressional Republicans grilled her for hours about it, but have found nothing. These same Republicans just keep on complaining anyway. 
Now, the Director of the FBI, James Comey, wrote a memo saying some newly-found emails may be linked to Hillary Clinton and her private server. 
The media and the supporters of Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump are excited about the possibility of the FBI reopening the investigation. 
Sorry, guys, it's not. 
A Republican Congressman started a Twitter shitstorm over this news: FBI Dir just informed me, "The FBI has learned of the existence of emails that appear to be pertinent to the investigation." Case reopened 
— Jason Chaffetz (@jasoninthehouse) October 28, 2016 
Speaker of the House, Paul Ryan (R-Wis), said that Clinton's security briefings should stop: BREAKING NEWS → The FBI is reopening its investigation into Secretary Hillary Clinton. 
My full statement ⇩ pic.twitter.com/LHfyg46dWk 
— Paul Ryan (@SpeakerRyan) October 28, 2016 
At least Hillary Clinton didn't blab classified information on television. 
Many news outlets falsely reported that the entire investigation was back on. 
The Associated Press tweeted: BREAKING: US official: Newly discovered emails related to Clinton investigation did not come from her private server. 
— AP Politics (@AP_Politics) October 28, 2016 
The emails were found during the investigation of disgraced ex-Congressman Anthony Weiner and his latest sexting scandal involving a 15-year-old girl. 
The FBI doesn't know for sure what is in the emails. It is very difficult to read emails when you don't have a warrant to do so. This puts Comey's letter to Congress in an even shadier light. All they know is that none of the emails are to or from Clinton herself, and they may only be duplicates of emails the FBI already has in their possession. 
The Department of Justice has received a complaint from the Democratic Coalition Against Trump accusing FBI Director Comey of violating the Hatch Act . 
The complaint reads in part: 'This is an election year, and we are just 11 days away from the date that the American public votes to choose the next President of the United States, I am writing to ask that an investigation be opened into Director Comey for any potential violations of the Hatch Act. The timing of this announcement, accompanied by the vague facts of the investigation, seems as if Director Comey was making a political move, and not a professional one.' 
Passed in 1939, the Hatch Act limits political activity of federal employees and certain state and D.C. employees who work with federal funding. It is meant to keep federal agencies from taking sides politically, and prevents employees from getting promotions based on political affiliations.
ARTICLE

Inside The Dark Mind Of A White Mississippi Criminal Court Judge (VIDEO) By Joe Clark on October 21, 2015 Subscribe 
Mississippi Circuit Court Judge Marcus D. Gordon recently sat down with Fault Lines correspondent Anjali Kamat with the Aljazeera America network. Judge Gordon preceded to explain how the criminal justice system worked in Mississippi. His answers were sobering to say the least. Here are a few questions and answers from the interview . You can read the entire interview here . The bold text is Kamat the non-bold text is Gordon. Circuit Court Judge Marcus D. Gordon (C-SPAN) via Raw Story Question: 'A number of recent studies have shown that having state public defenders can be more cost effective and provide better representation for defendants. So I'm curious why you wouldn't petition for a state system. Judge Gordon's response: Because I don't have the authority. That's above me. I have a responsibility of civil and criminal cases all over four counties. Lady, I work from Monday to Friday night. Question: The inmates we spoke to said they spent maybe 10 minutes with their public defender, and they met their public defender for the first time a few days before trial. Judge Gordon's response: Are you believing the statements of the defendants? They will tell you anything you want to hear. Question: We spoke to a number of inmates who say they have been waiting to speak to an attorney for nearly a year. Judge Gordon's response: Well, that's not right. I know that's not right. But I don't know that happens. I never know who is in jail. The sheriff doesn't come and tell me. The prosecutors don't tell me. And the defense attorneys don't tell me. I might read it in the newspaper, but that's usually the way I find out about it. Question: They said they had asked for public defenders and that investigators told them it's your policy to wait until after they are indicted. Judge Gordon's response: When they prove that they are indigent, they cannot afford to hire a lawyer. Question: At what point do they have to prove that they are indigent? Judge Gordon's response: At the time of the indictment—at which point, I will appoint them an attorney. Question: But what if months pass between the arrest and the time of indictment? Judge Gordon's response: Lady, people charged with crimes, they are criminals. And they say what meets their purpose. Now they told you they had requested an attorney. They had not requested an attorney in 98 percent of the cases. You never hear of that. I never hear of that. I don't know whether they have requested an attorney or not. They would not be entitled to an attorney until indictment, as a policy of this district by myself and the other circuit judge. It would be an additional burden on trial attorneys to go out there and investigate every single case. Question: But these people are spending months before speaking to counsel. Judge Gordon's response: Well, that may be true. That's the hardship of the criminal system. Question: Are their rights being violated? Judge Gordon's response: Lady, the criminal system is a system of criminals. Sure, their rights are violated. But not all rights are violated that you're calling violation. Question: You do acknowledge that because of this policy, some prisoners' rights are being violated? Judge Gordon's response: I do not acknowledge that. I do know that there are innocent people, who are charged and go through the system who are not guilty, in the penitentiary. But there is nothing I can do about that. Question: Do you think it's unfair that if a person has enough money and can hire a private attorney, they get access to a better system of justice than an indigent defendant? Judge Gordon's response: I do not think that. 
I'm just going to end it right here. It's clear that we can see a pattern emerging from Judge Gordon's mindset. If you are arrested for a crime, you are a criminal. 
The dismissive contempt he has for his fellow citizens is astounding; however, his attitude is not unusual for most authority figures in America's criminal justice system. From police officers to judges, and even down to parole officers, too many share the same mentality. Too many of these authority figures are just punching a clock, viewing the people whose lives they affect on a day-to-day basis as being nothing more than faceless numbers to be processed before they clock out for the day. 
This is the true poison which infects our legal system: pure apathy. In the minds of men like Judge Gordon, the people standing before him are nothing but criminals and deserve nothing but his contempt. If some of their rights are violated, oh well. 
It's time America woke up to the truth and started to realize that the people we send through the system rarely have a fighting chance unless they have money. 
The enormous disconnect between those in power and the average citizen may seem like a bottomless gulf. However, I believe that as more Americans wake up, they will be able to slowly build a bridge. There will always be a gulf between those with authority and those without. It's up to the people to maintain a functioning bridge in order to keep the system in check. It starts with insisting that the entire criminal justice system's culture change. We do this by promoting those who think differently than men like Judge Gordon. 
Here's a video of this judge in action.
ARTICLE

Subscribe 
One of the best things about my childhood was that I lived within walking distance of a library. It wasn't a huge library, but it fed my hunger for escape and story. 
Because of this, I have a special place in my heart for librarians. I'm pretty sure I was a hella annoying kid (none of us really changes over time….we only become more fully what we are. – Anne Rice). But our librarian never let on if I annoyed her. Or maybe she was just the kind of saintly librarian who enjoyed kids who liked learning? I dunno. But we'd go and spend hours, whole days even. It was Nirvana! 
From ForReadingAddicts : This is an absolutely brilliant Parody of Bohemian Rhapsody, created by the Shoalhaven Library Staff to celebrate the end of the the school year, and all I can say is….. 'Well, that escalated! 
Indeed. Don't be fooled by the slow start of this video. These brainiacs drop the mic! 
Watch: About Tiffany Willis 
Tiffany Willis is a fifth-generation Texan, a proponent of voluntary simplicity, a single mom, and the founder and editor-in-chief of Liberal America. An unapologetic member of the Christian Left, she has spent most of her career actively working with 'the least of these" -- disadvantaged and oppressed populations, the elderly, people living in poverty, at-risk youth, and unemployed people. She is a Certified Workforce Expert with the National Workforce Institute , a NAWDP Certified Workforce Development Professional, and a certified instructor for Franklin Covey's 7 Habits of Highly Effective Teens . Follow her on Twitter , Facebook , or LinkedIn . She also has a grossly neglected personal blog , a Time Travel blog , a site dedicated to encouraging people to read classic literature 15 minutes a day , and a literary quotes blog that is a labor of love . Find her somewhere and join the discussion. Click here to buy Tiff a mojito. Connect
ARTICLE

Speaker At Trump Rally Says He Hopes Hillary Clinton Dies In A Fiery Car Crash (VIDEO) By Andrew Bradford on October 30, 2016 Subscribe 
When historians write accounts of the 2016 race for the White House, it's very likely that one of the things which will get special attention is the level of violence–both physical and verbal–which has emanated from those who slavishly support GOP nominee Donald Trump. 
If you doubt this fact, consider what was said earlier today at a Trump rally being held in Las Vegas. Author and self-described 'capitalist evangelist' Wayne Allyn Root was giving a rambling speech as a warm-up before Der Fuhrer Donald took the stage, and while portions of it were comparable to the rantings of Charles Manson after too much caffeine, it was the language Root used (highly militaristic and warlike) that you cannot help but notice. At various points in his unhinged diatribe, Root used the following phrases : 'Trump warriors' 'Trump army' 'Trump revolution' 
Then, in full psychotic rant, Root attempted to mix together plot elements from the O.J. Simpson case with the movies Driving Miss Daisy and Thelma and Louise , telling the ecstatic crowd : 'It's Hillary in a White Ford Bronco. She's got Huma driving and they're headed for the Mexican border. I have a name for the future TV movie. It's called Driving Miss Hillary. And the ending, if we all get our wish, is like Thelma and Louise!' 
Finally, Root ended his echo of Nuremberg by declaring: 'I will give you my country when you pry it from my cold dead hands.' 
When I listen to Wayne Allyn Root (or any of the other fanatical Trumpkins), the movie that comes to mind for me is One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest. 
Featured Image Via Right Wing Watch About Andrew Bradford 
Andrew Bradford is a single father who lives in Atlanta. A member of the Christian Left, he has worked in the fields of academia, journalism, and political consulting. His passions are art, music, food, and literature. He believes in equal rights and justice for all. To see what else he likes to write about, check out his blog at Deepleftfield.info. Connect
ARTICLE

While Donald Rakes In Donations From Poor Supporters, His Wealthy Kids Give ZILCH (VIDEO) By Ellen Brodsky on October 30, 2016 Subscribe 
If money talks, the Trump kids' lack of donations to their father's presidential campaign speaks volumes. Despite the fact that Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump's children are frequent surrogates for their father, they have not dug into their wallets for his White House run. 
According to The Daily Beast , the sum total of donations from Trump's four adult children is $376.20. That amount came from Eric Trump and was described as an in-kind donation for meals. But he was reimbursed the same amount that same day. 
The Trump kids have donated large sums for political causes in the past. According to a 2015 report by OpenSecrets.org : Daughter Ivanka Trump has donated over $130,000 to Republicans and Democrats; Son Donald Trump, Jr. has donated more than $80,000 to candidates and committees from both sides of the aisle; Son Eric Trump has given approximately $51,000, mostly to Republicans, and Trump's youngest daughter, Tiffany Trump, is not listed in the report. 
It's not just Trump's family that has refrained from donating to his campaign. Also missing from the Trump-donor rolls, according to The Daily Beast , are such prominent surrogates as Rudy Giuliani, Ben Carson, and Newt Gingrich. 
Meanwhile, The Daily Beast also notes, Trump is raking in lots of dough from small contributors: 'When the Trump campaign began soliciting online donations in June , the candidate asked for a paltry $10 from each contributor—an appeal his millionaire kids didn't respond to. The request resulted in a quick $3 million haul from his supporters though. And by September, Trump had paid his own businesses around $8.2 million , comprised of rent, food, and facilities and payroll for corporate staffers. He even used tens of thousands of dollars in campaign donations to buy copies of his own book .' 
Maybe Trump's inner circle hasn't donated because they know where the money's really going. 
The Young Turks' Cenk Uygur explains further how Trump uses campaign donations to line his own pockets: 
Watch this interview with the entire Trump clan : 

Featured Image: Screenshot Via YouTube Video. About Ellen Brodsky 
Ellen Brodsky is a long time blogger for NewsHounds.us and a contributor to Crooks and Liars. She has also worked as a researcher for Brave New Films' landmark documentary, "Outfoxed: Rupert Murdoch's War on Journalism" and "Iraq for Sale." Connect
ARTICLE

10 Strange Facts About Our Presidents   July 25, 2015 Subscribe 
They may well be some of the most recognizable men on the face of the Earth: Our Presidents. Think you know all there is to know from history about these men? Think again and take a look at these strange facts: Presidential Alligators 

Two different Presidents had pet alligators: John Quincy Adams and Herbert Hoover. 
Adams received his pet alligator as a gift from a French general, and it lived in an unfinished bathroom of the White House. Hoover's son had two alligators that frequently roamed the White House grounds. Bet that kept the Secret Service on their toes. Greek and Latin 

James Garfield, our 20th President, could write well with each hand, but he also could write Greek with one hand and Latin with the other at the same time! Try that sometime! Cool Coolidge 
Calvin Coolidge was fond of pranking the White House staff by pressing all the buttons in the Oval Office just to watch everyone run in frantically, unsure of what was wrong. The Rough Rider Roosevelt 
During a speech in Milwaukee, a failed assassin shot Teddy Roosevelt in the chest. His next words were, 'I don't know whether you fully understand that I have just been shot.' When everyone attempted to take him to the hospital, he waved them off and finished his 90 minute speech with the bullet still lodged in his chest! Now that's toughness! Dueling Jackson 
President Andrew Jackson was involved in over 100 duels, most to protect the reputation of his wife. In one, Jackson offered his opponent the first shot. The man shot Jackson, but Jackson merely shook it off, like it was a bee sting, then shot and killed the unlucky opponent. Fashion Model Before Gerald Ford was President, he worked as a fashion model in New York City. He even made it to the cover of Cosmopolitan with Phyllis Brown in 1942. Out-Of-This-World Carter 
Before he became President, Jimmy Carter was making a speech in Georgia when he saw a UFO. He filed a report of the incident with the International UFO Bureau stating that it was a self-illuminating, bright white object hovering in the sky. Bartender-In-Chief 
Before Abraham Lincoln was the President, he was a lawyer. But before that he was he was a bartender. He owned a saloon, Berry and Lincoln, with his friend William Berry. Bushusuru 
Poppy Bush was in Asia for a trade conference. At a state event held by the Japanese Prime Minister, Bush fainted after vomiting all over the banquet host. The Japanese later coined the term 'Bushusuru' meaning 'to do the Bush thing' or 'to vomit.' Gambling Harding 
Warren Harding loved to play poker, and during one game he bet a set of priceless White House china, which he promptly lost. 
h/t and All Images: BrainJet  
ARTICLE

Looking For Proof Of Evolution? You Can Find It On Your Own Body   March 20, 2016 Subscribe 
There are some who like to say that evolution is merely a theory and that man was created by God. The debate between the opposing ideas of evolution versus creationism have been going on for decades, and will probably never end, despite the fact that science conclusively proves evolution to be real and verifiable. 
Perhaps nothing proves evolution more than the existence of vestigial structures. Vestigial structures are what can best be called evolution's leftovers. They are body parts that have outlived the context through which they came to be. 
As this video from Vox proves, we carry these structures with us each and every day, and they should remind us of just how incredible and adaptable the human form truly is. 
Featured Image Via Vox  
ARTICLE

Fox Host Jeanine Pirro: FBI 'Disgraces And Politicizes' Itself With 'Wrong' Letter About Hillary Emails (VIDEO) By Darrell Lucus on October 30, 2016 Subscribe 
It's no surprise that Democrats are up in arms over FBI director James Comey's announcement to Congress that his agency was looking into emails that were potentially related to Hillary Clinton's email server. However, a number of Republicans–including a number of Comey's own agents–are also rolling their eyes in disgust . Well, on Saturday, another Republican joined that list . And that Republican happens to be a host on Fox News Channel. 
When Jeanine Pirro led off Saturday night's edition of 'Justice with Judge Jeanine,' she hiked eyebrows into hairlines by blasting the manner in which Comey and the FBI handled this matter. Watch here. 
Pirro got right to the point in her 'Opening Statement'–from where she's sitting, Comey's decision to send that letter 'both disgraces and politicizes the FBI' and was the definition of 'all that is wrong in Washington.' 
It's no secret that Pirro is a staunch Donald Trump supporter. Indeed, she has spent most of the campaign finding ways to attack Hillary–to the point that The Washington Post's Erik Wemple called her 'a key Fox News apologist for Trump.' But Pirro took off her red-tinted blinders long enough to come to the same conclusion as a number of other Republicans–there is no defence for the manner in which this was handled. 'Whether it's Hillary Clinton or anyone else, Comey's actions violate longstanding Justice Department policy, the directive of the person he works under, the Attorney General–but even more important, the most fundamental rules of fairness and impartiality.' 
On paper, unlike the average Fox News host, Pirro knows how investigations are supposed to be conducted. She was a prosecutor in Westchester County, New York–a wealthy suburban county north of New York City, and home to White Plains and Yonkers–for 15 years, a judge for three years, and Westchester County district attorney for 12 years. 
But Pirro takes what happened to Hillary personally as well. She recalled that in 2006, when she was the Republican candidate for New York state attorney general, the FBI announced it was investigating her for secretly recording her husband almost a month before the election. Pirro contended that this announcement, like Comey's announcement about the emails, ran counter to longstanding Justice Department policy against commenting on potentially politically-charged investigations for at least 60 days before an election. 
The investigation ultimately went nowhere. However, Pirro argued that 'the adverse publicity' cost her dearly at the polls; she was ultimately routed by future governor Andrew Cuomo. For her, Friday's announcement brought back memories of how she believed she was treated a decade earlier. 'What happened to me in 2006 was wrong. And what happened to Hillary Clinton yesterday was equally wrong.' 
In the interest of fairness, it's not likely that the announcement in and of itself cost Pirro the election. New York was swept up in a massive Democratic wave that year, one that saw Eliot Spitzer win the governorship with the second-biggest victory for a statewide race in New York history. 
Nonetheless, Pirro's point is very well taken–no responsible investigator should make public comments about politically-charged investigations this close to an election, unless there is something absolutely earth-shaking. She reminded her viewers that the DOJ/FBI rule against commenting publicly on politically-charged investigations is in place for a reason–'announcements so close to elections have an impact,' and the FBI should not even appear to have 'its finger on the scales of justice.' 
Like a judge scolding a lawyer, Pirro then knocked down two of the arguments that have been advanced in favor of Comey writing the letter. She didn't see anything in his congressional testimony that would have left him with no option short of a public announcement. What about fears of leaks? Well, Pirro said Comey should have collared the committee chairs to whom the letter was addressed and told them, 'If this gets out, I'll know that you did it.' Pirro left out what may have been the biggest argument of all–at the time, the FBI hadn't even obtained a warrant for those emails. It finally did so on Sunday night. 
Apparently Pirro anticipated that this wouldn't go over too well in fair and balanced land; she closed by reverting to the usual GOP talking point that Hillary would be facing charges right now had Comey conducted a real investigation in the first place. It didn't save her. Most of the commenters on two Facebook posts Pirro made on the matter have argued Comey had no other option. 
Then again, it's not entirely surprising. After all, most Fox News viewers don't think any Democratic president is legitimate in the first place, so apparently they're perfectly fine with fundamental fairness being thrown out the window. The mere fact that we have to applaud Pirro for having the guts to speak out against Comey's actions–which, at this point, seem incompetent at best–says a lot about the state of our discourse. And it isn't good. 
( featured image courtesy Pirro's Facebook) About Darrell Lucus 
Darrell is a 30-something graduate of the University of North Carolina who considers himself a journalist of the old school. An attempt to turn him into a member of the religious right in college only succeeded in turning him into the religious right's worst nightmare--a charismatic Christian who is an unapologetic liberal. His desire to stand up for those who have been scared into silence only increased when he survived an abusive three-year marriage. You may know him on Daily Kos as Christian Dem in NC . Follow him on Twitter @DarrellLucus or connect with him on Facebook . Click here to buy Darrell a Mello Yello. Connect
ARTICLE

WATCH: Human Rights Activists Are Targeting The China Dog Meat Festival By Travis Bille on April 24, 2016 Subscribe 
If you are easily sickened by dog cruelty, prepare yourself for this story. And if you have a dog or a cat that you love, I strongly encourage you to hold them and hug them right now as you read this. I assure you my three dogs are cuddled up with me as I write it. 
In Yulin, China, the government has gotten very good at looking the other way as the annual Yulin Festival brutally slaughters and consumes up to 10,000 dogs and 4,000 cats. Of course, the local government does not endorse the killing of dogs for meat. In fact, they've specifically said that they would ban the practice after the international outrage and online petitions sparked unwanted interest in the locals. 
But though it is no longer an officially-sanctioned festival, the yearly summer solstice celebration continues, the trading continues, the dog cruelty continues, and the outrage and protests grow larger every year. 
Those taking part in the festival insist that the animals come from mass breeding facilities, where they are specifically raised in humane conditions for this purpose. But a disturbing report from a Hong Kong-based group called Animals Asia says they found no evidence of any dog mass breeding facilities that could produce the animals at this level. 
The implication of this is what protesters have been saying for years: the dogs are either picked up as strays or, far too often, are family dogs stolen from their homes by city dog traders. Adam Parascandola of Humane Society International (HSI) confirms that many dogs rescued by protesters and brought to them are most definitely family pets: 'We've seen all manner of dog breeds coming in to the rescue shelters, some of them obviously someone's pet because they still have their collars on with their names.' 
Another excuse lobbed by festival-goers is that it's no different than other people who eat beef, pork, chicken, turkey, etc. However, one of the most prominent grievances against the festival has little to do with consuming the animals and everything to do with how they are slaughtered. 
In the U.S., the farming industry has been under the Humane Methods of Slaughter Act since 1958. That specific act had little oversight from the start, until Temple Grandin came in and revolutionized the industry . While the process is still not perfect, and perhaps the process of humane death can never be perfect, it nonetheless requires regularly-audited measures to ensure the least amount of suffering possible. 
The Yulin Festival, however, has no such standards. Dog cruelty on display shows dogs and cats regularly shoved a dozen at a time into small cages where they await their fate. That fate is to be traded or sold, followed by a torturous death reported to include being beaten, skinned alive, electrocuted, boiled, burned, and finally eaten. 
Under the guise of tradition, dog traders justify it as no different than eating turkey at Christmas. However, the summer solstice 'tradition' in Yulin only really goes back to the 1990s , and the actual festival wasn't officially started by city dog meat traders until 2009 . Most of China no longer uses dogs for meat, and younger generations are now standing with protesters to end the practice and drop the 'old ways.' 
As Yulin prepares for another year, the backlash prepares as well. There are many petitions on Change.org that have been going for years, some of which have millions of signatures, and many which are still active or new. Efforts are underway from WildlifePlanet.net to raise awareness, employing #Yulin2016 to bring together those opposed to the practices. 
The video below is from ACTAsia for Animals , and at times is extremely graphic. 
Featured image via Youtube screengrab About Travis Bille 
Husband, son, dog dad, pit bull advocate, trombone player, religious studies scholar, grammar guru, amateur astrophysicist, Christian, cable TV-denier, Oxford comma apologist, Mountain Dew depository, football fan, baseball fan, climate change advocate, grill master, campaigner, writer, beer connoisseur, video game player, door knocker, book lover, music snob, hard worker, jazzer, gardener, lover, friend. Follow my dogs at MillicentBloggings.com and my other political writings at GreaterFoolSociety.com. Connect
ARTICLE

Subscribe 
A dumbfounded Canadian — Richard Brunt of Victoria, British Columbia — wrote an open letter to Americans who don't seem to realize how very good we actually have it. This image doesn't need a lot of commentary, so I'll let you just read it and allow it to sink in. 
This has gone completely viral over the last few days and it needs to. 
Transcribed: Many of us Canadians are confused by the U.S. midterm elections. Consider, right now in America, corporate profits are at record highs, the country's adding 200,000 jobs per month, unemployment is below 6%, U.S. gross national product growth is the best of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) countries. The dollar is at its strongest levels in years, the stock market is near record highs, gasoline prices are falling, there's no inflation, interest rates are the lowest in 30 years, U.S. oil imports are declining, U.S. oil production is rapidly increasing, the deficit is rapidly declining, and the wealthy are still making astonishing amounts of money. America is leading the world once again and respected internationally ? in sharp contrast to the Bush years. Obama brought soldiers home from Iraq and killed Osama bin Laden. So, Americans vote for the party that got you into the mess that Obama just dug you out of? This defies reason. When you are done with Obama, could you send him our way? Richard Brunt Victoria, British Columbia About Tiffany Willis 
Tiffany Willis is a fifth-generation Texan, a proponent of voluntary simplicity, a single mom, and the founder and editor-in-chief of Liberal America. An unapologetic member of the Christian Left, she has spent most of her career actively working with 'the least of these" -- disadvantaged and oppressed populations, the elderly, people living in poverty, at-risk youth, and unemployed people. She is a Certified Workforce Expert with the National Workforce Institute , a NAWDP Certified Workforce Development Professional, and a certified instructor for Franklin Covey's 7 Habits of Highly Effective Teens . Follow her on Twitter , Facebook , or LinkedIn . She also has a grossly neglected personal blog , a Time Travel blog , a site dedicated to encouraging people to read classic literature 15 minutes a day , and a literary quotes blog that is a labor of love . Find her somewhere and join the discussion. Click here to buy Tiff a mojito. Connect
ARTICLE

BREAKING: FBI Gets Search Warrant For State Department Emails On Weiner's Computer (VIDEO) By Michelle Oxman on October 30, 2016 Subscribe 
On Sunday afternoon, October 30, 2016, the FBI obtained a search warrant for emails on a laptop owned by Huma Abedin and Anthony Weiner. You'll remember that Weiner was under investigation for sexting a 15-year-old girl. As it happened, the same laptop also contained emails that Abedin, Clinton's Chief of Staff at the State Department, forwarded to her personal Yahoo account so she could print them. That's why FBI agents got Director James Comey's approval to seek access to the emails, as Comey told Congress (and we reported ) on Thursday, October 28. A Rather Unusual Warrant 
Now, when is the last time you ever heard about a search warrant being granted? I bet you can't think of one. That's because police and prosecutors ask the court to issue warrants in secret. That makes sense, even to those of us who usually err on the side of supporting civil liberties. After all, if you knew the police had a warrant to search your home or your computer, what would you think of doing? 
Why do we know about this warrant? Because James Comey told Congress there were new emails 'pertinent' to the Clinton investigation. Trump supporters argued that the government must have reviewed the emails and would only have released the information if there was important new evidence. In reality, the FBI couldn't do so legally. Why? Because the warrant to search the computer for evidence of Weiner's contact with a 15-year-old girl could not have covered Huma Abedin's work-related emails from three or more years earlier. There's a helpful explanation of the legal issues relating to the search warrant in today's Washington Post. 
Still, faced with the innuendo and implications of illegality in Comey's vague letter, Clinton and her supporters insisted that the FBI disclose what it had. Perhaps the FBI didn't want to admit that it didn't know what it had. Or maybe the FBI didn't want to admit that it had gotten its knowledge illegally. Getting a search warrant bought the FBI time, though, and left the whole mess hanging over Clinton's head as she approaches the last week of the campaign. Violating Policy 
There seems to be no doubt that Comey's letter to Congress violated two long-standing tradition and policies: (1) prohibiting discussion of ongoing investigations; and (2) not taking actions to favor one side or another in elections. Two former Deputy Attorneys General, one Democrat and one Republican,publicly questioned Comey's fitness to lead the FBI because of it. In addition, others have pointed out that Comey has repeatedly gone beyond established limits in his discussions of the Clinton email investigation. The Known Unknowns 
We still don't know whether any of the emails on that computer contain new information. We don't know whether Secretary Clinton ever sent emails to Abedin's personal account on that computer or received emails from Abedin via that account. We don't know whether classified information was sent or received via this personal computer. We don't know what any of the emails would tend to show about Clinton's respect for classified information. After all, it wasn't Clinton, but Abedin, who forwarded the emails. One Final Question 
Apparently, the FBI agents working on the Weiner case became aware several weeks ago that the computer contained emails that Abedin forwarded to herself while she worked at the State Department. Why did they wait until last Thursday to tell Comey? Surely they anticipated his likely reaction? Did they 'play' Comey to manipulate the election results? 

About Michelle Oxman 
Michelle Oxman is a writer, blogger, wedding officiant, and recovering attorney. She lives just north of Chicago with her husband, son, and two cats. She is interested in human rights, election irregularities, access to health care, race relations, corporate power, and family life.Her personal blog appears at www.thechangeuwish2c.com. She knits for sanity maintenance. Connect
ARTICLE

Senate Democrats To FBI: Put Up Or Shut Up About Emails (TWEETS) By Darrell Lucus on October 30, 2016 Subscribe 
If there was any doubt that FBI Director James Comey's announcement that the FBI was reviewing potential evidence in the Hillary Clinton email affair backfired spectacularly, it was erased on Saturday night. Four top Senate Democrats gave Comey an ultimatum –give us a full accounting of what you know about this, and do so by Monday. 
Senators Dianne Feinstein, Patrick Leahy, Tom Carper, and Ben Cardin fired off a 'what the hell is going on here?' letter to Comey and his nominal boss, Attorney General Loretta Lynch, demanding answers about Comey's 'vaguely worded' letter on Friday afternoon. They are the ranking members of the Senate committees that were most involved in the email server investigation–Intelligence (Feinstein), Judiciary (Leahy), Homeland Security (Carper), and Foreign Relations (Cardin). 
Read the full letter here, courtesy Cardin's Twitter feed. 
— Senator Ben Cardin (@SenatorCardin) October 30, 2016 
In a colossal understatement, they pointed out that the letter didn't answer any questions, but in fact left a lot of them unanswered. For one thing, Comey's letter didn't clarify whether the FBI even had the emails in its custody, let alone had a chance to review them. Comey also didn't say whether Hillary sent the emails, or if they even had anything to do with the investigation. Additionally, it represented a radical departure from FBI and Justice Department policy against doing anything that could potentially influence an election. 
The Senators also noted that Comey had told his own troops that he didn't know just how significant those emails were, and that there was a possibility that his letter would be 'misunderstood.' In light of the fact that this letter has already been misunderstood, Feinstein, Carper, Leahy, and Cardin want Comey and Lynch–in truth, Comey–to give the Senate 'detailed information' about the FBI's actions no later than the close of business on Monday. To not do so, they add, 'would be irresponsible and a disservice to the American people.' 
There were already a number of reasons why Comey should be very afraid. For one thing, at the time, the FBI had not even obtained a warrant for the emails it discovered on the laptop of longtime Hillary aide Huma Abedin while investigating her estranged husband, Anthony Weiner, for inappropriate texts with a teenager. So Comey felt the need to alert the House and Senate about these emails, when his people hadn't even asked a court to review them. 
We also know that Comey's rumored excuse–that the emails were likely to be leaked unless he told Congress about them first–doesn't wash. Judge Jeanine Pirro , no fan of Hillary, thinks Comey could have easily solved that problem by privately notifying the committee chairmen and putting them on notice that he would know who was behind any leaks. 
But on Sunday afternoon, The Washington Post reported that the FBI hadn't gotten a warrant for those emails despite knowing for at least a month that those messages were potentially relevant to the email server case. It finally obtained a warrant on Sunday night. How is Comey going to explain that to the Senate, especially since he knew how explosive this could have been? 
It's no wonder that Comey's own troops are steaming mad at him, according to Newsweek and Vanity Fair's Kurt Eichenwald. Here's what Eichenwald has learned, by way of review. Word from inside @FBI . FURIOUS at Comey, think he's mishandled public revelations from get go. "Outrageous incompetence" one agent told me. 
— Kurt Eichenwald (@kurteichenwald) October 29, 2016 …his original decision to lay out info on clinton case, then opine on what it meant outside of criminal findings, infuriated these folks.. 
— Kurt Eichenwald (@kurteichenwald) October 29, 2016 Re: anger within @FBI at Comey. I am getting this at the Special Agent, ASAC and SAC level. Those are the troops. (Most of em GOPrs)…. 
— Kurt Eichenwald (@kurteichenwald) October 29, 2016 …for Comey to have so angered ppl at the field office level is really, really bad. 
— Kurt Eichenwald (@kurteichenwald) October 29, 2016 If Comey's improper comment on ongoing investigation changes polls, @FBI reputation as apolitical will never recover cause of his screwup. 
— Kurt Eichenwald (@kurteichenwald) October 29, 2016 
While Feinstein, Leahy, Carper, and Cardin played good cop, their boss, Minority Leader Harry Reid, played bad cop, accusing Comey of breaking the Hatch Act . I wouldn't quite go that far. But when the best-case scenario is that Comey was grossly incompetent, that isn't good. 
Comey's actions may not have risen to the level of criminal conduct. However, it is clear beyond any doubt that he cannot lead. Eichenwald has talked to a number of DOJ officials from both parties who feel the same way. Every current/former Dept. of Justice official I speak 2, GOP or Dem, says Comey must resign/be fired 4 election interference. All outraged. 
— Kurt Eichenwald (@kurteichenwald) October 30, 2016 
Unless Comey has a very good explanation for this–and frankly, I doubt there is one–we need to hear only two things from him after he briefs the Senate. He needs to apologize to the American people, and he needs to resign. 
( featured image courtesy FBI Flickr feed, part of public domain) About Darrell Lucus 
Darrell is a 30-something graduate of the University of North Carolina who considers himself a journalist of the old school. An attempt to turn him into a member of the religious right in college only succeeded in turning him into the religious right's worst nightmare--a charismatic Christian who is an unapologetic liberal. His desire to stand up for those who have been scared into silence only increased when he survived an abusive three-year marriage. You may know him on Daily Kos as Christian Dem in NC . Follow him on Twitter @DarrellLucus or connect with him on Facebook . Click here to buy Darrell a Mello Yello. Connect
ARTICLE

No Search Warrant Yet: FBI Can't Move On Email 'Investigation' By Michelle Oxman on October 30, 2016 Subscribe 
You bet James Comey jumped the gun when he wrote to Congress that the FBI was looking at more Clinton emails. Apparently, he had decided that emails on Anthony Weiner and Huma Abedin's home laptop computer should be examined further. But that didn't mean that the FBI had the legal authority to look at them yet. Actually, it didn't—and still doesn't—have that authority. What Did The FBI Find? 
Let's remember, first, that the FBI was investigating Weiner's use of the internet to send sexts and photos to a 15-year-old girl. They searched a laptop that they say was used by both Weiner and Abedin, and they found emails from the State Department, forwarded by Huma Abedin from work to home. There is no indication that Hillary Clinton sent any emails to or received emails from Abedin on this computer. When Will We Know What's In The Emails? 
No one knows. The FBI needs a warrant to view the emails. The warrant for Weiner's emails and texts doesn't apply to emails that Weiner neither sent or received. As of Sunday afternoon, October 30, the FBI has not gotten a warrant to search the emails. Pending requests for search warrants are not usually made public, so we wouldn't know if the FBI has even asked for a warrant. Is Search Warrant Available? An Open Legal Question 
As the Washington Post reported on October 30, 2016, there are good reasons to think that the FBI would be denied a warrant to search the couple's computer for emails related to Clinton's tenure as Secretary of State when the purpose of the FBI's access was to review Weiner's recent emails and sext messages. By what logic would the FBI be justified opening emails to and from Huma Abedin's accounts from 2009 to 2013? Unfortunately, some people, especially conservatives, resist arguments based on the 'technicality' of the Fourth Amendment. Comey's 'Explanation' 
According to Yahoo News , as of Saturday night, the Department of Justice and FBI officials were discussing what to do next. Because the FBI did not have a warrant to read Abedin's emails, on Thursday, October 28, Comey accepted the investigators' recommendation that the Bureau 'seek access' to them. On Friday, he sent a memo to FBI employees explaining that he felt he had to update Congress because of his previous testimony that the Clinton email investigation was finished. On the other hand, he didn't know yet what significance the emails would have. and he didn't want to create a 'misleading impression.' Violating Policy 
There seems to be no doubt that Comey's letter to Congress violated two long-standing tradition and policies: (1) prohibiting discussion of ongoing investigations; and (2) not taking actions to favor one side or another in elections. Two former Deputy Attorneys General, one Democrat and one Republican, publicly questioned Comey's fitness to lead the FBI because of it. In addition, others have pointed out that Comey has repeatedly gone beyond established limits in his discussions of the Clinton email investigation. 
Featured image from Liberal America media archives. About Michelle Oxman 
Michelle Oxman is a writer, blogger, wedding officiant, and recovering attorney. She lives just north of Chicago with her husband, son, and two cats. She is interested in human rights, election irregularities, access to health care, race relations, corporate power, and family life.Her personal blog appears at www.thechangeuwish2c.com. She knits for sanity maintenance. Connect
ARTICLE

House Dem Aide: We Didn't Even See Comey's Letter Until Jason Chaffetz Tweeted It By Darrell Lucus on October 30, 2016 Subscribe Jason Chaffetz on the stump in American Fork, Utah ( image courtesy Michael Jolley, available under a Creative Commons-BY license) 
With apologies to Keith Olbermann, there is no doubt who the Worst Person in The World is this week–FBI Director James Comey. But according to a House Democratic aide, it looks like we also know who the second-worst person is as well. It turns out that when Comey sent his now-infamous letter announcing that the FBI was looking into emails that may be related to Hillary Clinton's email server, the ranking Democrats on the relevant committees didn't hear about it from Comey. They found out via a tweet from one of the Republican committee chairmen. 
As we now know, Comey notified the Republican chairmen and Democratic ranking members of the House Intelligence, Judiciary, and Oversight committees that his agency was reviewing emails it had recently discovered in order to see if they contained classified information. Not long after this letter went out, Oversight Committee Chairman Jason Chaffetz set the political world ablaze with this tweet. FBI Dir just informed me, "The FBI has learned of the existence of emails that appear to be pertinent to the investigation." Case reopened 
— Jason Chaffetz (@jasoninthehouse) October 28, 2016 
Of course, we now know that this was not the case . Comey was actually saying that it was reviewing the emails in light of 'an unrelated case'–which we now know to be Anthony Weiner's sexting with a teenager. But apparently such little things as facts didn't matter to Chaffetz. The Utah Republican had already vowed to initiate a raft of investigations if Hillary wins–at least two years' worth, and possibly an entire term's worth of them. Apparently Chaffetz thought the FBI was already doing his work for him–resulting in a tweet that briefly roiled the nation before cooler heads realized it was a dud. 
But according to a senior House Democratic aide, misreading that letter may have been the least of Chaffetz' sins. That aide told Shareblue that his boss and other Democrats didn't even know about Comey's letter at the time–and only found out when they checked Twitter. 'Democratic Ranking Members on the relevant committees didn't receive Comey's letter until after the Republican Chairmen. In fact, the Democratic Ranking Members didn' receive it until after the Chairman of the Oversight and Government Reform Committee, Jason Chaffetz, tweeted it out and made it public.' 
So let's see if we've got this right. The FBI director tells Chaffetz and other GOP committee chairmen about a major development in a potentially politically explosive investigation, and neither Chaffetz nor his other colleagues had the courtesy to let their Democratic counterparts know about it. Instead, according to this aide, he made them find out about it on Twitter. 
There has already been talk on Daily Kos that Comey himself provided advance notice of this letter to Chaffetz and other Republicans, giving them time to turn on the spin machine. That may make for good theater, but there is nothing so far that even suggests this is the case. After all, there is nothing so far that suggests that Comey was anything other than grossly incompetent and tone-deaf. 
What it does suggest, however, is that Chaffetz is acting in a way that makes Dan Burton and Darrell Issa look like models of responsibility and bipartisanship. He didn't even have the decency to notify ranking member Elijah Cummings about something this explosive. If that doesn't trample on basic standards of fairness, I don't know what does. 
Granted, it's not likely that Chaffetz will have to answer for this. He sits in a ridiculously Republican district anchored in Provo and Orem; it has a Cook Partisan Voting Index of R+25, and gave Mitt Romney a punishing 78 percent of the vote in 2012. Moreover, the Republican House leadership has given its full support to Chaffetz' planned fishing expedition. But that doesn't mean we can't turn the hot lights on him. After all, he is a textbook example of what the House has become under Republican control. And he is also the Second Worst Person in the World. About Darrell Lucus 
Darrell is a 30-something graduate of the University of North Carolina who considers himself a journalist of the old school. An attempt to turn him into a member of the religious right in college only succeeded in turning him into the religious right's worst nightmare--a charismatic Christian who is an unapologetic liberal. His desire to stand up for those who have been scared into silence only increased when he survived an abusive three-year marriage. You may know him on Daily Kos as Christian Dem in NC . Follow him on Twitter @DarrellLucus or connect with him on Facebook . Click here to buy Darrell a Mello Yello. Connect
ARTICLE

According to The New York Times, the vice chairwoman of the Democratic National Committee has been disinvited from the Democratic debates. Representative Tulsi Gabbard did confirm this. 
The New York Times reported : 'Ms. Gabbard confirmed on Sunday that her chief of staff received a message last Tuesday from the chief of staff to Representative Debbie Wasserman Schultz, the chairwoman of the national committee, about her attendance at the debate.' 
So why? 
The day before receiving the email Gabbard called for more debates on MSNBC. 'More and more people on the ground from states all across the country are calling for more debates, are wanting to have this transparency and greater engagement in our democratic process at a critical time, as they make the decision of who should be the next person to lead our country.' 
Sunday night, Gabbard spoke with The New York Times: 'When I first came to Washington, one of the things that I was disappointed about was there's a lot of immaturity and petty gamesmanship that goes on, and it kind of reminds me of how high school teenagers act… It's very dangerous when we have people in positions of leadership who use their power to try to quiet those who disagree with them. When I signed up to be vice chair of the D.N.C., no one told me I would be relinquishing my freedom of speech and checking it at the door.' 
Wow. 
An anonymous source with ties to the committee disagrees and according to The New York Times: '… an aide to Ms. Wasserman Schultz expressed a desire to keep the focus on the candidates as the debate approached, rather than on a 'distraction' that could divide the party, and suggested that if Ms. Gabbard could not do that, she should reconsider going. She was not uninvited. The D.N.C. team wanted this first debate to have all the focus on the candidates. Gabbard's people were told that if they couldn't commit to that since Tulsi was trying to publicly divide the D.N.C. leadership last week, then they should consider not coming. The fact that she is still making this about her and not our great candidates by talking to The New York Times says something unfortunate.' 
You know, I love how the Wasserman Schultz camp is trying to spin this and make Tulsi look like the villain wanting attention. Tulsi is a bad person for voicing an opinion that the majority of Democrats have? If that's the case, I applaud her for being the villain. Even if she wasn't disinvited, the fact that it was suggested is remarkably disgusting. 
The fact is many Americans want more debates. Several of the few candidates have called for more debates. What's the f**king hold up here? What's the problem? Does Wasserman Schultz have her head so far up someone's colon that she can't hear what the American people are screaming at her? 
Let me speak a little louder. Can you hear me now Debbie? We are not happy. We want more debates. We are not the ones dividing the party. You and the leadership put in place to serve Democrats nationwide are dividing the party. You are not listening to us. That's the dividing factor. Not us. It's not dividing a party when you're speaking up for the ignored majority. 
This isn't about wanting Bernie to annihilate Hillary. This is about listening to a majority of American citizens who put you in your chair. I can only hope there will be audience members holding signs up calling for more debates to show that it's not just attention-seeking. 
Featured image by DonkeyHotey via Flickr under a Creative Commons Attribution Generic license. About Liz
ARTICLE

Does Golf Lead To Uncontrollable Rage? By Tanner Bisbee on March 14, 2015 Subscribe 
We all have a friend who'seems to be constantly frustrated or instigated easily and we assume they have some type of anger issue.?But finding out if they really have an anger problem may be as simple taking them out on the Golf Course. Public Domain Image 
Golf, a widely played sport seems to be worst?fuel for those who get ticked off easily.?Golf forces us to rely on our own skill, proper technique and the idealistic expectation of always sending the small white ball 300 yards down the fairway, however for most of us?it doesn't work out this way. For the vast majority of us the result is a ball that slices 50 yards in the woods or only makes 100 yards down the fair. 
And for many of us this result isn't a problem, but for those that have godly expectations or temper issues, it's catastrophic. The very first tell tale sign is the immediate reaction after the mishit ball. Just watch your friend as soon the ball leaves the tee. Their is a very good chance that if the ball starts to shift or bend one way in the air, his face will go still and his arm will go the top of his head. 
But what next? For many of us, we walk to our bag in disbelief wondering why we botched that hit, but we ultimately let it go. However, for the temperamental person they will walk off in a huff and throw their club in the bag and keep going. And after awhile the rage begins to build up until they snap. It happens to many of us, especially on days where the ball just won't roll our way, 
This moment can also be one of the funniest moments for the other player or spectator.?Watch as your friend unhappily steps up to the ball. Watch as he hits the ball, if the shot is bad look directly back at your friend. See as his discouragement only turns into anger. It's almost like something in his mind just got tangled. Now the truly temperamental person will take one of three?actions: starts screaming and swearing throw his club in the woods snap the club in half, my personal favorite 
Like this guy did: 
So what should you do when your friend freaks out? Film it. At least my first reaction is too film it, because everybody on YouTube loves a freak out. So step aside cute kittens, there is a new viral video coming to town. 
About Tanner Bisbee 
Tanner Bisbee hails from the great State of Maine. He's a full time college student and serves on the football staff at school. His most notable work to date is his book Modern Day Sports Blog. To read more check out my blog http://moderndaysportsandpolitics.blogspot.com/ Connect
