ARTICLE

0 427 
'That's going to be you,' the Academy of Excellence teacher allegedly warned a 12-year-old Muslim student after showing the class a movie about the 9/11 attacks. And if that sounds outrageous, brace yourself because it gets a lot worse. 
No wonder the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) and the ACLU of Arizona are siccing the U.S. Dept. of Justice and the U.S. Dept. of Education on this travesty of a public charter school and this shameful example of an educator's sorry a**. Heather Weaver from the ACLU's national office reports they've filed formal complaints on behalf of the Muslim student and his family. 
Asli Noor and her five children are refugees who settled in Phoenix, Arizona after fleeing Somalia. Like most parents, she wants opportunities and a good education for her children. And for many families '” especially those living in low-income neighborhoods '” that means a public charter school like the sadly misnamed 'Excellence Academy.' 
The boy and his eight-year-old sister (referred to in the complaint as A.A. and F.A.) had started the 2015-2016 school year when the family's new set of troubles began. 
According to the complaints, an 'Academy of Excellence' teacher named Faye Myles began 'singling out' the then 11-year-old, sixth grade Muslim student as the 2015-16 school year began for 'disfavorable treatment because of his faith and nationality.' 
'Another time, when A.A. raised his hand to answer a question, his teacher snapped at him'Š'”'Š'All you Muslims think you are so smart''Š'”'Šin front of the entire class.' 
Oh, and then the boy recalls the math and science teacher for grades 5-8 digressing into a special kind of lesson in civics and current events. 
'I can't wait until Trump is elected. He's going to deport all you Muslims. Muslims shouldn't be given visas. They'll probably take away your visa and deport you. You're going to be the next terrorist, I bet.' 
Faye Myles also allegedly found other ways to wound her young Muslim student with her bigotry. She repeatedly denied him the right to pray during recess, which is hard to imagine ever happening to a Christian student. The child also claims his 'Academy of Excellence' teacher would also would tell him to 'shut up' and punish him during class 'downtime' when the other students were allowed to talk with each other. 
The bus rides home added to the child's misery as his classmates began to follow the teacher's example and pile on the insults. 
'On the bus ride home, A.A.'s classmates took up his teacher's anti-Muslim, anti-immigrant crusade, taunting him about the fact that his visa would be revoked because he is a Muslim, calling him a 'terrorist,' and accusing him of planning to blow up the bus.' 
The child, of course, started feeling anxious and physically ill 'with a stomach ache' and had no desire to return to the 'Academy of Excellence.' 
In January, Asli Noor met with school officials to complain about these incidents. Three days later, the school asked her to pick her son up early because he had supposedly tried to open the school bus' emergency window. Noor demanded they verify these accusations with footage from the security camera but school officials refused. 
And then Brenda Nelson, an 'Academy of Excellence' board member, printed out two 'voluntary' withdrawal forms for A.A. and his younger sister F.A. She then allegedly ordered Ms. Noor to sign them, saying: 
'Get your kids out of here. I don't want them here.' 
When Asri Noor begged for time to find another school for her children, Brenda Nelson callously refused. 
Unfortunately, these incidents of anti-Muslim bigotry in publicly-funded schools are happening more frequently. Think Progress reports that even in schools where teachers try to fight it, Trump-inspired bullying is a serious issue. 
'In spite of some teachers' valiant efforts to teach students about Trump, it would appear that schoolchildren already invoke the candidate's name to scare their Latino and Muslim classmates, referencing the candidate's harsh claims of Latino criminals and Muslim terrorists.' 
And, sadly, it's not just the kids. 
'A predominantly Latino elementary school in California was graffiti-tagged with the words 'Build the wall higher' last week, alluding to Trump's policy plan to build a southern U.S. border wall to keep out undocumented immigrants.' 
And in case you assume the 'Academy of Excellence' teacher is one of those mean white Trump supporters, you're wrong. Apparently, she's a mean black Trump supporter. @KhaledBeydoun The teacher works at Academy of Excellence & her name is Faye Myles per the article. She should be called out. pic.twitter.com/BbL3YdzEG8 
'” John Q Archibald (@JohnQarchibald) October 30, 2016 
Featured image: Lynn Koenig via Getty Images . Share this Article! 
ARTICLE

0 407 
An unidentified supporter of Republican presidential candidate and alleged unregistered sex offender Donald Trump took to violently harassing members of the media at a Saturday night rally held in Phoenix, Arizona. 
The man, wearing a 'Hillary for Prison' t-shirt, screamed into the press area, 'You're going down! You're the enemy! You're the ones working for the devil!,' before adapting the crowd's 'USA' chant into 'Jew-s-a,' all the while continuing to scream at the members of the media in the press pen. 
Candace Smith, of ABC, was one of the reporters to capture the man's disturbing behavior on tape. She posted video of the disturbing press area encounter to Twitter, a video which is featured below. This is the man who started chanting 'JEW-S-A' at the media pen. Does anyone know what those hands signs mean? pic.twitter.com/64yseZFSVZ 
'” Candace Smith (@CandaceSmith_) October 29, 2016 
Smith included in the text accompanying her video post a question, saying in reference to seemingly intentional hand gestures on the part of the Trump supporter, 'Does anyone know what those hand signs mean?' 
Smith got at least a couple noteworthy and credible responses. 
Clayton Swisher, whose Twitter bio reads that he is an 'investigative reporter and author,' suggested that the Trump supporter's hand gestures are a variation of the '88' hand sign used by white supremacists and described by the Anti-Defamation League as follows: 
'One of the most popular white supremacist symbols is the numeric symbol 88, which stands for 'Heil Hitler' (substituting letters for numbers, 88 means HH, i.e., 'Heil Hitler'). It is thus not surprising that white supremacists occasionally attempt to display 88 as a hand sign.' 
'” Clayton Swisher (@claytonswisher) October 30, 2016 
A Twitter user identified as Marisel Morales suggested that the hand gestures were the 'Scwhurhand,' which is a German salute used in court. @CandaceSmith_ It's a German salute known as Schwurhand 
'” Marisel Morales (@57MCM) October 29, 2016 
A Twitter user with the username '@puppymnkey' countered, however, that the Trump supporter's hand gestures didn't quite match the Schwurhand, and instead pointed to a hand gesture version of the number '666' employed by conspiracy theorists, a group almost certainly the man at the Trump rally. @57MCM @CandaceSmith_ nope. That salute is with pinky and index finger touching. It could be this given he's Infowars idiot pic.twitter.com/u953UYor2K 
'” Boycott Trump SCION (@puppymnkey) October 30, 2016 
Nick Corasaniti of The New York Times was another member of the press to capture the man's disturbing behavior on film. 
His video, which runs a bit after Smith's video concludes, is featured below. 
In this second video, the man can be heard saying that 'We're run by the Jews, okay?' Guy chants 'Jew-S-A' in front of press pen pic.twitter.com/2yqgA6dD4k 
'” Nick Corasaniti (@NYTnickc) October 29, 2016 
At the same rally, Politico's Ben Schrekinger captured an image of a man he said 'had been staring at the press for some time' and was 'holding an object.' 
Security, Schrekinger says, was notified of the man's behavior. Bearded man's been staring at press for some time. Television reporter said he is holding object + notified security pic.twitter.com/phDvXFGgGw 
'” Ben Schreckinger (@SchreckReports) October 29, 2016 
Trump has long targeted the press in his incitement antics, as put on full display in his campaign rallies. He claims that the media has collaborated to 'rig' the election against him by supposedly dishonest coverage of his campaign on their part. 
ARTICLE

0 1661 
Donald Trump wants so-called 'poll watchers' to scare people into not voting? Fine, then Arizona Democrats will sue their state GOP's sorry ass'¦ And they've got a good chance of winning. 
The U.S. Supreme Court's gutting of the Voting Rights Act in 2013 was a huge win for the Republican Party. Since high voter turnout '” especially high minority voter turnout '” creates victories for Democrats, it makes sense for the GOP to keep as many people from voting as they possibly can. There's just one thing the party of Donald Trump forgot: Voters still do have some rights, and the GOP doesn't get to do whatever the hell it wants. 
Donald Trump's calls for 'poll watchers' to prevent nonexistent 'voter fraud' may land the Republican Party in some serious hot water. AZ Central reports the Democratic Party of Arizona filed a lawsuit and seeks a court order banning Mein Trumpf's bands of brown shirts from the polling places. 
'The suit filed in federal court in Phoenix Monday seeks an order blocking volunteer GOP poll watchers from harassing or photographing people headed to polling locations. The suit says the state Republican Party is essentially an arm of Trump's campaign and the campaign and its backers have been organizing 'citizen journalists' and 'poll watchers' to flood minority-heavy polling sites on Nov. 8.' 
And despite the demise of key provisions of the Voting Rights Act, they've still got some ammo. Last week, Rachel Maddow talked about something the GOP forgot about: That pesky old legal consent decree. Back in 1981, the Republican National Committee (RNC) employed similar 'poll watcher' tactics during a tight governor race in New Jersey. Their 'Ballot Security Task Force' employed heavy-handed tactics in minority districts and won the race for their candidate by a razor thin margin. 
Unfortunately, the GOP's short-term win backfired and had long-term consequences: a 35-year consent decree that puts strong limits on their 'poll watching' activities. These legal restrictions don't expire until next year. Naturally, Donald Trump's renewed call for 'poll watchers' has triggered concerns on the part of DNC lawyers at the national level. Now, they're demanding that the courts extend the consent decree through 2025. Watch: Rachel Maddow explains how Trump's call for 'poll watchers' is causing legal trouble for the RNC. 
Of course, Tim Sifert, the state's GOP spokesman, insists these poll watchers aren't trying to intimidate voters. They're just helping 'monitor' polling places since '” thanks to SCOTUS '” we no longer have as many actual monitors for U.S. elections. But, as POLITICO points out, there's a huge difference between having impartial observers around to provide advice and support for voters and poll workers and having 'poll watchers' spreading misinformation and scaring voters. 
'Trump seems to be advocating for a type of election monitoring that relies on volunteers to use deceptive practices that are often used to prevent people of color from voting. Voter suppression has changed since the era of literacy tests and poll taxes. In 2016, suppression occurs in two distinct stages: one before the election, and one at the polling locations themselves.' 
The POLITICO article explains how the GOP tries to scare people into not voting in two stages. Stage 1: Before an election, Republicans try to keep people from casting their ballots with false '” and sometimes scary '” information. In 2008, mailers went out telling Democratic voters in Virginia that Election Day had been moved from Tuesday to Wednesday. Meanwhile, black neighborhoods in Milwaukee (2004) and Philadelphia (2008) got plastered with flyers warning that people with unpaid child support and parking tickets might get arrested when they show up to vote. Stage 2: On election day, so-called 'poll watchers' '” often with fake badges and IDs that make them look like they're in positions of authority '” single out non-white voters with demands for ID and questions about their citizenship. They also often scare off eligible voters by taking photos and video footage (which sounds innocuous unless you happen to be among the roughly 7.5 million people being stalked each year). 
And, let's not forget '” here's what 'poll watchers' looked like during the post-Civil War Reconstruction era. 
ARTICLE

0 419 
Social Security is the lifeline of many people who are either too elderly or disabled to support themselves or their loved ones financially. However, to Republicans and conservatives alike, it is an expenditure deemed too costly, even if it means certain death for those who depend on it. 
Forget for a moment that elderly people who worked their entire lives have paid into social security, and should therefore be completely off limits. How could anyone with a soul leave the elderly to die in poverty? And what about those people who are physically and/or mentally disabled? Should we, as a nation, not take care of those citizens? Should we leave them to survive on the streets? 
Donald Trump is not known to do much critical thinking, especially before releasing a statement to the media, but his insane remarks on cutting Social Security have really got liberals fuming. Check out that time Trump told Paul Ryan that he would love to cut Social Security if he didn't think it would be political suicide: 
'From a moral standpoint, I believe in it. But you also have to get elected. And there's no way a Republican is going to beat a Democrat when the Republican is saying, 'We're going to cut your Social Security' and the Democrat is saying, 'We're going to keep it and give you more.''‰' 
Trump is really trying to say that the lazy people in this country will always vote Democrat because it is Democrats who ensure that the less fortunate are, at least, able to keep their heads above water. To politicians like Donald Trump, these 'extras' are killing the country. 
That's right folks, it's Ma and Pa Kettle who are ruining the country with their $1200 monthly allotment from the Treasury Department. It certainly wouldn't be wasteful, greedy real estate moguls who use other people's money to pay for their extravagant business deals. 
Alex Lawson is the Executive Director of Social Security Works, and he has a much different theory on Trump's motives with Social Security. Lawson had this to say about it: 
'It is really clear: Donald Trump would 100 percent go along with the Republican donor class position of cutting Social Security. He openly says he will lie to the people about it because he knows that the people are against it.' 
'In his eyes the 'moral' thing to do is to steal people's hard-earned benefits and not talk about it.' 
As we have learned throughout this election season, Donald Trump almost never tells the truth. Yet, he still convinces his mindless followers that he would somehow be good for America, regardless of the fact that there is nothing but evidence to prove the opposite. Trump won't be happy until our grandparents are living in squalor and eating ramen for every meal. 
Wake me up when November ends.. Share this Article!
ARTICLE

0 39 
The Republican presidential candidate, Donald Trump, suffered a serious scare tonight after being rushed off the campaign stage by Secret Service in Reno, Nevada. 
CNN reported that a crowd member yelled someone had a gun in the crowd. The scuffle happened close to the front of the stage. Secret Service removed one individual who appeared to be a white man in his 30s or 40s. 
However, Trump was quick to return to the stage after the individual was detained by local law enforcement and Secret Service. CNN reported that a SWAT unit also showed up at the front of the crowd. 
NBC news correspondent Jacob Rascon tweeted pictures showing the man was being detained in a back bathroom. Man who caused disturbance at Trump rally being held in bathroom in back of venue. Officers inside with him, and outside on guard. pic.twitter.com/rh319Gj1Ox 
'” Jacob Rascon (@Jacobnbc) November 6, 2016 
'Man who caused disturbance at Trump rally being held in bathroom in back of venue. Officers inside with him, and outside on guard.' 
He also tweeted when Trump returned to the stage he said, 'Nobody said it was going to be easy for us. But we will never be stopped.' Trump back on stage after secret service scare: "Nobody said it was going to be easy for us. But we will never be stopped." 
'” Jacob Rascon (@Jacobnbc) November 6, 2016 
Eric Trump, who was appearing on Justice With Judge Jeanine when the news broke, blamed liberals for the incident commenting: 
'Listen, it's interesting. That's the tolerant left. That are the same people that were being paid to incite violence' 
You can watch the scuffle below. 
Featured image screengrab from video . Share this Article! 
ARTICLE

0 122 
WikiLeaks co-founder Julian Assange's lawyers have suggested that the globally detested, thorn in the side social figure will keep at, and even perhaps intensify, efforts to be fully pardoned by the United States once President-elect Donald Trump takes office next year. 
Assange's lawyers made the announcement after the controversial global 'whistleblower' spoke with Swedish authorities who had come to consult with him within the neutral territory of the Ecuadorian embassy in the U.K. over rape charges which Assange faces in Sweden. 
Assange has been holed up in the aforementioned embassy for years in an effort to escape facing the diverse set of global charges which have been lobbed against him. 
And, as for a pivoted effort for Assange to escape the charges he faces, one directed at attempting to garner a Trump signed, U.S. presidential pardon, Assange's lawyers said, according to London's Evening Standard , 'Through U.S. counsel, we had reached out to the Obama administration, most recently just a few months ago, and we will continue to do so with future U.S. administrations until the investigation is closed.' 
These efforts at a presidential pardon for Assange began, as noted, under the Obama administration, but with Obama's own federal appointments and the soon to be former president himself as the ones to ever begin an investigation into Assange in the first place, efforts for an Obama pardon of Assange unsurprisingly never got anywhere. 
The U.S. investigation was first prompted by Assange's publication of classified documents related to the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan delivered to him by Army whistleblower Bradley/Chelsea Manning '” who, mind you, is still in American custody and doesn't seem to have much of a hope of release anytime soon. 
Assange's more recent work, during the lead up to Election Day, quickly turned into an elaborate anti-Clinton campaign, one viewed by American intelligence officials as backed by the Russian government in the interest of seeing their preferred candidate '” Trump '” elected to the presidency. 
WikiLeaks published in this time frame a huge cache of emails hacked from key members of the Democratic Party leadership and the Hillary Clinton presidential campaign, targeting figures from the now former party chairperson and U.S. Representative Debbie Wasserman Schultz to Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta. WikiLeaks also released many thousands of emails taken from Clinton's tenure as secretary of state serving under President Obama. 
The credibility of the emails has been occasionally questioned. Indeed, even if the organization only received and hacked actual emails and the like that had actually come from Democratic Party officials. WikiLeaks was still found, on multiple occasions, to have been improperly spinning the email contents. Such as the time a mundane email about then Secretary of State Hillary Clinton's UN translation providing earpiece, was spun into a fake story about Clinton using an earpiece to be fed what she was supposed to say. 
Trump is far from predictable enough for any observer to definitively suggest his course of action regarding Assange once he takes office. He continues to surround himself with figures ranging from 'level-headed,' establishment conservatives like Reince Priebus, to the far right controversial at best conservative media guru Steve Bannon. 
ARTICLE

0 129 
On Saturday, during a ceremony welcoming 17 new cardinals into the Roman Catholic Church, Pope Francis warned attendees about the divisiveness that he feels is spreading throughout the church. The Associated Press reports that Pope Francis cautioned against the 'virus of polarization,' telling the new group of cardinals, 'we are not immune from this.' 
During his speech, Pope Francis specifically issued a warning about 'our pitiful hearts that tend to judge, divide, oppose, and condemn' and those who 'raise walls, build barriers, and label people.' He also encouraged those in attendance to not be so quick to deem those who are different from them an enemy or a threat. 
'We see, for example, how quickly those among us with the status of the stranger, an immigrant, or a refugee, become a threat, take on the status of an enemy. An enemy because they come from a distant country, or have different customs. 
'The virus of polarization and animosity permeates our way of thinking, feeling and acting.' 
Pope Francis never called out Donald Trump by name; however, it seems to be more than a mere coincidence that he delivered a speech about accepting immigrants shortly after the United States electorate chose as their leader for the next four years a man who has proposed mass deportation and the construction of a wall on the U.S.-Mexico border. 
This is not the first time that the Pope has spoken out against Donald Trump and his campaign promises, either. In February of this year, when asked about Trump's proposed border wall, he said , 'a person who only thinks about building walls, wherever they may be, and not building bridges, is not Christian.' 
At least one of the newly appointed cardinals has views similar to Pope Francis's when it comes to immigration. Indianapolis Archbishop Joseph Tobin, who was in the news recently for helping to resettle Syrian refugees despite now vice president-elect Mike Pence's best efforts to block aid to and limit the number of Syrian refugees in Indiana. 
Tobin recently addressed Trump's victory, saying that, under him, the priority of settling immigrants and refugees 'is going to be challenging.' He added, though, that he believes 'the ethical reflection of a nation isn't reduced to the government' and said that he has 'a lot of faith in the American people.' 
Watch a clip from today's ceremony, which includes Pope Francis's remarks, below, via YouTube : 
Featured image via Franco Origlia/Getty Images Share this Article! 
ARTICLE

0 1949 
The ACLU has got a few words for America's newest elected 'leader,' and the letter they just published through the NY Times, is probably the most amazing jab in the history of politics. It doesn't hurt that the jab came from the American Civil Liberties Union, because the power behind the letter is what makes it so ominous to the president-elect. 
The letter begins with a request for Trump to 'change course' on many of the claims he has made in his extremely short political career. 
'Dear President-Elect Trump, 
For nearly 100 years, the ACLU has stood as this nation's premier defender of freedom and justice for all. 
As you assume the nation's highest office, we must ask you now as president-elect to reconsider and change course on certain campaign promises you have made. 
Specifically, you promised to: amass deportation force to remove 11 million undocumented immigrants ban the entry of Muslims and institute aggressive surveillance programs targeting them restrict a woman's right to abortion services reauthorize waterboarding and other forms of torture change our nation's libel laws and restrict freedom of expression' 
As if this statement alone wasn't enough of a threat, the ACLU continues: 
'These proposals are not simply un-American and wrong-headed. They are unlawful and unconstitutional, and would violate the First, Fourth, Fifth, Eighth, and Fourteenth Amendments of the Constitution, as well as other statutes and international treaties.' 
'Many of our country's most cherished rights are the result of ACLU litigation and advocacy. They include the Scopes trial (the right to teach evolution in public science classrooms) and the following Supreme Court cases: Korematsu (challenging Japanese American internment); Miranda (the right to remain silent); Griswold (the right to contraception); Loving (the right of interracial couples to marry); Gideon (the right to a court-appointed attorney if you can't afford one); Windsor (striking down the federal Defense of Marriage Act); and Obergefell (the right of same-sex couples to marry) and others. We have worked with and battled American presidents of both parties to ensure that our country makes good on it's founding premise as the land of the free.' 
In the end of the open letter, the ACLU promises to make Trump's life a nightmare if he continues to pave his road to concentration camp hell. They say Trump will have the full firepower of the ACLU to deal with if he doesn't wise up. 
They letter concludes: 
'If you do not reverse course and endeavor to make these campaign promises a reality, you will have to contend with the full firepower of the ACLU at your every step. Our staff of litigators and activists in every state, thousands of volunteers, and millions of supporters stand ready to fight against any encroachment on our cherished freedoms and rights.' 
'One thing is certain: We will be vigilant every day of your tenure as president. And when you ultimately vacate the Oval Office, we will do likewise with your successor.' Today we published a full-page open letter in the New York Times to President-elect Trump pic.twitter.com/FOpRqn9oNY 
'” ACLU National (@ACLU) November 11, 2016 Share this Article!
ARTICLE

0 66 
A source at MSNBC's Morning Joe confirms that the newly-elected Trump has made a decision regarding Hillary Clinton's use of a private email server during her time as secretary of state. Source tells @Morning_Joe @realDonaldTrump won't pursue investigations into @HillaryClinton for private email server use/Clinton Foundation. 
'” Morning Joe (@Morning_Joe) November 22, 2016 
Despite all his campaign bluster, when he was calling Clinton 'crooked Hillary' and promising that Clinton would 'be in jail' once he was president, it seems Trump has had a change of heart. It seems like only a month ago that Donald Trump told his supporters that: 
'This is the most heinous, the most serious thing that I've ever seen involving justice in the United States '” in the history of the United States.' 
In fact, it was only a month ago. Trump promised his bloodthirsty supporters that he would 'lock her up' as president, and just six weeks ago Trump promised during the second presidential debate that he would appoint a 'special prosecutor' to look into Hillary Clinton's 'situation' regarding her use of a private email server. 
Five days after being elected, Trump did one of the most rapid walkbacks in presidential history when asked about that 'special prosecutor' to throw Hillary Clinton in prison. When asked by 60 Minutes interviewer, Lesley Stahl, about his plans for the former secretary of state, Trump balked. 
'I don't want to hurt them. I don't want to hurt them. They're, they're good people. I don't want to hurt them. And I will give you a very, very good and definitive answer the next time we do 60 Minutes together.' 
The same man who fanned the flames with supporters who called Clinton a 'criminal' and 'evil,' who exploited women who claimed that they were sexually assaulted by Bill Clinton and laughed at as a child rape victim by Hillary Clinton, now wants the American public to know that Bill and Hillary Clinton are 'good people.' 
Of course, it was never in question whether or not Hillary Clinton would be convicted of a crime or sentenced to prison, since multiple investigations by GOP-led committees regarding Benghazi and two investigations by the FBI regarding the private email server that Clinton and every modern predecessor of hers used turned up no evidence of criminal wrongdoing. 
Just like every other promise Trump made on the campaign trail to attract voters with vengeance and hatred on their minds, it was all just smoke and mirrors. 
Featured image via Getty/Chip Somodevilla Share this Article! 
