ARTICLE

What Is At Stake In The Election
Paul Craig Roberts
Here Are The Presstitutes Who Control American's Minds: http://www.veteransnewsnow.com/2016/10/26/1010359-65-us-journalists-at-a-private-dinner-with-hillary-clintons-team-and-john-podesta/ 
I just heard an NPR presstitute delare that Texas, a traditional sure thing
for Republicans was up for grabs in the presidential election. Little wonder if this report on Zero Hedge is correct. Apparently, the voting machines are already at work stealing the election for Killary.
http://www.zerohedge.com/news/2016-10-25/texas-rigged-first-reports-voting-machines-switching-votes-hillary-texas 
From my long experience in journalism, I know the American public is not very sharp. Nevertheless, it is difficult for me to believe that Americans, whose jobs, careers, and the same for their children and grandchildren, have been sold out by the elites who Hillary represents would actually vote for her. It makes no sense. If this were the case, how did Trump get the Republican nomination despite the vicious presstitute campaign against him? 
It seems obvious that the majority of Americans who have been suffering terribly at the hands of the One Percent who own Hillary lock, stock, and barrel, will not vote for the people who have ruined their lives and the lives of their children and grandchildren. 
Furthermore, if Trump's election is as impossible as the presstitutes tell us—Hillary's win is 93% certain according to the latest presstitute pronouncement—the vicious 24/7 attacks on Trump would be pointless. Wouldn't they? Why the constant, frenetic, vicious attacks on a person who has no chance? 
There are reports that a company associated with Hillary backer George Soros is supplying the voting machines to 16 states, including states that determine election outcomes. I do not know that these reports are correct. However, I do know for a fact that the oligarchic interests that rule America are opposed to Trump being elected President for the simple reason that they are unsure that they would be able to control him. 
It is hard to believe that dispossessed Americans will vote for Hillary, the representative of those who have dispossessed them, when Trump says he will re-empower the dispossessed. Hillary has denigrated ordinary Americans who, she says, she is so removed from by her wealth that she doesn't even know who they are. Clearly, Hillary, paid $675,000 by Goldman Sachs for three 20-minute speeches, is not a representative of the people. She represents the One Percent whose policies have flushed the prospects of ordinary Americans down the toilet.
What is really disturbing is the pretense by the presstitute scum that Trump's lewd admiration for female charms is deemed more important than the prospect of nuclear war. At no time during the presidential primaries or during the current presidential campaign has it been mentioned that Russia is being assaulted daily by propaganda, threatened by military buildups, and being convinced that the United States and its European vassals are planning an attack. 
A threatened Russia, made insecure by inexplicable hostility and Western propaganda, is a danger manufactured by the neoconservative supporters of Hillary Clinton. 
If the American people are really so unbelievably stupid that they think lewd remarks about women are more important than avoiding nuclear war, the American people are too stupid to exist. They will deserve the mushroom clouds that will wipe them and everyone else off the face of the earth.
Donald Trump is the only candidate in the primaries and the general election who has said that he sees no point in conflict with Russia when Putin has shown nothing but desire to work things out to mutual advantage.
In contrast, Hillary has declared the thrice-elected president of Russia to be 'the new Hitler' and has threatened Russia with military action. Hillary talks openly about regime change in Russia.
Surely, in a free media at least one person in the print and TV media would raise this most important of all points. But where have you seen it?
Only in my columns and a few others in the alternative media.
In other words, we are about to have an election in which the important issue has played no role. And yet allegedly we are the exceptional, indispensable people, a people's democracy protected by a free press.
In truth, this mythical description of America is merely a cloak for the rule of the Oligarchs. And the Oligarchs are risking life on earth for their continual supremacy.
The post What Is At Stake In The Election — Paul Craig Roberts appeared first on PaulCraigRoberts.org .

ARTICLE

Michelle Obama Promotes Lewd Rappers
From Gerald Celente's Trend Alert
Michelle Obama's 'rap' more disgusting than Trump talk
KINGSTON, NY, 26 October 2016—Hitting the campaign trail for Hillary Clinton in New Hampshire, Michelle Obama made headline news lashing out at Donald Trump's boast on a 2005 tape that as a star he could 'do anything to women.' Calling Trump's statements so 'shocking and demeaning' that 'I can't stop thinking about this; it has shaken to me to my core,' Ms. Obama said she was campaigning against 'hateful language about women.' 
Ms. Obama also chastised Mr. Trump for 'speaking freely and openly about sexually predatory behavior,' and 'using language so obscene that many of us were worried about our children hearing it when we turn on the TV.' 
Bad Rap
While Trump's statements were offensive to women, they pale in comparison to the loud chorus of rappers' filth and denigration of women that Michelle and Barack Obama have continually promoted, championed, wined and dined at the White House. And, while she has condemned Trump's lewd remarks – including how 'loving fathers are sickened by the thought of their daughters being exposed to this kind of vicious language' – the Obamas have hosted in the 'The People's House,' where their two daughters reside, rappers who obscenely rap about date rape and sexual predatory behavior.
Indeed, it is not the presidential race that 'little girls' are tuned into to hear 'about who they should look like, how they should act,' or hearing 'language so obscene that many of us worry about our children hearing it when we turn on the TV,' as Obama claimed in her speech. Young people are not watching TV with mommy and daddy. They tune into the music/entertainment world that promotes 'hateful language about women' performed by White House guest rappers such as:
Rick Ross, 'U.O.E.N.O.'
Put Molly all in her champagne, she ain't even know it
I took her home and I enjoyed that, she ain't even know it…
(Molly is a street name for ecstasy, a 'love drug') 
Big Sean, 'Mona Lisa' 
I believe in God and rubbers
Even if we sex you are not my lover
Hit you on the couch and not the covers 
And if you bring you friend then we got to f#ck her…
When they go low, we go high
Beyond the rappers, Michelle Obama also has elevated Beyonce´ – a performer who dresses and dances in sync with her sexually explicit lyric library – as a 'role model for young girls around the world,' and is 'proud to have my daughter grow up in a world where she has people like you, to look up to.'
Thus, while the first lady continually brags about raising the moral bar of integrity while condemning Trump's words and deeds, the media have ignored the far greater of two evils: The blatant hypocrisy of Michelle Obama, who supports a deplorable, debased entertainment industry drenched in debauchery that is poisoning the planet.
Publisher's Note: We are political atheists and support neither presidential candidate.
The post Michelle Obama Promotes Lewd Rappers appeared first on PaulCraigRoberts.org .

ARTICLE

Trump Tells The Truth
And that is why the One Percent hate him
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EYozWHBIf8g&app=desktop 
The post Trump Tells The Truth appeared first on PaulCraigRoberts.org .

ARTICLE

Does The Russian Government Have A Reality Disconnect? — Paul Craig Roberts (10/25/2016) Dear friends and readers, 
PCR's new book, THE NEOCONSERVATIVE THREAT TO WORLD ORDER, is now available: In Print and Digital Format by Clarity Press Quarterly Call to Donations 
To remind, this is our quarterly request for donations. If you want the information and analysis that this site provides to continue, you must support the site. As the alternative is the presstitutes or Ministry of Propaganda, it is a good decision to support this site . Quarterly Call to Donations Dear friends, It is time for my quarterly request for donations. As we agreed, my columns and this site will continue as long as your support is forthcoming. If you wish to fully escape The Matrix and see reality as it really is, you are brave and I am honored to have you as readers and supporters. If reality is too much for you, then I should cease putting myself at risk. PCR http://www.paulcraigroberts.org/inbound/we87dn9 Thank you for your donations 
Many thanks to those who donated. I appreciate the commitment that readers have to this website. I match your commitment with my own. PCR Latest Book PCR's new book, HOW AMERICA WAS LOST, is now available: In Print by Clarity Press and In Ebook Format by Atwell Publishing Americans Are So Disconnected From Reality That 'Insouciant' Has Become An Euphemism Print This Article 
Americans Are So Disconnected From Reality That 'Insouciant' Has Become An Euphemism 
While the idiot presstitutes and their brainwashed victims hyper-ventilate about Trump's lewd talk about women, one consequence of the ignored nuclear arms race restarted by the neoconservatives, who have been in charge of US foreign policy in the 21st century, is the Russian Satan 2, which is reported to be capable of destroying the entirety of a land mass the size of Texas or France with one hit. 
The neoconservative foreign policy that has produced this result is obviously a total failure and endangers all life on earth. Hillary Clinton is a representative of this disastrous foreign policy. If Americans and Europeans cannot put into office people who can get along with Russia, there is no future for anyone. Trump is the only one who says he sees no point in conflict with Russia. This is what is important, not lewd talk about women. 
Hillary's lewd talk about Putin –'the new Hitler'–will get us all killed. 
http://newatlas.com/rs28-sarmat-satan-2-russian-icbm/46127/?utm_source=Gizmag+Subscribers&utm_campaign=013c2812c9-UA-2235360-4&utm_medium=email&utm_term=0_65b67362bd-013c2812c9-92498229 Dr. Paul Craig Roberts was Assistant Secretary of the Treasury for Economic Policy and associate editor of the Wall Street Journal. He was columnist for Business Week, Scripps Howard News Service, and Creators Syndicate. He has had many university appointments. His internet columns have attracted a worldwide following. Roberts' latest books are The Failure of Laissez Faire Capitalism and Economic Dissolution of the West , How America Was Lost , and The Neoconservative Threat to World Order . Newsletter Notifications Signup Form

ARTICLE

The Failure of Democracy
How The Oligarchs Plan To Steal The Election
Paul Craig Roberts
I am now convinced that the Oligarchy that rules America intends to steal the presidential election. In the past, the oligarchs have not cared which candidate won as the oligarchs owned both. But they do not own Trump.
Most likely you are unaware of what Trump is telling people as the media does not report it. A person who speaks like this: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EYozWHBIf8g&app=desktop is not endeared to the oligarchs.
Who are the oligarchs? 
—Wall Street and the mega-banks too big to fail and their agent the Federal Reserve, a federal agency that put 5 banks ahead of millions of troubled American homeowners who the federal reserve allowed to be flushed down the toilet. In order to save the mega-banks' balance sheets from their irresponsible behavior, the Fed has denied retirees any interest income on their savings for eight years, forcing the elderly to draw down their savings, leaving their heirs, who have been displaced from employment by corporate jobs offshoring, penniless.
—The military/security complex which has spent trillions of our taxpayer dollars on 15 years of gratuitous wars based entirely on lies in order to enrich themselves and their power.
—The neoconservartives whose crazed ideology of US world hegemony thrusts the American people into military conflict with Russia and China.
—The US global corporations that sent American jobs to China and India and elsewhere in order to enrich the One Percent with higher profits from lower labor costs.
—Agribusiness (Monsanto et.al.), corporations that poison the soil, the water, the oceans, and our food with their GMOs, hebicides, pesticides, and chemical fertilizers, while killing the bees that pollinate the crops.
—The extractive industries—energy, mining, fracking, and timber—that maximize their profits by destroying the environment and the water supply.
—The Israel Lobby that controls US Middle East policy and is committing genocide against the Palestinians just as the US committed genocide against native Americans. Israel is using the US to eliminate sovereign countries that stand in Israell's way.
What convinces me that the Oligarchy intends to steal the election is the vast difference between the presstitutes' reporting and the facts on the ground. 
According to the presstitutes, Hillary is so far ahead that there is no point in Trump supporters bothering to vote. Hillary has won the election before the vote. Hillary has been declared a 93% sure winner.
I am yet to see one Hillary yard sign, but Trump signs are everywhere. Reports I receive are that Hillary's public appearances are unattended but Trumps are so heavily attended that people have to be turned away. This is a report from a woman in Florida: 
'Trump has pulled huge numbers all over FL while campaigning here this week. I only see Trump signs and sickers in my wide travels. I dined at a Mexican restaurant last night. Two women my age sitting behind me were talking about how they had tried to see Trump when he came to Tallahassee. They left work early, arriving at the venue at 4:00 for a 6:00 rally. The place was already over capacity so they were turned away. It turned out that there were so many people there by 2:00 that the doors had to be opened to them. The women said that the crowds present were a mix of races and ages.'
I know the person who gave me this report and have no doubt whatsoever as to its veracity. 
I also receive from readers similiar reports from around the country. 
This is how the theft of the election is supposed to work: The media concentrated in a few corporate hands has gone all out to convince not only Americans but also the world, that Donald Trump is such an unacceptable candidate that he has lost the election before the vote. 
By controllng the explanation, when the election is stolen those who challenge the stolen election are without a foundartion in the media. All media reports will say that it was a run away victory for Hillary over the misogynist immigrant-hating Trump.
And liberal, progressive opinion will be relieved and off guard as Hillary takes us into nuclear war.
That the Oligarchy intends to steal the election from the American people is verified by the officially reported behavior of the voting machines in early voting in Texas. The NRP presstitutes have declared that Hillary is such a favorite that even Repulbican Texas is up for grabs in the election. 
If this is the case, why was it necessary for the voting machines to be programmed to change Trump votes to Hillary votes? Those voters who noted that they voted Trump but were recorded Hillary complained. The election officials, claiming a glitch (which only went one way), changed to paper ballots. But who will count them? No 'glitches' caused Hillary votes to go to Trump, only Trump votes to go to Hillary.
The most brilliant movie of our time was The Matrix. This movie captured the life of Americans manipulated by a false reality, only in the real America there is insufficient awareness and no Neo, except possibly Donald Trump, to challenge the system. All of my life I have been trying to get Americans of all stripes—academics, scholars, journalists, Republicans, Democrats, right-wing, left-wing, US Representatives, US Senators, Presidents, corporate moguls and brainwashed Americans and foreigners—out of the false reality in which they exist. 
In the United States today a critical presidential election is in process in which not a single important issue is addressed by Hillary and the presstitutes. This is total failure. Democracy, once the hope of the world, has totally failed in the United States of America. Trump is correct. The American people must restore the accountability of government to the people.
The post The Failure of Democracy, How The Oligarchs Plan To Steal The Election appeared first on PaulCraigRoberts.org .

ARTICLE

Jury Rejects Federal Case Against Malheur Wildlife Refuge Defandants
http://www.seattletimes.com/seattle-news/crime/verdict-near-in-malheur-wildlife-refuge-standoff-trial/ 
From this account in the Voice of Idaho, it seems the Feds took out their loss on the defendants' attorney:
'Ammon Bundy's attorney Marcus Mumford sought the release of Ammon Bundy based upon the verdict of not guilty. The Federal Marshals refused to release him. Mumford insisted that they show the paperwork that allowed them to keep Ammon in custody. They wouldn't show the paperwork. When Mumford refused to accept that as an answer, about eight federal marshals attacked Attorney Mumford IN THE COURT ROOM! They tasered him and arrested him!!'
During the trial the attorney was told by the judge that he could not mention the defendants' spokesperson who was shot down by police for no reason. http://www.seattletimes.com/seattle-news/northwest/judge-threatens-to-fine-ammon-bundys-lawyer-in-malheur-refuge-case/ 
The high-handedness of the Feds apparently was more than the jury could accept.
The post Jury Rejects Federal Case Against Malheur Wildlife Refuge Defandants appeared first on PaulCraigRoberts.org .

ARTICLE

Dear Friends, in the article below The Saker explains how Vladimir Putin wrest the sovereignty of Russia away from the Anglo-Zionist Empire. He hopes that Donald Trump can rescue America. His article is republished with his permission. 
Can Trump Save America Like Putin Saved Russia? 
The Saker 
October 22, 2016 
A crisis faces America: 
Option one: Hillary wins. That's Obama on steroids, only worse. Remember that Obama himself was Dubya, only worse. Of course, Dubya was just Clinton, only worse. Now the circle is closed. Back to Clinton. Except this time around, we have a woman who is deeply insecure, who failed at every single thing that she every tried to do, and who now has a 3 decades long record of disasters and failures. Even when she had no authority to start a war, she started one (told Bill to bomb the Serbs). Now she might have that authority. And she had to stand there, in front of millions of people, and hear Trump tell her 'Putin outsmarted you at every step of the way.' Did you see her frozen face when he said that? Trump is right, Putin did outsmart her and Obama at every step. The problem is that now, after having a President with an inferiority complex towards Putin (Obama) we will have a President with the very same inferiority complex and a morbid determination to impose a no-fly zone over Russian forces in Syria. Looking at Hillary, with her ugly short hair and ridiculous pants, I thought to myself 'this is a woman who is trying hard to prove that she is every bit as tough and any man' – except of course that she ain't. Her record also shows her as being weak, cowardly and with a sense of total impunity. And now, that evil messianic lunatic (http://thesaker.is/the-messianic-lunatic-in-her-own-words/) with a deep-seated inferiority complex might become Commander in Chief?! God help us all! 
Option two: Trump wins. Problem: he will be completely alone. The Neocons have a total, repeat total, control of the Congress, the media, banking and finance, and the courts. From Clinton to Clinton they have deeply infiltrated the Pentagon, Foggy Bottom, and the three letter agencies. The Fed is their stronghold. How in the world will Trump deal with these rabid ' crazies in the basement'? http://www.opednews.com/articles/opedne_donald_a_080423_leo_strauss_and_the_.htm 
Consider the vicious hate campaign which all these 'personalities' (from actors, to politicians to reporters) have unleashed against Trump – they have burned their bridges, they know that they will lose it all if Trump wins (and, if he proves to be an easy pushover his election will make no difference anyway). The Neocons have nothing to lose and they will fight to the very last one. What could Trump possibly do to get anything done if he is surrounded by Neocons and their agents of influence? Bring in an entirely different team? How is he going to vet them? His first choice was to take Pence as a VP – a disaster (he is already sabotaging Trump on Syria and the elections outcome). I *dread* to hear whom Trump will appoint as a White House Chief of Staff as I am afraid that just to appease the Neocons he will appoint some new version of the infamous Rahm Emanuel… And should Trump prove that he has both principles and courage, the Neocons can always 'Dallas' him and replace him with Pence. Et voilà! 
I see only one way out: 
How Putin Rescued Russia When Putin came to power he inherited a Kremlin every bit as corrupt and traitor-infested as the White House nowadays. As for Russia, she was in pretty much the same sorry shape as the Independent Nazi-run Ukraine. Russia was also run by bankers and AngloZionist puppets and most Russians led miserable lives. The big difference is that, unlike what is happening with Trump, the Russian version of the US Neocons never saw the danger coming from Putin. He was selected by the ruling elites as the representative of the security services to serve along a representative of the big corporate money, Medvedev. This was a compromise solution between the only two parts of the Russian society which were still functioning, the security services and oil/gas money. Putin looked like a petty bureaucrat in an ill fitting suit, a shy and somewhat awkward little guy who would present no threat to the powerful oligarchs of the the Seven Bankers running Russia ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Semibankirschina ). Except that he turned out to be one of the most formidable rulers in Russia history. Here is what Putin did as soon as he came to power: 
First, he re-established the credibility of the Kremlin with the armed forces and security services by rapidly and effectively crushing the Wahabi insurgency in Chechnia. This established his personal credibility with the people he would have to rely on to deal with the oligarchs. 
Second, he used the fact that everybody, every single businessman and corporation in Russia, did more or less break the law during the 1990s, if only because there really was no law. Instead of cracking down on the likes of Berezovski or Khodorkovski for their political activities, he crushed them with (absolutely true) charges of corruption. Crucially, he did that very publicly, sending a clear message to the other arch-enemy: the media. 
Third, contrary to the hallucinations of the western human rights agencies and Russian liberals, Putin never directly suppressed any dissent, or cracked down on the media or, even less so, ordered the murder of anybody. He did something much smarter. Remember that modern journalists are first and foremost presstitutes, right? By mercilessly cracking down on the oligarchs Putin deprived the presstitutes of their source of income and political support. Some emigrated to the Ukraine, others simply resigned, and a few were left like on a reservation or a zoo on a few very clearly identifiable media outlets such as Dozhd TV, Ekho Moskvy Radio or the newspaper Kommersant. Those who emigrated became irrelevant, as for those who stayed in the 'liberal zoo' – they were harmless as they had no credibility left. Crucially, everybody else 'got the message'. After that, all it took is the appointment a few real patriots (such as Dmitri Kiselev, Margarita Simonian and others) in key positions and everybody quickly understood that the winds of fortune had now turned. 
Fourth, once the main media outlets were returned back to sanity it did not take too long for the 'liberal' (in the Russian sense, meaning pro-USA) parties to enter into a death-spiral from which they have never recovered. That, in turn, resulted in the ejection of all 'liberals' from the Duma which now has only 4 parties, all of them more or less 'patriotic'. That's the part of Putin's strategy that worked. 
So far, Putin has failed to eject the 5th columnists, whom I call the 'Atlantic Integrationists' (see http://thesaker.is/putins-biggest-failure/ ) from the government itself. What is certain is that Putin has not tackled the 5th columnists in the banking/finance sector and that the latter are being very careful not to give him a pretext to take action against them. 
Russia and the USA are very different countries, and no recipe can be simply copied from one to another. Still, there are valuable lessons from the 'Putin model' for Trump, not the least of which that his most formidable enemies probably are sitting in the Fed and in the banks that control the Fed. What is sure is that for the time being the image of the USA will continue to be that of homeless veterans abandoned by the US government wrapping themselves in the American flag and asking for coins in a cup. 
Hillary thinks that Ameria's wars are a stunning success. Trump thinks that they are a disgrace. I submit that the choice between these two is really very simple. 
To those who are saying that there cannot be a schism in the AngloZionist elites, I reply that the example of the conspiracy to prevent Dominique Strauss-Kahn from becoming the next French president ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/New_York_v._Strauss-Kahn ) shows that, just like hyenas, AngloZionist leaders do sometimes turn on each other. That happens in all regimes, regardless of their political ideology (think SS against SA in Nazi Germany or Trotskists against Stalinists in Boshevik USSR). 
An Iron Broom Leon Trotsky used to say the Soviet Russia needed to be cleansed from anarchists and noblemen with an 'iron broom'. He even wrote an article in the Pravda entitled 'We need an iron broom'. Another genocidal manic, Felix Derzhinskii, founder of the notorious ChK secret police, used to say that a secret police officer must have a 'burning heart, a cool head and clean hands'. One would seek weakness, or even compassion, in vain from folks like these. These are ideology-driven 'true believers', sociopaths with no sense of empathy, profoundly evil people with a genocidal hatred of anybody standing in their way. 
Hillary Clinton and her gang of Neocons are the spiritual (and sometimes even physical) successors of the Soviet Bolsheviks and they, just like their Bolshevik forefathers, will not hesitate for a second to crush their enemies. Donald Trump – assuming he is for real and actually means what he says – has to understand that and do what Putin did: strike first and strike hard. 
Stalin, by the way, also did exactly that, and the Trotskyists were crushed. 
I think that the jury is still out on whether Putin will succeed in finally removing the 5th columnists from power. What is sure is that Russia is at least semi-free from the control of the Anglo-Zionists and that the US is their last bastion right now. Their maniacal hatred of Trump can in part be explained by the sense of danger these folks feel, being threatened for the first time in what they see as their homeland (I don't mean that in a patriotic sense – but rather like a parasite's care for 'his' host). And maybe they have some good reason to fear. I sure hope that they do. 
I am rather encouraged by the way Trump handled the latest attempt to make him cower in fear. Yesterday Trump dared to declare that since the election might be rigged or stolen he does not pledge to recognize the outcome. And even though every semi-literate person knows that elections in the USA have been rigged and stolen in the past, including Presidential ones, by saying that Trump committed a major case of crimethink. The Ziomedia pounced on him with self-righteous outrage and put immense pressure on him to retract his statement. Instead of rolling over and recanting his 'crime', Trump replied that he will respect the election results if he wins. 
Beautiful no? Let's hope he continues to show the same courage. 
Trump is doing now what Jean-Marie Le Pen did in France: he is showing the Neocons that be that he dares to openly defy them, that he refuses to play by their rules, that their outrage has no effect on him and that they don't get to censor or, even less so, silence him. That is also what he did when, yet again, he refused to accuse the Russians of cyber-attacks and, instead, repeated that it would be a good thing for Russia and the USA to be friends. Again, I am not sure that how long he will be able to hold that line, but for the time being there is no denying that he is openly defying the AngloZionist deep state and Empire. 
Conclusion: The United States are about to enter what might possibly be the deepest and most dangerous crisis of their history. If Trump is elected, he will have to immediately launch a well-planned attack against his opponents without giving them any pretext to accuse him of politically motivated repressions. In Russia, Putin could count on the support of the military and the security services. I don't know whom Trump can count on, but I am fairly confident that there are still true patriots in the US armed forces. If Trump gets the right person to head the FBI, he might also use that agency to clean house and deliver a steady streams of indictments for corruption, conspiracy to (fill the blank), abuse of authority, obstruction of justice and dereliction of duty, etc. Since such crimes are widespread in the current circles of power, they are also easy to prove, and cracking down on corruption would get Trump a standing ovation from the American people. Next, just as Putin did in Russia, Trump will have to deal with the media. How exactly, I don't know. But he will have to face this beast and defeat it. At every step in this process he will have to get the proactive support of the people, just like Putin does. 
Can Trump do it? I don't know. I would argue that to overthrow the deep state and restore the power of the people is even harder in the USA than it was in Russia. I have always believed that the AngloZionist Empire will have to be brought down from the outside, most probably by a combination of military and economic defeats. I still believe that. However, I might be wrong – in fact, I hope that I am – and maybe Trump will be the guy to bring down the Empire in order to save the United States. If there is such a possibility, however slim, I think that we have to believe in it and act on it as all the alternatives are far worse. Dr. Paul Craig Roberts was Assistant Secretary of the Treasury for Economic Policy and associate editor of the Wall Street Journal. He was columnist for Business Week, Scripps Howard News Service, and Creators Syndicate. He has had many university appointments. His internet columns have attracted a worldwide following. Roberts' latest books are The Failure of Laissez Faire Capitalism and Economic Dissolution of the West , How America Was Lost , and The Neoconservative Threat to World Order . Newsletter Notifications Signup Form

ARTICLE

The Director of the FBI Reopens the Hillary Case
Paul Craig Roberts
Word has reached me from Washington that the FBI has reopened the Hillary case of her violation of US National Security protocols, not because of the content of the new email releases, but because voter support for Trump seems to be overwhelming, while Hillary has cancelled appearances due to inability to muster a crowd. The popular vote leaves the FBI far out on the limb for its corrupt clearance of Hillary. The agency now has to redeem itself.
I myself do not know what precisely to think. Having been at the top of the Washington hierarchy for a quarter century, I have seen many mistaken judgments. At one time I had subpoena power over the CIA and was able to inform President Reagan that the CIA had misled him. He took note and proceeded with his policy of ending the Cold War with the Soviets. On other issues I have been mistaken, because I assumed that there was more integrity in government than actually exists.
However, FBI director Comey did not need to reopen the case against Hillary simply because some new incriminating emails appeared. Having dismissed the other incriminating evidence, these emails could have passed unremarked. 
The problem for the FBI, which once was a trusted American institution, but no longer is, is that there is no longer any doubt that Donald Trump will win the popular vote for president of the United States. His appearances are so heavily attended that thousands are turned away by local fire/occupancy regulations. In contrast, Hillary has curtailed her appearances, because she doesn't draw more than 30 or 40 people.
Americans are sick to death of the corrupt Clintons and the corrupt American media. The Clintons are so completely bought-and-paid-for by the Oligarchy that they were able to outspend Hollywood on their daughter's wedding, dropping $3,000,000 on the event.
Nevertheless, I don't underestimate the power of the Oligarchy. As Assistant Secretary of the US Treasury I experienced the Oligarchy's power. If I had not been backed by the President of the United States, I would have been destroyed.
Indeed, the Oligarchy is still trying to destroy me.
Possibly Trump, as his enemies allerge, is just another fake, like Obama who misled the electorate. However, Trump attacks the Oligarchy so strongly that it is hard to believe that Trump isn't real. Trump is asking for a bullet like John F. Kennedy, like Robert Kennedy, like Martin Luther King, like George Wallace. 
In Amerika, dissidents are exterminated. 
Trump is up against voting machines over which he has no control. If there are no INDEPENDENT exit polls, Trump can easily be robbed of the election, as the Texas early voting scandal indicates, with the electronic machines assigning Trump votes to Hillary. The 'glitch' doesn't assign any Hillary votes to Trump.
My expectation is that, unless Trump's popular vote is so overwhelming, the electoral collage vote will be stolen. Because of the absence of any valid reporting by the presstitutes, I don't know what impact the orchestrated election of Hillary would have on the electorate. Possibly, Americans will break out of The Matrix and take to the streets.
I beleve that Hillary in the Oval Office would convince the Russians and the Chinese that their national survival requires a pre-emptive nuclear attack on the crazed, insane government of the United States, the complete narcisstic state that in the words of Hillary and Obama is 'the exceptional, indispensible country,' empowered by History to impose its will on the world. This crazed American agenda is not something that Russia and China will accept.
Here is Donald Trump speaking to Americans in words Americans have been waiting to hear:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D8prvxjW2wM 
Notice that Trump doesn't need teleprompters. 
I do not agree with Trump on many issues, but the American people do. For me and for the world, the importance of Trump is the prospect of peace with Russia. Nuclear war makes every other problem irrelevant. 
If Hillary is installed by the Oligarchy—this is a word used by former Democratic President Jimmy Carter who said that the US is no longer a functioning democracy but is ruled by an Oligarchy—war with Russia and China will be upon us.
After 15 years the Taliban and ISIS still run wild in the Middle East despite the efforts of the American 'superpower.' Unable to defeat a few lightly armied Taiban after 15 years, what prospects does the enfeebled US have of winning a conflict with Russia and China?
None whatsoever.
The United States has had an entire generation of people born into a war for which the purpose is inexplicable. Why these wars? Why this endless slaughter of women and children and endless columns of refugees overwhelming all of Europe desperately striving to escape Washington's wars of world hegemony. Why do not the total dumbshits in Washington hear when the President of Russia says that 'Russia can no longer tolerate the state of affairs that Washington has created in the world.'
The unjustified arrogance of Washington, a washed up Third World State, is likely to destroy life on earth. No greater danger to life exists than Washington. We have to hope that Trump can clean out the Augean Stables.
I
The post The Director of the FBI Reopens the Hillary Case — Paul Craig Roberts appeared first on PaulCraigRoberts.org .

ARTICLE

President Putin Asks US To Stop Provoking Russia
Putin expressed hopes that a new US president will work with him to rectify the dangerous deterioration in relations between the US and Russia. Obviously, this cannot happen if the new president is Hillary.
http://www.strategic-culture.org/news/2016/10/30/president-putin-valdai-speech-obama-legacy-can-be-rectified.html 
The post President Putin Asks US To Stop Provoking Russia appeared first on PaulCraigRoberts.org .

ARTICLE

Can The American People Defeat The Oligarchy That Rules Them?
Paul Craig Roberts
I am surprised that Hillary and the presstitutes haven't blamesd Putin for FBI director Comey's reopening of the Hillary email case. But they have done the next best thing for Hillary. They have made Comey the issue, not Hillary.
According to US Senator Harry Reid and the presstitutes, we don't need to worry about Hillary's crimes. After all, she is only a political woman feathering her nest, like political men have been doing for ages. Why all this misogynist talk about Hillary? It is Comey's alleged crime that is important. This woman-hating Republican violated the Hatch Act by telling Congress that the investigation he said was closed was reopened. A very strange interpretation of the Hatch Act. It is OK to tell that a candidate for president is cleared duing an election but not to say that a candidate is under investigation.
Comey violated the Hatch Act when he, on orders from the corrupt Obama Attorney General, announced Hillary clean, and thereby used the prestige of federal clearance of Hillary's violation of national security protocols to boost her standing in the election polls.
Actually, Hillary's standing in the polls is based on the pollsters over-weighting Hillary supporters in the polls. It is easy to produce a favorite if you overweight their supporters in the poll questions. If you look at the crowds attending the two candidate's public appearances, it is clear that the American people prefer Donald Trump, who is opposed to war with Russia and China. The election settles no greater issue. 
This has the ruling American Oligarcy, for which Hillary is the total servant, concerned. What are they going to do about Trump? Will his fate be the same as John F. Kennedy, Robert Kennedy, Martin Luther King, George Wallace? Time will tell. Or will a hotal maid appear at the last minute in the way that the Oligarchy got rid of Dominic Strauss-Kahn? 
All of the American and Western feminists, progressives, and left-wing remnant fell for the obvious frame-up of Strauss-Kahn. After Strauss-Kahn was blocked from the Presidency of France and resigned as Director of the IMF, the New York authorities had to drop all charges against Strauss-Kahn. But Washington had succeeded in putting its French vassal in the presidency of France. 
This is how the American Oligarchy desroys those it suspects might not serve its interests. The corrupt self-sereving Oligarchy makes sure that it owns the government and the media, the think tanks and increasingly all of the major universities, and, of course, through the presstitutes, Amerians' minds.
The Oligarhs are now hard-pressed to rescue Hillary as US president, so let's see if the Oligarchs can once again deceive the insouciant American people.
While we wait, let's concern outselves with another important issue. The Clinton crime syndicate in the closing years of the 20th century allowed a small handful of mega-corporations to consolidate the US media in a few hands. This vast increase in the power of the Oligarchy was accomplished despite US anti-trust law and the American tradition of a dispersed and independent media. 
But really, what does federal law mean to the One Percent. Nothing whatsoever. They are immune to it. Hillary's crimes might cost her the election, but she won't go to jail.
Not content with 90% control of the US media, the Oligarchy wants more concentration and more control. Looks like they will be getting it, thanks to the totally corrupt US government.
The Federal Trade Commission is supposed to enforce US anti-trust law. Instead, the corrupt federal agency routinely violates US anti-trust law by permitting monopoly concentrations of business interests. 
Because of the failure of the federal government to enforce federal law, we now have 'banks too big to fail,' unregulated Internet monopoly, and the evisceration of a dispersed and independent media. 
There formerly was a field of economics known as anti-trust. Ph.D. candidates specialized in and wrote dissertations about public control of monopoly power. I assume that this field of
economics, like the America of my youth, no longer exists. 
http://www.veteransnewsnow.com/2016/10/22/just-what-the-hell-does-the-federal-trade-commission-antitrust-division-do-anymore/ 
The post Can The American People Defeat The Oligarchy That Rules Them? appeared first on PaulCraigRoberts.org .

ARTICLE

Can The American People Defeat The Oligarchy That Rules Them?
Paul Craig Roberts
I am surprised that Hillary and the presstitutes haven't blamed Putin for FBI director Comey's reopening of the Hillary email case. But they have done the next best thing for Hillary. They have made Comey the issue, not Hillary.
According to US Senator Harry Reid and the presstitutes, we don't need to worry about Hillary's crimes. After all, she is only a political woman feathering her nest, like political men have been doing for ages. Why all this misogynist talk about Hillary? It is Comey's alleged crime that is important. This woman-hating Republican violated the Hatch Act by telling Congress that the investigation he said was closed was reopened. A very strange interpretation of the Hatch Act. It is OK to tell that a candidate for president is cleared duing an election but not to say that a candidate is under investigation.
Comey violated the Hatch Act when he, on orders from the corrupt Obama Attorney General, announced Hillary clean, and thereby used the prestige of federal clearance of Hillary's violation of national security protocols to boost her standing in the election polls.
Actually, Hillary's standing in the polls is based on the pollsters over-weighting Hillary supporters in the polls. It is easy to produce a favorite if you overweight their supporters in the poll questions. If you look at the crowds attending the two candidate's public appearances, it is clear that the American people prefer Donald Trump, who is opposed to war with Russia and China. The election settles no greater issue.
This has the ruling American Oligarcy, for which Hillary is the total servant, concerned. What are they going to do about Trump? Will his fate be the same as John F. Kennedy, Robert Kennedy, Martin Luther King, George Wallace? Time will tell. Or will a hotal maid appear at the last minute in the way that the Oligarchy got rid of Dominic Strauss-Kahn?
All of the American and Western feminists, progressives, and left-wing remnant fell for the obvious frame-up of Strauss-Kahn. After Strauss-Kahn was blocked from the Presidency of France and resigned as Director of the IMF, the New York authorities had to drop all charges against Strauss-Kahn. But Washington had succeeded in putting its French vassal, Sarkozy, in the presidency of France.
This is how the American Oligarchy destroys those it suspects might not serve its interests. The corrupt self-sereving Oligarchy makes sure that it owns the government and the media, the think tanks and increasingly all of the major universities, and, of course, through the presstitutes, Americans' minds.
The Oligarchs are now hard-pressed to rescue Hillary as US president, so let's see if the Oligarchs can once again deceive the insouciant American people.
While we wait, let's concern outselves with another important issue. The Clinton crime syndicate in the closing years of the 20th century allowed a small handful of mega-corporations to consolidate the US media in a few hands. This vast increase in the power of the Oligarchy was accomplished despite US anti-trust law and the American tradition of a dispersed and independent media.
But really, what does federal law mean to the One Percent. Nothing whatsoever. They are immune to it. Hillary's crimes might cost her the election, but she won't go to jail.
Not content with 90% control of the US media, the Oligarchy wants more concentration and more control. Looks like they will be getting it, thanks to the totally corrupt US government.
The Federal Trade Commission is supposed to enforce US anti-trust law. Instead, the corrupt federal agency routinely violates US anti-trust law by permitting monopoly concentrations of business interests.
Because of the failure of the federal government to enforce federal law, we now have 'banks too big to fail,' unregulated Internet monopoly, and the evisceration of a dispersed and independent media.
There formerly was a field of economics known as anti-trust. Ph.D. candidates specialized in and wrote dissertations about public control of monopoly power. I assume that this field of
economics, like the America of my youth, no longer exists.
In the article below, Rahul Manchanda, explains that 'yet again another huge media conglomerate is being swallowed and acquired by another huge media conglomerate, to create another gargantuan media outlet, in another consolidation of the enormous power, money, wealth, intimidation, conspiracy and control' that eviscerates the US Constitution and the First Amendment.
http://www.veteransnewsnow.com/2016/10/22/just-what-the-hell-does-the-federal-trade-commission-antitrust-division-do-anymore/ 
The post Can The American People Defeat The Oligarchy That Rules Them? — Paul Craig Roberts appeared first on PaulCraigRoberts.org .

ARTICLE

How Voting Machines Are Programmed In Order To Steal Elections
Americans are being told by 'experts' (read 'Hillary supporters') that election fraud in the US is rare. They are also being misinformed that voting fraud would be detected. The fact of the matter is, as has now been proven, that no vast conspiracy is required. One person suffices to have the machine count the votes as desired. Once the vote is recorded the code erases the elements that would reveal the fraud. 
The entire purpose of the presstitutes reporting a non-existent Hillary lead is to create in advance acceptance that she won, thereby discrediting in advance any challenge to the rigged outcome.
https://jonrappoport.wordpress.com/2016/10/31/biggest-election-fraud-in-history-discovered-in-the-united-states/ 
The post How Voting Machines Are Programmed In Order To Steal Elections appeared first on PaulCraigRoberts.org .

ARTICLE

On Nov 1, 2016 2:13 PM, 'Mimi Kennedy' wrote:
Please circulate widely:
Bev Harris of blackboxvoting.org finally put up Fraction Magic video. Appropriately, on Halloween. 
98,000 views in less than 24 hours: https://youtu.be/Fob-AGgZn44 
Don't be afraid. Watch. The capacity to commit fraud exists; stop arguing about who's using it, get it out, and in the meantime for this election, pay attention to vote-counting any way you can. Find out if you have ballot images and make sure they're preserved for public record. Many officials destroy them because they can't be fixed to match digital vote-shifting.
Accounting software was built into Diebold's original digital counting system (Global Election Management System, or GEMS.) It has since migrated to ES&S, Sequoia, and Dominion, tallying votes in their DREs and their optical scanners. To work with the accounting software and use it to apply desired percentages to outcomes you only have to
1) know it's there
2) know how to use it
3) have access before or during an election
4) know how to cover your tracks
Bennie Smith, the researcher who found the accounting program, was inspecting databases that Bev Harris had obtained in a court settlement some years back. (whole story at www.blackboxvoting.org)
He found a few screens showing fractionalized election results and thought 'this reeks.' He was familiar with accounting software, and found a menu feature that turned whole numbers into fractions and back again at the click of a key. You need this in accounting, where cents on the dollar require precise totals. But for one person one vote? 
Bennie, who can write code, went to work developing a little app that could attach to code Bev had found online, in the early 2000s, in a file named ROB GEORGIA (that story is on www.blackboxvoting.org and was part of the movie Hacking Democracy.) Bennie applied the app to an old race in one of the election database Bev had obtained in court. He changed the results of the race, using the fraction menu, then returned it to whole numbers. https://youtu.be/Fob-AGgZn44 shows it being done in real time. He says the app could be attached by someone who knew what they were doing, and it could run during a live election as results came in – IF you wanted to commit election fraud. 
The only evidence one might see, in such a case, would perhaps be an occasional shift downward (loss) of votes already obtained by some candidates, if the fraudster chose a percentage that 'showed.' (That's why 'the latest polls' and 'margin of error' and 'gap is closing' and 'momentum' are important considerations. ) Because the app might have to 'steal' from one candidate to another to keep within the commanded percentage. 
Wow! Activists taking screen shots of live election results have seen exactly this – and it's explained away as ' glitch'! Hm.
Ok, so we know that hand-counted paper ballots, where there are opti-scan counts, are a necessity – either to a statistically-sufficient random audit or as fully redundant count. 
We also know that few paper ballot jurisdictions are set up with that infrastructure, in 2016, to do this. Some states have no audit laws. And what of DRE jurisdictions, with or without paper?
A SOLUTION HAS APPEARED IN THE COURT CASE JOHN BRAKEY JUST WON IN PIMA ARIZONA. 
Turns out that many of our opt-scanners and DREs (even those without paper!) make ballot images of cast ballots – opt-scanners create the image as the ballots are scanned, touchscreen as the voted onscreen ballot is 'Cast'. AND turns out that these images are nearly impossible, CURRENTLY, to make match a fraudulent digital count. Too many pixels!
Any count shifted by an intruding set percentage cannot currently simultaneously change the ballot images to match. 
John Brakey found his Pima County officials destroying the ballot images and refusing to make them public record. Brakey got a court order from a judge that they must be preserved in November 2016 and made available for public inspection. 
The public could obtain a vote-count from these images even if officials refuse to hand-count. The ballot image vote count must match the'official' results or something has been manipulated in the 'official' results. 
Brakey found further suspicious activity around the ballot images. The ES&S optical scanner used in Pima County also has a printer that stamps, on the back of each paper ballot, a unique iD number that is also given to the ballot image. It cannot be traced to the voter. It only matches the paper ballot with its image, as a check and balance for transparent audit. 
Pima County officials did not use the printer. They removed its cartridge. Their paper ballots did not have ID numbers. So, impossible to match to the images, which they were destroying anyway. 
The ID printer was part of the sales package ES&S offered to jurisdictions to states like AZ that have audit laws. Disabling it was against the law. 
The judge ordered Pima County to enable the printer by using a damn cartridge and have it running for the November, 2016, election.
Let's stand up and demand election integrity using the means at our disposal. We are not to be shamed for insisting that our votes be counted as cast. 
The post Very Easy to invisibly steal US elections appeared first on PaulCraigRoberts.org .

ARTICLE

Clintons Are Under Multiple FBI Investigations as Agents Are Stymied
http://wallstreetonparade.com/2016/10/clintons-are-under-multiple-fbi-investigations-as-agents-are-stymied/ 
The post Clintons Are Under Multiple FBI Investigations as Agents Are Stymied appeared first on PaulCraigRoberts.org .

ARTICLE

Can The Oligarchy Still Steal The Presidential Election?
Paul Craig Roberts
The election was set up to be stolen from Trump. That was the purpose of the polls rigged by overweighting Hillary supporters in the samples. After weeks of hearing poll results that Hillary was in the lead, the public would discount a theft claim. Electronic voting makes elections easy to steal, and I have posted explanations by election fraud experts of how it is done.
Clearly the Oligarchy does not want Donald Trump in the White House as they are unsure that they could control him, and Hillary is their agent. 
With the reopening of the FBI investigation of Hillary and related scandals exploding all around her, election theft is not only more risky but also less likely to serve the Oligarchy's own interests.
Image as well as money is part of Oligarchic power. The image of America takes a big hit if the American people elect a president who is currently under felony investigation. 
Moreover, a President Hillary would be under investigation for years. With so much spotlight on her, she would not be able to serve the Oligarchy's interests. She would be worthless to them, and, indeed, investigations that unearthed various connections between Hillary and oligarchs could damage the oligarchs. 
In other words, for the Oligarchy Hillary has moved from an asset to a liability.
A Hillary presidency could put our country into chaos. I doubt the oligarchs are sufficiently stupid to think that once she is sworn in, Hillary can fire FBI Director Comey and shut down the investigation. The last president that tried that was Richard Nixon, and look where that got him. 
Moreover, the Republicans in the House and Senate would not stand for it. House Committee on oversight and Government Reform chairman Jason Chaffetz has already declared Hillary to be 'a target-rich environment. Even before we get to day one, we've got two years worth of material already lined up.' House Speaker Paul Ryan said investigation will follow the evidence.
If you were an oligarch, would you want your agent under this kind of scrutiny? If you were Hillary, would you want to be under this kind of pressure? 
What happens if the FBI recommends the indictment of the president? Even insouciant Americans would see the cover-up if the attorney general refused to prosecute the case. Americans would lose all confidence in the government. Chaos would rule. Chaos can be revolutionary, and that is not good for oligarchs.
Moreover, if reports can be believed, salacious scandals appear to be waiting their time on stage. For example, last May Fox News reported: 
'Former President Bill Clinton was a much more frequent flyer on a registered sex offender's infamous jet than previously reported, with flight logs showing the former president taking at least 26 trips aboard the 'Lolita Express' — even apparently ditching his Secret Service detail for at least five of the flights, according to records obtained by FoxNews.com.
'Clinton's presence aboard Jeffrey Epstein's Boeing 727 on 11 occasions has been reported, but flight logs show the number is more than double that, and trips between 2001 and 2003 included extended junkets around the world with Epstein and fellow passengers identified on manifests by their initials or first names, including 'Tatiana.' The tricked-out jet earned its Nabakov-inspired nickname because it was reportedly outfitted with a bed where passengers had group sex with young girls.'
Fox News reports that Epstein served time in prison for 'solicitation and procurement of minors for prostitution. He allegedly had a team of traffickers who procured girls as young as 12 to service his friends on 'Orgy Island,' an estate on Epstein's 72-acre island, called Little St. James, in the U.S. Virgin Islands.' http://www.foxnews.com/us/2016/05/13/flight-logs-show-bill-clinton-flew-on-sex-offenders-jet-much-more-than-previously-known.html 
Some Internet sites, the credibility of which is unknown to me, have linked Hillary to these flights. http://truepundit.com/breaking-bombshell-nypd-blows-whistle-on-new-hillary-emails-money-laundering-sex-crimes-with-children-child-exploitation-pay-to-play-perjury/ 
This kind of behavior seems reckless even for Bill and Hillary, who are accustomed to getting away with everything. Nevertheless, if you are an oligarch already worried about the reopened Hillary email case and additional FBI investigations, such as the one into the Clinton Foundation, and concerned about what else might emerge from the 650,000 emails on former US Rep. Weiner's computer and the NYPD pedophile investigation, putting Hillary in the Oval Office doesn't look like a good decision.
At this point, I would think that the Oligarchy would prefer to steal the election for Trump, instead of from him, rather than allow insouciant Americans to destroy America's reputation by choosing a person under felony investigations for president of the United States.
Being the 'exceptional nation' takes on new meaning when there is a criminal at the helm.
The post Can The Oligarchy Still Steal The Presidential Election? — Paul Craig Roberts appeared first on PaulCraigRoberts.org .

ARTICLE

The Choice Is Trump or the Oligarchy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vST61W4bGm8 
The post The Choice Is Trump or the Oligarchy appeared first on PaulCraigRoberts.org .

ARTICLE

Assange Points Out Hillary's Emails Confirm Oligarchic Control
https://www.rt.com/news/365404-assange-pilger-clinton-fbi/ 
https://www.rt.com/news/365405-assange-pilger-full-transcript/ 
The post Assange Points Out Hillary's Emails Confirm Oligarchic Control appeared first on PaulCraigRoberts.org .

ARTICLE

In the Western World Respect for Law No Longer Exists 
Two of the Most Important Journalists in the World Emphasize the Criminality that Rules in the US, UK, and Sweden 
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=wdoHXVJPta8&feature=youtu.be 
The post In the Western World Respect for Law No Longer Exists appeared first on PaulCraigRoberts.org .

ARTICLE

How the Oligarchy Has Prepared the Groundwork for Stealing the Election 
In addition to the cyber manipulation of electronic voting (see http://www.paulcraigroberts.org/2016/11/01/very-easy-to-invisibly-steal-us-elections/ ), Finian Cunningham explains a second method the Oligarchy has prepared that would allow the election to be stolen for Hillary. The groundwork that has been officially established indicates that a false flag cyber attack is the preferred method.
A Digital 9/11 If Trump Wins by Finian Cunningham 
There are disturbing signs that a digital 9/11 false flag terror attack is being readied for election day in the US to ensure that Donald Trump does not win. 
Such an attack – involving widespread internet and power outage – would have nothing to do with Russia or any other foreign state. It would be furnished by agencies of the US Deep State in a classic 'false flag' covert manner. But the resulting chaos and 'assault on American democracy' will be conveniently blamed on Russia. 
That presents a double benefit. Russia would be further demonized as a foreign aggressor 'justifying' even harsher counter measures by America and its European allies against Moscow. 
Secondly, a digital attack on America's presidential election day this week, would allow the Washington establishment to pronounce a Trump win invalid due to 'Russian cyber subversion'. Invalidation is a prepared option if the ballot results show Republican candidate Donald Trump as the imminent victor. 
Democrat rival Hillary Clinton is the clear choice for the White House among the Washington establishment. She has the backing of Wall Street finance capital, the corporate media, the military-industrial complex and the Deep State agencies of the Pentagon and CIA. The fix has been in for months to get her elected by the powers-that-be owing to her well-groomed obedience to American imperialist interests. 
The billionaire property magnate Trump is too much of a maverick to be entrusted with the White House, as far as the American ruling elite are concerned. 
The trouble is that, despite the massive campaign to discredit Trump, polls show his support remains stubbornly close to Clinton's. The latter has been tainted with too many scandals involving allegations of sleazy dealings with Wall Street, so-called pay-for-play favors while she was former Secretary of State, and her penchant for inciting overseas wars for regime change using jihadist terrorist foot-soldiers. 
As one headline from McClatchy News only days ago put it: 'Majority of voters think Clinton acted illegally, new poll finds'. http://www.mcclatchydc.com/news/politics-government/election/article112635048.html#emlnl=Evening_Newsletter 
Trump is right. The US presidential election is rigged. The system is heavily stacked against any candidate who does not conform with the interests of the establishment. The massive media-orchestrated campaign against Trump is testimony to that. 
But such is popular disgust with Clinton, her sleaze-ball husband Bill and the Washington establishment that her victory is far from certain. Indeed in the last week before voting this Tuesday various polls are showing a neck-and-neck race with even some indicators putting the Republican narrowly ahead. 
Over the weekend, the Washington Post, which has been one of the main media outlets panning Trump on a daily basis, reported this: 'The electoral map is definitely moving in Trump's direction'. https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/the-fix/wp/2016/11/04/dont-look-now-the-electoral-map-is-definitely-moving-in-donald-trumps-direction/?wpisrc=nl_headlines&wpmm=1 
In recent days, American media are reporting a virtual state of emergency by the US government and its security agencies to thwart what they claim are Russian efforts to incite 'election day cyber mayhem.' 
In one 'exclusive' report by the NBC network on November 3, it was claimed that: 'The US government believes hackers from Russia or elsewhere may try to undermine next week's presidential election and is mounting an unprecedented effort to counter their cyber meddling.' http://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/white-house-readies-fight-election-day-cyber-mayhem-n677636?cid=sm_tw 
On November 4, the Washington Post reported: 'Intelligence officials warn of Russian mischief in election and beyond.' https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/national-security/russia-seen-as-unable-to-alter-election-but-may-still-seek-to-undermine-it/2016/11/03/b7387160-a1cd-11e6-8832-23a007c77bb4_story.html 
Apparently, the emergency security response is being coordinated by the White House, the Department of Homeland Security, the CIA, the National Security Agency and other elements of the Defense Department, according to NBC. 
These claims of Russian state hackers interfering in the US political system are not new. Last month, the Obama administration officially accused Moscow of this alleged malfeasance. https://www.theguardian.com/technology/2016/oct/07/us-russia-dnc-hack-interfering-presidential-election 
Russian President Vladimir Putin has lambasted American claims that his country is seeking to disrupt the presidential elections as 'hysterical nonsense', aimed at distracting the electorate from far more deep-rooted internal problems. http://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/putin-rejects-claims-russian-interference-us-election-43103312 
The Obama administration and its state security agencies have not provided one iota of evidence to support their allegations against Russia. Nevertheless the repeated charges have a tendency to stick. 
The Clinton campaign has for months been accusing Trump of being a 'pro-Russian stooge'. Clinton's campaign has also claimed that Russian hackers have colluded with the whistleblower organization Wikileaks to release thousands of private emails damaging Clinton with the intention of swaying the election in favor of Trump. 
Wikileaks' director Julian Assange and the Russian government have both rejected any suggestion that they are somehow collaborating, or that they are working to get Trump elected. 
But on the eve of the election, the US authorities are recklessly pushing hysteria that Russia is trying to subvert American democracy. 
Michael McFaul, the former US ambassador to Russia from 2012 to 2014 is quoted as saying: 'The Russians are in an offensive mode and the US is working on strategies to respond to that, and at the highest levels.' 
NBC cites a senior Obama administration official as saying that the Russians 'want to sow as much confusion as possible and undermine our process'. 
Ominously, the news outlet adds that 'steps are being taken to prepare for worst-case scenarios, including a cyber-attack that shuts down part of the power grid or the internet.' 
Nearly two weeks ago, on October 21-22, the US was hit with a widespread internet outage. The actors behind the 'distributed denial of service' were not identified, but the disruption was nationwide and it temporarily disabled many popular consumer services. One former official at the US Department of Homeland Security described the event as having 'all the signs of what would be considered a drill'. http://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/white-house-readies-fight-election-day-cyber-mayhem-n677636?cid=sm_tw 
Could that cyber-attack have been the work of US Deep State agencies as a dress rehearsal for an even bigger outage planned for November 8 – election day? 
The Washington establishment wants Clinton over Trump. She's the marionette of choice for their strategic interests, including a more hostile foreign policy towards Russia in Syria, Ukraine and elsewhere. But Trump might prove to be the voters' choice. In which case, the shadowy forces that really rule America can trigger a 'digital 9/11'. 
It's not difficult to imagine the chaos and mayhem from internet blackout, power, transport, banking and communications paralysis – even for just a temporary period of a few hours. Months of fingering Russia as a destabilizing foreign enemy intent on interfering in US democracy to get 'Comrade Trump' into the White House would then serve as a self-fulfilling prophecy. In that event, the US authorities could plausibly move to declare the election of Donald J Trump null and void. 
In fact the scenario could be contrived to a far more serious level than merely invalidating the election result. The US authorities could easily feign that a state of emergency is necessary in order to 'defend national security'. That contingency catapults beyond 'rigged politics'. It is a green light for a coup d'état by the Deep State forces who found that they could not win through the 'normal' rigging methods.
Originally published: https://sputniknews.com/columnists/201611061047117877-digital-9-11-if-trump-wins/ 
The post How the Oligarchy Has Prepared the Groundwork for Stealing the Election appeared first on PaulCraigRoberts.org .

ARTICLE

Mark Crispin Miller, a professor at New York University, explains how US elections are stolen:
http://www.informationclearinghouse.info/article45799.htm 
He outlines what can be done, but those in power will not do it. Revolution is probably the only solution.
The post Mark Crispin Miller, a professor at New York University, explains how US elections are stolen: appeared first on PaulCraigRoberts.org .

ARTICLE

Stephen Lendman Sums Up The NYT 
NYT Scare Tactics for Hillary 
by Stephen Lendman 
The Times shamelessly serves as Hillary's press agent, masquerading as a legitimate source of news and information. 
On November 5, its editors hyped a nonexistent 'catastrophe that looms if we wake up Wednesday morning to President-elect Trump…Averting the worst starts with electing Hillary Clinton,' they blustered. http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/06/opinion/sunday/imagining-america-on-nov-9.html?_r=1 
Appealing to voters unwilling or dubious about supporting her, they ignored her high crimes and unfitness for any public office, calling Trump 'an ignorant and reckless tyrant,' then asking: '(W)hat did you do to stop him' if he emerges triumphant? 
Claiming 'Republican efforts to jam the electoral machinery through lies, legal obstructions and the threat of violence,' they ignored DNC rigged primaries for Hillary, urging voters to 'hold out, however intimidating the process and long the lines.' 
The Times never served its readers responsibly, an exclusive voice for wealth, power and privilege. Its press agent journalism for Hillary turned itself into a laughing stock – disgracefully supporting a war criminal/racketeer/perjurer, the most recklessly dangerous presidential aspirant in US history, her elevation to the nation's highest office risking nuclear war. 
Calling the Republican party 'sick' ignores America's deplorable political process too debauched to fix – money controlled fantasy democracy, voters having no say over who governs. 
'If Mr. Trump is rejected on Tuesday, the nation will have a momentary breather,' Times editors blustered, adding '(a)nd some good news to build on…(a)nd the electorate will have demonstrated its decency.' 
It's hard imagining anyone swallowing this rubbish. Whoever emerges triumphant on November 8, ordinary people lose – with an important difference between Trump and Hillary. 
Her empowerment as commander-in-chief of America's military risks unthinkable nuclear war. At least with Trump, we're likely to avoid a potential catastrophe able to end life on earth – what Times editors won't ever explain, shamelessly supporting a war goddess lunatic endangering everyone. 
Stephen Lendman lives in Chicago. He can be reached at lendmanstephen@sbcglobal.net. Dr. Paul Craig Roberts was Assistant Secretary of the Treasury for Economic Policy and associate editor of the Wall Street Journal. He was columnist for Business Week, Scripps Howard News Service, and Creators Syndicate. He has had many university appointments. His internet columns have attracted a worldwide following. Roberts' latest books are The Failure of Laissez Faire Capitalism and Economic Dissolution of the West , How America Was Lost , and The Neoconservative Threat to World Order . Newsletter Notifications Signup Form

ARTICLE

How Voting Machines Are Programmed In Order To Steal Elections (11/1/2016) Dear friends and readers, 
PCR's new book, THE NEOCONSERVATIVE THREAT TO WORLD ORDER, is now available: In Print and Digital Format by Clarity Press Quarterly Call to Donations 
To remind, this is our quarterly request for donations. If you want the information and analysis that this site provides to continue, you must support the site. As the alternative is the presstitutes or Ministry of Propaganda, it is a good decision to support this site . Quarterly Call to Donations Dear friends, It is time for my quarterly request for donations. As we agreed, my columns and this site will continue as long as your support is forthcoming. If you wish to fully escape The Matrix and see reality as it really is, you are brave and I am honored to have you as readers and supporters. If reality is too much for you, then I should cease putting myself at risk. PCR http://www.paulcraigroberts.org/inbound/we87dn9 Thank you for your donations 
Many thanks to those who donated. I appreciate the commitment that readers have to this website. I match your commitment with my own. PCR Latest Book PCR's new book, HOW AMERICA WAS LOST, is now available: In Print by Clarity Press and In Ebook Format by Atwell Publishing US Public Lacks Confidence in Elections 
Eric Zuesse Notes That the Democratic Party, once the Party of the People, is now the Party of the Rich, and that the US Public Lacks Confidence in Elections 
Poverty Rose in 96% of U.S. House Districts, During Obama's Presidency 
On November 3rd, Morning Consult's Jon Reid bannered, 'Poverty on the Rise in Nearly All House Districts' and he reported that, 'A Brookings Institution study, released less than a week before the election, shows that the number of people living in poverty has increased in 96 percent of congressional districts between 2000 and 2010-2014.' 
That finding fits along with others, such as that the economic 'recovery' after Barack Obama came into the White House in 2009, went virtually entirely to the very rich. 
According to the top experts on wealth-inequality in the United States, Emmanuel Saez and Gabriel Zucman, American wealth-inequality soared faster during 2003-2013 than ever since the period 1923-1928, right before the Great Crash of 1929. Their study 'Wealth Inequality in the United States Since 1913', published in the May 2016 Quarterly Journal of Economics, reported that ever since the remilitarization of the U.S. from the 2003 invasion of Iraq onward (and continuing under Obama, with boosts to NATO, and invasions such as of Libya in 2011), the percentage of total wealth owned by the richest .1% of American families (those families whose net worth was $111 million or higher) rose from 15% of the total in 2003, to 22% of the total in 2013, and this means that the percentage going to the lower 99.9% declined from 85% down to 78% during that time. 
America's soaring inequality during the George W. Bush Presidency continued unaffected by the 2009 change of Presidential Administrations. 
In fact: whereas Bush's stock-market plunge in 2006-2008 hit the richest the hardest, Obama's coming into office restored their lost wealth rapidly, while the wealth of the bottom 90% of the U.S. population flatlined throughout his Presidency. The Obama economic recovery was no recovery at all for the bottom 90% of Americans. 
Not just wealth but personal income also soared for the super-rich under Obama. The 'Share of income earned by top 0.1% wealth holders' soared throughout Obama's Presidency, at least up through 2012, which is the latest figure shown there for that. So: at least the bottom 90% of U.S. families have experienced none of the Obama economic recovery; what 'recovery' from the 'recession' there is, went only to the very rich. 
Findings such as those are consistent with, and might help to explain, the finding in the new Brookings study, that 96% of House districts have experienced increased poverty under Obama. The nation's poor have gotten political rhetoric, but not much else, and the middle class also have received no net benefit, under Obama. 

U.S. Near Bottom in Public 'Confidence in Elections' Only Mexico Scores Lower Among OECD Countries 
Here are the figures, as emailed by Gallup on November 2nd, and soon to be published as part of the 'Gallup World Poll 2016': 
Confidence in Elections Among OECD Countries 
Finland 89%

ARTICLE

Contact Dear friends and readers, 
PCR's new book, THE NEOCONSERVATIVE THREAT TO WORLD ORDER, is now available: In Print and Digital Format by Clarity Press Quarterly Call to Donations 
To remind, this is our quarterly request for donations. If you want the information and analysis that this site provides to continue, you must support the site. As the alternative is the presstitutes or Ministry of Propaganda, it is a good decision to support this site . Quarterly Call to Donations Dear friends, It is time for my quarterly request for donations. As we agreed, my columns and this site will continue as long as your support is forthcoming. If you wish to fully escape The Matrix and see reality as it really is, you are brave and I am honored to have you as readers and supporters. If reality is too much for you, then I should cease putting myself at risk. PCR http://www.paulcraigroberts.org/inbound/we87dn9 Thank you for your donations 
Many thanks to those who donated. I appreciate the commitment that readers have to this website. I match your commitment with my own. PCR Latest Book PCR's new book, HOW AMERICA WAS LOST, is now available: In Print by Clarity Press and In Ebook Format by Atwell Publishing Welcome to PaulCraigRoberts.org Latest Announcements 

ARTICLE

There are 691,200 seconds in 8 days. FBI Director Comey reviewed 650,000 emails in 8 days? An email per second? Americans aren't stupid! – tweet from Bernard Kerik, ex-NYPD Commissioner
The post FBI had no time to review 650,000 emails appeared first on PaulCraigRoberts.org .

ARTICLE

The Working Class Won The Election
Paul Craig Roberts
The US presidential election is historic, because the American people were able to defeat the oligarchs. Hillary Clinton, an agent for the Oligarchy, was defeated despite the vicious media campaign against Donald Trump. This shows that the media and the political establishments of the political parties no longer have credibility with the American people.
It remains to be seen whether Trump can select and appoint a government that will serve him and his goals to restore American jobs and to establish friendly and respectful relations with Russia, China, Syria, and Iran.
It also remains to be seen how the Oligarchy will respond to Trump's victory. Wall Street and the Federal Reserve can cause an economic crisis in order to put Trump on the defensive, and they can use the crisis to force Trump to appoint one of their own as Secretary of the Treasury. Rogue agents in the CIA and Pentagon can cause a false flag attack that would disrupt friendly relations with Russia. Trump could make a mistake and retain neoconservatives in his government.
With Trump there is at least hope. Unless Trump is obstructed by bad judgment in his appointments and by obstacles put in his way, we should expect an end to Washington's orchestrated conflict with Russia, the removal of the US missiles on Russia's border with Poland and Romania, the end of the conflict in Ukraine, and the end of Washington's effort to overthrow the Syrian government. However, achievements such as these imply the defeat of the US Oligarchy. Although Trump defeated Hillary, the Oligarchy still exists and is still powerful.
Trump said that he no longer sees the point of NATO 25 years after the Soviet collapse. If he sticks to his view, it means a big political change in Washington's EU vassals. The hostility toward Russia of the current EU and NATO officials would have to cease. German Chancellor Merkel would have to change her spots or be replaced. NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg would have to be dismissed. 
We do not know who Trump will select to serve in his government. It is likely that Trump is unfamiliar with the various possibilities and their positions on issues. It really depends on who is advising Trump and what advice they give him. Once we see his government, we will know whether we can be hopeful for the changes that now have a chance. 
If the oligarchy is unable to control Trump and he is actually successful in curbing the power and budget of the military/security complex and in holding the financial sector politically accountable, Trump could be assassinated. 
Trump said that he will put Hillary in prison. He should first put her on trial for treason and war crimes along with all of the neoconservatives. That would clear the decks for peace with the other two major nuclear powers over whom the neoconservatives seek hegemony. Although the neoconservatives would still have contacts in the hidden deep state, it would make it difficult for the vermin to organize false flag operations or an assassination. Rogue elements in the military/security complex could still bring off an assassination, but without neocons in the government a coverup would be more difficult.
Trump has more understanding and insight than his opponents realize. For a man such as Trump to risk acquiring so many powerful enemies and to risk his wealth and reputation, he had to have known that the people's dissatisfaction with the ruling establishment meant he could be elected president. 
We won't know what to expect until we see who are the Secretaries and Assistant Secretaries. If it is the usual crowd, we will know Trump has been captured.
A happy lasting result of the election is the complete discrediting of the US media. The media predicted an easy Hillary victory and even Democratic Party control of the US Senate. Even more important to the media's loss of influence and credibility, despite the vicious media attack on Trump throughout the presidential primaries and presidential campaign, the media had no effect outside the Northeast and West coasts, the stomping grounds of the One Percent. The rest of the country ignored the media.
I did not think the Oligarchy would allow Trump to win. However, it seems that the oligarchs were deceived by their own media propaganda. Assured that Hillary was the sure winner, they were unprepared to put into effect plans to steal the election. 
Hillary is down, but not the Oligarchs. If Trump is advised to be conciliatory, to hold out his hand, and to take the establishment into his government, the American people will again be disappointed. In a country whose institutions have been so completely corrupted by the Oligarchy, it is difficult to achieve real change without bloodshed.
The post The Working Class Won The Election — Paul Craig Roberts appeared first on PaulCraigRoberts.org .

ARTICLE

Progressives Find 'White Trash' More Threatening Tnan Nuclear War
Paul Craig Roberts
The American electorate's preference for Donald Trump and Bernie Sanders has established two facts. One is that the majority of the American people do not believe the media presstitutes. The other is that only the 'progressives' and 'liberals' who inhabit the Atlantic Northeast and Pacific West coasts believe the presstitutes.
Trump's election to the presidency has confirmed these holier-than-thou souls in their strongly held belief that America is a white trash racist country. They have told us this all day long today.
From these people and from the presstitutes we hear that white supremacy elected Trump. This is their propaganda, the intention of which is to discredit a Trump administration before it is inaugerated. Funny how white supremacy elected black Obama twice previously.
Truthout has lost it completely. John Knefel declares 'The David Dukes of the World Prevail.'
Kelly Hayes declares 'White Supremacy Elected Donald Trump.'
William Rivers Pitt declares 'We have elected a fascist that Mussolini would have recognized on sight.'
Hillary carried only a handful of states, the states that comprise the One Percent's stomping grounds. Yet Amy Goodman of Democracy Now sees meaning in political writer John Nichols claim that as Hillary carried New York and California, she won the popular vote and should be in the White House. I remember a few days ago George Soros saying that Trump would win the popular vote, but that the electoral vote would go to Hillary, thus ridding the oligarchs of Trump.
Earth Justice promises to hold Trump accountable. Trump who promises to end the threat of nuclear war with Russia and China, thereby doing more to save animal and human life than the entirety of the Democratic Party and environmental organizations, is going to be held accountable by an organization that allegedly is beyond politics and is dedicated to preserving animals from destruction.
The ACLU, of which I am a member, has also put 'on notice' the president-elect who has said he will save us from nuclear war. Faced with this idiocy from the ACLU, I will not renew my membership.
Feminists tell us that we are 'grieving, scared, and in shock,' and that 'it is critical that we stand together and support each other.'
Jeremy Ben-Ami of the J Street Jewish Community tells us that it is 'an incredibly sad and difficult day. For tens of millions of Americans who share a core belief in tolerance, decency and social justice, the election results are a severe shock. In this challenging moment, we turn to one another for comfort and community. During this election, J Street made unequivocally clear our conviction that Donald Trump is not fit to be president of the United States.'
Van Jones, a CNN commentator, said that Trump's election is a nightmare, 'a deeply painful moment,' a 'whitelash' against minorities. While he bemoaned the pain inflicted upon poor little presstitute Van Jones, he didn't mind insulting the American electorate and the President-elect of the United States. After all, Van Jones sees that as his racist prerogative.
And so, the holier-than-thou crowd prefers Hillary, despite her unambigious position that she would maximize conflict with Russia and China, provoke direct military conflict between the US and Russia by imposing a no-fly zone in Syria, attack Iran and other of Israel's targets, further enrich her Wall Street handlers by privatizing Social Security, and prevent any dissent from the lowly people class of her high-handed ways. If William Rivers Pitt sees Trump as a Mussolini fascist, Trump is too mild for Pitt. He prefers Hillary, a Hitler to the third power.
The progressives have totally discredited themselves just as the presstitutes have done. Their need for a bogyman to nourish their hysteria indicates serious psychological disturbance. They actually prefer the risk of Armageddon to peace among nuclear powers. As their 501(c)3s live off corporate contributions, they prefer globalist corporate profits to jobs for ordinary Americans.
These are the people who think of themselves as our instructors and our betters. 
If only Trump could exile the lot of them. They are anti-American to the core.
The post Progressives Find 'White Trash' More Threatening Than Nuclear War — Paul Craig Roberts appeared first on PaulCraigRoberts.org .

ARTICLE

The Anti-Trump Protesters Are Tools of the Oligarchy
'Reform always provokes rage on the part of those who profit by the old order.' Arthur M. Schlesinger, Jr., The Crisis of the Old Order 
Paul Craig Roberts
Who are the anti-Trump protesters besmirching the name of progressives by pretending to be progresives and by refusing to accept the outcome of the presidential election? They look like, and are acting worse than, the 'white trash' that they are denouncing.
I think I know who they are. They are thugs for hire and are paid by the Oligarchy to delegitimize Trump's presidency in the way that Washington and the German Marshall Fund paid students in Kiev to protest the democratically elected Ukrainian government in order to prepare the way for a coup. 
The organization, change.org, which claims to be a progressive group, but might be a front, along with other progressive groups, for the Oligarchy, is destroying the reputation of all progressives by circulating a petition that directs the electors of the Electoral Collage to annul the election by casting their votes for Hillary. Remember how upset progressives were when Trump said he might not accept the election result if there was evidence that the vote was rigged? Now progressives are doing what they damned Trump for saying he might do under certain conditions. 
The Western presstitutes used the protests in Kiev to delegitimize a democratically elected government and to set it up for a coup. The protest pay was good enough that non-Ukrainians came from nearby countries to participate in the protest in order to collect the money. At the time I posted the amounts paid daily to protesters. Reports came in to me from Eastern and Western Europe from people who were not Ukrainian but were paid to protest as if they were Ukrainians. 
The same thing is going on with the Trump protests. CNN reports that 'for many Americans across the country, Donald Trump's victory is an outcome they simply refuse to accept. Tens of thousands filled the streets in at least 25 US cities overnight.' This is the exact reporting that the Oligarchy desired from its presstitutes and got.
I hope no one thinks that simultaneous protests in 25 cities were a spontaneous event. How did 25 independent protests manage to come up with the same slogans and the same signs on the same night following the election?
What is the point of the protests, and what interest is served by them? As the Romans always asked, 'who benefits?'
There is only one answer: The Oligarchy and only the Oligarchy benefits.
Trump is a threat to the Oligarchy, because he intends to stop the giveaway of American jobs to foreigners. The jobs giveaway, sanctified by the neoliberal junk economists as 'free trade,' is one of the main reasons for the 21st century worsening of the US income distribution. Money that was formerly paid in middle class wages and salaries to American manufacturing employees and college graduates has been re-routed to the pockets of the One Percent. 
When US corporations move their production of goods and services sold to Americans offshore to Asian countries, such as China and India, their wage bill falls. The money formerly paid in middle class incomes goes instead into executive bonuses and dividends and capital gains to shareholders. The ladders of upward mobility that had made America the land of opportunity were dismantled for the sole purpose of making a handful of people multi-billionaires. 
Trump is a threat to the Oligarchy, because he intends peaceful relations with Russia. In order to replace the profitable Soviet Threat, the Oligarchy and their neoconservative agents worked overtime to recreate the 'Russian Threat' by demonizing Russia. 
Accustomed to many decades of excess profits from the profitable Cold War, the military/security complex was angry when President Reagan brought the Cold War to an end. Before these leaches on American taxpayers could get the Cold War going again, the Soviet Union collapsed as a result of a right-wing coup against Soviet President Mikhail Gorbachev. 
The military/security complex and their zionist neoconservative agents cooked up 'the war on terror' to keep the money flowing to the One Percent. But as hard as the presstitute media worked to create fear of 'the Muslim threat,' even insouciant Americans knew that the Muslims did not have thousands of ICBMs carrying powerful thermo-nuclear weapons capable of destroying the entirety of the United States in a few minutes. Neither did the Muslims have the Red Army capable of overrunning all of Europe in a couple of days. Indeed, the Muslims haven't needed an army. Refugees from Washington's wars enabled by Europeans are overrunning Europe.
The excuse for the annual trillion dollar ($1,000 billion ) military/security budget was missing. So the Oligarchy created 'the New Hitler' in Russia. Hillary was the Oligarchy's principle agent for heating up the new Coldl War.
Hillary is the tool, enriched by the Oligarchy, whose job as President was to protect and to increase the trillion dollar budget of the military/security complex. With Hillary in the White House, the looting of the American taxpayers in behalf of the wealth of the One Percent could go forward unimpeaded. But if Trump resolves 'the Russian threat,' the Oligarchy takes an income hit.
Hillary's job as President was also to privatize Social Security in order that her Wall Street benefactors can rip off Americans the way that Americans have been ripped off by the insurance companies under Obamacare.
Those Americans who do not pay attention think, mistakenly, that the FBI cleared Hillary of violating National Security protocals with her email practices. The FBI said that Hillary did violate National Security, but that it was a result of carelessness or ignorance. She got off from indictment, because the FBI concluded that she did not intentionally violate National Security protocals. The investigation of the Clinton Foundation continues.
In other words, in order to protect Hillary the FBI fell back on the ancient common law rule that 'there can be no crime without intent.' (See PCR and Lawrence Stratton, The Tyranny of Good Intentions .) 
One would think that protesters, if they were legitimate, would be celebrating Trump's victory. He, unlike Hillary, promises to reduce tensions with powerful Russia, and we hope also with China. Unlike Hillary, Trump says he is concerned with the absence of careers for those very people protesting in the streets of 25 cities against him. 
In other words, the protests against the American people for electing Trump as their president are pointless. The protests are happening for one reason only. The Oligarchy intends to delegitimize the Trump Presidency. Once President Trump is delegitimized, it will be easier for the Oligarchy to assassinate him. Unless the Oligarchy can appoint and control Trump's government, Trump is a prime candidate for assassination. 
The protests against Trump are suspicious for another reason. Unlike Hillary, Obama, and George W. Bush, Donald Trump has not slaughtered and dislocated millions of peoples in seven countries, sending millions of refugees from the Oligarchy's wars to overrun Europe.
Trump earned his fortune, and if by hook or crook, not by selling US government influence to foreign agents as Bill and Hillary did. 
So what are the protesters protesting? 
There is no answer except that they are hired to protest. Just as the Maidan protesters in Kiev were hired to protest by US and German financed NGOs.
The protests in Kiev were equally pointless, because presidential elections were only months away. If Ukranians really believed that their president was conspiring with Russia to keep Ukraine from becomming a Western puppet state and wished to become a puppet state regardless of the costs, the opportunity to vote the government out was at hand. The only reason for the protests was to orchestrate a coup. The US did succeed in putting their agent in control of the new Ukrainian government as Victoria Nuland and the US ambassador in Kiev confirmed in their telephone conversation that is available on the Inernet. 
The Maidan protests were pointless except for making a coup possible. The protests were without any doubt arranged by Washington through Assistant Secretary of State Victoria Nuland, a neoconservative brought into the State Department by Hillary Clinton for the purpose of creating conflict with Russia.
Trump is being protested in order to make him vulnerable in the event he proves to be the threat to the Oligarchy that he is thought to be.
Trump won the presidency, but the Oligarchy is still in power, which makes any real reforms difficult to achieve. Symbolic reforms can be the product of the contest between President Trump and the oligarchs.
Karl Marx learned from historical experience, and Lenin, Stalin, and Pol Pott learned from Karl Marx, that change cannot occur if the displaced ruling class is left intact after a revolution against them. We have proof of this thoughout South America. Every revolution by the indigenious people has left unmolested the Spanish ruling class, and every revolution has been overthrown by collusion between the ruling class and Washington.
Washington has conspired with traditional elites to remove the elected presidents of Honduras on a number of occasions. Recently, Washington helped elites evict the female presidents of Argentina and Brazil. The presidents of Venezuela, Ecuador, and Bolivia are in the crosshairs and are unlikely to survive. Washington is determined to get its hands on Julian Assange. To achieve this Washington intends to overthrow the Ecuadoran governmenrt that, in defiance of Washington, gave Julian Assange political asylum.
Hugo Chavez had the power to exile or to exterminate the Spanish ruling class in Venezuela when the ruling class participated in a CIA coup against Chavez. But before the CIA could kill Chavez, the people and the military forced his release. Instead of punishing the criminals who would have murdered him, Chavez let them go.
According to Marx, Lenin, and Stalin, this is the classic mistake of the revolutionary. To rely on good will from the overthrown ruling class is the certain road to the defeat of the revolution.
Latin American has proved itself unable to learn this lesson: Revolutions cannot be concillatory. 
Trump is a dealmaker. The Oligarchy can permit him the sheen of success in exchange for no real change.
Trump is not perfect. He might fail on his own. But we should back him on the two most important elements in his program: to reduce tensions between the major nuclear powers, and to halt Washington's policy of permitting globalism to destroy Americans' economic prospects. 
If tensions between nuclear powers worsen, we won't be here to worry about other problems. The combination of the economy hollowed out by globalism and immigration is an economic nightmare. That Trump understands this is reason to support him.
Note: Some believe that Trump is a ruse conducted by the Oligarchy. However, as Hillary is the bought-and-paid-for representative of the Oligarchy, such an elaborate ruse is unnecessary. It is preferable for the Oligarchy to win on its own platform than to install a president on the opposite platform and then change him around. Another sellout increases the anger of the people. If Hillary had won, the Oligarchy would have had the voters' mandate for their platform.
The post The Anti-Trump Protesters Are Tools of the Oligarchy — Paul Craig Roberts appeared first on PaulCraigRoberts.org .

ARTICLE

Soros Launches The 'Purple Revolution' Against America
http://www.strategic-culture.org/news/2016/11/11/clintons-and-soros-launch-america-purple-revolution.html 
The post Soros Launches The 'Purple Revolution' Against America appeared first on PaulCraigRoberts.org .

ARTICLE

Black Female Attorney Demolishes anti-Trump White TV Anchors
http://blakpac.com/blog/2016/10/7/black-female-trump-supporter-leaves-news-anchors-speechless 
The post Black Female Attorney Demolishes anti-Trump White TV Anchors appeared first on PaulCraigRoberts.org .

ARTICLE

Obama's New Residence
Where does the money come from?
https://www.rt.com/news/366528-obama-future-residence-photos/ 
The post Obama's New Residence appeared first on PaulCraigRoberts.org .

ARTICLE

Trump Is The First President To Truthfully Describe Our Situation
http://russia-insider.com/en/politics/incredible-last-minute-trump-ad-exposed-corrupt-elite/ri17542 
The post Trump Is The First President To Truthfully Describe Our Situation appeared first on PaulCraigRoberts.org .

ARTICLE

Has George Soros Committed Treason?
'His only legitimacy is his wallet.'
https://www.rt.com/usa/366579-soros-orgs-driving-trump-protests/ 
The press prostitutes continue to lie to us. They pretend that the anti-Trump protests are real spontaneous events although the prostitutes know that the 'protests' are orchestrated by George Soros and front groups for the Oligarchy such as change.org and other fake progressive groups funded by the oligarchs.
Soros, change.org and various progressive and leftwing fronts for the oligarchs pretend to be for democracy, but they are acting in behalf of Oligarchy. We are witnessing a direct attack on American democracy. These protesters are the hired mercenary enemy of the American people.
Below is an email I received from a friend in Massachusetts. They preach peace and love while they commit violence: 
Below is one of the emails I rec'd regarding immediate organizing to get rid of Trump. JWJ is Jobs for Justice serving Massachusetts with the main group in Boston and the subsidiary in western MA. You appear to be correct, because I rec'd the notice below the day following the election and election results were not even in until 3:00 a.m. Moveon.org was/is behind this one. Moveon.org is link under 3rd local event.
Dear JWJ and allies,
If you were like me, today was a hard day to get up. Donald Trump is
the president-elect, and last night Republicans took the House, the
Senate, and thus the Supreme Court. This is a terrible situation for
humanity, let alone the workers' movement and our ability to expand
organizing and collective bargaining rights. And yet, there is no time
to really brood about it. We are called to take immediate action.
Today, we are joining with others throughout the movement to demonstrate
our non-consent with the election results, in particular the election of
Donald Trump. This evening, thousands will gather in cities across the
nation to affirm to ourselves and one another that we will not give up
the fight-the fight for a nation with liberty and justice for all. We
will stand with one another, across race, religion, gender, age,
ability, national origin, sexual orientation, and all of our identities.
We will join hands, pledge our solidarity, and resolve to forge ahead
even in this moment of peril and challenge. See local events below. 
Check out moveon.org/standtogether.
In these most difficult of political moments, we have to come together
and stand stronger. Never has the 'I 'll
Be There' pledge been more necessary than today. 
In struggle,
Erica Smiley
LOCAL EVENTS
THIS EVENING:
Love and Unity Gathering
https://www.facebook.com/events/553790148146217/ 
5 PM, Holyoke City Hall
Amherst Vigil for Love 
5 PM, Amherst Common
Peaceful gathering of solidarity, resistance, and resolve
https://act.moveon.org/event/Solidarity_gatherings/5139/signup/?akid=&zip= 
5:30 PM, Edwards Church, Northampton
TUESDAY NOVEMBER 15:
Where Do We Go From Here? A Post-Election Analysis
' target='_blank'>http://afscwm.org/blog/2016/11/02/go-post-election-analysis> 
6:00 PM, Northampton Friends Meeting, 43 Center Street, Northampton
And check out President Donald Trump and The Great Repudiation
http://www.commondreams.org/views/2016/11/09/president-donald-trump-and-great-repudiation 
and The Best Democracy Money Can Buy 
http://thebestdemocracymoneycanbuy.com/stream/ 
The post Has George Soros Committed Treason? appeared first on PaulCraigRoberts.org .

ARTICLE

This Wasn't A Vote, It Was An Uprising 
Dear Readers: The article below has come to me. I am unable to ascertain if it is a published statement or one of those items sent around the Internet. Nevertheless, I do believe that it captures the attitude of those Americans who in the vast majority of the states gave their vote to Donald Trump.
The optimism expessed in the article might be unrealistic. In order to prevail over the Oligarchy, President Trump will need a government as strong as he appears to be. He cannot find the strength he needs for his government among the usual Washington, Wall Street, and corporate sources. If he selects from these people, he will be impotent.
The question is: who is his transition team? Are they focused on making nice with the Oligachs? If so, there will be no change. 
The Democratic Party failed America for the eight years of the Clinton Regime, which committed war crimes and overthrew a sovereign government on the basis of lies. The George W. Bush Regime originated the Middle East wars entirely on the basis of lies. These wars have resulted in the deaths, maiming, and dislocation of millions of peoples who have sought refuge from America's aggression in Europe. The corrupt Obama Regime has continued and expanded Bush's illegal wars and stupidly brought the US into conflict with Russia and China, either one of which can destroy the United States of America.
Now we have the psychopath George Soros funding hired protesters, who are bussed from protest to protest, in an effort to delegitimize the Trump presidency. This is an act of treason, but oligarchs such as Soros are above the law. They are never held accounable. Trump should arrest Soros and put him on trial.
Trump says that he wants to bring the oligarchs under the law. If he fails, America fails with him.
This wasn't an election. It was a revolution. 
By Daniel Greenfield, a Shillman Journalism Fellow at the Freedom Center
It was midnight in America. The day of the election millions Americans got up and stood in front of the Machine, the great iron wheel that had been grinding them down. They stood there even though the media told them it was useless. They took their stand even while all the chattering classes laughed and taunted them as white trash racists.
They were fathers who couldn't feed their families anymore. They were mothers who couldn't afford health care. They were workers whose jobs had been given to foreigners in foreign countries so that the incomes of oligarchs could rise. They were sons who didn't see a future for themselves. They were daughters afraid of being raped by the undocumented illegals flooding into their towns. They took a deep breath and they stood.
They held up their hands and the great iron wheel stopped.
Blue America crumbled. The Blue States fell one by one. Ohio. Wisconsin. Pennsylvania. Iowa. The white working class that had been overlooked and trampled on for so long got to its feet. It rose up against its oppressors. The rest of the nation, between the West coast and the North East coast–the fly-over zone– rose up with it.
They fought back against their jobs being shipped overseas while their towns filled with migrants that got everything while they got nothing. They fought back against a system in which they could go to jail for a trifle while the elites could violate the law and still stroll through a presidential election.
They fought back against being told that they had to watch what they say. 
They fought back against being held in contempt because they wanted to work for a living, take care of their families, and protect the sanctity of marriage.
And they won.
This wasn't a vote. It was an uprising. 
Like the ordinary men chipping away at the Berlin Wall, they tore down an unnatural thing that had towered over them. And as they watched it fall, they marveled at how weak and fragile it had always been. And how much stronger they were than they had ever known.
Who were these people? They were the neglected in the fly-over country that is the heart of America. They didn't have univeristy degrees, and they had never set foot in a Starbucks to pay $5 for a cup of coffee. They were the white working class. They didn't talk right or think right. They had the wrong ideas, the wrong clothes and the ridiculous idea that they still mattered.
They were told they were wrong about everything. Illegal immigration. Black Lives Matter, but not jobs for the oppressed middle class. Manufacturing is unnecessary for an economy in which financial profits are all important. Transgendered bathrooms. Same gender marriages. Americans were supposed to bow down and surrender to a handful of perverts.
Told that the future belongs to the metrosexual dot com transgendered globalist, and not to the guy who once had a good job before the globalist corporations with Washington's blessings sent it to China or Mexico, real Americans revolted. 
White trash American couldn't change anything, declared the pundits. But instead of adapting to the inevitable future of America's demise, they got in their pickup trucks and drove out to vote.
And they changed everything. 
Barack Hussein Obama boasted that he had changed America. And he did for the worse. A billion regulations, millions of immigrants, a hundred thousand lies and it was no longer our America. 
White Trash America voted and sent Obama to Hell. They walked through him and through the Democratic Party like the wet paper bag that they are. Voters abandoned the party that had sold out the American people. More black Americans voted for Trump than voted for Romney. 
The election repudiated the Obamas, the Clintons, the celebrities, and the media. Americans turned the One Percent's world upside down.
CNN is weeping. MSNBC is wailing. ABC calls it a tantrum. NBC damns it. It wasn't supposed to happen. The same machine that crushed the American people for six straight terms, the mass of neoconned government, globalist corporations and oligarch-financed non-profits that ran the country, was set to win. Or so they thought.
Instead the people stood in front of the Machine. They blocked it with their votes even though the media told them Hillary was the certain winner. They mailed in their absentee ballots even while Hillary Clinton was planning her fireworks victory celebration. They looked at the empty factories and barren farms. They drove through the early cold. They waited in line. They came home to their children to tell them that they had done their best for their future. They bet on America. And they won.
They sre tired of the absence of affordable health care and recognize the fraud of Obamacare. They are tired of unemployment and of being lied to. They are tired of watching their sons come back in coffins so that the military/security complex could continue to loot America with their wars. They are tired of being called names and watching the theft of their country. 
They understood that Trump was right. The election was their last hope, their last chance to save themselves and their country. And they did.
This election was not about who gets to use the female toilet. It wasn't about whether it is racist to enforce the immigration laws. It wasn't about how men, however uncouthly, express their sexual interest in women.
It was about suffering Americans, whose names no one except a server and the NSA will ever know, fighting back against their oppression. It was about the homeless woman guarding Trump's star. It was about the betrayed Democrats searching for someone to represent them in Ohio and Pennsylvania. It was about the union men who refused to sell out their futures and vote for a Democrat who is an agent of the One Percent.
The media will never interview those men and women. We will never see their faces. But they are us and we are them. They came to the aid of a nation in peril. They did what real Americans have always done. They did the impossible.



The post This Wasn't A Vote, It Was An Uprising appeared first on PaulCraigRoberts.org .

ARTICLE

Evidence Building Against Soros
George Soros Funded Trump Protests:
http://sjlendman.blogspot.com 
This one might be wishful thinking:
http://usdefensewatch.com/2016/11/putin-issues-international-arrest-warrant-for-george-soros-dead-or-alive/ 
A reader writes that Soros
'is involved in destabilizing and overthrowing democratically elected governmenbts all over the world. He is not just a political and social threat to Russia and Ukraine, but evidently now to the USA and Western Europe, where he has been behind the mass influx of immigrants to destabilise those countries as well. 
'It is clear that Trump and Putin have a lot of threats in common to deal with. The shadow government is currently rattled, but will strike back soon. After the recent violent events, Trump should join the Russian government and also call for the immediate arrest of Soros for his treasonous activities and confiscate all his assets in the West, appoint special prosecutors to deal with the neocon war criminals and break up the bought and paid for press and media monopolies that are the corrupt and mendacious whores of the oligarchy. Furthermore, he should also shut down the oligarchs' Fed and create a national bank to issue debt- and interest-free US money to fund infrastructure and the rebuilding of the US economy. That would critically weaken the opposition and strengthen his position in dealing with the shadow government. 
'These forces will be eternal enemies not just of him, but of the Western people. They represent a cancer that is killing the host. Not reconciliation, but deep and thorough cleaning is required to rout out this den of vipers.'
The audacity of George Soros is extraordinary. How does he get away with it?
The post Evidence Building Against Soros appeared first on PaulCraigRoberts.org .

ARTICLE

This Collage of Corrupt Presstitutes Making Fools of Themselves Is a Keeper
http://www.zerohedge.com/news/2016-11-12/martin-armstrong-exposes-real-clinton-conspiracy-which-backfired-dramatically 
The financial media can equally wallow in its incompetence and dishonesty. Instead of collapsing as predicted, the stock market rose 800 points on Trump's victory.
The post This Collage of Corrut Presstitutes Making Fools of Themselves Is a Keeper appeared first on PaulCraigRoberts.org .

ARTICLE

NYT Criticized for Its Dishonesty by Its Own Public Editor
http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2016/11/12/new-york-times-publisher-vows-to-rededicate-itself-to-reporting-honestly.html 
The post NYT Criticized for Its Dishonesty by Its Own Public Editor appeared first on PaulCraigRoberts.org .

ARTICLE

  Thanks to WikiLeaks, we now have direct email evidence of the collusion between the MSM and Hillary Clinton.

ARTICLE

Now it is USA Today Lying to us that the Anti-Trump Protests are Spontaneous
http://www.zerohedge.com/news/2016-11-13/anti-trump-protests-proof-professional-activist-involvement 
The post Now it is USA Today Lying to us that the Anti-Trump Protests are Spontaneou appeared first on PaulCraigRoberts.org .

ARTICLE

Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton walk in to a bar.
Donald leans over, and with a smile on his face, says,
'The media is really tearing you apart for that Scandal.'
Hillary: 'You mean my lying about Benghazi?'
Trump: 'No, the other one.'
Hillary: 'You mean the massive voter fraud?'
Trump: 'No, the other one.'
Hillary: 'You mean the military not getting their votes counted?'
Trump: 'No, the other one.'
Hillary: 'Using my secret private server with classified material to hide my Activities?'
Trump: 'No, the other one.'
Hillary: 'The NSA monitoring our phone calls, emails and everything else?'
Trump: 'No, the other one.'
Hillary: 'Using the Clinton Foundation as a cover for tax evasion, hiring cronies, and taking bribes from foreign countries?'
Trump: 'No, the other one.'
Hillary: 'You mean the drones being operated in our own country without the benefit of the law?'
Trump: 'No, the other one.'
Hillary: 'Giving 123 Technologies $300 Million, and right afterward it declared bankruptcy and was sold to the Chinese?'
Trump: 'No, the other one.'
Hillary: 'You mean arming the Muslim Brotherhood and hiring them in the White House?'
Trump: 'No, the other one.'
Hillary: 'Whitewater, Watergate committee, Vince Foster, commodity Deals?'
Trump: 'No the other one:'
Hillary: 'Turning Libya into chaos?'
Trump: 'No the other one:'
Hillary: 'Being the mastermind of the so-called Arab Spring that only brought chaos, death and destruction to the Middle East and North Africa?'
Trump: 'No the other one:'
Hillary: 'Leaving four Americans to die in Benghazi?'
Trump: 'No the other one:'
Hillary: 'Trashing Mubarak, one of our few Muslim friends?'
Trump: 'No the other one:'
Hillary: 'The funding and arming of terrorists in Syria, the destruction and destabilization of that nation, giving the order to our lapdogs in Turkey and Saudi Arabia to give sarin gas to the 'moderate' terrorists in Syria that they eventually used on civilians, and framed Assad, and had it not been for the Russians and Putin, we would have used that as a pretext to invade Syria, put a puppet in power, steal their natural resources, and leave that country in total chaos, just like we did with Libya?
Trump: 'No the other one:'
Hillary: 'The creation of the biggest refugees crisis since WWII?'
Trump: 'No the other one:'
Hillary: 'Leaving Iraq in chaos?'
Trump: 'No, the other one:'
Hillary: 'The DOJ spying on the press?'
Trump: 'No, the other one:'
Hillary: 'You mean HHS Secretary Sibelius shaking down health insurance Executives?'
Trump: 'No, the other one:'
Hillary: 'Giving our cronies in SOLYNDRA $500 MILLION DOLLARS and 3 months later they declared bankruptcy and then the Chinese bought it?'
Trump: 'No, the other one:'
Hillary: 'The NSA monitoring citizens?'
Trump: 'No, the other one:'
Hillary: 'The State Department interfering with an Inspector General Investigation on departmental sexual misconduct?'
Trump: 'No, the other one:'
Hillary: 'Me, The IRS, Clapper and Holder all lying to Congress?'
Trump: 'No, the other one:'
Hillary: 'Threats to all of Bill's former mistresses to keep them quiet?'
Trump: 'No, the other one:'
Hillary: 'You mean the INSIDER TRADING of the Tyson chicken deal I did where I invested $1,000 and the next year I got $100,000?'
Trump: 'No, the other one:'
Hillary: 'You mean when Bill met with Attorney General, Loretta Lynch, just before my hearing with the FBI to cut a deal?'
Trump: 'No, the other one:'
Hillary: 'You mean the one where my IT guy at Platte River Networks asked Reddit for help to alter emails?'
Trump: 'No, the other one.'
Hillary: 'You mean where the former Haitian Senate President accused me and my foundation of asking him for bribes?'
Trump: 'No, the other one:'
Hillary: 'You mean that old video of me laughing as I explain how I got the charges against that child rapist dropped by blaming the young girl for liking older men and fantasising about them. Even though I knew the guy was guilty?
Trump: 'No, the other one:'
Hillary: 'You mean that video of me coughing up a giant green lunger into my drinking glass then drinking it back down?'
Trump: 'No, the other one:'
Hillary: 'You mean that video of me passing out on the curb and losing my shoe?'
Trump: 'No, the other one:'
Hillary: 'You mean when I robbed Bernie Sanders of the Democratic Party Nomination by having the DNC rig the nomination process so that I would win?'
Trump: 'No, the other one:'
Hillary: 'You mean how so many people that oppose me have died in mysterious ways?'
Trump: 'No, the other one:'
Hillary: 'Travel Gate? When seven employees of the White House Travel Office were fired so that friends of Bill and mine could take over the travel business? And when I lied under oath during the investigation by the FBI, the Department of Justice, the White House itself, the General Accounting Office, the House Government Reform and Oversight Committee, and the Whitewater Independent Counsel?'
Trump: 'No, the other one:'
Hillary: 'The scandal where (while I was Secretary if State) the State Department signed off on a deal to sell 20% of the USA's uranium to a Canadian corporation that the Russians bought, netting a $145 million donation from Russia to the Clinton Foundation and a $500,000 speaking gig for Bill from the Russian Investment Bank that set up the corporate buyout? That scandal?'
Trump: 'No, the other one.'
Hillary: 'That time I lied when I said I was under sniper fire when I got off the plane in Bosnia?'
Trump: 'No, the other one:'
Hillary: 'That time when after I became the First Lady, I improperly requested a bunch of FBI files so I could look for blackmail material on government insiders?'
Trump: 'No, the other one:'
Hillary: 'That time when Bill nominated Zoe Baird as Attorney General, even though we knew she hired illegal immigrants and didn't pay payroll taxes on them?'
Trump: 'No, the other one:'
Hillary: 'When I got Nigeria exempted from foreign aid transparency guidelines despite evidence of corruption because they gave Bill $700,000 in speaking fees?'
Trump: 'No, the other one:'
Hillary: 'That time in 2009 when Honduran military forces allied with rightist lawmakers ousted democratically elected President Manuel Zelaya, and I as then-Secretary of State sided with the armed forces and fought global pressure to reinstate him?'
Trump: 'No, the other one:'
Hillary: 'I give up! … Oh wait, I think I've got it! When I stole the White House furniture and silverware when Bill left Office?'
Trump: 'THAT'S IT, THAT ONE'
Hillary: 'I thought I'd got away with that one dammit !!!'.


The post Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton walk in to a bar appeared first on PaulCraigRoberts.org .

ARTICLE

Trump: I'm Reopening 9/11 Investigation
If this account is true–unless Trump merely intends to blame the Saudis which would be a continuation of the cover-up in different clothes–the CIA, Mossad, and the neocon nazis will kill him before he is inaugerated. 
http://investmentwatchblog.com/trump-im-reopening-911-investigation/ 
The post Trump: I'm Reopening 9/11 Investigation appeared first on PaulCraigRoberts.org .

ARTICLE

Trump's Opponents See Normal Americans as Deplorables
Paul Craig Roberts
I guess we have all noticed that the holier-than-thou groups who whined that Trump wasn't going to accept the outcome of the election refuse to accept it themselves.
Because I was critical of the George W. Bush regime, the liberal-progressive-leftwing and homosexual/transgendered rights groups have me on their mailing lists. 
And it is unbelievable. The entirety of 'the other America' refuses to accept the people's decision. They think that their concerns are more important than the concerns of the American people, who they regard as nothing but a collection of racist homophobic rednecks. 
Unless they provoke him beyond reason, Trump is not going to bother any of these people.
Trump wants to bring middle class jobs back to Americans, including for all those paid to protest him.
In order to avoide nuclear war, Trump wants to restore normal relations between the major nuclear powers. 
When there are no jobs for Americans that pay enough to support an independent existence, Trump doesn't see the point of massive legal and illegal immigration.
This is only common sense.
Yet 'the threatened people' see it as fascism.
Who are 'the threatened people?' As always, the most powerful.
Tell me, what lobby is more powerful than the Israel Lobby? You can't. But the Jewish Lobby, J Street, has sent me a hysterical email at 5:11pm on 14 November. Unless 'we all come together and oppose Trump's appointment of Breitbart editor Stephan Bannon as chief strategist and senior counselor' a 'wave of hate will sweep across the land,' consuming 'Jews, Muslims, African-Americans, LGBT peoople (lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgendered), immigrants, Hispanics, women and other groups.'
Really now! So is Trump's chief strategist, whatever position that is, going to attack the Jews and those with unusual sexual impulses with drones and cluster bombs, like the zionist neoconservatives who controlled the Clinton, George W. Bush, and Obama regimes did to millions of slaughtered and displaced peoples in 7 countries, and like Israel does to Palestinians? Or is the former Breitbart editor going to round them all up and torture them in Abu Ghraib and Guantanamo like Bush and Obama did. And like Netanyahu does in Israel?
Or will Trump simply shoot them down in the streets like Netanyahu does to the Palestinian women and children. 
How come J Street and the Oligarchy-funded fronts are only concerned with nonexistent threats and ignore all of the real threats?
According to J Street, the main concern is that Trump has appointed an 'Alt-Right' person to advise him. Dangerous tensions between nuclear powers? A collapsing American middle class?
These concerns, if present, are in the peripheral vision of the 'threatened people.' 
According to the front group known as the Southern Poverty Law Center, Trump's election by fly-over America has resulted in 'over 250 reports of hate crimes around the country.' Is the Southern Poverty Law Center including the brutal beating of a white man by a gang of blacks? How many innocents has Trump slaughtered and put into concentration camps? How many countries has he invaded? The corrupt American media and oligarchic front groups have created 'the new Hitler' before he is even inaugerated.
The Klingon Clintons and neoconed Bush/Cheney and Obama killing regimes have murdered more people and invaded more countries than Hitler, and the holier-than-thou group doesn't care. Yet, the all-powerful Israeli Lobby thinks a Breibart editor is going to target the Jews, immigrants, the transgendered and homosexuals, women, Muslims, Hispanics, 'and other groups.' What a change this will be. Only non-immigrant, white, heterosexual males will be in the protected group known as the 'preferred minority.'
We must hope that Donald Trump understands the state of moral, cultural, legal, and political collapse that America is in. Two years ago at the Valdai International Discussion Club, Russian President Vladimir Putin said:
'Many of the Euro-Atlantic countries are actually rejecting their roots, including the Christian values that constitute the basis of Western civilization. They are denying moral principles and all traditional identities, national, cultural, religious, and even secular. They are implementing policies that equate families with same-sex partnerships, worship of God with worship of Satan. I am convinced that this opens a direct path to degradation and primitivism, resulting in a profound demographic and moral crisis.'
Ordinary Americans know what he means. They are forced to accept blasphemous films about Jesus Christ and shameless newspaper caricatures of the Virgin Mary, but if one of them calls a homosexual a pervert, he has committed a hate crime.
America is a country without an honest media. A country wihout an honest judiciary. Without an honest government. Without an honest legislature. Without honest schools and universities. A country whose morals are confused by propaganda. A country whose elites believe that they are entitled to all the income and wealth and that normal American people are the 'deplorables,' to use Hillary's term for ordinary Americans.
The post Trump's Opponents See Normal Americans as Deplorables — Paul Craig Roberts appeared first on PaulCraigRoberts.org .

ARTICLE

For reasons unknown, Canadians are unable to access Raynard Jackson's article from
the URL on my website. Therefore, I have reproduced the article in full.
http://www.paulcraigroberts.org/2016/11/15/guest-columns-by-michael-hudson-and-raynard-jackson/ 
The post Raynard Jackson's article appeared first on PaulCraigRoberts.org .

ARTICLE

Those Who Thoughtlessly Disbelieve 'Conspiracy Theories' Need To Read This
https://www.lewrockwell.com/2016/11/no_author/forces-evil-treachery-deception/ 
The post Those Who Thoughtlessly Disbelieve 'Conspiracy Theories' Need To Read This appeared first on PaulCraigRoberts.org .

ARTICLE

Obama's Crazed DOJ Mandates Police Departments Must Hire Non-Citizens
In the United States citizens can be arrested by non-citizens. Little wonder the electorate is concerned about immigration.
http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2016/11/22/denver-sheriffs-department-fined-10k-for-hiring-only-us-citizens.html 
The post Obama's Crazed DOJ Mandates Police Departments Must Hire Non-Citizens appeared first on PaulCraigRoberts.org .

ARTICLE

It Is Up To Us
Paul Craig Roberts
Did Donald Trump win the election because he is a racist and misogynist and so are the American people? 
No. That's BS from the Oligarchs' well-paid whores in the media, 'liberal progressive' activist groups, think tanks and universities.
Did Trump win because he stole the election?
More BS. The Oligarchs controlled the voting machines. They failed to steal the election, because the people outsmarted them and told the pollsters that they were voting for Hillary. This led to the presstitutes' propaganda that Hillary was the certain winner, and the Oligarchs believed their own propaganda and didn't believe it necessary to make certain of their victory.
Trump won the presidency because he spoke directly and truthfully to the American people, telling them what what they knew to be true and had never before heard from any politician:
'Our movement is about replacing a failed and corrupt political establishment with a new government controlled by you, the American people. The establishment has trillions of dollars at stake in this election. Those who control the levers of power in Washington and the global special interests they partner with, don't have your good in mind. The political establishment that is trying to stop us is the same group responsible for our disastrous trade deals, massive illegal immigration and economic and foreign policies that have bled our country dry.
'It's a global power structure that is responsible for the economic decisions that have robbed our working class, stripped our country of its wealth and put that money into the pockets of a handful of large corporations and political entities. The only thing that can stop this corrupt machine is you. The only force strong enough to save our country is us. The only people brave enough to vote out this corrupt establishment is you, the American people.'
Trump did not promise voters a bunch of handouts. He didn't say he would fix this and that. He said that only the American people could fix our broken country and identified himself as an agent of the people.
The people won the election, but the Oligarchy is still there, as powerful as ever. They have already launched their attack using their whores in the media and liberal progressive groups in attempts to delegitimize Trump with protests, petitions, and endlessly false news reports. George Soros, using the money he made by his attack on the British currency, will pay thousands of protesters to attempt to disrupt the inaugeration. 
What about Trump's government? As Trump discovered, finding appointees who are not part of the Oligarchy's economic and foreign policy establishment is very difficult.
Washington is not a home for critics and dissidents. Consider Pat Buchanan, for example. As a White House official in two administrations and a two-time presidential candidate, he is experienced, but Washington has marginalized him. 
Moreover, even if there were a stable of outsiders, they would be eaten alive by the insiders. Trump will have to take insiders. But he has to pick insiders who are to some extent their own person. General Michael Flynn as National Security Advisor is not a bad pick. Flynn is the former head of the Defense Intelligence Agency who advised the Obama regime against employing ISIS against Syria. Flynn has publicly stated on television that the appearance of ISIS in Syria was a 'willful decision' of the Obama regime. In other words, ISIS is Washington's agent, which is why the Obama regime has protected ISIS.
Trump's chief of staff (Priebus) and chief strategist (Bannon) are reasonable choices.
Sessions (Attorney General) and Pompeo (CIA) are disturbing appointments based on their media-created reputations. But in the US where there is no honest media, we don't know the truth of the reputations. Nevertheless, if Sessions does support torture, he is disqualified as attorney general, because the Constitution prohibits torture. The US cannot afford yet another attorney general who does not support the US Constitution.
If Pompeo actually is so poorly informed that he opposed the Iran settlement, he is not fit to be CIA director. The CIA itself said that Iran had no nuclear weapons program, and with Russia's help the matter was resolved. Does Trump want a CIA director who neoconservatives could use to restart the conflict?
The views of Sessions and Pompeo could be products of the time and not visceral. Regardless, Trump is a strong and willful person. If Trump wants peace with the Russians and Chinese, appointees who get in the way will be fired. So let's see what a Trump government does before we damn it.
Presstitute reports of extreme neoconservative John Bolton and former US attorney and NY Mayor Rudy Giuliani being candidates for Secretary of State do not seem credible. If Trump intends to get along with Putin, how can he do that if his Secretary of State wants war with Russia? Trump should find an experienced diplomat who negotiated with the Soviets. Richard Burt, who had a major role in the Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty, is the sort of person it would make sense to consider. Another sensible candidate would be Jack Matlock, Reagan's Ambassador to the Soviet Union.
If Trump wants peace with Russia, the Secretary of State is the important appointment.
If Trump wants to stop the Oligarchy's rip off of the American people, the Secretary of the Treasury is the important appointment. 
Under the last three presidents, treasury secretaries have been agents for the banks-too-big-to-fail and for Wall Street. It is now a tradition for the financial gangsters to own the Treasury. It remains to be seen if the tradition is too strong for Trump to break.
The Oligarchy is trying to discredit the Trump Presidency before it exists. This effort is discrediting liberal and progressive groups by identifying them with nonenforcement of the immigration laws and with homosexual and transgender rights, issues not on the agenda of an electorate whose economic fortunes have been declining and who are tired of 15 years of war that serves only the hegemony agenda of the neoconservatives and the profits and power of the military/security complex. 
According to The Saker, Putin has begun removing the Atlanticist Integrationists, Russia's Fifth Column, from influence. Let's see if Trump can remove our fifth columnists—neoconservatives and neoliberal economists—who have sold out the American people and America's integrity.
If Trump fails, the only solution is for the American people to become more radical.
The post It Is Up To Us — Paul Craig Roberts appeared first on PaulCraigRoberts.org .

ARTICLE

Trump Kicks Presstitutes' Teeth Down Their Lying Throats
And Presstitute David Remnick in true presstitute fashion tries to turn it against Trump.
Only Trump sins, never the presstitutes. It is OK for the presstitutes to lie, but not OK
to hold the media accountable.
http://www.informationclearinghouse.info/article45898.htm 
The post Trump Kicks Presstitutes' Teeth Down Their Lying Throats appeared first on PaulCraigRoberts.org .

ARTICLE

Sputnik and Jill Stein Want A Vote Recount
Apparently the Russian news site and the Green Party candidate want a vote recount that could remove 'peace with Russia' Trump and install 'nuclear war with Russia' Hillary. 
https://sputniknews.com/us/201611241047810414-stein-sputnik-interview-election-recount/ 
The post Sputnik and Jill Stein Want A Vote Recount appeared first on PaulCraigRoberts.org .

ARTICLE

Trump the Great
Paul Craig Roberts
Liberals, progressives, and the left-wing (to the extent that one still exists) are aligning with the corrupt oligarchy against president-elect Trump and the American people. 
They are busy at work trying to generate hysteria over Trump's 'authoritarian personality and followers.' In other words, the message is: here come the fascists.
Liberals and progressives wailed and whined about 'an all white male cabinet,' only to be made fools by Trump's appointment of a black male and two women, one a minority and one a Trump critic.
The oligarchs are organizing their liberal progressive front groups to disrupt Trump's inauguration in an effort to continue the attempt to delegitimize Trump the way the paid Maidan protesters were used in Kiev to delegitimize the elected Ukrainian government.
To the extent any of the Trump protesters are sincere and not merely paid tools of oligarchs, such as George Soros, military and financial interests, and global capitalists, they should consider that false claims and unjustified criticism can cause Trump and his supporters to close their ears to all criticism and make it easier for neoconservatives to influence Trump by offering support.
At this point we don't know what a Trump government is going to do. If he sells out the people, he won't be reelected. If he is defeated by the oligarchy, the people will become more radical. 
We do not know how Washington insiders appointed to the government will behave inside a Trump presidency. Unless they are ideologues like the neoconservatives or agents of powerful interests, insiders survive by going along with the current. If the current changes under Trump, so will the insiders. 
Trump got elected because flyover America has had all it can take from the self-dealing oligarchy. The vast bullk of America has seen its economic prospects and that of children and grandchildren decline for a quarter century. The states Hillary carried are limited to the liberal enclaves and oligarchy's stomping grounds on the NE and West coasts and in Colorado and New Mexico, where effete wealthy liberals have located because of the scenary. If you look at the red/blue electoral map, geographically speaking Hillary's support is very limited.
We know that Hillary is an agent for the One Percent. The Clintons $120 million personal wealth and $1.6 billion personal foundation are proof that the Clintons are bought-and-paid-for. We know that Hillary is responsible for the destruction of Libya and of much of Syria and for the overthrow of the democratically elected government in Ukraine. We know that the Clinton regime's sanctions on Iraq resulted in the deaths of 500,000 children. These are war crimes and crimes against humanity. We know Hillary used government office for private gain. We know she violated national security laws without being held accountable. What we don't know is why groups that allegedly are liberal-progressive-leftwing are such fervent supporters of Hillary.
One possible answer is that these groups are mere fronts for vested interests and are devoid of any sincere motives.
Another possible answer is that these groups believe that the important issues are not jobs for Americans and avoiding war with nuclear powers, but transgender, homosexual and illegal alien rights.
Another possible answer is that these groups are uninformed and stupid.
What these protesters see as a threat in Trump's strong and willful personality is actually a virtue. A cipher like Obama has no more ability to stand up to the oligarchy than a disengaged George W. Bush so easily stage-managed by Dick Cheney. Nothing less than an authoritarian style and personality is a match for the well-entrenched ruling oligarchy and willful neoconservatives. If Trump were a shrinking violet, the electorate would have ignored him.
Trump did not purchase his presidency with the offer of handouts to blacks, the poor generally, teachers unions, farmers, abortion rights for women, etc. Trump was elected because he said: 'Those who control the levers of power in Washington and the global special interests they partner with, don't have your good in mind. It's a global power structure that is responsible for the economic decisions that have robbed our working class, stripped our country of its wealth and put that money into the pockets of a handful of large corporations and political entities. The only thing that can stop this corrupt machine is you.'
It has been a long time since the electorate heard this kind of talk from someone seeking public office. Trump's words are what Americans were waiting to hear.
As willful as Trump is, he is only one person. The oligarchy are many.
As impressive as Trump's billion dollars is, the oligarchs have trillions.
Congress being in Republican hands will spare Trump partisan obstruction, but Congress remains in the hands of interest groups. 
As powerful as the office of the president can be, without unity in government changes from the top don't occur, especially if the president is at odds with the military with regard to the alleged threat posed by Russia and China. Trump says he wants peace with the nuclear powers. The military/security complex needs an enemy for its budget.
It is absolutely necessary that a lid be put on tensions between nuclear powers and that economic opportunity reappears for the American people. Trump is not positioned to benefit from war and jobs offshoring. The only sensible strategy is to support him on these issues and to hold his feet to the fire.
As for the immigration issue, the Obama Justice (sic) Department has just worsened the picture with its ruling that American police departments cannot discriminate against non-citizens by only hiring citizens as officers. Now that US citizens face arrest in their own country by non-citizens, the resentment of immigrants will increase. Clearly it is nonsensical to devalue American citizenship in this way. Clearly it is sensible to put a lid on immigration until the US economy is again able to create jobs capable of sustaining an independent existence. 
If Trump can defeat the oligarchy and save America, he can go down in history as Trump the Great. I think that this prospect appeals to Trump more than more wealth. Instead of trying to tear him down in advance, he should be supported. With Trump's determination and the people's support, change from the top down is possible. Otherwise, change has to come from the bottom up, and that means an awful lot of blood in the streets. 
The post Trump the Great — Paul Craig Roberts appeared first on PaulCraigRoberts.org .

ARTICLE

What Is Jill Stein Up To?
Jill Stein's candidacy is unaffected by a vote recount. How was she able to raise more money overnight for vote recounts in 3 states won by Trump than she was able to raise for her presidential campaign? 
Stephen Lendman http://sjlendman.blogspot.com and investmentwatchblog.com http://investmentwatchblog.com/jill-stein-has-just-raised-more-money-in-24-hours-for-her-wi-mi-and-pa-recount-initiative-than-she-did-for-her-entire-2016-presidential-campaign/ raise questions.
It is strange that the Green Party candidate would prefer Hillary, who would raise tensions with Russia, to Trump, who says he will restore normal relations. One thermo-nuclear war and the climate is history along with the rest of us.
The post What Is Jill Stein Up To? appeared first on PaulCraigRoberts.org .

