ARTICLE

From US Herald : 
So, a protest riot broke out in peaceful downtown Chicago. Who is to blame? 
Donald Trump of course! If he is in the room when anything untoward happens it's his fault. In this latest display of suck-up to Sharia, the mainstream media is not reporting what actually went down. 
MUSLIM'S IN CHICAGO CHANTING: 'FREE PALESTINE'PRO PALESTINE PROTEST IN SEPTEMBER 2014. HTTPS://YOUTU.BE/QOQQVXXMVSYWHERE WAS THE MAINSTREAM MEDIA ON THIS?(THANK YOU TO A VIEWER THAT CONFIRMED THIS INFORMATION) 
POSTED BY THE ROCCI STUCCI SHOW ON SUNDAY, MARCH 6, 2016 
This was not a spur of the moment, thugs getting their panties in a wad, beef with a white guy. This was a well-organized, well-executed attempt by the thugs and the Sharia Law Islamofascists among us to try and throw their weight around. 
A little pre-emptive voter intimidation for ya'll. 
'Free Palestine.' 
'Death to Israel.' 
Death to America.' 
Ummmm…that is not the Black Lives Matter mantra. This is not the Sanders fan-base mantra—they're too wussy. This was not the Latino angry-of-the-wall clan. 
This was the rise of the Caliphate . 
Where is our president? Nowhere. Oh, wait, that's not true. He's busy with his SXSW speech to the idiot masses about how freedom of speech should be regulated. 
ARTICLE

Share on Facebook Share 
Russia have officially declared that Billionaire George Soros is a wanted man in their country, citing him and his organizations as a 'threat to Russian national security'. 
Putin banned Soros from Russia last year due to the fact that Soros helped to nearly destroy the Russian economy in the early 1990's. 
Veteranstoday.com reports: 
Matt Taibbi of the Rolling Stone said of Goldman Sachs six years ago: 
'The first thing you need to know about Goldman Sachs is that it's everywhere. The world's most powerful investment bank is a great vampire squid wrapped around the face of humanity, relentlessly jamming its blood funnel into anything that smells like money. 
'In fact, the history of the recent financial crisis, which doubles as a history of the rapid decline and fall of the suddenly swindled dry American empire, reads like a Who's Who of Goldman Sachs graduates.' 
Obviously Soros wants to be like Goldman Sachs. Phil Butler puts it well when he says: 'George Soros has a finger in every political pie there is. If there is a crisis on our world, it's a safe bet he's had a hand in it.' 
One can say that Soros and Goldman Sachs are ideologically part of the same brotherhood. Their strategy is a little different, but the end result is the destruction of lives via the economic system (be it capitalism or socialism) and political manipulation. 
That's why Soros seems to think that he is invincible. He thinks he can move the political and economic planet in a few blinks of an eye and no one can tell him to stop. In fact, he writes books such as The Alchemy of Finance. Soros thinks he can kill political stability throughout Europe and indeed in America with no challenge. 
Soros is certainly old, but he doesn't want to be obsolete. His organization has recently been caught conducting covert operations designed to destabilize Russia. Here is an interesting quote from the leaked files of Soros' Open Society Foundation: 
'Our inclination is to engage in activities and with actors that will understand and counter Russian support to movements defending traditional values…Naming and shaming from us is problematic: we are also in the business of channeling money into other countries for political purposes.' 
