ARTICLE

(Rawalpindi, Islamic Republic of Pakistan)-- President Vladimir Putin in a rare interview with Asia Times revealed that Moscow offered a comprehensive roadmap to solve Kashmir's crisis which has festered for decades. The Russian proposal supports self-determination to the inhabitants of the disputed Jammu and Kashmir, based on a choice of three courses to be voted on in a referendum within four years after the establishment of peace. "It is unrealistic to expect the Muslim population to accept the idea of integration into India. We support the inalienable right of Kashmiri people to determine their future. A UN-sponsored ceasefire is needed," the state-run Asia Time quoted Mr. Putin as saying, adding, the Indian army disguised as Hindu zealots are indiscriminately targeting Muslim civilians. The main anti-Indian Kashmiri opposition party, widely known as Azad Kashmir (Free Kashmir), has recently reopened its political office in Moscow after five years when Russia suddenly severed all its ties with the Muslim separatists. "Indian army acts as ruthless bandits, though we seek a permanent solution to the conflict in Kashmir. UN must hold a plebiscite in those disputed areas to determine the wishes of Kashmiris on the final disposition of their state. I hope both side--Indianans and Pakistanis--eventually reach a mutual understanding and agree on reasonable term to end this bloodshed.

ARTICLE

ISIS has declared war on Palestine, threatening genocide against the Palestinian people, following the murder of Hamas' senior commander Saber Siam on Sunday. ISIS militants said that Siam was killed due to the fact he was 'a partner in a declared war against religion and against Muslims, working for the heretical government in Gaza'. Americans.org report: The attack was conducted by ISIS-affiliated Salafist rebels who have also warned local residents to stay away from Hamas offices and buildings as it plans to carry out more attacks. The conflict between Hamas and ISIS in Gaza started when Palestinian forces demolished a makeshift mosque used by Ansar al-Bayt al-Maqdis in early May. Ansar al-Bayt al-Maqdis is an Egyptian Islamist group that has pledged allegiance to ISIS and has been recruiting Palestinians for the Islamic State. After demolishing the Almtahabin mosque, Hamas then arrested seven men, including a local Salafist Sheikh Yasser Abu Houli. ISIS claims it will kill Palestinians 'one by one' and that it knows the names and addresses of all the officers working for the Palestinian Intelligence agency.

ARTICLE

 (Rawalpindi, Islamic Republic of Pakistan)-- President Vladimir Putin in a rare interview with Asia Times revealed that Moscow offered a comprehensive roadmap to solve Kashmir's crisis which has festered for decades. The Russian proposal supports self-determination to the inhabitants of the disputed Jammu and Kashmir, based on a choice of three courses to be voted on in a referendum within four years after the establishment of peace. "It is unrealistic to expect the Muslim population to accept the idea of integration into India. We support the inalienable right of Kashmiri people to determine their future. A UN-sponsored ceasefire is needed," the state-run Asia Time quoted Mr. Putin as saying, adding, the Indian army disguised as Hindu zealots are indiscriminately targeting Muslim civilians. The main anti-Indian Kashmiri opposition party, widely known as Azad Kashmir (Free Kashmir), has recently reopened its political office in Moscow after five years when Russia suddenly severed all its ties with the Muslim separatists. "Indian army acts as ruthless bandits, though we seek a permanent solution to the conflict in Kashmir. UN must hold a plebiscite in those disputed areas to determine the wishes of Kashmiris on the final disposition of their state. I hope both side--Indianans and Pakistanis--eventually reach a mutual understanding and agree on reasonable term to end this bloodshed.

ARTICLE

ISIS has declared war on Palestine, threatening genocide against the Palestinian people, following the murder of Hamas' senior commander Saber Siam on Sunday. ISIS militants said that Siam was killed due to the fact he was 'a partner in a declared war against religion and against Muslims, working for the heretical government in Gaza'. Americans.org report: The attack was conducted by ISIS-affiliated Salafist rebels who have also warned local residents to stay away from Hamas offices and buildings as it plans to carry out more attacks. The conflict between Hamas and ISIS in Gaza started when Palestinian forces demolished a makeshift mosque used by Ansar al-Bayt al-Maqdis in early May. Ansar al-Bayt al-Maqdis is an Egyptian Islamist group that has pledged allegiance to ISIS and has been recruiting Palestinians for the Islamic State. After demolishing the Almtahabin mosque, Hamas then arrested seven men, including a local Salafist Sheikh Yasser Abu Houli. ISIS claims it will kill Palestinians 'one by one' and that it knows the names and addresses of all the officers working for the Palestinian Intelligence agency.

ARTICLE

The day after Hillary Clinton testified in front of the House Select Committee on Benghazi last October, John Podesta, the Democrat's campaign chairman, met for dinner with a small group of well-connected friends, including Peter Kadzik, a top official at the Justice Department. 
The dinner arrangement, revealed in hacked Podesta emails released by Wikileaks, is just the latest example of an apparent conflict of interest between the Clinton campaign and the federal agency charged with investigating the former secretary of state's email practices. 
Podesta and Kadzik, the assistant attorney general for legislative affairs, were in frequent contact, other emails show. In one email from January, Kadzik and Podesta, who were classmates at Georgetown Law School in the 1970s, discussed plans to celebrate Podesta's birthday. And in another sent last May, Kadzik's son emailed Podesta asking for a job on the Clinton campaign. 
The post-Benghazi dinner was attended by Podesta, Kadzik, superlobbyist Vincent Roberti and other well-placed Beltway fixtures. 
The exchanges are another example of the Clinton campaign's 'cozy relationship' with the Obama Justice Department, one former U.S. Attorney tells The Daily Caller.

ARTICLE

BEVERLY HILLS, Calif. '” More than 100 of Hillary Clinton's biggest donors crowded into the home of Casey and Laura Wasserman here on Thursday night, each having written a check for at least $33,400 to snag a ticket. The Hollywood glitterati in attendance '” Elton John performed on the piano; Barbra Streisand mingled in the crowd '” were sending her off for the home stretch of the campaign with north of $5 million in fresh funding. 
It was a fitting capstone to a remarkable 18 months for Clinton on the lucrative California fundraising circuit, this final event anchored by a host committee of billionaires, Hollywood executives, media moguls and tech investors '” Sean Parker, Jeffrey Katzenberg, Haim Saban, Chris Sacca '” that each directed $416,000 to Clinton's efforts. 
Clinton calls them her 'Hillblazers,' campaign bundlers who have given or raised at least $100,000 for her campaign. And she has erected an unparalleled and unprecedented infrastructure of 1,133 such people '” nearly double the number of any past presidential candidate, including President Obama four years ago. 
While Clinton and her advisers like to tout her small online donors, it is these bundlers in more than 40 states and four foreign countries who form the true backbone of her financial operation. Combined, this elite $100,000-and-up club has amassed a minimum of $113 million for Clinton and the Democratic Party '” and the actual figure is likely far, far higher than that. (The biggest bundlers typically collect millions for campaigns.) 
'We had the best base of donors and bundlers and raisers ever in 2008. It was even better in 2012. And it's much better in 2016 than 2012,' said Wade Randlett, a San Francisco-based Democrat who has raised money for Clinton, Obama and Democratic causes for decades. 'The Obama people basically 100 percent in are favor of Hillary. There's really no loss because of ideology or bad blood. And she has added an enormous number of people, especially women.' 
Among her bundlers are celebrities (Will Smith) and sports stars (Earvin 'Magic' Johnson), Hollywood directors (Steven Spielberg and George Lucas) and corporate executives (Marissa Mayer and Sheryl Sandberg), Wall Street-types (Marc Lasry), media executives (Haim Saban and Anna Wintour) and members of Congress, including her running mate, Sen. Tim Kaine, who helped raise more than $100,000 for Clinton before he joined the ticket in July. 
The Clinton campaign said 45 percent of its bundlers are women. 
There are also federal lobbyists, from whom the Democratic Party under Obama refused to accept money, a prohibition that has since been rolled back. 
This club has expanded to the point where Clinton would now struggle to fit all of these bundlers into a single ballroom. As of the end of June, she counted 496 such individuals and couples. By the end of July, it was 871. On August 31, it was 1,133. 
It includes billionaires George Soros, Warren Buffett and Tom Steyer, super lobbyists like Steve Elmendorf and bold-faced names like Calvin Klein and J.J. Abrams. There is also a sprinkling of longtime Clinton family advisers, such as Vernon Jordan.

ARTICLE

Although Hillary Clinton has repeatedly denied that she sold weapons to the Islamic Stats while serving as Secretary of State, Wikileaks founder Julian Assange claims he has proof to the contrary. 
Thepoliticalinsider.com reported: In Obama's second term, Secretary of State Hillary Clinton authorized the shipment of American-made arms to Qatar, a country beholden to the Muslim Brotherhood, and friendly to the Libyan rebels, in an effort to topple the Libyan/Gaddafi government, and then ship those arms to Syria in order to fund Al Qaeda, and topple Assad in Syria. 
Clinton took the lead role in organizing the so-called 'Friends of Syria' (aka Al Qaeda/ISIS) to back the CIA-led insurgency for regime change in Syria. 
Under oath Hillary Clinton denied she knew about the weapons shipments during public tesrce.

ARTICLE

In an email released by Wikileaks, top Hillary Clinton aide Huma Abedin seemed to express concern for the health of her boss. 
'She's going to stick to notes a little closer this am, still not perfect in her head,' Abedin told Podesta and others in a discussion on messaging to reporters about a Jeb Bush Super PAC. 
It appears that Abedin wasn't the only person concerned about Hillary's health. 
In an email dated September 26, 2015, John Podesta asked Jennifer Palmieri, 'How bad is her head?' 
Palmieri responded, 'Don't know.' 
A post at Heat Street observed: 
Hillary Clinton suffered a 'cracked head' (her words) after suffering a fall in December 2012. Many have speculated about her health since that episode, and questions grew louder in September of this year when Hillary was caught on tape nearly collapsing at a 9/11 memorial event in Manhattan. 
After initially blaming the health scare on 'dehydration,' the campaign was forced to acknowledge the candidate had been diagnosed with pneumonia. 
'It was unclear whether Abedin was referring to a serious ailment,' the New York Post added. 
In January 2016, Breitbart reported: 
Democrat frontrunner Hillary Clinton's disappearance from the debate stage last month left people speculating that the former First Lady took a long bathroom break, but now a law-enforcement source with inside connections is alleging that Clinton was missing from the stage due to health issues stemming from a previous brain injury. 
These long-lasting symptoms stemming from a concussion and blood clot, according to a neurologist, suggest Clinton is suffering from post-concussion syndrome, which can severely impact her cognitive abilities. 
Source: conservativefiringline.com

ARTICLE

Donald Trump's campaign has ended fundraising events meant to support the Republican Party's get-out-the-vote efforts in next month's elections. 
Aides to the Republican nominee told Fox News that Trump Victory, the joint fundraising committee for the GOP and the campaign, held its most recent fundraiser on Oct. 19 and no more such events were scheduled. 
The move, which was first reported by The Washington Post, cuts off a key money source for Republicans hoping to keep hold of both houses of Congress. 
'We've kind of wound down,' Trump national finance chairman Steven Mnuchin told the Post. 'But the online fundraising continues to be strong.' 
By contrast, the Post reported that Democrat Hillary Clinton's campaign has scheduled 41 fundraising events between now and Nov. 4. The former secretary of state was scheduled to make her last personal fundraising appearance Tuesday in Miami. 
Mnuchin told the paper that the real estate mogul was focusing on making his final pitch to the voters at a campaign events rather than raising money in the final two weeks of the race. 
'We have minimized his fundraising schedule over the last month to emphasize his focus on political [events],' Mnuchin said of the candidate. 'Unlike Hillary, who has been fundraising and not out and about, he has constantly been out and about.' 
According to the Post, the Republican National Committee had collected $40 million through Trump Victory as of Sept. 30. 
RNC spokeswoman Lindsay Walters said the organization '[continues] to fundraise for the entire GOP ticket.' 
Meanwhile, Politico reported Tuesday that the Senate Leadership Fund, a Super PAC with ties to Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., was putting $25 million into seven Senate races deemed crucial in determining the balance of power on Capitol hill.

ARTICLE

Hillary Clinton personally ordered a consultant to use a nonprofit group to troll the Trump campaign with a 'Donald Duck' mascot, according to the Democratic operatives who say they arranged it with a nonprofit organization. 
When Breitbart News' Washington political editor, Matthew Boyle, confronted Mook about Creamer and his firm in the spin room after the third presidential debate, Mook claimed: 'They've never worked for our campaign.' When asked if Clinton had ever discussed the controversial political operations with Creamer directly, Mook replied: 'I don't think so.' 
Now, however, O'Keefe and Project Veritas have released video of Creamer claiming that Clinton directly approved one of his more bizarre plans '” an effort to attract media attention and incite violence by dressing an activist in a Donald Duck costume and sending that activist into Trump events, emphasizing the argument that Trump was 'ducking' releasing his tax returns. 
The action, if true, would be a black-letter violation of federal election law, which prohibits presidential campaigns from coordinating activities with outside groups that can collect unlimited 'dark money' from contributors '“ and don't pay taxes on what they collect. 
Project Veritas Action video footage shows Robert Creamer, a convicted felon who was forced out of his executive role at the liberal consultancy Democracy Partners, saying Clinton chose the duck stunt. 
'In the end, it was the candidate, Hillary Clinton, the future president of the United States, who wanted ducks on the ground. So by God we would get ducks on the ground,' Creamer says in the video.

ARTICLE

The daily IBD/TIPP tracking poll, updated Sunday, shows Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump leading challenger Hillary Clinton 43 percent to 41 percent in a race that also includes third-party candidates. 
In a head-to-head matchup, Trump leads Clinton 43.2 percent to 42.3 percent, with 10 percent unsure. 
Men back Trump over Clinton 48 percent to 34 percent, with women supporting Clinton 46 percent to 38 percent. 
Whites back Trump over Clinton, 50 percent to 33 percent. White men back Trump, 55 percent to 27 percent and a majority of white women also support Trump over Clinton, 46 percent to 39 percent. 
Fifteen percent of blacks and Hispanics back Trump over Clinton, while she earns 65 percent of those blocs' support. Broken down, 11 percent of blacks support Trump, and 22 percent of Hispanics support him. 
Taking a look at income, likely voters making $50,000 or less each year favor Trump, while those making more than $75,000 a year favor Clinton. Of those earning between $50,000 and $75,000, 43 percent support Clinton, while 41 percent support Trump '“ a statistical tie. 
Among independents, Trump leads Clinton 44 percent to 31 percent. Among Republicans, Trump gets 84 percent support, with eight percent backing Clinton. This while only 77 percent of Democrats support Clinton, with nine percent saying they plan to vote Trump. 
IBD/TIPP tracking pollsters questioned 783 likely voters from Oct. 17 to Oct. 22. The margin of error is plus or minus 3.6 percentage points. 
The IBD/TIPP tracking poll has been billed as the most accurate presidential election tracking poll.

ARTICLE

WSJ The political organization of Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe, an influential Democrat with longstanding ties to Bill and Hillary Clinton, gave nearly $500,000 to the election campaign of the wife of an official at the Federal Bureau of Investigation who later helped oversee the investigation into Mrs. Clinton's email use. 
Campaign finance records show Mr. McAuliffe's political-action committee donated $467,500 to the 2015 state Senate campaign of Dr. Jill McCabe, who is married to Andrew McCabe, now the deputy director of the FBI. 
The Virginia Democratic Party, over which Mr. McAuliffe exerts considerable control, donated an additional $207,788 worth of support to Dr. McCabe's campaign in the form of mailers, according to the records. That adds up to slightly more than $675,000 to her candidacy from entities either directly under Mr. McAuliffe's control or strongly influenced by him. The figure represents more than a third of all the campaign funds Dr. McCabe raised in the effort

ARTICLE



A Saudi prince has urged Americans not to vote for Donald Trump in the upcoming general election. He practically beggs the people to give their votes for Hillary Clinton. For us, this is a HUGE reason NOT TO VOTE FOR HILLARY! She got $50 million from this man. I guess you know what am I talking about. Do not let their cooperation continue, because it is going to end up bad for America. Lets choose a true patriot and see where would our country go! I am sure it is going to be much better than crooked Hillary's road. 
Turki al-Faisal, who served as Saudia Arabia's ambassador to the US from 2005 to 2007, spoke against the presumptive Republican nominee during a foreign policy dinner in Washington, DC on Thursday. 
He blasted Trump's proposal to ban Muslims from entering the US, which the billionaire first formulated in December last year before renewing his vow on Wednesday. 
'For the life of me, I cannot believe that a country like the United States can afford to have someone as president who simply says, 'These people are not going to be allowed to come to the United States,'' Turki said according to the Huffington Post. 
'It's up to you, it's not up to me,' Turki added. 'I just hope you, as American citizens, will make the right choice in November.' 
The gulf nations represent three of the largest donors to the foundation, but that is hardly the extent of their ties to the Clintons. Qatari, UAE, and Saudi firms paid Bill Clinton millions of dollars for speeches during the time Hillary served as secretary of state, when she also approved weapons deals with all three countries worth billions of dollars to U.S. defense firms, many of which are also Clinton Foundation donors. 
Bill Clinton has praised the Qataris as 'intelligent, forward looking' investment partners for their collaboration on Clinton Foundation projects. One of Hillary's top advisers, Cheryl Mills, served on the board of the New York 
University campus in Abu Dhabi. Bill Clinton is the friend and former classmate of Saudi Prince Turki bin Faisal Al Saud, who recently attended a lavish Clinton Foundation conference in Marrakech, hosted by the King of Morocco. The Bill Clinton presidential library in Little Rock was funded in part by a $10 million from the Saudi Royal family. 
Turk, who went to Georgetown University in Washington, DC, isn't currently part of Saudia Arabia's government but serves as the chairman of the King Faisal Center for Research and Islamic Studies, a cultural organization that conducts research in politics, sociology and heritage.

ARTICLE

Final statement of the conference stressed on brotherhood and peaceful coexistence. It stated what Iraq is witnessing today is nothing but discord, a spirit of hostility and hatred, which is heritage of instigators who have created a gap, difference, extremism, Takfir and sectarianism. It considered Marja'iat as 'Security valves' to stop the war and bloodshed, and also to protect the honor and property. According to the statement, Iraqi elite of scholars and decision-makers gathered to discuss the current situation and make the right decisions which realized Iraq's unity and provide security, stability and a real national reconciliation free of religious bigotry and political quotas. The conference asked Sunni civilians to be active in the political process in Iraq and fulfill their part in building a new Iraq. Iraqi mufti, Mehdi Ahmed Al-Sumaidaie, the head of the conference announced that he will stand against every attempt to divide Iraq. He did not accept foreign interference in the internal affairs of Iraq. Al-Sumaidaie also did the talk with al-Hashd al-Shaabi and other Iraqi group to unify Iraq. The conference was held to confirm the integrity and unity of Iraq and solidarity in the face of political and security threats among different part of the country, carrying the motto "we protect our honor and dignity by embracing religious authority as the basis of unity and integration of our homeland". 300 figures and religious scholars including ethnic groups' sheikhs (tribes) attended the conference.

ARTICLE

According to the results of the investigation conducted by Toyota, the Japanese company, about the sources of supply of the "Daesh" thousands of cars, and it confirmed that the four Arab countries bought and handed over to the organization. The unfolding clues Saudi support and Qatar and the UAE group "Daesh," especially with the start of Russian raids on the regulatory sites in Syria, and after that the Russian military handed the Japanese car company "Toyota" pictures of the dozens of cars confiscated by the Syrian army in the battles on the ground have all been with "Daesh ". The source familiar with the Syrian and Russian governments may deliver to the company, "Toyota" a preliminary report on the cars delivered by the company from the Russian military intelligence pictures, and it was the most prominent are the following: that the 22,500 car bought by a Saudi nationality import company, while Qatar has bought 32,000 car, the UAE has acquired 11650 car, the Jordanian army, and imported 4,500 cars the adoption of credit from several banks Saudi nationality, all now with the organization "Daesh." The number of cars owned by "Daesh" type of Toyota more than 60,000, all cars and SUV model "DOUBLE CAB" started. US authorities announced opened an investigation into how "Daesh" for large numbers of cars, but observers said that Washington itself delivered hundreds of these cars to Syria. For its part, "Toyota" confirmed that it has suspended auto sales in Syria since 2012.

ARTICLE

Britain has been providing military training to the Saudi Arabian Air Force, while the country is carrying out atrocities in neighboring Yemen, a report says. The UK's Liberal Democrats revealed that the British government is providing the training in both Saudi Arabia and Britain itself, The Independent revealed on Saturday. The party's Foreign Affairs spokesman, Tom Brake, obtained a parliamentary letter from UK Defense Secretary Michael Fallon, in which he acknowledged that the British government provides the training to Saudi pilots bombing civilians in Yemen. Brake denounced the move as 'shameful,' calling on the Ministry of Defense to end the training immediately. 'The Government must end its complicity in this murderous campaign,' he said. "It is shameful that the UK government is not only arming Saudi pilots, it is training them as well.' Saudi Arabia has launched a war in Yemen on March 26, 2015, in a bid to undermine the HouthiAnsarullah movement and restore power to Saudi-backed former president AbdRabbuh Mansur Hadi. Since the beginning of the aggression, almost 10,000 people, including over 2,000 children, have been killed. The Liberal Democrats also wanted to know what the instructions and advice had been given by the British government on authorizing military operations and the 'targeting of aerial operations' over the last year. "The indiscriminate bombing of innocent civilians by Saudi Arabia in Yemen, in clear breach of international humanitarian law, is now well documented,' Blake added. In response, Fallon claimed the government helps the Saudi Air Force in order to 'improve their targeting processes and to support International Humanitarian Law (IHL) compliance.' Fallon said the UK had delivered two training sessions in Saudi Arabia on the process for investigating alleged International Humanitarian Law violations, under a joint incident team it supported. He, however, said that the government 'has not provided any specific operational advice to the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia for operations in Yemen and has not provided training on political authorization of military operations.' The Liberal Democrat party also insisted that the latest revelation requires an urgent action by UK Foreign Secretary Boris Jonson, who personally signs off any arms sales to countries such as Saudi Arabia. London, which has been one of the biggest suppliers of weapons to Riyadh for 40 years, has come under fire for its continued sales of weapons to the kingdom during its war on Yemen. Charity group Oxfam accused the British government of being in a state of 'denial and disarray' over its arms supplies to Riyadh. Earlier this year, Amnesty International found a banned British-made cluster bomb used by the Saudis in Yemen. The un-detonated bomb which was found in a remote village in northern Yemen was BL-755 cluster bombs.

ARTICLE

In a shocking development in United States, two law makers moved a bill to declare Pakistan as a 'state sponsor of terrorism'. The bill moved in a very crucial time when Pakistan and India are heading towards a war like situation. The bill was moved by Congressman Ted Poe from Texas, who is the Chairman of the House Subcommittee on Terrorism, and Congressman Dana Rohrabacher of California, who is a strong votary of the Baloch cause.The allegations which were drafted in bill says harboring Osama bin laden and Haqqani's. The bill, HR 6069 or the Pakistan State Sponsor of Terrorism Designation Act . Poe condemned theterrorist attack on the Uri military camp in India, saying this is just the 'latest consequence of Pakistan's longstanding irresponsible policy of supporting and providing operational space for all stripes of jihadi terrorist groups reported in Times of India .'Currently Pakistan PM is on official visit to New York for attending the UN meeting. PM Nawaz had one on one meeting with US secretary of state John Kerry. During the meeting John Kerry pressure Pakistan to limit its nukes. on the other hand Pakistan asked US to tell India to limit its nukes first. According to the statement issued by the Pakistan's permanent representative to the UN, Maleeha Lodhi ' Sharif told Kerry that what was expected of Pakistan must also be implemented by India. Meanwhile international community specially US wants the debate of Kashmir out from UN session. Are we heading towards escalation ? Are we heading towards escalation? The growing concerns on both sides of the border, are giving a sinister look that both the nuclear powers are ready to lock horns. Indian army asked Modi government for the approval of punitive strikes inside Pakistan. A high level meeting in New Delhi which was chaired by the Indian PM focusing on two points agenda. 1: To isolate Pakistan diplomatically. 2: Surgical strikes inside Pakistan.

ARTICLE

Former President Bill Clinton can be heard telling his former mistress, Gennifer Flowers, to deny that he helped her get a state job in a series of recorded phone conversation from 1991. 
'If they ever asked if you'd talked to me about it, you can say no,' Clinton is heard saying in the recording. 
At the time, the media was making inquiries about Flowers' alleged affair with Clinton, and she was concerned that they may question how she got a job as administrative assistant for the Arkansas Appeal Tribunal. 
Clinton can also be heard telling Flowers how to handle a grievance filed by soemone else who applied for the same positioned and claimed she was more qualified than Flowers. 
Flowers famously recorded a series of conversation she had with Clinton from December 1990 to December 1991, while he was still Governor of Arkansas. The audio segments about the state job were widely reported in the 1990's, however, as other pay-for-play financial scandals have surfaced, the details may warrant revisiting. 

Here is a transcript of part of the recording: 
GF '“ But anyway, then Wednesday, there was a grievance filed in my office when I got the job by a girl who felt like she should have gotten it, a black girl named (deleted). And they called me as a witness. So I go in and uh, nothing big came of it. It's just that they were questioning me about how I found out about the job. And I said, 'Well, that personnel said it that it was a possibility there would be a position,' and then uh, 'they told me that it would be advertised in the newspaper. And it was and I pursued it from there. 
BC '“ Good for you. 
GF: Yeah. We had a little bit of a scare recently because she had a spot on an X-ray. And she went and had it checked again and it wasn't cancer. And it's been almost, it'll be two years in May that she's now diagnosed cancer free. My stepfather has been through two angioplasties, but he's doing good. And I am, I'm really, Bill what I'm afraid of is that if somebody in the press finds out that I'm working for the state. 
BC '“ Yeah. 
GF '“ They're going to make a big deal of it. 
BC '“ Yeah. 
GF '“ Well the only thing that concerns me, where I'm, where I'm concerned at this point is the state job. 
BC '“ Yeah. I never thought about that, but as long as you say you've just been looking for one, you'd uh, check on it. If they ever asked if you'd talked to me about it, you can say no.

ARTICLE

Democratic U.S. vice-presidential nominee Tim Kaine announced Saturday that he believes the Catholic Church will change its position on same-sex marriage. The Virginia senator said that just like he had changed his opinion on the issue, the Catholic Church is also likely to follow suit. Speaking at the 20th Annual Human Rights Campaign's National Dinner in Washington, the Roman Catholic senator reportedly said, 'I think it's going to change because my church also teaches me about a creator who, in the first chapter of Genesis, surveyed the entire world, including mankind, and said, 'It is very good.'' 
'And besides,' he continued, 'we are talking here about a country that was based and founded on democracy as a core value. By definition, that means that every single person and every single citizen is able '“ no, scratch that '“ encouraged to practice his civil, religious, and above all, sexual liberties to the best of their abilities. And I'm sorry that some people don't like it, but to deny same-sex marriage in a country that should be the first one to accept it is just pointless. And the Catholic Church should also be accepting it instead of condemning it, which is what it's doing right now.' 
Kaine also added that, if all else fails, 'there are ways of making the Catholic Church listen to the voice of reason,' which is how he dubbed all those who advocate LGBT equality. 'At the end of the day, you know, we're a civilized people, of course the first thing we'll do is act nicely and ask nicely,' he said. 'Then, if that doesn't work, we'll use our law and our legal system to enable ourselves to be who we are, or rather the LBGT community will do that '“ and it has. The Supreme Court's ruling on same-sex marriage was a crucial milestone in our legal system that proves it works, it actually functions.' 
'So, what I'm saying here,' he argued, 'is that, while I respect the Catholic Church as I'm sure millions of Americans do, you know, at some point it is going to start acting contrary to the Christian faith, and we're talking about an institution that's supposed to be the first one on the front line defending it. So, when that happens, and that's what's happening with condemning LGBT rights, we'll state an ultimatum. The United States of America, more precisely, the future President of the United States of America, Hillary Clinton, will state an ultimatum. And that ultimatum will be to either change its stance on same-sex marriage or pack its bags and get out of America. And yes '“ the President of the country can do that.' 
'And in case anybody's wondering '“ no, Donald Trump won't do the same because he doesn't care about anyone other than Donald Trump. On the other hand, Hillary Clinton is a shining example of honesty, integrity and democracy, and you can rest assured she will do everything in her power as the president to make sure gays and lesbians throughout America are loved, respected and viewed as equals during her presidential term. What happens after that is not our problem,' Kaine concluded.

ARTICLE

Hillary Clinton declared during NBC News's Commander-in-Chief forum that no lives were lost in Libya when she made the move to take out dictator Muammar Gaddafi. Even so, the former secretary of state did not mention the fact that 11 months later four Americans '“ including U.S. Ambassador Christopher Stevens '“ were killed in a terrorist attack in Benghazi that arose from the instability that the overthrow created. 
'That was one of the few situations in American foreign policy decision making processes where everybody came together to make sure we don't make the wrong move, and the operation was a success, even Donald Trump supported it,' Clinton argued. 'As with any operation of such magnitude, we had a few hiccups, but it was nothing out of the ordinary. As I've said, the operation was a success.' 
She continued, 'So much so, in fact, that I'm proud to say that no important people were lost through it all, and when I say that, I say it with the utmost respect for all those who had to give their lives on both sides so that Libyans could be freed from the iron fist of Gaddafi. It would have been unrealistic to expect 0 casualties; however, the overall toll did not exceed expectations, with the greater amount of damage being on the side of the enemy.' 
'Politics can be a cruel line of work. That being said, I stand before you here, today, and I am proud to say that giving democracy to a people that have not had any contact with it for generations is a wonderful thing that makes all of the sacrifices worth it. And while we're on the subject of sacrifices, thank God they did not include anyone important from the American delegation, including yours truly,' she said jokingly, causing the auditorium to laugh. 
She said, 'But all jokes aside, I have to pay homage to the CIA, who has once again performed outstandingly and saved the day. Its agents' work in the field is an immeasurable contribution and an asset that we would be wise to treasure for generations to come. If it hadn't been for them, we would not have been able to perform the operation so cleanly and with such little impact to the surrounding nations. I am proud that the United States of America has an intelligence agency such as the CIA.' 
'I'm sure many here among you disagree with my position that one embassy is a small price to pay, a bargain, if you will, when it comes to ridding the world of another dictator and a terrorist. I would also like to remind everyone here that that price would have gone up immeasurably if we had sat idly by and allowed Gaddafi to rage on and cause death and destruction throughout the region. For better of worse, we acted and I am convinced no other dictator will ever again think about cheating the CIA out of a deal. Because, in the words of a personal friend of mine, who is a former CIA spook '“ shutting down arms dealers is easy; finding trustworthy partners among nation heads is the hard part,' she concluded.

ARTICLE

An internal memo released Wednesday by WikiLeaks reveals how a longtime Clinton confidant played an "unorthodox" dual role '“ raising money for the Clinton Foundation and finding paid work for Bill Clinton, The Hill reports. 
The 12-page document written in 2011 by Doug Band of Teneo, a private consulting firm that raised millions for the foundation and also scouted out paid gigs for what was dubbed "Bill Clinton, Inc.", the Washington Examiner reports. 
In one instance, Band secured a $540,000 donation to the Clinton Foundation from banking giant UBS. He later arranged for Bill Clinton to give three paid speeches to the firm for a total of $900,000, The Hill reported. 
But in his memo, Band argues his double duties were "independent" of one another; the memo was written after Chelsea Clinton criticized Band's role within the family's network of interests, The Hill reports. 
"In the unique roles in which we have had the opportunity to serve, we have been able to help balance the multiplicity of activities that demand [Bill Clinton's] time and engagement to best fulfill his personal, political, business, official former President, and Foundation/non-profit goals," Band writes. 
According to The Hill, Teneo's overlapping responsibilities worried some in the Clintons' inner circle, and in one email published by WikiLeaks, Chelsea Clinton raised "serious concerns" with Teneo's liberal use of the Clinton name to court clients. 
Band lashed out, calling the former first daughter a meddlesome "spoiled brat" in one hacked email released by WikiLeaks. 
"We appreciate the unorthodox nature of our roles, and the goal of seeking ways to ensure we are implementing best practices to protect the [tax exempt] status of the Foundation," Band wrote in his memo to justify his role and bat back criticism, The Hill reports. 
Band co-founded Teneo with former State Department employee Declan Kelly while Hillary Clinton was secretary of state '“ and paid Bill Clinton as an adviser through 2012, The Hill reports. 
Band's memo lists several Teneo clients that he and Kelly "leveraged" into major donors for the foundation, and also details the personal introductions the two principals made between the Clintons and the prospective donors, The Hill reports. 
One that Kelly "cultivated" was Coca-Cola CEO Muhtar Kent, which led to seven-figure donations beginning in 2009. 
In a previous hacked email to Hillary Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta, Band worried the press might catch wind of his role and misconstrue it. 
"I'm starting to worry that if this story gets out, we are screwed," Band wrote. 
"[Kelly] and I built a business. Our business has almost nothing to do with the Clintons, the foundation or [the Clinton Global Initiative] in any way. The chairman of UBS could care a less [sic] about CGI." 
A week after Band sent his memo, Clinton lawyer Cheryl Mills sent a document to Podesta and Band laying out ways to unwind the former president's charitable and business interests '” all of which distanced Band from the foundation. 
In December 2011, the former president resigned his position on Teneo's advisory board, The Hill reports.

ARTICLE



It appears Bill and Hillary Clinton are making plans to flee the country in the event Donald Trump wins this election. Reports are circulating that the Clinton's have transferred 1.8 Billion dollars from the Clinton Foundation to the Qatar Central Bank via a facilitation/abatement of JP Morgan Chase & Company for reasons not revealed. 
This move of such a large sum of money to the country of Qatar says in itself Hillary Clinton knows she is going to lose the election, and she doesn't plan to allow her or Bill to be prosecuted for various high crimes and treason under a Trump Administration. 
The country of Qatar happens to be one of a handful of countries that does not have an extradition treaty with the United States, thus would be a perfect place for her to run to in escaping justice. 
Donald Trump has said many times during his campaign and at the Presidential debates that once he gets into office he intends to prosecute her on various high crimes from her latest crimes of sending classified material via a personal e-mail server to gun-running to terrorist groups in Syria resulting in the deaths of 4 Americans in Benghazi. 
Apparently, Hillary is not the only person in Washington who has made plans to escape justice under a Trump Administration, John Kerry has quietly been selling his property in the US for millions of dollars of late, with an announcement of the sale of his $25 million Nantucket mansion in June 2016 as well as the sale of his yacht for $3.9 million in July 2016. 
President Barack H Obama has also apparently been making exit plans with his purchase of a $4.9 million seaside mansion in Dubai in January 2016, another non extradition country. 
Snopes and other supposed fact checking sites have debunked both the story of Obama's purchase of the mansion and the firing of Rear Admiral Rick Williams, however over the last several months these sites have been busted for lying in trying to debunk such information as the before mentioned, when in fact the information is true. Snopes and other sites try their best to keep incriminating information from being believed, but the truth has a way of coming out on its own, as it always has. 
The Bush family has been quietly buying property as well with the purchase of 100,000 acres in Paraguay in 2006, yet another country good for the Bush family, since it does not allow extradition to any country if the death penalty is a possibility for the crime. If the corruption is found to go as far back as both of the Bush Administrations with any connections to them being the perpetrators of the events on 9-11, the death penalty would surely be a stipulation of any extradition request. Apparently, if things get going with prosecuting the corrupt and treasonous, the Bush's plan on getting out of the country as well. 
Interestingly, the Bush family's Nazi connections dating back to WWII seem to have played a part in the Paraguay purchase since most Nazis fled to South America after WWII. Since George H. W. Bush's father Senator Prescott Bush was director and shareholder in companies that were connected with institutions financially backing the Nazis, the Bush family has a long history of being associated with Nazis. 
With the movement of huge amounts of funds, selling millions of dollars in real estate, and the purchase of millions in real estate overseas, we are seeing the plans of the corrupt in Washington who have been ripping of our country in the trillions, murdering US citizens in the thousands, and citizens in foreign countries by the millions since 9-11 finally realizing their crimes against humanity is about to be exposed. 
We are also witnessing the change from what amounts to nothing more than a Nazi Dictatorship in Washington to an actual Presidential Administration who not only will look to the Constitution as the basis of all laws, but one who is going to prosecute the criminals in our government and return it to being a government by the people, for the people, and of the people of the USA. Not the Dictatorship over the people, to the people and who disregards the people as we now have in power.

ARTICLE

Email 

Sioux Falls, IA | During his 1992 presidential campaign, Bill Clinton allegedly had sexual intercourse with cattle off of Tom Brady's family dairy farm. 
The family farm which was owned by Tom Brady's father at the time, Willow Brady Jr., was often visited by the Clinton family when they were in the area. 
'My dad and Bill Clinton's step dad were like brothers. They often visited us on the holidays when I was a kid. Bill even knew the cows names by heart. That always surprised me' recalls the 64-year-old, third-generation dairy farmer. 
' My father was a strong Democratic party supporter all his life and a big Bill Clinton fan, so I never found the strength to tell him the truth before he passed away ' 
Sex, drugs and cattle 
During the 1992 Iowa caucus, the Clinton campaign stopped by for a night of festivities at the Brady's farm, a night Tom Brady says he will never forget. 
'The Clinton team came by and we drank a lot and all was merry before they started indulging in hard drugs, that's when everything went wrong' he recalls, visibly distraught by the whole affair. 
'I don't know about all those stories about him sexually assaulting women, but I sure as hell know he assaulted one of our cows because I was there and I saw him do it with my own eyes and believe me, it's not something I'd wish my worst enemy to live to see' he told local reporters. 
'I'm sorry for the Clinton family, but as a God-fearing Christian, I just had to let the truth be known' he adds. 
Bill Clinton has been personally accused publicly by seventeen women of sexual misconduct between 1972 and 1997. The former US President also admitted to having had an 'inappropriate relationship' with Monica Lewinsky while she worked at the White House in 1995 and 1996.

ARTICLE

Email 

Two Bill Clinton cronies used their private consulting firm to steer millions in business to the former president while raising funds for the Clinton Foundation '” and even called the arrangement 'Bill Clinton Inc.' 
Doug Band, a top Clinton aide, detailed the complex financial arrangement between his company, Teneo, and the foundation in a memo contained in hacked e-mails released Wednesday by WikiLeaks. 
'Teneo partners have raised in excess of $8 million for the foundation, more than $5.25 million of which is in the bank,' the memo reads. 
'Teneo partners also have generated over $3 million in paid speeches for President Clinton, $1.25 million of which has been paid to him thus far.' 
The consulting company was formed by Band and former State Department envoy Declan Kelly. The memo about its activities shows the incestuous relationship between the foundation and the private business interests of the former president. 
In one arrangement, Kelly introduced Bob McCann, the head of UBS Wealth Management, to Clinton at an event in 2009. 
After the meeting, McCann donated hundreds of thousands to the foundation while inviting Clinton to give several paid speeches. 
Another arrangement involved the Laureate Foundation, which donated more than $1 million to the Clinton Global Initiative. 
Laureate was a 'personal advisory services business,' the memo said, paying Clinton '$3.5'‰million annually to provide advice and serve as their honorary chairman.' 
The cozy relationship with the Clintons put the Baltimore-based Laureate at high-profile events with international players who could help it expand its reach around the globe. 
The Band memo also includes a section about 'For-Profit Activity of President Clinton (i.e., Bill Clinton Inc.).' 
Some of the speeches 'secured' by Teneo include two $450,000 addresses delivered to UBS in 2011 and 2012, as well as a commitment for three additional paid speeches, if he chose to give them. 
Another secured event was a $1 million fee for Clinton to speak at two one-hour sessions during an event in Hong Kong. The fee included $400,000 for a private plane. 
'Since 2001, President Clinton's business arrangements have yielded more than $30 million for him personally, with $66 million to be paid out over the next nine years should he choose to continue with the current engagements,' the memo reads. 
The relationship between Band and the donors was criticized harshly by daughter Chelsea Clinton in another e-mail. 
Chelsea specifically called out Band and Teneo for 'hustling'' business opportunities out of the foundation. 
'I continue to want '” and to try '” to disintermediate myself from this muddle, edify the corporate audit and existential process we are in '” while also being a responsible board member, daughter and person,' Chelsea wrote in the 2011 e-mail. 
The relationship between foundation donors and Hillary Clinton's State Department was raised through e-mails obtained by Citizens United in which top Hillary aide Huma Abedin appeared to vet donors' access to the Clintons based on their links to the CGI. 
In a December 2012 e-mail in which a CGI official asks for Band and a few others to meet with Hillary during a trip to Ireland, Abedin writes to Band, 'Are these legit cgi people?'

ARTICLE



Democratic Vice President Joe Biden wants American women to get back in the workforce to help boost the economy. 'If we just put all the women back to work, if they were able to afford childcare, we would increase the GDP in America by close to eight tenths of one percent,' he said. 'That's trillions of dollars over the next decade.' 
Biden made his remarks during a campaign event for Hillary Clinton at Chatham University in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania on Tuesday. 'The state of our economy could be characterized by a single word: pitiful,' he argued. 'We're still battling recession, I don't care what the official stats are saying, America is still in recession. And we're not doing anything about it.' 
He added that it was 'lazy American women' who brought about the downfall of the economy, because 'they sit around on their behinds, doing nothing and squandering their days away when they could be improving the country that has given so much to them.' 'I'm not sure how exactly we got to this point, but we're here and we need to move. Like, yesterday,' he said. 
'Mark my words and mark them well,' he addressed the crowd. 'Hillary Clinton is the only one who can force American women to go to work. This is true because of a number of reasons. First, she's a woman herself and not just any woman; she's a self-made woman. So you better believe what she's saying is true and has been tried and tested in practice plenty of times.' 
'Second, Hillary Clinton understands how difficult it can be to give up the status of a free-loader when your husband is the bread-winner of the household and the wife is expected to tend to the house, the children, make sure dinner is served and always be in the mood for marital duties. She's been all that and she's learned how to break free from it, the hard way, I might add,' Biden continued. 
'Today's women are pampered and aren't used to rolling up their sleeves and getting the job done on their own,' the vice president said. 'They're too dependent, too weak and too lazy to contribute to the economy. The reason for that is they've learned how to manipulate men by employing one of the most fundamental laws of economics: when a sought-after commodity becomes short in supply, the demand for it rises even higher.' 
'Now, that's all fine and dandy when it comes to their personal interests, but if you look at the big picture, it's the economy that's missing out on valuable workforce. And that's why we need to get them off their lazy behinds and get them into their workplaces. And like I said, Hillary Clinton is the only one who can do it, which is what makes her the ideal candidate for the next President of the United States. We need to heal this country, folks, not run it into the ground even deeper,' Biden concluded.

ARTICLE



REPUBLICAN PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE DONALD TRUMP SIGNALED THURSDAY PLANS TO SEEK NATIONWIDE CHANGES TO SCHOOL CURRICULA WITH THE GOAL OF 'PROMOTING AMERICAN PRIDE AND PATRIOTISM IN AMERICA'S SCHOOLS.' 
'In a Trump administration, I plan to work directly with the American Legion to uphold our common values and to help ensure they are taught to America's children,' Trump said, speaking at the American Legion's annual convention in Cincinnati. 
'We want our kids to learn the incredible achievements of America's history, its institutions and its heroes, many of whom are with us today,' he told the veterans group. 
The comments suggested a federal government intervention in the programs of locally run schools, which is prohibited under federal law'We will stop apologizing for America. And we will start celebrating America. We will be united by our common culture, values and principles, becoming one American nation, one country, under one Constitution, saluting one American flag, and always saluting it,' Trump said. 
Last year a Denver-area school board sought to change the content of the AP U.S. history course because some board members thought it failed to promote patriotism. 
That sparked a political proxy war in Jefferson County, Colorado, and the 2015 school board election drew nearly $1 million in campaign funding from outside interest groups. 
Public schools nationwide are funded by their local communities along with some state money. Most schools receive little federal funding. 
Current federal law prohibits the federal government from exercising 'any direction, supervision, or control over the curriculum, program of instruction, administration, or personnel of any educational institution, school, or school system.'

ARTICLE



Wednesday on 800 WVHU radio's 'The Tom Roten Morning Show,' Sen. Rand Paul (R-KY) said polls showing Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton with a lead over Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump were 'designed to suppress turnout.' 
Paul said 'You know, I think sometimes polling is done to dampen election turnout. So when Trump says the thing's rigged, I'm not sure exactly what he means and I'm not sure I always agree with him. But I do think that when we say over and over someone can't win, that is a form of rigging in the sense that it is designed to suppress turnout.' 
He added, 'The polls are put out, you know to make it either look closer than it is or to make it look like Democrats have a better chance. And I think it's done by design to try to dampen turnout.'

ARTICLE



According to a report by an Emirati media website, Emarat Al-Youm, Saudi ambassador to the UAE said in a press interview that any contact with Iran, Iraq, Syria, and Lebanon and even making telephone conversations with these countries' officials by the members of the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) states, should first be checked carefully and approved by the General-Secretariat of the organization in Riyadh.

ARTICLE



In a report published by Turkish newspaper Dailysabah, RecepTayyipErdoÄŸan said in a speech in 'Ä°negÃ¶l' city in the 'Bursa' Province of Turkey that he has evidence which shows John O. Brennan, Director of the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) and Bandar bin Sultan, the former director general of the Saudi Intelligence Agency had met in 2009 and they had agreed that US choose the leaders of terrorist groups in order to create an armed group for promoting terrorism to serve the interests of both countries in the region. 
Turkey president also told that President Obama is planning a scenario in cooperation with ISIS leaders to make US the winner of Mosul war in order to gain participants' votes in presidential election for Democrats, while we strive to defeat terrorists in a real battle to guarantee the secutity of turkey and the region.

ARTICLE


The Politico/Morning Consult Poll finds that 41 percent of voters think widespread voter fraud could cause the GOP nominee to lose the election. Amid Trump's increased warnings about a "rigged election," 73 percent of Republicans think the election could be stolen from him, compared to 17 percent of Democrats. 
Over the past week, Trump has cast doubt on the American electoral system, saying he believes the results will be "rigged" at many polling places. 
"The election is absolutely being rigged by the dishonest and distorted media pushing Crooked Hillary '” but also at many polling places '” SAD," Trump wrote on Twitter Sunday. 
Trump has also encouraged supporters to keep an eye on voting locations to prevent fraud, which some say is a ploy to intimidate voters. 
Trump is trailing Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton in the polls following sexual assault and harassment allegations from multiple women. 
The Politico/Morning Consult poll showed Clinton leading Trump by 5 points, 46 to 41 percent. 
In a RealClearPolitics polling average, Clinton leads Trump by 5.5 points, 47.7 to 42.2 percent. 
While Speaker Paul Ryan (R-Wis.) and even Trump's running mate, Indiana Gov. Mike Pence, have tried to reassure the electorate about the reliability of the election system, the poll released Monday found 60 percent of Americans think it is necessary to question the accuracy of the election results. 
The poll was conducted among 1,999 registered voters Oct. 13'“15 and has a margin of error of 2 percentage points.

ARTICLE


Hillary Clinton swiped State Department furniture to decorate her Washington home, a former member of her security detail has alleged to the FBI. 
'Early in Clinton's tenure as secretary of state, she and her staff were observed removing lamps and furniture from the State Department which were transported to her residence in Washington, DC,' an agent on the detail told the FBI. 
The agent 'does not know whether these items were ever returned to the government,' according to FBI notes. 
The agent was assigned to Clinton in 2009, at the start of her term, but was not on the detail when Clinton left in 2013. 
The accusations were part of 100 newly released pages of interview notes of the FBI investigation into Clinton's handling of classified material. 
The department flatly denied the latest charges, saying Clinton took home only property that she owned.

ARTICLE


Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton arranged a $12 million donation from Moroccan King Mohammed VI to her family's charity in 2014 in return for the Clinton Global Initiative hosting its international meeting in the North African Muslim nation, according to an email made public Thursday by Wikileaks. 
The Moroccan monarch's funds went to the Clinton Foundation's endowment and to CGI. The Jan. 18, 2015, email was included in Wikileaks' latest batch of communications to and from Clinton's presidential campaign chairman, John Podesta. 
The email from Huma Abedin, Clinton's Deputy Chief of Staff at the State Department, was addressed to Podesta and campaign manager Robby Mook. Hillary Clinton was a director of the foundation at the time. 
Singapore and Hong Kong officials reportedly were also vying to convene the CGI meeting in their countries, but the North African nation ultimately hosted it in a five-star hotel in Marrakesh, Morocco, in 2015. Abedin told Podesta and Mook that Morocco was not CGI's 'first choice.' 
The actual meeting was paid for by OCP, the Moroccan-government-owned mining company that has been accused of serious human rights violations. Clinton vigorously supported the Moroccan King when she was Secretary of State and the U.S.-financed Export-Import Bank gave OCP a $92 million loan guarantee during her tenure as Secretary of State. 
The mining company also contributed between $5 million to $10 million to the Clinton Foundation, according to the charity's web site.Abedin described the arrangement in the email as having been organized by her boss. Hillary Clinton 'created this mess and she knows it,' she told Podesta and Mook.She said the Moroccan deal was entirely dreamed up by her boss. 'This was HRC's idea, our office approached the Moroccans and they 100 percent believe they are doing this at her request. The King has personally committed approx. $12 million both for the endowment and to support the meeting.' HRC stands for Hillary Rodham Clinton. 
Abedin said Clinton's attendance at the CGI event was a condition of the $12 million contribution. 'Just to give you some context, the condition upon which the Moroccans agreed to host the meeting was her participation. If hrc was not part if it, meeting was a non-starter,' Abedin said. 
Politico in 2015 reported that Clinton 'was seen by Rabat as among its most ardent supporters in the Obama administration.' Rabat is the capital of Morocco. 
The Robert F. Kennedy Center for Justice charged OCP with 'serious human rights violations,' including exploitation of workers by not 'adequately compensating the impoverished people who live there.' 
Mohamed Yeslem Beisat, the Washington envoy for the Polisaro Front, as reported by AL-Monitor, a Middle East news site in 2015 that 'OCP is the first beneficiary of the war and the first beneficiary of the occupation '” it is the one that is cashing in on the misery of thousands of refugees and hundreds of political detainees for the past 40 years.' 
Polisaro claims to lead a Moroccan government-in-exile based in Tindouf, Algeria. 
'They're doing this because they know Hillary has some chances of being president of the United States. And they want her to support their brutal occupation of Western Sahara,' Beisat charged. 
The Moroccan firm mines phosphates. Human rights critics have called OCP's mining product 'blood phosphates,' appropriating the term 'blood diamonds' for gems mined in operations that kill and injure local workers 
OCP is not the only mining company linked to human rights violations that has donated to the Clinton Foundation. The foundation accepted a $100 million pledge from Lukas Lundin, who owns mining and oil drilling operations in North Africa and in the Congo. (RELATED: Clinton Foundation Got $100M From 'Blood Minerals' Firm) 
OCP retained the law firm of Covington & Burling, one of Washington's lobbying giants, paying the firm $1.4 million in fees from 2012 to 2015. 
Stuart Eizenstat, a former White House domestic policy chief under President Carter and an influential Democratic Party insider, was the main lobbyist for the mining firm. He was also President Bill Clinton's ambassador to the European Union, a Deputy Secretary of the Treasury and Under Secretary at the Department of Commerce. 
Eizenstat specialized in foreign trade issues at Commerce where he worked in the International Trade Administration. 
Hillary Clinton officially visited Morocco twice, in November 2009 and in February 2012, meeting with the King on both occasions. The two also met in New York in December 2013 where it was believed the two discussed Morocco's bid to host the CGI meeting and the King's $12 million donation. 
The Moroccan World News described the meeting as showing 'renewed friendship between the royal family and the Clinton family, as well as Hillary Clinton's esteem for Morocco and its people.' 
Abedin warned both campaign executives that if CGI decided to renege on the agreement, it would hurt Clinton's relationship with the King. 'It will break a lot of china to back out now,' she wrote. 
Ultimately, Clinton did not attend the meeting because it was close to the launch of her presidential campaign, but the former president and daughter Chelsea were present and during the conference were guests at one of the Moroccan King's palaces.

ARTICLE

Donald Trump warned in an interview Tuesday that Hillary Clinton's policies as president to address the Syrian conflict would lead to World War III, arguing the Democratic nominee would draw the US into armed confrontation with Russia, Syria and Iran. "What we should do is focus on ISIS. We should not be focusing on Syria," Trump told Reuters on Tuesday morning at his resort in Doral, Florida. "You're going to end up in World War III over Syria if we listen to Hillary Clinton." The Republican nominee, who has called for a rapprochement with Russia in order to jointly combat ISIS, argued that his Democratic rival's calls for taking a more aggressive posture in Syria to bring the conflict there to an end and combat ISIS will only draw the US into a larger war. Trump's remarks come as he trails Clinton in most national and key battleground state polls just two weeks from Election Day. "You're not fighting Syria anymore, you're fighting Syria, Russia and Iran, all right? Russia is a nuclear country, but a country where the nukes work as opposed to other countries that talk," he said. Trump: I'd 'love' to fight Biden Trump has not laid out a clear strategy for combating ISIS or addressing the globally destabilizing conflict in Syria, which has killed hundreds of thousands and pushed millions more to flee their homes. He has suggested the US should allow ISIS, anti-government rebels and the Syrian government to fight it out and more recently has focused on joining forces with Russia -- which has aided the Syrian regime in the bombing of civilians and US-allied rebels -- to combat ISIS. "Assad is secondary, to me, to ISIS," Trump told Reuters of the Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, whom US officials have argued must step down. Clinton has called for establishing a no-fly zone over Syria to help bring the five-year civil war to an end, a proposal top Republicans in Congress have championed, which President Barack Obama and others have opposed due to the risk of entering into conflict with Russia. A US-enforced no-fly zone would mean the US could shoot down a Russian jet should it enter Syrian airspace. Clinton addressed those concerns in the final presidential debate, arguing that it would "save lives and hasten the end of the conflict," while cautioning that "this would not be done just on the first day." "This would take a lot of negotiation and it would also take making it clear to the Russians and the Syrians that our purpose is to provide safe zones on the ground," Clinton said during the debate earlier this month. "I think we could strike a deal and make it very clear to the Russians and Syrians that this was something that we believe the best interests of the people on the ground in Syria. It would help us in the fight against ISIS." Trump has additionally called for establishing safe zones in Syria to protect civilians -- as has Clinton -- which could also put the US in conflict with the Syrian government or Russia should they oppose the policy. The Clinton campaign later Tuesday pushed back against Trump's rhetoric. "National security experts on both sides of the aisle have denounced Donald Trump as dangerously ill-prepared and temperamentally unfit to serve as commander-in-chief," Clinton spokesman Jesse Lehrich said. "Once again, he is parroting Putin's talking points and playing to Americans' fears, all while refusing to lay out any plans of his own for defeating ISIS or alleviating humanitarian suffering in Syria. Moreover, this incendiary attack is aimed at a policy that his own running mate, Mike Pence, strongly supports." Poll: Most see a Hillary Clinton victory and a fair count ahead While Clinton has accused Trump of being Putin's "puppet," Trump knocked Clinton for her criticism of the Russian strongman, asking, "How she is going to go back and negotiate with this man who she has made to be so evil." And just two days after he tied the successful enactment of his agenda as president to the election of Republican majorities in Congress, Trump also returned to his more typical complaints of a lack of Republican unity weighing down his candidacy. "If we had party unity, we couldn't lose this election to Hillary Clinton," he told Reuters. That complaint didn't put Trump in more of a bipartisan mood, though, as the Republican nominee also told Reuters he would not consider putting any Democrats in his cabinet -- a departure from recent presidents, who have sought to post at least one member of their rival party in a top administration post.

ARTICLE

President Barack Obama admonished Donald Trump Thursday, saying the Republican nominee's claims that he might not accept the results of next month's election are "not a joking matter." "I want everybody to pay attention here. This is dangerous," Obama said at a Hillary for America event in Miami Gardens, Florida. "Because when you try to sow the seeds of doubt in people's mind about the legitimacy of our elections, that undermines our democracy. Then you are doing the work of our adversaries for them." Obama also encouraged the crowd of about 1,800 at Florida Memorial University to take advantage of Florida's early voting, telling the audience in doing so they can reject what the President called Trump's "dark, pessimistic fear-mongering." "Our democracy depends on people knowing that their vote matters. That those who occupy the seats of power were chosen by the people," Obama said. On Wednesday night's debate Trump, answered, "I will look at it at the time," when asked whether he would concede if he loses on November 8. "I will keep you in suspense." Trump also doubled down on Thursday in Ohio saying he will accept the results of next month's election as long as wins. Obama also used the opportunity while in Florida to weigh in on the close Senate race in Florida between Republican Sen. Marco Rubio and his Democratic challenger, Rep. Patrick Murphy. "Even Marco Rubio says there's no rigging of the vote," Obama said, "Which I'd like to give credit for, except he's refuting the dangerous, unprecedented claims of a candidate he says he's still going to vote for!" Earlier this week, Obama released a new ad for the Democrat in the Sunshine State, the same week it was announced the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee was puling money for ads for Murphy.

ARTICLE


Donald Trump is again riling up his voting base with claims that the November election will be rigged against him. 
"Of course there is large scale voter fraud happening on and before election day," Trump tweeted Monday morning. "Why do Republican leaders deny what is going on? So naive!" 
It's a charge that even other Republicans have been quick to refute. Critics have called such talk potentially dangerous and detrimental to trust in the US democratic process. 
"States, backed by tens of thousands of GOP and DEM volunteers, ensure integrity of electoral process," Sen. Jeff Flake of Arizona, who is often sharply critical of Trump, tweeted Sunday. "Elections are not rigged." 
Jon Husted, the secretary of state of Ohio and the top election official in the key battleground state, also said Monday that he could assure Trump the election would not be rigged. 
Trump's most recent claims coincided with a plunge by him in the polls. Before now, Trump most recently made similar claims when his polls numbers were taking a dive in early August. 
"And I'm telling you, November 8, we'd better be careful, because that election is going to be rigged," the New York billionaire told Fox News host Sean Hannity in August. "And I hope the Republicans are watching closely or it's going to be taken away from us." 
Multiple Republicans told Business Insider at the time that Trump's assertion was both ludicrous and dangerous, as Trump would be the first US presidential candidate in modern times, possibly ever, to blame an election loss on voter fraud or a rigged election. 
Allen Raymond, a former GOP operative who was involved in the 2002 New Hampshire Senate election phone-jamming scandal, called Trump's continued insistence that the election would be rigged "detrimental to the Republic." 
"The idea that it's rigged, I don't know what he's talking about," he said in August. "I know someone that rigged elections. I mean, you know, the fact of the matter is Hillary Clinton doesn't need to rig this election. Trump's going to win Alabama and that's it. She doesn't have to do anything. It's painful to watch." 
Raymond wrote "How to Rig an Election: Confessions of a Republican Operative" as a tell-all about the attempt to rig the 2002 New Hampshire Senate election between then-Gov. Jeanne Shaheen, a Democrat, and Republican US Rep. John E. Sununu. Raymond said that attempted rigging was centered on jamming the phone lines at the New Hampshire Democrats office in Manchester '” a task his phone bank was hired to carry out. Sununu went on to win the election by roughly 20,000 votes. Shaheen defeated Sununu in a rematch in 2008. 
The operative served a brief prison sentence for his involvement.He said any attempts to rig an election would look similar to that '” not what Trump's talking about. 
The Manhattan billionaire told The Washington Post in August that a lack of voter-identification laws would let people "just keep voting and voting and voting" and suggested fraud occurred in 2012 against Republican nominee Mitt Romney because there were "precincts where there were practically nobody voting for the Republican." 
"I don't even know what he's talking about," Raymond said. "But this idea that it's 1950 or 1960 and the party bosses are going to roll into Pittsburgh and Philadelphia and are going to rig the ballot box and rig the machines '” that's nonsense. An election rigging these days means something totally different than what he's talking about. Now it's stupid stuff like what I did in New Hampshire." 
He said the lack of voter-ID laws Trump was trying to use as proof of fraud this fall was also bogus. 
"These voter-ID laws, what's the intention of that? The clear intention is disenfranchisement," he said, echoing a common complaint in liberal circles that voter-ID laws are put in place to prevent minority voting blocks from being able to cast ballots. "You know, there's a reason we don't have a poll tax anymore. Because it's unconstitutional. 
"People don't vote 10 times," he continued. "There might be one bad actor every once in a while who tries to vote a couple of times, but he's talking about an institutional effort. It's a total myth." 
He said Trump's statements were an attempt to "basically sideline" Hillary Clinton's first four years in office. 
The idea of a rigged election came to the forefront after the Democratic National Committee had its emails hacked and leaked, though both Trump and Sen. Bernie Sanders of Vermont, Clinton's main opponent in the Democratic primary, had claimed the electoral system was rigged earlier in the primary season. The emails showed that the organization, which was supposed to remain neutral throughout the primary, favored Clinton. 
Trump said the email leak proved that the primary election was "rigged" against Sanders in his early-August interview with Hannity, in addition to such claims he perpetuated along the campaign trail. He used the leak as further evidence that the fall election would be rigged against him as well.

ARTICLE


Leading Republican presidential hopeful suggests Israeli-Palestinian peace accord may be impossible: 'Sometimes agreements can't be made'After being asked by a voter at a Charleston, South Carolina, town hall event hosted by MSNBC about what steps he would take to broker an accommodation between the sides in the conflict, the GOP contender vowed to give it 'one hell of a shot' and called it 'probably the toughest agreement of any kind to make.'But when pressed by host Joe Scarborough over whether he ascribed fault to either Israelis or Palestinians over the failure to reach a lasting accord, Trump declined to take sides. 
'You know, I don't want to get into it, because '¦ If I win, I don't want to be in a position where I'm saying to you and the other side now says, 'We don't want Trump involved,'' Trump said. 
'Let me be sort of a neutral guy,' he continued. 'A lot of people have gone down in flames trying to make that deal. So I don't want to say whose fault is it. I don't think it helps.'Trump also expressed skepticism over the possibility of achieving a two-state solution, given the conditions of the conflict and the need for any agreement to be sustainable over time. 
'It's possible it's not makeable, because don't forget it has to last '” it's wonderful to make it and it doesn't work, but it has to last,' he said. 'To make lasting peace there? Probably the toughest deal of all, but I'm going to give it a shot.' 
Though he was not asked directly what he considers the most substantial obstacles standing in the way of a peace agreement, he suggested that growing hostility between the two peoples was contributing to the current stalemate, and what he considers the root of the conflict. 
'A lot of people say an agreement can't be made, which is okay. I mean, sometimes agreements can't be made. Not good, but, you know, you have both sides really, but one side in particular, growing up and learning that these are the worst people,' he said. 'I was with a very prominent Israeli the other day. He says it's impossible, because the other side has been trained from the time they're children to hate Jewish people.'In the past, Trump has questioned Israel's commitment to peace, while at the same time suggesting the Jewish state does not have a negotiating partner in the Palestinians. He has also called Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu 'a good friend.' 
At a presidential candidates forum hosted by the Republican Jewish Coalition in December 2015, the real estate magnate said, 'I don't know that Israel has the commitment to make it, and I don't know that the other side has the commitment to make it.' 
He made the same point in an interview with AP earlier that day: 'A lot will have to do with Israel and whether or not Israel wants to make the deal '” whether or not Israel's willing to sacrifice certain things,' he said. 'They may not be, and I understand that, and I'm okay with that. But then you're just not going to have a deal.' 
Trump's comments Wednesday came hours after a dramatic upset in polls saw Trump fall behind Texas Sen. Ted Cruz for the first time in 31 consecutive polls, coming in at 26% of registered Republican voters nationally, two points behind Cruz at 28%.

ARTICLE



Former President Bill Clinton can be heard telling his former mistress, Gennifer Flowers, to deny that he helped her get a state job in a series of recorded phone conversation from 1991. 
'If they ever asked if you'd talked to me about it, you can say no,' Clinton is heard saying in the recording. 
At the time, the media was making inquiries about Flowers' alleged affair with Clinton, and she was concerned that they may question how she got a job as administrative assistant for the Arkansas Appeal Tribunal. 
Clinton can also be heard telling Flowers how to handle a grievance filed by soemone else who applied for the same positioned and claimed she was more qualified than Flowers. 
Flowers famously recorded a series of conversation she had with Clinton from December 1990 to December 1991, while he was still Governor of Arkansas. The audio segments about the state job were widely reported in the 1990's, however, as other pay-for-play financial scandals have surfaced, the details may warrant revisiting. 

Here is a transcript of part of the recording: 
GF '“ But anyway, then Wednesday, there was a grievance filed in my office when I got the job by a girl who felt like she should have gotten it, a black girl named (deleted). And they called me as a witness. So I go in and uh, nothing big came of it. It's just that they were questioning me about how I found out about the job. And I said, 'Well, that personnel said it that it was a possibility there would be a position,' and then uh, 'they told me that it would be advertised in the newspaper. And it was and I pursued it from there. 
BC '“ Good for you. 
GF: Yeah. We had a little bit of a scare recently because she had a spot on an X-ray. And she went and had it checked again and it wasn't cancer. And it's been almost, it'll be two years in May that she's now diagnosed cancer free. My stepfather has been through two angioplasties, but he's doing good. And I am, I'm really, Bill what I'm afraid of is that if somebody in the press finds out that I'm working for the state. 
BC '“ Yeah. 
GF '“ They're going to make a big deal of it. 
BC '“ Yeah. 
GF '“ Well the only thing that concerns me, where I'm, where I'm concerned at this point is the state job. 
BC '“ Yeah. I never thought about that, but as long as you say you've just been looking for one, you'd uh, check on it. If they ever asked if you'd talked to me about it, you can say no.

ARTICLE



Democratic U.S. vice-presidential nominee Tim Kaine announced Saturday that he believes the Catholic Church will change its position on same-sex marriage. The Virginia senator said that just like he had changed his opinion on the issue, the Catholic Church is also likely to follow suit. Speaking at the 20th Annual Human Rights Campaign's National Dinner in Washington, the Roman Catholic senator reportedly said, 'I think it's going to change because my church also teaches me about a creator who, in the first chapter of Genesis, surveyed the entire world, including mankind, and said, 'It is very good.'' 
'And besides,' he continued, 'we are talking here about a country that was based and founded on democracy as a core value. By definition, that means that every single person and every single citizen is able '“ no, scratch that '“ encouraged to practice his civil, religious, and above all, sexual liberties to the best of their abilities. And I'm sorry that some people don't like it, but to deny same-sex marriage in a country that should be the first one to accept it is just pointless. And the Catholic Church should also be accepting it instead of condemning it, which is what it's doing right now.' 
Kaine also added that, if all else fails, 'there are ways of making the Catholic Church listen to the voice of reason,' which is how he dubbed all those who advocate LGBT equality. 'At the end of the day, you know, we're a civilized people, of course the first thing we'll do is act nicely and ask nicely,' he said. 'Then, if that doesn't work, we'll use our law and our legal system to enable ourselves to be who we are, or rather the LBGT community will do that '“ and it has. The Supreme Court's ruling on same-sex marriage was a crucial milestone in our legal system that proves it works, it actually functions.' 
'So, what I'm saying here,' he argued, 'is that, while I respect the Catholic Church as I'm sure millions of Americans do, you know, at some point it is going to start acting contrary to the Christian faith, and we're talking about an institution that's supposed to be the first one on the front line defending it. So, when that happens, and that's what's happening with condemning LGBT rights, we'll state an ultimatum. The United States of America, more precisely, the future President of the United States of America, Hillary Clinton, will state an ultimatum. And that ultimatum will be to either change its stance on same-sex marriage or pack its bags and get out of America. And yes '“ the President of the country can do that.' 
'And in case anybody's wondering '“ no, Donald Trump won't do the same because he doesn't care about anyone other than Donald Trump. On the other hand, Hillary Clinton is a shining example of honesty, integrity and democracy, and you can rest assured she will do everything in her power as the president to make sure gays and lesbians throughout America are loved, respected and viewed as equals during her presidential term. What happens after that is not our problem,' Kaine concluded.

ARTICLE

Email 

An internal memo released Wednesday by WikiLeaks reveals how a longtime Clinton confidant played an "unorthodox" dual role '“ raising money for the Clinton Foundation and finding paid work for Bill Clinton, The Hill reports. 
The 12-page document written in 2011 by Doug Band of Teneo, a private consulting firm that raised millions for the foundation and also scouted out paid gigs for what was dubbed "Bill Clinton, Inc.", the Washington Examiner reports. 
In one instance, Band secured a $540,000 donation to the Clinton Foundation from banking giant UBS. He later arranged for Bill Clinton to give three paid speeches to the firm for a total of $900,000, The Hill reported. 
But in his memo, Band argues his double duties were "independent" of one another; the memo was written after Chelsea Clinton criticized Band's role within the family's network of interests, The Hill reports. 
"In the unique roles in which we have had the opportunity to serve, we have been able to help balance the multiplicity of activities that demand [Bill Clinton's] time and engagement to best fulfill his personal, political, business, official former President, and Foundation/non-profit goals," Band writes. 
According to The Hill, Teneo's overlapping responsibilities worried some in the Clintons' inner circle, and in one email published by WikiLeaks, Chelsea Clinton raised "serious concerns" with Teneo's liberal use of the Clinton name to court clients. 
Band lashed out, calling the former first daughter a meddlesome "spoiled brat" in one hacked email released by WikiLeaks. 
"We appreciate the unorthodox nature of our roles, and the goal of seeking ways to ensure we are implementing best practices to protect the [tax exempt] status of the Foundation," Band wrote in his memo to justify his role and bat back criticism, The Hill reports. 
Band co-founded Teneo with former State Department employee Declan Kelly while Hillary Clinton was secretary of state '“ and paid Bill Clinton as an adviser through 2012, The Hill reports. 
Band's memo lists several Teneo clients that he and Kelly "leveraged" into major donors for the foundation, and also details the personal introductions the two principals made between the Clintons and the prospective donors, The Hill reports. 
One that Kelly "cultivated" was Coca-Cola CEO Muhtar Kent, which led to seven-figure donations beginning in 2009. 
In a previous hacked email to Hillary Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta, Band worried the press might catch wind of his role and misconstrue it. 
"I'm starting to worry that if this story gets out, we are screwed," Band wrote. 
"[Kelly] and I built a business. Our business has almost nothing to do with the Clintons, the foundation or [the Clinton Global Initiative] in any way. The chairman of UBS could care a less [sic] about CGI." 
A week after Band sent his memo, Clinton lawyer Cheryl Mills sent a document to Podesta and Band laying out ways to unwind the former president's charitable and business interests '” all of which distanced Band from the foundation. 
In December 2011, the former president resigned his position on Teneo's advisory board, The Hill reports.

ARTICLE



It appears Bill and Hillary Clinton are making plans to flee the country in the event Donald Trump wins this election. Reports are circulating that the Clinton's have transferred 1.8 Billion dollars from the Clinton Foundation to the Qatar Central Bank via a facilitation/abatement of JP Morgan Chase & Company for reasons not revealed. 
This move of such a large sum of money to the country of Qatar says in itself Hillary Clinton knows she is going to lose the election, and she doesn't plan to allow her or Bill to be prosecuted for various high crimes and treason under a Trump Administration. 
The country of Qatar happens to be one of a handful of countries that does not have an extradition treaty with the United States, thus would be a perfect place for her to run to in escaping justice. 
Donald Trump has said many times during his campaign and at the Presidential debates that once he gets into office he intends to prosecute her on various high crimes from her latest crimes of sending classified material via a personal e-mail server to gun-running to terrorist groups in Syria resulting in the deaths of 4 Americans in Benghazi. 
Apparently, Hillary is not the only person in Washington who has made plans to escape justice under a Trump Administration, John Kerry has quietly been selling his property in the US for millions of dollars of late, with an announcement of the sale of his $25 million Nantucket mansion in June 2016 as well as the sale of his yacht for $3.9 million in July 2016. 
President Barack H Obama has also apparently been making exit plans with his purchase of a $4.9 million seaside mansion in Dubai in January 2016, another non extradition country. 
Snopes and other supposed fact checking sites have debunked both the story of Obama's purchase of the mansion and the firing of Rear Admiral Rick Williams, however over the last several months these sites have been busted for lying in trying to debunk such information as the before mentioned, when in fact the information is true. Snopes and other sites try their best to keep incriminating information from being believed, but the truth has a way of coming out on its own, as it always has. 
The Bush family has been quietly buying property as well with the purchase of 100,000 acres in Paraguay in 2006, yet another country good for the Bush family, since it does not allow extradition to any country if the death penalty is a possibility for the crime. If the corruption is found to go as far back as both of the Bush Administrations with any connections to them being the perpetrators of the events on 9-11, the death penalty would surely be a stipulation of any extradition request. Apparently, if things get going with prosecuting the corrupt and treasonous, the Bush's plan on getting out of the country as well. 
Interestingly, the Bush family's Nazi connections dating back to WWII seem to have played a part in the Paraguay purchase since most Nazis fled to South America after WWII. Since George H. W. Bush's father Senator Prescott Bush was director and shareholder in companies that were connected with institutions financially backing the Nazis, the Bush family has a long history of being associated with Nazis. 
With the movement of huge amounts of funds, selling millions of dollars in real estate, and the purchase of millions in real estate overseas, we are seeing the plans of the corrupt in Washington who have been ripping of our country in the trillions, murdering US citizens in the thousands, and citizens in foreign countries by the millions since 9-11 finally realizing their crimes against humanity is about to be exposed. 
We are also witnessing the change from what amounts to nothing more than a Nazi Dictatorship in Washington to an actual Presidential Administration who not only will look to the Constitution as the basis of all laws, but one who is going to prosecute the criminals in our government and return it to being a government by the people, for the people, and of the people of the USA. Not the Dictatorship over the people, to the people and who disregards the people as we now have in power.

ARTICLE

Email 

Sioux Falls, IA | During his 1992 presidential campaign, Bill Clinton allegedly had sexual intercourse with cattle off of Tom Brady's family dairy farm. 
The family farm which was owned by Tom Brady's father at the time, Willow Brady Jr., was often visited by the Clinton family when they were in the area. 
'My dad and Bill Clinton's step dad were like brothers. They often visited us on the holidays when I was a kid. Bill even knew the cows names by heart. That always surprised me' recalls the 64-year-old, third-generation dairy farmer. 
' My father was a strong Democratic party supporter all his life and a big Bill Clinton fan, so I never found the strength to tell him the truth before he passed away ' 
Sex, drugs and cattle 
During the 1992 Iowa caucus, the Clinton campaign stopped by for a night of festivities at the Brady's farm, a night Tom Brady says he will never forget. 
'The Clinton team came by and we drank a lot and all was merry before they started indulging in hard drugs, that's when everything went wrong' he recalls, visibly distraught by the whole affair. 
'I don't know about all those stories about him sexually assaulting women, but I sure as hell know he assaulted one of our cows because I was there and I saw him do it with my own eyes and believe me, it's not something I'd wish my worst enemy to live to see' he told local reporters. 
'I'm sorry for the Clinton family, but as a God-fearing Christian, I just had to let the truth be known' he adds. 
Bill Clinton has been personally accused publicly by seventeen women of sexual misconduct between 1972 and 1997. The former US President also admitted to having had an 'inappropriate relationship' with Monica Lewinsky while she worked at the White House in 1995 and 1996.

ARTICLE

Email 

Two Bill Clinton cronies used their private consulting firm to steer millions in business to the former president while raising funds for the Clinton Foundation '” and even called the arrangement 'Bill Clinton Inc.' 
Doug Band, a top Clinton aide, detailed the complex financial arrangement between his company, Teneo, and the foundation in a memo contained in hacked e-mails released Wednesday by WikiLeaks. 
'Teneo partners have raised in excess of $8 million for the foundation, more than $5.25 million of which is in the bank,' the memo reads. 
'Teneo partners also have generated over $3 million in paid speeches for President Clinton, $1.25 million of which has been paid to him thus far.' 
The consulting company was formed by Band and former State Department envoy Declan Kelly. The memo about its activities shows the incestuous relationship between the foundation and the private business interests of the former president. 
In one arrangement, Kelly introduced Bob McCann, the head of UBS Wealth Management, to Clinton at an event in 2009. 
After the meeting, McCann donated hundreds of thousands to the foundation while inviting Clinton to give several paid speeches. 
Another arrangement involved the Laureate Foundation, which donated more than $1 million to the Clinton Global Initiative. 
Laureate was a 'personal advisory services business,' the memo said, paying Clinton '$3.5'‰million annually to provide advice and serve as their honorary chairman.' 
The cozy relationship with the Clintons put the Baltimore-based Laureate at high-profile events with international players who could help it expand its reach around the globe. 
The Band memo also includes a section about 'For-Profit Activity of President Clinton (i.e., Bill Clinton Inc.).' 
Some of the speeches 'secured' by Teneo include two $450,000 addresses delivered to UBS in 2011 and 2012, as well as a commitment for three additional paid speeches, if he chose to give them. 
Another secured event was a $1 million fee for Clinton to speak at two one-hour sessions during an event in Hong Kong. The fee included $400,000 for a private plane. 
'Since 2001, President Clinton's business arrangements have yielded more than $30 million for him personally, with $66 million to be paid out over the next nine years should he choose to continue with the current engagements,' the memo reads. 
The relationship between Band and the donors was criticized harshly by daughter Chelsea Clinton in another e-mail. 
Chelsea specifically called out Band and Teneo for 'hustling'' business opportunities out of the foundation. 
'I continue to want '” and to try '” to disintermediate myself from this muddle, edify the corporate audit and existential process we are in '” while also being a responsible board member, daughter and person,' Chelsea wrote in the 2011 e-mail. 
The relationship between foundation donors and Hillary Clinton's State Department was raised through e-mails obtained by Citizens United in which top Hillary aide Huma Abedin appeared to vet donors' access to the Clintons based on their links to the CGI. 
In a December 2012 e-mail in which a CGI official asks for Band and a few others to meet with Hillary during a trip to Ireland, Abedin writes to Band, 'Are these legit cgi people?'

ARTICLE



Democratic Vice President Joe Biden wants American women to get back in the workforce to help boost the economy. 'If we just put all the women back to work, if they were able to afford childcare, we would increase the GDP in America by close to eight tenths of one percent,' he said. 'That's trillions of dollars over the next decade.' 
Biden made his remarks during a campaign event for Hillary Clinton at Chatham University in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania on Tuesday. 'The state of our economy could be characterized by a single word: pitiful,' he argued. 'We're still battling recession, I don't care what the official stats are saying, America is still in recession. And we're not doing anything about it.' 
He added that it was 'lazy American women' who brought about the downfall of the economy, because 'they sit around on their behinds, doing nothing and squandering their days away when they could be improving the country that has given so much to them.' 'I'm not sure how exactly we got to this point, but we're here and we need to move. Like, yesterday,' he said. 
'Mark my words and mark them well,' he addressed the crowd. 'Hillary Clinton is the only one who can force American women to go to work. This is true because of a number of reasons. First, she's a woman herself and not just any woman; she's a self-made woman. So you better believe what she's saying is true and has been tried and tested in practice plenty of times.' 
'Second, Hillary Clinton understands how difficult it can be to give up the status of a free-loader when your husband is the bread-winner of the household and the wife is expected to tend to the house, the children, make sure dinner is served and always be in the mood for marital duties. She's been all that and she's learned how to break free from it, the hard way, I might add,' Biden continued. 
'Today's women are pampered and aren't used to rolling up their sleeves and getting the job done on their own,' the vice president said. 'They're too dependent, too weak and too lazy to contribute to the economy. The reason for that is they've learned how to manipulate men by employing one of the most fundamental laws of economics: when a sought-after commodity becomes short in supply, the demand for it rises even higher.' 
'Now, that's all fine and dandy when it comes to their personal interests, but if you look at the big picture, it's the economy that's missing out on valuable workforce. And that's why we need to get them off their lazy behinds and get them into their workplaces. And like I said, Hillary Clinton is the only one who can do it, which is what makes her the ideal candidate for the next President of the United States. We need to heal this country, folks, not run it into the ground even deeper,' Biden concluded.

ARTICLE



REPUBLICAN PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE DONALD TRUMP SIGNALED THURSDAY PLANS TO SEEK NATIONWIDE CHANGES TO SCHOOL CURRICULA WITH THE GOAL OF 'PROMOTING AMERICAN PRIDE AND PATRIOTISM IN AMERICA'S SCHOOLS.' 
'In a Trump administration, I plan to work directly with the American Legion to uphold our common values and to help ensure they are taught to America's children,' Trump said, speaking at the American Legion's annual convention in Cincinnati. 
'We want our kids to learn the incredible achievements of America's history, its institutions and its heroes, many of whom are with us today,' he told the veterans group. 
The comments suggested a federal government intervention in the programs of locally run schools, which is prohibited under federal law'We will stop apologizing for America. And we will start celebrating America. We will be united by our common culture, values and principles, becoming one American nation, one country, under one Constitution, saluting one American flag, and always saluting it,' Trump said. 
Last year a Denver-area school board sought to change the content of the AP U.S. history course because some board members thought it failed to promote patriotism. 
That sparked a political proxy war in Jefferson County, Colorado, and the 2015 school board election drew nearly $1 million in campaign funding from outside interest groups. 
Public schools nationwide are funded by their local communities along with some state money. Most schools receive little federal funding. 
Current federal law prohibits the federal government from exercising 'any direction, supervision, or control over the curriculum, program of instruction, administration, or personnel of any educational institution, school, or school system.'

ARTICLE

Email 

Wednesday on 800 WVHU radio's 'The Tom Roten Morning Show,' Sen. Rand Paul (R-KY) said polls showing Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton with a lead over Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump were 'designed to suppress turnout.' 
Paul said 'You know, I think sometimes polling is done to dampen election turnout. So when Trump says the thing's rigged, I'm not sure exactly what he means and I'm not sure I always agree with him. But I do think that when we say over and over someone can't win, that is a form of rigging in the sense that it is designed to suppress turnout.' 
He added, 'The polls are put out, you know to make it either look closer than it is or to make it look like Democrats have a better chance. And I think it's done by design to try to dampen turnout.'

ARTICLE



According to a report by an Emirati media website, Emarat Al-Youm, Saudi ambassador to the UAE said in a press interview that any contact with Iran, Iraq, Syria, and Lebanon and even making telephone conversations with these countries' officials by the members of the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) states, should first be checked carefully and approved by the General-Secretariat of the organization in Riyadh.

ARTICLE

Email 
The Politico/Morning Consult Poll finds that 41 percent of voters think widespread voter fraud could cause the GOP nominee to lose the election. Amid Trump's increased warnings about a "rigged election," 73 percent of Republicans think the election could be stolen from him, compared to 17 percent of Democrats. 
Over the past week, Trump has cast doubt on the American electoral system, saying he believes the results will be "rigged" at many polling places. 
"The election is absolutely being rigged by the dishonest and distorted media pushing Crooked Hillary '” but also at many polling places '” SAD," Trump wrote on Twitter Sunday. 
Trump has also encouraged supporters to keep an eye on voting locations to prevent fraud, which some say is a ploy to intimidate voters. 
Trump is trailing Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton in the polls following sexual assault and harassment allegations from multiple women. 
The Politico/Morning Consult poll showed Clinton leading Trump by 5 points, 46 to 41 percent. 
In a RealClearPolitics polling average, Clinton leads Trump by 5.5 points, 47.7 to 42.2 percent. 
While Speaker Paul Ryan (R-Wis.) and even Trump's running mate, Indiana Gov. Mike Pence, have tried to reassure the electorate about the reliability of the election system, the poll released Monday found 60 percent of Americans think it is necessary to question the accuracy of the election results. 
The poll was conducted among 1,999 registered voters Oct. 13'“15 and has a margin of error of 2 percentage points.

ARTICLE


Hillary Clinton swiped State Department furniture to decorate her Washington home, a former member of her security detail has alleged to the FBI. 
'Early in Clinton's tenure as secretary of state, she and her staff were observed removing lamps and furniture from the State Department which were transported to her residence in Washington, DC,' an agent on the detail told the FBI. 
The agent 'does not know whether these items were ever returned to the government,' according to FBI notes. 
The agent was assigned to Clinton in 2009, at the start of her term, but was not on the detail when Clinton left in 2013. 
The accusations were part of 100 newly released pages of interview notes of the FBI investigation into Clinton's handling of classified material. 
The department flatly denied the latest charges, saying Clinton took home only property that she owned.

ARTICLE

Email 
Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton arranged a $12 million donation from Moroccan King Mohammed VI to her family's charity in 2014 in return for the Clinton Global Initiative hosting its international meeting in the North African Muslim nation, according to an email made public Thursday by Wikileaks. 
The Moroccan monarch's funds went to the Clinton Foundation's endowment and to CGI. The Jan. 18, 2015, email was included in Wikileaks' latest batch of communications to and from Clinton's presidential campaign chairman, John Podesta. 
The email from Huma Abedin, Clinton's Deputy Chief of Staff at the State Department, was addressed to Podesta and campaign manager Robby Mook. Hillary Clinton was a director of the foundation at the time. 
Singapore and Hong Kong officials reportedly were also vying to convene the CGI meeting in their countries, but the North African nation ultimately hosted it in a five-star hotel in Marrakesh, Morocco, in 2015. Abedin told Podesta and Mook that Morocco was not CGI's 'first choice.' 
The actual meeting was paid for by OCP, the Moroccan-government-owned mining company that has been accused of serious human rights violations. Clinton vigorously supported the Moroccan King when she was Secretary of State and the U.S.-financed Export-Import Bank gave OCP a $92 million loan guarantee during her tenure as Secretary of State. 
The mining company also contributed between $5 million to $10 million to the Clinton Foundation, according to the charity's web site.Abedin described the arrangement in the email as having been organized by her boss. Hillary Clinton 'created this mess and she knows it,' she told Podesta and Mook.She said the Moroccan deal was entirely dreamed up by her boss. 'This was HRC's idea, our office approached the Moroccans and they 100 percent believe they are doing this at her request. The King has personally committed approx. $12 million both for the endowment and to support the meeting.' HRC stands for Hillary Rodham Clinton. 
Abedin said Clinton's attendance at the CGI event was a condition of the $12 million contribution. 'Just to give you some context, the condition upon which the Moroccans agreed to host the meeting was her participation. If hrc was not part if it, meeting was a non-starter,' Abedin said. 
Politico in 2015 reported that Clinton 'was seen by Rabat as among its most ardent supporters in the Obama administration.' Rabat is the capital of Morocco. 
The Robert F. Kennedy Center for Justice charged OCP with 'serious human rights violations,' including exploitation of workers by not 'adequately compensating the impoverished people who live there.' 
Mohamed Yeslem Beisat, the Washington envoy for the Polisaro Front, as reported by AL-Monitor, a Middle East news site in 2015 that 'OCP is the first beneficiary of the war and the first beneficiary of the occupation '” it is the one that is cashing in on the misery of thousands of refugees and hundreds of political detainees for the past 40 years.' 
Polisaro claims to lead a Moroccan government-in-exile based in Tindouf, Algeria. 
'They're doing this because they know Hillary has some chances of being president of the United States. And they want her to support their brutal occupation of Western Sahara,' Beisat charged. 
The Moroccan firm mines phosphates. Human rights critics have called OCP's mining product 'blood phosphates,' appropriating the term 'blood diamonds' for gems mined in operations that kill and injure local workers 
OCP is not the only mining company linked to human rights violations that has donated to the Clinton Foundation. The foundation accepted a $100 million pledge from Lukas Lundin, who owns mining and oil drilling operations in North Africa and in the Congo. (RELATED: Clinton Foundation Got $100M From 'Blood Minerals' Firm) 
OCP retained the law firm of Covington & Burling, one of Washington's lobbying giants, paying the firm $1.4 million in fees from 2012 to 2015. 
Stuart Eizenstat, a former White House domestic policy chief under President Carter and an influential Democratic Party insider, was the main lobbyist for the mining firm. He was also President Bill Clinton's ambassador to the European Union, a Deputy Secretary of the Treasury and Under Secretary at the Department of Commerce. 
Eizenstat specialized in foreign trade issues at Commerce where he worked in the International Trade Administration. 
Hillary Clinton officially visited Morocco twice, in November 2009 and in February 2012, meeting with the King on both occasions. The two also met in New York in December 2013 where it was believed the two discussed Morocco's bid to host the CGI meeting and the King's $12 million donation. 
The Moroccan World News described the meeting as showing 'renewed friendship between the royal family and the Clinton family, as well as Hillary Clinton's esteem for Morocco and its people.' 
Abedin warned both campaign executives that if CGI decided to renege on the agreement, it would hurt Clinton's relationship with the King. 'It will break a lot of china to back out now,' she wrote. 
Ultimately, Clinton did not attend the meeting because it was close to the launch of her presidential campaign, but the former president and daughter Chelsea were present and during the conference were guests at one of the Moroccan King's palaces.

ARTICLE

 Donald Trump warned in an interview Tuesday that Hillary Clinton's policies as president to address the Syrian conflict would lead to World War III, arguing the Democratic nominee would draw the US into armed confrontation with Russia, Syria and Iran. "What we should do is focus on ISIS. We should not be focusing on Syria," Trump told Reuters on Tuesday morning at his resort in Doral, Florida. "You're going to end up in World War III over Syria if we listen to Hillary Clinton." The Republican nominee, who has called for a rapprochement with Russia in order to jointly combat ISIS, argued that his Democratic rival's calls for taking a more aggressive posture in Syria to bring the conflict there to an end and combat ISIS will only draw the US into a larger war. Trump's remarks come as he trails Clinton in most national and key battleground state polls just two weeks from Election Day. "You're not fighting Syria anymore, you're fighting Syria, Russia and Iran, all right? Russia is a nuclear country, but a country where the nukes work as opposed to other countries that talk," he said. Trump: I'd 'love' to fight Biden Trump has not laid out a clear strategy for combating ISIS or addressing the globally destabilizing conflict in Syria, which has killed hundreds of thousands and pushed millions more to flee their homes. He has suggested the US should allow ISIS, anti-government rebels and the Syrian government to fight it out and more recently has focused on joining forces with Russia -- which has aided the Syrian regime in the bombing of civilians and US-allied rebels -- to combat ISIS. "Assad is secondary, to me, to ISIS," Trump told Reuters of the Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, whom US officials have argued must step down. Clinton has called for establishing a no-fly zone over Syria to help bring the five-year civil war to an end, a proposal top Republicans in Congress have championed, which President Barack Obama and others have opposed due to the risk of entering into conflict with Russia. A US-enforced no-fly zone would mean the US could shoot down a Russian jet should it enter Syrian airspace. Clinton addressed those concerns in the final presidential debate, arguing that it would "save lives and hasten the end of the conflict," while cautioning that "this would not be done just on the first day." "This would take a lot of negotiation and it would also take making it clear to the Russians and the Syrians that our purpose is to provide safe zones on the ground," Clinton said during the debate earlier this month. "I think we could strike a deal and make it very clear to the Russians and Syrians that this was something that we believe the best interests of the people on the ground in Syria. It would help us in the fight against ISIS." Trump has additionally called for establishing safe zones in Syria to protect civilians -- as has Clinton -- which could also put the US in conflict with the Syrian government or Russia should they oppose the policy. The Clinton campaign later Tuesday pushed back against Trump's rhetoric. "National security experts on both sides of the aisle have denounced Donald Trump as dangerously ill-prepared and temperamentally unfit to serve as commander-in-chief," Clinton spokesman Jesse Lehrich said. "Once again, he is parroting Putin's talking points and playing to Americans' fears, all while refusing to lay out any plans of his own for defeating ISIS or alleviating humanitarian suffering in Syria. Moreover, this incendiary attack is aimed at a policy that his own running mate, Mike Pence, strongly supports." Poll: Most see a Hillary Clinton victory and a fair count ahead While Clinton has accused Trump of being Putin's "puppet," Trump knocked Clinton for her criticism of the Russian strongman, asking, "How she is going to go back and negotiate with this man who she has made to be so evil." And just two days after he tied the successful enactment of his agenda as president to the election of Republican majorities in Congress, Trump also returned to his more typical complaints of a lack of Republican unity weighing down his candidacy. "If we had party unity, we couldn't lose this election to Hillary Clinton," he told Reuters. That complaint didn't put Trump in more of a bipartisan mood, though, as the Republican nominee also told Reuters he would not consider putting any Democrats in his cabinet -- a departure from recent presidents, who have sought to post at least one member of their rival party in a top administration post.

ARTICLE

l President Barack Obama admonished Donald Trump Thursday, saying the Republican nominee's claims that he might not accept the results of next month's election are "not a joking matter." "I want everybody to pay attention here. This is dangerous," Obama said at a Hillary for America event in Miami Gardens, Florida. "Because when you try to sow the seeds of doubt in people's mind about the legitimacy of our elections, that undermines our democracy. Then you are doing the work of our adversaries for them." Obama also encouraged the crowd of about 1,800 at Florida Memorial University to take advantage of Florida's early voting, telling the audience in doing so they can reject what the President called Trump's "dark, pessimistic fear-mongering." "Our democracy depends on people knowing that their vote matters. That those who occupy the seats of power were chosen by the people," Obama said. On Wednesday night's debate Trump, answered, "I will look at it at the time," when asked whether he would concede if he loses on November 8. "I will keep you in suspense." Trump also doubled down on Thursday in Ohio saying he will accept the results of next month's election as long as wins. Obama also used the opportunity while in Florida to weigh in on the close Senate race in Florida between Republican Sen. Marco Rubio and his Democratic challenger, Rep. Patrick Murphy. "Even Marco Rubio says there's no rigging of the vote," Obama said, "Which I'd like to give credit for, except he's refuting the dangerous, unprecedented claims of a candidate he says he's still going to vote for!" Earlier this week, Obama released a new ad for the Democrat in the Sunshine State, the same week it was announced the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee was puling money for ads for Murphy.

ARTICLE


Donald Trump is again riling up his voting base with claims that the November election will be rigged against him. 
"Of course there is large scale voter fraud happening on and before election day," Trump tweeted Monday morning. "Why do Republican leaders deny what is going on? So naive!" 
It's a charge that even other Republicans have been quick to refute. Critics have called such talk potentially dangerous and detrimental to trust in the US democratic process. 
"States, backed by tens of thousands of GOP and DEM volunteers, ensure integrity of electoral process," Sen. Jeff Flake of Arizona, who is often sharply critical of Trump, tweeted Sunday. "Elections are not rigged." 
Jon Husted, the secretary of state of Ohio and the top election official in the key battleground state, also said Monday that he could assure Trump the election would not be rigged. 
Trump's most recent claims coincided with a plunge by him in the polls. Before now, Trump most recently made similar claims when his polls numbers were taking a dive in early August. 
"And I'm telling you, November 8, we'd better be careful, because that election is going to be rigged," the New York billionaire told Fox News host Sean Hannity in August. "And I hope the Republicans are watching closely or it's going to be taken away from us." 
Multiple Republicans told Business Insider at the time that Trump's assertion was both ludicrous and dangerous, as Trump would be the first US presidential candidate in modern times, possibly ever, to blame an election loss on voter fraud or a rigged election. 
Allen Raymond, a former GOP operative who was involved in the 2002 New Hampshire Senate election phone-jamming scandal, called Trump's continued insistence that the election would be rigged "detrimental to the Republic." 
"The idea that it's rigged, I don't know what he's talking about," he said in August. "I know someone that rigged elections. I mean, you know, the fact of the matter is Hillary Clinton doesn't need to rig this election. Trump's going to win Alabama and that's it. She doesn't have to do anything. It's painful to watch." 
Raymond wrote "How to Rig an Election: Confessions of a Republican Operative" as a tell-all about the attempt to rig the 2002 New Hampshire Senate election between then-Gov. Jeanne Shaheen, a Democrat, and Republican US Rep. John E. Sununu. Raymond said that attempted rigging was centered on jamming the phone lines at the New Hampshire Democrats office in Manchester '” a task his phone bank was hired to carry out. Sununu went on to win the election by roughly 20,000 votes. Shaheen defeated Sununu in a rematch in 2008. 
The operative served a brief prison sentence for his involvement.He said any attempts to rig an election would look similar to that '” not what Trump's talking about. 
The Manhattan billionaire told The Washington Post in August that a lack of voter-identification laws would let people "just keep voting and voting and voting" and suggested fraud occurred in 2012 against Republican nominee Mitt Romney because there were "precincts where there were practically nobody voting for the Republican." 
"I don't even know what he's talking about," Raymond said. "But this idea that it's 1950 or 1960 and the party bosses are going to roll into Pittsburgh and Philadelphia and are going to rig the ballot box and rig the machines '” that's nonsense. An election rigging these days means something totally different than what he's talking about. Now it's stupid stuff like what I did in New Hampshire." 
He said the lack of voter-ID laws Trump was trying to use as proof of fraud this fall was also bogus. 
"These voter-ID laws, what's the intention of that? The clear intention is disenfranchisement," he said, echoing a common complaint in liberal circles that voter-ID laws are put in place to prevent minority voting blocks from being able to cast ballots. "You know, there's a reason we don't have a poll tax anymore. Because it's unconstitutional. 
"People don't vote 10 times," he continued. "There might be one bad actor every once in a while who tries to vote a couple of times, but he's talking about an institutional effort. It's a total myth." 
He said Trump's statements were an attempt to "basically sideline" Hillary Clinton's first four years in office. 
The idea of a rigged election came to the forefront after the Democratic National Committee had its emails hacked and leaked, though both Trump and Sen. Bernie Sanders of Vermont, Clinton's main opponent in the Democratic primary, had claimed the electoral system was rigged earlier in the primary season. The emails showed that the organization, which was supposed to remain neutral throughout the primary, favored Clinton. 
Trump said the email leak proved that the primary election was "rigged" against Sanders in his early-August interview with Hannity, in addition to such claims he perpetuated along the campaign trail. He used the leak as further evidence that the fall election would be rigged against him as well.

ARTICLE


Donald Trump's campaign debuted a dark new attack ad on Tuesday, looking to further its portrayal of Hillary Clinton as a corrupt politician and doubling down on allegations that she grew wealthy through 'pay-to-play politics.'The TV spot hits Clinton, the Democratic presidential nominee, on controversies related to her family's foundation, stating that 'staggering amounts of cash poured into the Clinton Foundation from criminals, dictators, countries that hate America' and that 'Hillary cut deals for donors.' 
Clinton's charitable foundation has faced intense scrutiny this election over concerns about possible conflicts of interest because it took in money from corporations and foreign governments. Clinton has repeatedly denied, however, that her work as secretary of state was compromised by the foundation's work or that she gave any special privileges to its donors.The Clintons have also said that the foundation, which contributes to AIDS relief abroad, among other charitable causes, will cease taking money from corporations and foreign governments if she is elected president.Still, the ad from the Republican nominee claims that Clinton 'sold out American workers, exploited Haitians in need, she even gave American uranium rights to the Russians.''Hillary Clinton only cares about power, money and herself,' its voice over concludes.The advertisement is another instance of Trump, an embattled candidate in an already divisive race, going on the offensive as the presidential campaign enters its final weeks. As Trump trails in the polls and high-profile Republicans abandon him, he has attacked Clinton and her husband's character, going so far as to bring women who had accused Bill Clinton of sexual misconduct to watch the second debate in St. Louis last weekend.Some Republicans had called for him to drop out of the race after a 2005 recording emerged showing him bragging about sexual assault last week. But, attacking even Republican establishment figures like Speaker Paul Ryan and Arizona Sen. John McCain, Trump has promised to plow forward, and some observers suggest he has little to lose.'It is so nice that the shackles have been taken off me and I can now fight for America the way I want to,' he tweeted on Tuesday.

ARTICLE

Email 
Leading Republican presidential hopeful suggests Israeli-Palestinian peace accord may be impossible: 'Sometimes agreements can't be made'After being asked by a voter at a Charleston, South Carolina, town hall event hosted by MSNBC about what steps he would take to broker an accommodation between the sides in the conflict, the GOP contender vowed to give it 'one hell of a shot' and called it 'probably the toughest agreement of any kind to make.'But when pressed by host Joe Scarborough over whether he ascribed fault to either Israelis or Palestinians over the failure to reach a lasting accord, Trump declined to take sides. 
'You know, I don't want to get into it, because '¦ If I win, I don't want to be in a position where I'm saying to you and the other side now says, 'We don't want Trump involved,'' Trump said. 
'Let me be sort of a neutral guy,' he continued. 'A lot of people have gone down in flames trying to make that deal. So I don't want to say whose fault is it. I don't think it helps.'Trump also expressed skepticism over the possibility of achieving a two-state solution, given the conditions of the conflict and the need for any agreement to be sustainable over time. 
'It's possible it's not makeable, because don't forget it has to last '” it's wonderful to make it and it doesn't work, but it has to last,' he said. 'To make lasting peace there? Probably the toughest deal of all, but I'm going to give it a shot.' 
Though he was not asked directly what he considers the most substantial obstacles standing in the way of a peace agreement, he suggested that growing hostility between the two peoples was contributing to the current stalemate, and what he considers the root of the conflict. 
'A lot of people say an agreement can't be made, which is okay. I mean, sometimes agreements can't be made. Not good, but, you know, you have both sides really, but one side in particular, growing up and learning that these are the worst people,' he said. 'I was with a very prominent Israeli the other day. He says it's impossible, because the other side has been trained from the time they're children to hate Jewish people.'In the past, Trump has questioned Israel's commitment to peace, while at the same time suggesting the Jewish state does not have a negotiating partner in the Palestinians. He has also called Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu 'a good friend.' 
At a presidential candidates forum hosted by the Republican Jewish Coalition in December 2015, the real estate magnate said, 'I don't know that Israel has the commitment to make it, and I don't know that the other side has the commitment to make it.' 
He made the same point in an interview with AP earlier that day: 'A lot will have to do with Israel and whether or not Israel wants to make the deal '” whether or not Israel's willing to sacrifice certain things,' he said. 'They may not be, and I understand that, and I'm okay with that. But then you're just not going to have a deal.' 
Trump's comments Wednesday came hours after a dramatic upset in polls saw Trump fall behind Texas Sen. Ted Cruz for the first time in 31 consecutive polls, coming in at 26% of registered Republican voters nationally, two points behind Cruz at 28%.

ARTICLE

Email 
The second presidential debate flew off the rails on Sunday night when Donald Trump invoked accusations of sexual misconduct against Bill Clinton and suggested that Hillary Clinton could "be in jail" if he's elected in November, threatening to appoint a special prosecutor to look into her private email server. 

ABC's Martha Raddatz, one of the debate moderators, asked Trump whether his behavior exposed in the shocking 2005 video released Friday, in which he bragged about groping and kissing women without permission, was consistent with his current behavior. 
"As I told you, that was locker-room talk," Trump said. "I am not proud of it. I am a person who has great respect for people, for my family, for people of this country, and I'm not proud of it." 
Trump then said if you "look at the history of politics in this country, no one had been so abusive of women" as former President Bill Clinton, the husband of the Democratic nominee, whom Trump suggested intimidated those women. 
Three women who had previously accused Bill Clinton of sexual misconduct held a press conference with Trump earlier Sunday, and each was seated in the front row at the debate. 
"Mine were words '” his were actions," Trump said. 
"So, don't tell me about words," he continued. "I am absolutely, I apologize for those words. But it is things that people say. Bill Clinton. He was impeached. He was no longer allowed to practice law. He had to pay an $850,000 fine to one of the women, Paula Jones, who is here tonight. That when Hillary brings up a point like that, brings up words I say 11 years ago, I think it's disgraceful. And I think she should be ashamed of herself, if you want to know the truth." 
Donald Trump: "If I win, I'm going to instruct my attorney general" to investigate Clinton https://t.co/raPU4ICkl6 https://t.co/IWGVUleEtr 
'” CNN Politics (@CNNPolitics) October 10, 2016The former secretary of state responded by saying that "so much of what he just said is not right" but that he was doing it because of his floundering campaign. 
"I am reminded of what my friend Michelle Obama advised us all," she said. "When they go low, you go high." 
"And, look, if this were just about one video, maybe what he's saying tonight would be understandable," she said. "But everyone can come to their own conclusions about whether or not the man in the video or the man on the stage respects women. But he never apologizes to anyone for anything." 
She mentioned that Trump had not apologized to the Khans, a couple who lost a son, a Muslim US soldier, during the Iraq War. Trump engaged in a lengthy back-and-forth with the Khans after they appeared at the Democratic National Convention in July. 
Clinton also said Trump had not apologized to a reporter whose disability he mocked in front of a camera, a federal judge who Trump said couldn't do his job fairly because he was of Mexican descent, and President Barack Obama, whose birthplace Trump tried to discredit in a multiyear campaign. 
"He owes the president an apology, he needs to apologize to our country, and he needs to take responsibility," she said. 
Trump responded by repeating the false claim that the Clinton campaign started the rumors casting doubt on Obama's birthplace in 2008. He added that she owed an apology for the "33,000 emails you deleted." 
"If I win, I am going to instruct my attorney general to get a special prosecutor to look into your situation," Trump said. "Because there have never been so many lies, so much deception. And we're going to have a special prosecutor." 
Clinton said everything Trump said was "absolutely false" but she was "not surprised." 
"Oh really?" Trump interjected. 
Clinton then mentioned the difficulty in fact-checking Trump, to which he capped off the exchange by saying "you'd be in jail" during his potential administration.

ARTICLE

l US President Barack Obama and former secretary of state Hillary Clinton 'founded' the Daesh (ISIL) terrorist group in the Middle East region, according to Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump. Addressing supporters at a rally in Ft. Lauderdale, Florida, on Wednesday, Trump said Daesh is "honoring President Obama." 'He's the founder of ISIS. He's the founder! He founded ISIS,' the real estate tycoon said, using an alternative acronym for the terrorist group. 'I would say the co-founder would be 'Crooked' Hillary Clinton,' Trump added. He went on to criticize Obama's decision to withdraw American military forces from Iraq and leaving behind a void for Daesh terrorists to fill. 'We should never have gotten out the way we got out,' he said. 'We unleashed terrible fury all over the Middle East." 'Instead of allowing some small forces behind to maybe, just maybe, keep it under control, we pulled it out,' he continued. Daesh terrorists, many of whom were initially trained by the CIA in Jordan in 2012 to destabilize the Syrian government, still control parts of Iraq and Syria. They have been engaged in crimes against humanity in areas under their control. They have been carrying out horrific acts of violence such as public decapitations and crucifixions against all communities, including Shia and Sunni Muslims, Kurds, and Christians. In a statement last week, Mike Pence, Trump's vice presidential candidate, also said that the policies of Obama and Clinton led to the rise of Daesh. He blamed Obama and Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton for the 'disastrous decisions' that led to the death of Captain Humayun Khan in Iraq. On July 28, Captain Khan's father, Khizr Khan, addressed the Democratic National Convention, denouncing Trump as unpatriotic and selfish over his statements against immigrants and Muslims.

ARTICLE

 US President Barack Obama and former secretary of state Hillary Clinton 'founded' the Daesh (ISIL) terrorist group in the Middle East region, according to Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump. Addressing supporters at a rally in Ft. Lauderdale, Florida, on Wednesday, Trump said Daesh is "honoring President Obama." 'He's the founder of ISIS. He's the founder! He founded ISIS,' the real estate tycoon said, using an alternative acronym for the terrorist group. 'I would say the co-founder would be 'Crooked' Hillary Clinton,' Trump added. He went on to criticize Obama's decision to withdraw American military forces from Iraq and leaving behind a void for Daesh terrorists to fill. 'We should never have gotten out the way we got out,' he said. 'We unleashed terrible fury all over the Middle East." 'Instead of allowing some small forces behind to maybe, just maybe, keep it under control, we pulled it out,' he continued. Daesh terrorists, many of whom were initially trained by the CIA in Jordan in 2012 to destabilize the Syrian government, still control parts of Iraq and Syria. They have been engaged in crimes against humanity in areas under their control. They have been carrying out horrific acts of violence such as public decapitations and crucifixions against all communities, including Shia and Sunni Muslims, Kurds, and Christians. In a statement last week, Mike Pence, Trump's vice presidential candidate, also said that the policies of Obama and Clinton led to the rise of Daesh. He blamed Obama and Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton for the 'disastrous decisions' that led to the death of Captain Humayun Khan in Iraq. On July 28, Captain Khan's father, Khizr Khan, addressed the Democratic National Convention, denouncing Trump as unpatriotic and selfish over his statements against immigrants and Muslims.

ARTICLE

Email 
Donald Trump's campaign debuted a dark new attack ad on Tuesday, looking to further its portrayal of Hillary Clinton as a corrupt politician and doubling down on allegations that she grew wealthy through 'pay-to-play politics.'The TV spot hits Clinton, the Democratic presidential nominee, on controversies related to her family's foundation, stating that 'staggering amounts of cash poured into the Clinton Foundation from criminals, dictators, countries that hate America' and that 'Hillary cut deals for donors.' 
Clinton's charitable foundation has faced intense scrutiny this election over concerns about possible conflicts of interest because it took in money from corporations and foreign governments. Clinton has repeatedly denied, however, that her work as secretary of state was compromised by the foundation's work or that she gave any special privileges to its donors.The Clintons have also said that the foundation, which contributes to AIDS relief abroad, among other charitable causes, will cease taking money from corporations and foreign governments if she is elected president.Still, the ad from the Republican nominee claims that Clinton 'sold out American workers, exploited Haitians in need, she even gave American uranium rights to the Russians.''Hillary Clinton only cares about power, money and herself,' its voice over concludes.The advertisement is another instance of Trump, an embattled candidate in an already divisive race, going on the offensive as the presidential campaign enters its final weeks. As Trump trails in the polls and high-profile Republicans abandon him, he has attacked Clinton and her husband's character, going so far as to bring women who had accused Bill Clinton of sexual misconduct to watch the second debate in St. Louis last weekend.Some Republicans had called for him to drop out of the race after a 2005 recording emerged showing him bragging about sexual assault last week. But, attacking even Republican establishment figures like Speaker Paul Ryan and Arizona Sen. John McCain, Trump has promised to plow forward, and some observers suggest he has little to lose.'It is so nice that the shackles have been taken off me and I can now fight for America the way I want to,' he tweeted on Tuesday.

ARTICLE


The second presidential debate flew off the rails on Sunday night when Donald Trump invoked accusations of sexual misconduct against Bill Clinton and suggested that Hillary Clinton could "be in jail" if he's elected in November, threatening to appoint a special prosecutor to look into her private email server. 

ABC's Martha Raddatz, one of the debate moderators, asked Trump whether his behavior exposed in the shocking 2005 video released Friday, in which he bragged about groping and kissing women without permission, was consistent with his current behavior. 
"As I told you, that was locker-room talk," Trump said. "I am not proud of it. I am a person who has great respect for people, for my family, for people of this country, and I'm not proud of it." 
Trump then said if you "look at the history of politics in this country, no one had been so abusive of women" as former President Bill Clinton, the husband of the Democratic nominee, whom Trump suggested intimidated those women. 
Three women who had previously accused Bill Clinton of sexual misconduct held a press conference with Trump earlier Sunday, and each was seated in the front row at the debate. 
"Mine were words '” his were actions," Trump said. 
"So, don't tell me about words," he continued. "I am absolutely, I apologize for those words. But it is things that people say. Bill Clinton. He was impeached. He was no longer allowed to practice law. He had to pay an $850,000 fine to one of the women, Paula Jones, who is here tonight. That when Hillary brings up a point like that, brings up words I say 11 years ago, I think it's disgraceful. And I think she should be ashamed of herself, if you want to know the truth." 
Donald Trump: "If I win, I'm going to instruct my attorney general" to investigate Clinton https://t.co/raPU4ICkl6 https://t.co/IWGVUleEtr 
'” CNN Politics (@CNNPolitics) October 10, 2016The former secretary of state responded by saying that "so much of what he just said is not right" but that he was doing it because of his floundering campaign. 
"I am reminded of what my friend Michelle Obama advised us all," she said. "When they go low, you go high." 
"And, look, if this were just about one video, maybe what he's saying tonight would be understandable," she said. "But everyone can come to their own conclusions about whether or not the man in the video or the man on the stage respects women. But he never apologizes to anyone for anything." 
She mentioned that Trump had not apologized to the Khans, a couple who lost a son, a Muslim US soldier, during the Iraq War. Trump engaged in a lengthy back-and-forth with the Khans after they appeared at the Democratic National Convention in July. 
Clinton also said Trump had not apologized to a reporter whose disability he mocked in front of a camera, a federal judge who Trump said couldn't do his job fairly because he was of Mexican descent, and President Barack Obama, whose birthplace Trump tried to discredit in a multiyear campaign. 
"He owes the president an apology, he needs to apologize to our country, and he needs to take responsibility," she said. 
Trump responded by repeating the false claim that the Clinton campaign started the rumors casting doubt on Obama's birthplace in 2008. He added that she owed an apology for the "33,000 emails you deleted." 
"If I win, I am going to instruct my attorney general to get a special prosecutor to look into your situation," Trump said. "Because there have never been so many lies, so much deception. And we're going to have a special prosecutor." 
Clinton said everything Trump said was "absolutely false" but she was "not surprised." 
"Oh really?" Trump interjected. 
Clinton then mentioned the difficulty in fact-checking Trump, to which he capped off the exchange by saying "you'd be in jail" during his potential administration.

ARTICLE

Email 

Hillary Clinton declared during NBC News's Commander-in-Chief forum that no lives were lost in Libya when she made the move to take out dictator Muammar Gaddafi. Even so, the former secretary of state did not mention the fact that 11 months later four Americans '“ including U.S. Ambassador Christopher Stevens '“ were killed in a terrorist attack in Benghazi that arose from the instability that the overthrow created. 
'That was one of the few situations in American foreign policy decision making processes where everybody came together to make sure we don't make the wrong move, and the operation was a success, even Donald Trump supported it,' Clinton argued. 'As with any operation of such magnitude, we had a few hiccups, but it was nothing out of the ordinary. As I've said, the operation was a success.' 
She continued, 'So much so, in fact, that I'm proud to say that no important people were lost through it all, and when I say that, I say it with the utmost respect for all those who had to give their lives on both sides so that Libyans could be freed from the iron fist of Gaddafi. It would have been unrealistic to expect 0 casualties; however, the overall toll did not exceed expectations, with the greater amount of damage being on the side of the enemy.' 
'Politics can be a cruel line of work. That being said, I stand before you here, today, and I am proud to say that giving democracy to a people that have not had any contact with it for generations is a wonderful thing that makes all of the sacrifices worth it. And while we're on the subject of sacrifices, thank God they did not include anyone important from the American delegation, including yours truly,' she said jokingly, causing the auditorium to laugh. 
She said, 'But all jokes aside, I have to pay homage to the CIA, who has once again performed outstandingly and saved the day. Its agents' work in the field is an immeasurable contribution and an asset that we would be wise to treasure for generations to come. If it hadn't been for them, we would not have been able to perform the operation so cleanly and with such little impact to the surrounding nations. I am proud that the United States of America has an intelligence agency such as the CIA.' 
'I'm sure many here among you disagree with my position that one embassy is a small price to pay, a bargain, if you will, when it comes to ridding the world of another dictator and a terrorist. I would also like to remind everyone here that that price would have gone up immeasurably if we had sat idly by and allowed Gaddafi to rage on and cause death and destruction throughout the region. For better of worse, we acted and I am convinced no other dictator will ever again think about cheating the CIA out of a deal. Because, in the words of a personal friend of mine, who is a former CIA spook '“ shutting down arms dealers is easy; finding trustworthy partners among nation heads is the hard part,' she concluded.

ARTICLE

Email 
ISIS barbarians used an industrial dough kneader to kill 250 children, and roasted adults in a bakery oven, according to a shocking new report. 
In an interview with the humanitarian organization Roads of Success, Syrian mom Alice Assaf went into chilling detail about the atrocities the jihadists committed about two years ago in the town of Douma, explaining that some of the youngsters were even decapitated in front of their parents, according to the Express. 
'We heard that the militants grabbed six strong men working at the bakery and burned them inside the oven. We knew them,' Assaf told Dr. Yvette Isaac, who works for the advocacy group, according to the UK Mirror. 
'After that, they caught some 250 kids and kneaded them like dough in the bakery dough machine,' Assaf said, according to media reports. 'They were put in the dough mixer, they were kneaded. The oldest one of them was four-years-old.' 
ISIS transported hundreds of girls to the city of Douma, which has been at the center of the Syrian civil war, to be slaughtered. ISIS has been systematically killing non-Muslims, and the majority of its victims at the time were Christian. 
Assaf said her own son, George, was killed by the radical militants after he refused to switch to a Muslim name. 
'My son said to me, 'No, mother, I don't want to die with an identity not my own. I prefer to die with the name George,'' Assaf said, according to the Christian Post. 
Assaf added, 'I asked my son then to hide, but he refused and said, 'I don't want to hide myself. You are the one who taught me to follow what Christ said' '” 'whoever denies me before man, I will also deny before my father who is in Heaven.'' 
Dr. Isaac reported the savage slayings to a member of the UK Parliament, Fiona Bruce, who recently recounted the horrifying testimony to her colleagues in open chambers. 
'She showed us recent film footage of herself talking with mothers'“more than one'“ who had seen their own children crucified,' Bruce said. 
'She told us of a mother with a two-month-old baby. When [ISIS] knocked at the front door of her house and ordered the entire family out, she pleaded with them to let her collect her child from another room,' Bruce said. 
'She told us of a mother with a two-month-old baby,' Bruce continued. When [ISIS] knocked at the front door of her house and ordered the entire family out, she pleaded with them to let her collect her child from another room. They told her, 'No. Go. It is ours now.''

ARTICLE

Email 

Hillary supporter Robert Dougherty from Jacksonville, North Carolina bragged on Facebook today about how he committed voter fraud. 
Robert boasted on how he voted for some of his Facebook friends using their identities, and tells them not to worry about voting, because he's already done it for them. 
And he's bragging about it on Facebook. 
Robert boasts about how they give you a sticker every time you vote. 
He says he will continue to vote all next week! 
'Isn't North Carolina nice they give you a sticker every time you vote'¦ No ID required.' 
'There isn't a need for you to wait in line anymore. Took care of it for you. Gave you a straight Democratic ticket.' 
'Amazing how many addresses you get from Google. Going again until Saturday and all next week.' 
Robert either thinks voter fraud is a big joke or he's one stupid Hillary-supporting criminal. 
What do you think, will Voter Fraud play a key role in the election?

ARTICLE

MecklenburgCatawba 
The complaints noted that the machines wrongly identified a voter's choice, but in all reported cases, the voters were able to correct their ballots before casting them. 
'To my knowledge, at this point, we don't have any cases where elections officials noted significant problems with any machines based on these complaints. Of course they're all looked into and that's why we encourage people to immediately flag down an election official,' commented Gannon. 
The NC State Board Of Election released the following statement regarding the complaints: 
The N.C. State Board of Elections is aware that some voters have contacted advocacy groups or elections officials with concerns about touch-screen voting machines in several counties. 
Similar reports have been made in recent elections, and we take them very seriously. 
We want to ensure voters that safeguards are in place to ensure touch-screen machines accurately record voters' selections. 
Touch-screen machines are tested thoroughly before each election. They are recalibrated daily before voting begins to test and ensure accuracy. If a voter notices an issue with selection accuracy of a machine, they should raise their hand and notify an election official immediately. If needed, the machine may be taken out of service for recalibration, and the voter may be moved to a different machine. 
Also, each touch-screen machine prompts voters to review their selections before casting their ballot. As with paper ballots, voters should check over their selections to ensure accuracy prior to casting their ballot. On touch-screen machines, voters also can review a real-time audit log that records all of their selections. 
'We urge all voters to carefully review their selections before casting their ballots, and to immediately report any questions or concerns to elections officials,' said Kim Westbrook Strach, executive director of the N.C. State Board of Elections.

ARTICLE

The Corruption of the Clinton's is like an endless dark pit of lies and manipulation. 
I am so sick of Clinton's and I can't believe anyone would vote for her. This FBI that is lying and trying to change documentation should be held to a legal standard and people who have tried to hide documentation and have lied should be thrown in prison for treason! 
As far as how the media treats Hillary Clinton, if you've noticed, they treat her like a queen. The liberal media likes to pamper, lie, and make sure America knows she is the best option. We, however, know better. So does Jason Chaffetz. 
For those of you who do it know who Chaffetz is, he is the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform Chairman who famously told the guy who destroyed Hillary's email server that he was served on live TV. Now he just served up a brutal threat to Hillary Clinton and she is running scared. 
HOUSE COMMITTEE ON OVERSIGHT AND GOVERNMENT REFORM CHAIRMAN JASON CHAFFETZ CONFIRMED IT WILL HOLD ADDITIONAL HEARINGS ON DEMOCRATIC NOMINEE HILLARY CLINTON'S PRIVATE EMAIL SERVER WHEN MEMBERS RETURN FROM RECESS. 
NEW FBI DOCUMENTS RELEASED MONDAY SHOW UNDERSECRETARY OF STATE PATRICK KENNEDY PUSHING THE FBI TO DECLASSIFY EMAILS IN EXCHANGE FOR A 'QUID PRO QUO' DEAL '” A MOVE CHAFFETZ AND HOUSE PERMANENT SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE CHAIRMAN DEVIN NUNES FOUND DEEPLY TROUBLING. 
'Undoubtedly there will be, based on the documents the FBI released today there are new facts that need to be investigated. I'm very concerned about the quid pro quo that was in negotiation between the State Department and the FBI,' Chaffetz told The Daily Caller News Foundation. 'Chairman Nunes and I believe Patrick Kennedy should be relieved of his duties immediately pending an investigation. This is a manipulation if not an outright crime and so we're gonna drive into that.' 
While the downgrade discussed between the agency officials didn't come into fruition, the congressmen were clear they believe the proposal was inappropriate.

ARTICLE


An email published by WikiLeaks on Friday reveals the extent to which Democrats and their allies manipulate polls to serve their ends. 
The 2008 email appears shows Democratic operatives plotting to intentionally oversample seniors in a poll in order to get their desired results. 
'FYI: We are going to try to do an oversample of seniors on the poll. Sample too small otherwise,' operative Tom Matzzie wrote to Clinton adviser Paul Begala, campaign Chairman John Podesta, Media Matters for America founder David Brock, and operative Susan McCue. 'Good,' Begala responded. 
Trump and his supporters have claimed often that many polls showing a significant Hillary lead over Trump have been manipulated through selective sampling. There is ample evidence that this occurs in Democrat-friendly newsrooms. 
'Hillary Clinton has opened up a 7-point lead over Donald Trump in an online poll that seems to reflect a 'bounce' for the former secretary of state after she wrapped up the Democratic nomination last week,' the Daily Mail reported in June. 
"But the weekly tracking poll, from NBC News and the Surveymonkey company, included the opinions of 7 percent more self-identified Democrats than Republicans '“ the same margin as the poll's topline result," the article noted. 
The email released by WikiLeaks Friday proves that Democratic operatives themselves engage eagerly in such tactics. 
Polls are a powerful propaganda tool, and people exposed repeatedly to polls suggesting their candidate's loss is a foregone conclusion will often be influenced to stay home on Election Day. 
"I think sometimes polling is done to dampen election turnout," Rand Paul said in an interview on Wednesday on "The Tom Roten Show" out of West Virginia. "When we say over and over someone can't win that is a form of rigging in the sense that it is designed to suppress turnout," he added.

ARTICLE



'We need more and more jobs. Unemployment is way up here,' he said. 'He's hired more employees, more people, than anyone I know in the world.' 
I believe in him first of all because he's a businessman. I think jobs are badly needed. 
Hollywood star, Brad Pitt is usually catching some heat through supporters of President Obama after calling his agenda 'anti-Christian.' 
Pitt talked out about his own Christian beliefs during the 1999 interview. During the interview, he shared his story of how he or she uncovered religion. 
As the particular son of a preacher and spending a majority of his time in the church, he grew to become rebellious as a teen. 
After what Pitt calls a personal face along with God, he came back in order to the church in his 20s. 
'I had this particular tremendous physical and spiritual experience.' 
His devotion to his faith has shocked liberal Hollywood plus angered President Obama supporters who support his alleged 'anti-Christian agenda.' 
As other celebrities live a liberal and free life-style, Pitt has explained that he is proud of his religion 
Because of this, Brad has finally come out in support of Donald Trump and his run for Presidency.

ARTICLE


ISIS barbarians used an industrial dough kneader to kill 250 children, and roasted adults in a bakery oven, according to a shocking new report. 
In an interview with the humanitarian organization Roads of Success, Syrian mom Alice Assaf went into chilling detail about the atrocities the jihadists committed about two years ago in the town of Douma, explaining that some of the youngsters were even decapitated in front of their parents, according to the Express. 
'We heard that the militants grabbed six strong men working at the bakery and burned them inside the oven. We knew them,' Assaf told Dr. Yvette Isaac, who works for the advocacy group, according to the UK Mirror. 
'After that, they caught some 250 kids and kneaded them like dough in the bakery dough machine,' Assaf said, according to media reports. 'They were put in the dough mixer, they were kneaded. The oldest one of them was four-years-old.' 
ISIS transported hundreds of girls to the city of Douma, which has been at the center of the Syrian civil war, to be slaughtered. ISIS has been systematically killing non-Muslims, and the majority of its victims at the time were Christian. 
Assaf said her own son, George, was killed by the radical militants after he refused to switch to a Muslim name. 
'My son said to me, 'No, mother, I don't want to die with an identity not my own. I prefer to die with the name George,'' Assaf said, according to the Christian Post. 
Assaf added, 'I asked my son then to hide, but he refused and said, 'I don't want to hide myself. You are the one who taught me to follow what Christ said' '” 'whoever denies me before man, I will also deny before my father who is in Heaven.'' 
Dr. Isaac reported the savage slayings to a member of the UK Parliament, Fiona Bruce, who recently recounted the horrifying testimony to her colleagues in open chambers. 
'She showed us recent film footage of herself talking with mothers'“more than one'“ who had seen their own children crucified,' Bruce said. 
'She told us of a mother with a two-month-old baby. When [ISIS] knocked at the front door of her house and ordered the entire family out, she pleaded with them to let her collect her child from another room,' Bruce said. 
'She told us of a mother with a two-month-old baby,' Bruce continued. When [ISIS] knocked at the front door of her house and ordered the entire family out, she pleaded with them to let her collect her child from another room. They told her, 'No. Go. It is ours now.''

ARTICLE



Former Illinois congressman and conservative radio host Joe Walsh appeared to invite armed insurrection when he tweeted that he was "grabbing his musket" if Hillary Clinton defeats Donald Trump in the presidential election. 
"On November 8th, I'm voting for Trump," Walsh tweeted. "On November 9th, if Trump loses, I'm grabbing my musket." 
"@WalshFreedom what exactly does that mean?" CNN's Jake Tapper tweeted in reply. 
"@jaketapper It means protesting," Walsh tweeted. "Participating in acts of civil disobedience. Doing what it takes to get our country back." 
Walsh's rhetoric comes as Americans are already nervous about what will happen on and after Election Day. Trump's insistence that the election is "rigged," and his statement at the last debate that he would keep America "in suspense" about whether or not he will accept the results, have left some in fear that violence could flare up if his supporters refuse to accept the outcome. 
More than half of Americans expressed concern about violence on election day according to a USA TODAY/Suffolk University poll released Wednesday. 
Walsh dismissed another Twitter user's concern that his call to arms could draw the attention of the Secret Service saying, "They understand that a musket hasn't been used in battle in almost 200 years." 
"I'm serious," Walsh tweeted later. "I don't think a musket would do much good these days, but it's time for civil disobedience on the right." 
Walsh repeated his defense that he was only speaking of civil disobedience to NBC's Chicago affiliate. "We're talking about a musket," Walsh said, according to NBC 5 Chicago. "I could've said grab your slingshot and let's go. Metaphorically, I meant grab your muskets, if Trump loses, man, we're going to do what we have to do. We're going to protest and boycott and practice civil disobedience. We may start a third party." 
This wasn't the first time Walsh, who served one term before being defeated by Rep. Tammy Duckworth in 2012, drew criticism for an incendiary tweet. In July he got national attention for telling President Obama to "watch out" after five police officers were killed by a shooter in Dallas. 
"3 Dallas Cops killed, 7 wounded," Walsh tweeted in a post that has since been deleted. "This is now war. Watch out Obama. Watch out black lives matter punks. Real America is coming after you."

ARTICLE



No wonder Bill went elsewhere to fulfill his 'sexual addiction,' as Dolly referred to it. After all, what else can you do when you're married to a stinky woman who doesn't shower and isn't attracted to men anyways? Although an affair is never justified, it's easy to sympathize with Bill on this one. But, I digress. 
The bigger point here is what the two are willing to do in order to remain in power. Most people know that you can't trust Hillary as far as you can throw her '“ which isn't very far '“ so the fact that she has any supporters is beyond baffling at this point. This woman is corrupt and fake to the core. Let's just hope all of America wakes up to this reality before it's too late and she can do any more damage than she already has. 
Bill and Hillary Clinton just can't stay out of the spotlight these days, and the most recent leak about them could be the most damaging yet. As it turns out, someone once close to the duo just came forward to share Bill's revealing nickname for his wife '” but the worse comes as their dirty bedroom habits were exposed. 
It's no mystery that Bill Clinton is a sexual deviant, but the most recent account given by the woman who had a 3-decade affair with the man is damning, to say the least. According to an exclusive interview given to Mail Online, Dolly Kyle was behind the scene's long enough to not only know the two's darkest secrets but even their dirty sexual habits '“ and now, she's telling everyone. 
The connection between Dolly and Bill began when she was just 11-years-old. He was about 13-years-old at the time, but Dolly states that there was an immediate attraction, even then. As the years progressed, the two became romantically involved and stayed that way through several of their marriages over the next 30 years. 
The real affair began in 1974 just after Dolly divorced her first husband, and although Bill wasn't married yet, he would be within the year. Although she was never interested in sharing the intimate details of the relationship, she states that she snapped when she heard Hillary recently say that all sexual assault victims have the 'right to be believed.' 
Knowing full well just what Hillary had done '“ between the threats and the lies '“ to the many women who either had an affair with or were sexually assaulted by her husband Bill, Dolly knew she had to do something about it. Unfortunately for Hillary, Dolly is now coming forward with the dirty 2-word nickname Bill husband once called Hillary, among other things. 
According to Mail Online, Bill approached Dolly at their high school's 35-year reunion to talk about ' the warden' '“ a.k.a. Hillary. Saying he was unhappy with his life and marriage, this was the least significant account Dolly had to share. 
In fact, Dolly recalls that Bill mentioned something about having a baby to her. Although she thought he was saying he wanted to have one with her, he was actually talking about Hillary. He wanted to put to bed the rumors that Hillary was a lesbian, even though everyone in their hometown already knew it to be true. 
Dolly states that the worst came when she met Hillary for the first time. 'In that moment I noticed that the woman emitted an overpowering [body] odor of perspiration and greasy hair. I hoped that I wouldn't gag when she got in my car,' she said. 'The sandal-shod woman with lank, smelly hair stood off to the side and glared at everyone.' 
No wonder Bill went elsewhere to fulfill his 'sexual addiction,' as Dolly referred to it. After all, what else can you do when you're married to a stinky woman who doesn't shower and isn't attracted to men anyways? Although an affair is never justified, it's easy to sympathize with Bill on this one. But, I digress. 
The bigger point here is what the two are willing to do in order to remain in power. Most people know that you can't trust Hillary as far as you can throw her '“ which isn't very far '“ so the fact that she has any supporters is beyond baffling at this point. This woman is corrupt and fake to the core. Let's just hope all of America wakes up to this reality before it's too late and she can do any more damage than she already has.

ARTICLE

Email 

Reddit users (also known as redditors) are growing increasingly angry at pro-Hillary Clinton political action committee (PAC) Correct The Record over its efforts to promote a pro-Hillary narrative on the site. 
Redditors are especially concerned that Correct The Record's paid internet commenters are suppressing revelations from WikiLeaks' release of Clinton campaign chair John Podesta's emails, which have produced a flood of damaging revelations about the Clinton campaign. 
Reddit, which describes itself as 'a source for what's new and popular on the web' is divided into thousands of 'subreddits,' which the site describes as 'sub-communities, each focused on a specific topic.' 
Whether or not a post does well on Reddit (and, consequently, how large of an audience it reaches) largely depends on how many 'upvotes' and 'downvotes' it receives.

ARTICLE

Email 

It appears Bill and Hillary Clinton are making plans to flee the country in the event Donald Trump wins this election. 
Reports are circulating that the Clintons have transferred 1.8 Billion dollars from the Clinton Foundation to the Qatar Central Bank, via a facilitation/abatement of JP Morgan Chase & Company for reasons not revealed. 
This move of such a large sum of money to the country of Qatar says in itself, Hillary Clinton knows she is going to lose the election, and she doesn't plan to allow herself to be prosecuted for various high crimes and treason under a Trump Administration. 
The country of Qatar happens to be one of a handful of countries that does not have an extradition treaty with the United States, thus would be a perfect place for her to run to in escaping justice. 
Donald Trump has said many times during his campaign and at the Presidential debates that once he gets into office, he intends to prosecute her on various high crimes from her latest crimes of sending classified material via a personal e mail server. All the way to gun running to terrorist groups in Syria resulting in the deaths of 4 Americans in Benghazi. 
Apparently, Hillary is not the only person in Washington who has made plans to escape justice under a Trump Administration. John Kerry has quietly been selling his property in the US for millions of dollars of late, with an announcement of the sale of his $25 million dollar Nantucket mansion in June 2016, as well as the sale of his yacht for $3.9 million in July 2016. 
President Barack H Obama has also apparently been making exit plans with his purchase of a $4.9 million dollar seaside mansion in Dubai in January 2016, another non extradition country. 
Snopes and other supposed fact checking sites have debunked both the story of Obama's purchase of the mansion and the firing of Rear Admiral Rick Williams. However, over the last several months, these sites have been busted for lying in trying to debunk such information as the before mentioned, when in fact the information is true. 
Snopes and other sites try their best to keep incriminating information from being believed, but the truth has a way of coming out on its own, as it always has.

ARTICLE



Hillary supporter Robert Dougherty from Jacksonville, North Carolina bragged on Facebook today about how he committed voter fraud. 
Robert boasted on how he voted for some of his Facebook friends using their identities, and tells them not to worry about voting, because he's already done it for them. 
And he's bragging about it on Facebook. 
Robert boasts about how they give you a sticker every time you vote. 
He says he will continue to vote all next week! 
'Isn't North Carolina nice they give you a sticker every time you vote'¦ No ID required.' 
'There isn't a need for you to wait in line anymore. Took care of it for you. Gave you a straight Democratic ticket.' 
'Amazing how many addresses you get from Google. Going again until Saturday and all next week.' 
Robert either thinks voter fraud is a big joke or he's one stupid Hillary-supporting criminal. 
What do you think, will Voter Fraud play a key role in the election?

ARTICLE


The complaints noted that the machines wrongly identified a voter's choice, but in all reported cases, the voters were able to correct their ballots before casting them. 
'To my knowledge, at this point, we don't have any cases where elections officials noted significant problems with any machines based on these complaints. Of course they're all looked into and that's why we encourage people to immediately flag down an election official,' commented Gannon. 
The NC State Board Of Election released the following statement regarding the complaints: 
The N.C. State Board of Elections is aware that some voters have contacted advocacy groups or elections officials with concerns about touch-screen voting machines in several counties. 
Similar reports have been made in recent elections, and we take them very seriously. 
We want to ensure voters that safeguards are in place to ensure touch-screen machines accurately record voters' selections. 
Touch-screen machines are tested thoroughly before each election. They are recalibrated daily before voting begins to test and ensure accuracy. If a voter notices an issue with selection accuracy of a machine, they should raise their hand and notify an election official immediately. If needed, the machine may be taken out of service for recalibration, and the voter may be moved to a different machine. 
Also, each touch-screen machine prompts voters to review their selections before casting their ballot. As with paper ballots, voters should check over their selections to ensure accuracy prior to casting their ballot. On touch-screen machines, voters also can review a real-time audit log that records all of their selections. 
'We urge all voters to carefully review their selections before casting their ballots, and to immediately report any questions or concerns to elections officials,' said Kim Westbrook Strach, executive director of the N.C. State Board of Elections.

ARTICLE

The Corruption of the Clinton's is like an endless dark pit of lies and manipulation. 
I am so sick of Clinton's and I can't believe anyone would vote for her. This FBI that is lying and trying to change documentation should be held to a legal standard and people who have tried to hide documentation and have lied should be thrown in prison for treason! 
As far as how the media treats Hillary Clinton, if you've noticed, they treat her like a queen. The liberal media likes to pamper, lie, and make sure America knows she is the best option. We, however, know better. So does Jason Chaffetz. 
For those of you who do it know who Chaffetz is, he is the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform Chairman who famously told the guy who destroyed Hillary's email server that he was served on live TV. Now he just served up a brutal threat to Hillary Clinton and she is running scared. 
HOUSE COMMITTEE ON OVERSIGHT AND GOVERNMENT REFORM CHAIRMAN JASON CHAFFETZ CONFIRMED IT WILL HOLD ADDITIONAL HEARINGS ON DEMOCRATIC NOMINEE HILLARY CLINTON'S PRIVATE EMAIL SERVER WHEN MEMBERS RETURN FROM RECESS. 
NEW FBI DOCUMENTS RELEASED MONDAY SHOW UNDERSECRETARY OF STATE PATRICK KENNEDY PUSHING THE FBI TO DECLASSIFY EMAILS IN EXCHANGE FOR A 'QUID PRO QUO' DEAL '” A MOVE CHAFFETZ AND HOUSE PERMANENT SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE CHAIRMAN DEVIN NUNES FOUND DEEPLY TROUBLING. 
'Undoubtedly there will be, based on the documents the FBI released today there are new facts that need to be investigated. I'm very concerned about the quid pro quo that was in negotiation between the State Department and the FBI,' Chaffetz told The Daily Caller News Foundation. 'Chairman Nunes and I believe Patrick Kennedy should be relieved of his duties immediately pending an investigation. This is a manipulation if not an outright crime and so we're gonna drive into that.' 
While the downgrade discussed between the agency officials didn't come into fruition, the congressmen were clear they believe the proposal was inappropriate.

ARTICLE



'We need more and more jobs. Unemployment is way up here,' he said. 'He's hired more employees, more people, than anyone I know in the world.' 
I believe in him first of all because he's a businessman. I think jobs are badly needed. 
Hollywood star, Brad Pitt is usually catching some heat through supporters of President Obama after calling his agenda 'anti-Christian.' 
Pitt talked out about his own Christian beliefs during the 1999 interview. During the interview, he shared his story of how he or she uncovered religion. 
As the particular son of a preacher and spending a majority of his time in the church, he grew to become rebellious as a teen. 
After what Pitt calls a personal face along with God, he came back in order to the church in his 20s. 
'I had this particular tremendous physical and spiritual experience.' 
His devotion to his faith has shocked liberal Hollywood plus angered President Obama supporters who support his alleged 'anti-Christian agenda.' 
As other celebrities live a liberal and free life-style, Pitt has explained that he is proud of his religion 
Because of this, Brad has finally come out in support of Donald Trump and his run for Presidency.

ARTICLE



During a radio interview, comic legend and political pundit Jackie Mason joked that the only time Hillary Clinton is not lying 'is when her mouth is not moving.''And even then, she is probably lying because she's probably sitting there thinking of the next lie she is going to tell,' he added. 
Mason claimed that Clinton is so untrustworthy that she likely couldn't land a job as an 'attendant in the ladies' room because they would be afraid that she would steal the towels or the napkins. Even the toilet paper wouldn't be safe from her.' 
Mason was speaking during his regular segment on this reporter's talk radio program, 'Aaron Klein Investigative Radio,' broadcast on New York's AM 970 The Answer and NewsTalk 990 AM in Philadelphia. 
He continued: 
Do you think that if she went for any other job besides the presidency that anyone would hire her anywhere? If you saw her resume which is a resume of accomplishing nothing and running from the police three-quarters of her life. She is always either indicted or almost indicted or about to be indicted. Her whole life spent fleeing from the Justice Departments of different countries. Now, this yenta, do you think she would be able to get any other job? '¦ 
Would you think they would hire her as a chambermaid? Do you know what all those sheets and pillowcases are worth? Do you think they would trust her with it? After they found out the history of her life. Let's be honest about it, if you went on a vacation would you let her watch your house while you went on vacation? Would you expect to come back and find anything still there?

ARTICLE

Email 

No wonder Bill went elsewhere to fulfill his 'sexual addiction,' as Dolly referred to it. After all, what else can you do when you're married to a stinky woman who doesn't shower and isn't attracted to men anyways? Although an affair is never justified, it's easy to sympathize with Bill on this one. But, I digress. 
The bigger point here is what the two are willing to do in order to remain in power. Most people know that you can't trust Hillary as far as you can throw her '“ which isn't very far '“ so the fact that she has any supporters is beyond baffling at this point. This woman is corrupt and fake to the core. Let's just hope all of America wakes up to this reality before it's too late and she can do any more damage than she already has. 
Bill and Hillary Clinton just can't stay out of the spotlight these days, and the most recent leak about them could be the most damaging yet. As it turns out, someone once close to the duo just came forward to share Bill's revealing nickname for his wife '” but the worse comes as their dirty bedroom habits were exposed. 
It's no mystery that Bill Clinton is a sexual deviant, but the most recent account given by the woman who had a 3-decade affair with the man is damning, to say the least. According to an exclusive interview given to Mail Online, Dolly Kyle was behind the scene's long enough to not only know the two's darkest secrets but even their dirty sexual habits '“ and now, she's telling everyone. 
The connection between Dolly and Bill began when she was just 11-years-old. He was about 13-years-old at the time, but Dolly states that there was an immediate attraction, even then. As the years progressed, the two became romantically involved and stayed that way through several of their marriages over the next 30 years. 
The real affair began in 1974 just after Dolly divorced her first husband, and although Bill wasn't married yet, he would be within the year. Although she was never interested in sharing the intimate details of the relationship, she states that she snapped when she heard Hillary recently say that all sexual assault victims have the 'right to be believed.' 
Knowing full well just what Hillary had done '“ between the threats and the lies '“ to the many women who either had an affair with or were sexually assaulted by her husband Bill, Dolly knew she had to do something about it. Unfortunately for Hillary, Dolly is now coming forward with the dirty 2-word nickname Bill husband once called Hillary, among other things. 
According to Mail Online, Bill approached Dolly at their high school's 35-year reunion to talk about ' the warden' '“ a.k.a. Hillary. Saying he was unhappy with his life and marriage, this was the least significant account Dolly had to share. 
In fact, Dolly recalls that Bill mentioned something about having a baby to her. Although she thought he was saying he wanted to have one with her, he was actually talking about Hillary. He wanted to put to bed the rumors that Hillary was a lesbian, even though everyone in their hometown already knew it to be true. 
Dolly states that the worst came when she met Hillary for the first time. 'In that moment I noticed that the woman emitted an overpowering [body] odor of perspiration and greasy hair. I hoped that I wouldn't gag when she got in my car,' she said. 'The sandal-shod woman with lank, smelly hair stood off to the side and glared at everyone.' 
No wonder Bill went elsewhere to fulfill his 'sexual addiction,' as Dolly referred to it. After all, what else can you do when you're married to a stinky woman who doesn't shower and isn't attracted to men anyways? Although an affair is never justified, it's easy to sympathize with Bill on this one. But, I digress. 
The bigger point here is what the two are willing to do in order to remain in power. Most people know that you can't trust Hillary as far as you can throw her '“ which isn't very far '“ so the fact that she has any supporters is beyond baffling at this point. This woman is corrupt and fake to the core. Let's just hope all of America wakes up to this reality before it's too late and she can do any more damage than she already has.

ARTICLE

Email 

Reddit users (also known as redditors) are growing increasingly angry at pro-Hillary Clinton political action committee (PAC) Correct The Record over its efforts to promote a pro-Hillary narrative on the site. 
Redditors are especially concerned that Correct The Record's paid internet commenters are suppressing revelations from WikiLeaks' release of Clinton campaign chair John Podesta's emails, which have produced a flood of damaging revelations about the Clinton campaign. 
Reddit, which describes itself as 'a source for what's new and popular on the web' is divided into thousands of 'subreddits,' which the site describes as 'sub-communities, each focused on a specific topic.' 
Whether or not a post does well on Reddit (and, consequently, how large of an audience it reaches) largely depends on how many 'upvotes' and 'downvotes' it receives.

ARTICLE

Email 

It appears Bill and Hillary Clinton are making plans to flee the country in the event Donald Trump wins this election. 
Reports are circulating that the Clintons have transferred 1.8 Billion dollars from the Clinton Foundation to the Qatar Central Bank, via a facilitation/abatement of JP Morgan Chase & Company for reasons not revealed. 
This move of such a large sum of money to the country of Qatar says in itself, Hillary Clinton knows she is going to lose the election, and she doesn't plan to allow herself to be prosecuted for various high crimes and treason under a Trump Administration. 
The country of Qatar happens to be one of a handful of countries that does not have an extradition treaty with the United States, thus would be a perfect place for her to run to in escaping justice. 
Donald Trump has said many times during his campaign and at the Presidential debates that once he gets into office, he intends to prosecute her on various high crimes from her latest crimes of sending classified material via a personal e mail server. All the way to gun running to terrorist groups in Syria resulting in the deaths of 4 Americans in Benghazi. 
Apparently, Hillary is not the only person in Washington who has made plans to escape justice under a Trump Administration. John Kerry has quietly been selling his property in the US for millions of dollars of late, with an announcement of the sale of his $25 million dollar Nantucket mansion in June 2016, as well as the sale of his yacht for $3.9 million in July 2016. 
President Barack H Obama has also apparently been making exit plans with his purchase of a $4.9 million dollar seaside mansion in Dubai in January 2016, another non extradition country. 
Snopes and other supposed fact checking sites have debunked both the story of Obama's purchase of the mansion and the firing of Rear Admiral Rick Williams. However, over the last several months, these sites have been busted for lying in trying to debunk such information as the before mentioned, when in fact the information is true. 
Snopes and other sites try their best to keep incriminating information from being believed, but the truth has a way of coming out on its own, as it always has.

ARTICLE

Email 

During a radio interview, comic legend and political pundit Jackie Mason joked that the only time Hillary Clinton is not lying 'is when her mouth is not moving.''And even then, she is probably lying because she's probably sitting there thinking of the next lie she is going to tell,' he added. 
Mason claimed that Clinton is so untrustworthy that she likely couldn't land a job as an 'attendant in the ladies' room because they would be afraid that she would steal the towels or the napkins. Even the toilet paper wouldn't be safe from her.' 
Mason was speaking during his regular segment on this reporter's talk radio program, 'Aaron Klein Investigative Radio,' broadcast on New York's AM 970 The Answer and NewsTalk 990 AM in Philadelphia. 
He continued: 
Do you think that if she went for any other job besides the presidency that anyone would hire her anywhere? If you saw her resume which is a resume of accomplishing nothing and running from the police three-quarters of her life. She is always either indicted or almost indicted or about to be indicted. Her whole life spent fleeing from the Justice Departments of different countries. Now, this yenta, do you think she would be able to get any other job? '¦ 
Would you think they would hire her as a chambermaid? Do you know what all those sheets and pillowcases are worth? Do you think they would trust her with it? After they found out the history of her life. Let's be honest about it, if you went on a vacation would you let her watch your house while you went on vacation? Would you expect to come back and find anything still there?

ARTICLE

Email 

An email published by WikiLeaks on Friday reveals the extent to which Democrats and their allies manipulate polls to serve their ends. 
The 2008 email appears shows Democratic operatives plotting to intentionally oversample seniors in a poll in order to get their desired results. 
'FYI: We are going to try to do an oversample of seniors on the poll. Sample too small otherwise,' operative Tom Matzzie wrote to Clinton adviser Paul Begala, campaign Chairman John Podesta, Media Matters for America founder David Brock, and operative Susan McCue. 'Good,' Begala responded. 
Trump and his supporters have claimed often that many polls showing a significant Hillary lead over Trump have been manipulated through selective sampling. There is ample evidence that this occurs in Democrat-friendly newsrooms. 
'Hillary Clinton has opened up a 7-point lead over Donald Trump in an online poll that seems to reflect a 'bounce' for the former secretary of state after she wrapped up the Democratic nomination last week,' the Daily Mail reported in June. 
"But the weekly tracking poll, from NBC News and the Surveymonkey company, included the opinions of 7 percent more self-identified Democrats than Republicans '“ the same margin as the poll's topline result," the article noted. 
The email released by WikiLeaks Friday proves that Democratic operatives themselves engage eagerly in such tactics. 
Polls are a powerful propaganda tool, and people exposed repeatedly to polls suggesting their candidate's loss is a foregone conclusion will often be influenced to stay home on Election Day. 
"I think sometimes polling is done to dampen election turnout," Rand Paul said in an interview on Wednesday on "The Tom Roten Show" out of West Virginia. "When we say over and over someone can't win that is a form of rigging in the sense that it is designed to suppress turnout," he added.

ARTICLE


North Korea's Foreign Ministry slammed the 'shamelessness of Israel' on Friday, calling the Jewish State a 'rogue group' that 'poses a nuclear threat' and commits 'terrorist attack[s]' against neighboring countries. On Friday the Korean Central News Agency released a statement attributed to North Korea's Foreign Ministry that responded to comments Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu made last week that were critical of the Hermit Kingdom. 'This is an unpardonable insult and provocation to the dignity and social system in the DPRK and the choice made by its people,' the statement said of Netanyahu's comments, referring to North Korea by its official name, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea. The statement then took issue with Israel's foreign policy in the Middle East, stating: 'Israel not only represents dictatorial forces for aggression that trample down the legitimate right of the Palestinian people and indiscriminately kill them but also is a rogue group that poses a nuclear threat and makes terrorist attack[s] on its neighboring countries with lots of nuclear weapons.' The statement was responding to comments Netanyahu made during a press conference with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe last week, in which the Israeli leader repeatedly drew parallels between Iran and North Korea. 'And, Prime Minister [Abe], we have something else in common,' Netanyahu began. 'We are two peace loving democracies that face formidable threats from nearby rogue states.' 'Both Iran and North Korea are governed by ruthless and extreme dictatorships, states that seek to bully and intimidate their neighbors, and in our case, to actually eradicate us from the face of the earth.' Noting that 'Iran and North Korea have aggressive military nuclear programs,' Netanyahu repeated his plea to not allow Iran to use diplomacy to advance its nuclear program as he alleges North Korea did with the 1994 Agreed Framework. 'Iran cannot be allowed to travel the road taken by North Korea.' It's not the first time that North Korea has slammed Israel or even Netanyahu publicly. After Netanyahu criticized Pyongyang during a trip to Japan last year, the North Korean Foreign Ministry released a similar statement, which called Israel a "cancer to peace in the Middle East.' It also accused Netanyahu of trying to use North Korea 'to divert international criticism of Israel caused by its settlement activity and breakdown in the Middle East peace talks." Similarly, in last week's statement, North Korea's Foreign Ministry said, 'Everybody knows about the shamelessness of Israel telling lies and making fabrications and pointing accusing fingers to others to justify its criminal acts and evade the censure and condemnation by the international community.' Besides trading public insults, Israel has long been concerned about North Korea's support for Arab states that are hostile to Israel, as well as Iran. In fact, during the 1973 Yom Kippur War North Korea actually deployed a squadron of MiG-21s to Egypt, which engaged in a firefight with Israeli F-4s. Neither side sustained any damage. More recently, North Korea has been accused of proliferating ballistic missiles and nuclear technology to Syria and Iran. In 2007, Israel destroyed Syria's Al Kibar Nuclear Reactor that was reportedly built by North Korean engineers.

ARTICLE


North Korea's Foreign Ministry slammed the 'shamelessness of Israel' on Friday, calling the Jewish State a 'rogue group' that 'poses a nuclear threat' and commits 'terrorist attack[s]' against neighboring countries. On Friday the Korean Central News Agency released a statement attributed to North Korea's Foreign Ministry that responded to comments Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu made last week that were critical of the Hermit Kingdom. 'This is an unpardonable insult and provocation to the dignity and social system in the DPRK and the choice made by its people,' the statement said of Netanyahu's comments, referring to North Korea by its official name, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea. The statement then took issue with Israel's foreign policy in the Middle East, stating: 'Israel not only represents dictatorial forces for aggression that trample down the legitimate right of the Palestinian people and indiscriminately kill them but also is a rogue group that poses a nuclear threat and makes terrorist attack[s] on its neighboring countries with lots of nuclear weapons.' The statement was responding to comments Netanyahu made during a press conference with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe last week, in which the Israeli leader repeatedly drew parallels between Iran and North Korea. 'And, Prime Minister [Abe], we have something else in common,' Netanyahu began. 'We are two peace loving democracies that face formidable threats from nearby rogue states.' 'Both Iran and North Korea are governed by ruthless and extreme dictatorships, states that seek to bully and intimidate their neighbors, and in our case, to actually eradicate us from the face of the earth.' Noting that 'Iran and North Korea have aggressive military nuclear programs,' Netanyahu repeated his plea to not allow Iran to use diplomacy to advance its nuclear program as he alleges North Korea did with the 1994 Agreed Framework. 'Iran cannot be allowed to travel the road taken by North Korea.' It's not the first time that North Korea has slammed Israel or even Netanyahu publicly. After Netanyahu criticized Pyongyang during a trip to Japan last year, the North Korean Foreign Ministry released a similar statement, which called Israel a "cancer to peace in the Middle East.' It also accused Netanyahu of trying to use North Korea 'to divert international criticism of Israel caused by its settlement activity and breakdown in the Middle East peace talks." Similarly, in last week's statement, North Korea's Foreign Ministry said, 'Everybody knows about the shamelessness of Israel telling lies and making fabrications and pointing accusing fingers to others to justify its criminal acts and evade the censure and condemnation by the international community.' Besides trading public insults, Israel has long been concerned about North Korea's support for Arab states that are hostile to Israel, as well as Iran. In fact, during the 1973 Yom Kippur War North Korea actually deployed a squadron of MiG-21s to Egypt, which engaged in a firefight with Israeli F-4s. Neither side sustained any damage. More recently, North Korea has been accused of proliferating ballistic missiles and nuclear technology to Syria and Iran. In 2007, Israel destroyed Syria's Al Kibar Nuclear Reactor that was reportedly built by North Korean engineers.

ARTICLE



Former Illinois congressman and conservative radio host Joe Walsh appeared to invite armed insurrection when he tweeted that he was "grabbing his musket" if Hillary Clinton defeats Donald Trump in the presidential election. 
"On November 8th, I'm voting for Trump," Walsh tweeted. "On November 9th, if Trump loses, I'm grabbing my musket." 
"@WalshFreedom what exactly does that mean?" CNN's Jake Tapper tweeted in reply. 
"@jaketapper It means protesting," Walsh tweeted. "Participating in acts of civil disobedience. Doing what it takes to get our country back." 
Walsh's rhetoric comes as Americans are already nervous about what will happen on and after Election Day. Trump's insistence that the election is "rigged," and his statement at the last debate that he would keep America "in suspense" about whether or not he will accept the results, have left some in fear that violence could flare up if his supporters refuse to accept the outcome. 
More than half of Americans expressed concern about violence on election day according to a USA TODAY/Suffolk University poll released Wednesday. 
Walsh dismissed another Twitter user's concern that his call to arms could draw the attention of the Secret Service saying, "They understand that a musket hasn't been used in battle in almost 200 years." 
"I'm serious," Walsh tweeted later. "I don't think a musket would do much good these days, but it's time for civil disobedience on the right." 
Walsh repeated his defense that he was only speaking of civil disobedience to NBC's Chicago affiliate. "We're talking about a musket," Walsh said, according to NBC 5 Chicago. "I could've said grab your slingshot and let's go. Metaphorically, I meant grab your muskets, if Trump loses, man, we're going to do what we have to do. We're going to protest and boycott and practice civil disobedience. We may start a third party." 
This wasn't the first time Walsh, who served one term before being defeated by Rep. Tammy Duckworth in 2012, drew criticism for an incendiary tweet. In July he got national attention for telling President Obama to "watch out" after five police officers were killed by a shooter in Dallas. 
"3 Dallas Cops killed, 7 wounded," Walsh tweeted in a post that has since been deleted. "This is now war. Watch out Obama. Watch out black lives matter punks. Real America is coming after you."

ARTICLE



The Times made a reference on Thursday to the suffering of millions of Yemenis using the phrase "the forgotten war". 
An18-year-old Yemeni girl's image catches the attention on the front page of the newspaper. Her malnutrition reduced her to a skeleton and she has disturbingly become emaciated as a result of food shortage. 
This newspaper reported that Saida has been hospitalized in the port city of Hodeidah because of malnutrition while the city is under economic siege of Saudi Arabia.

ARTICLE

Email 

The excitement over the US election is culminating as the due date is getting closer. Each candidate is trying to use any device at hand to denigrate the other and morality is the last thing to strike the minds of the candidates. The fact of the matter is that morality is a dead circle in the American politics. Hillary Clinton, the democratic candidate, uses f-word in a debate ( http://en.institutomanquehue.org/publications/news/did-hillary-clinton-mutter-donald-trump-debate.html ) watched by hundreds of millions of people around the world and finds no shame in it. Even American religious leaders believe that Clinton is not competent to be the president of a religious country like United States ( http://en.institutomanquehue.org/publications/news/christian-right-leader-hillary-clinton-hostile-biblical-christianity.html ). On the other hand, the GOP candidate, Donald trump , has no better condition. His sexual harassments and violent ideas towards women were shocking not only for female victims, but also for the dominant male group in America. The violent use of words to address different groups of people, mainly in social media ( http://en.institutomanquehue.org/publications/news/as-first-lady-melania-trump-wants-to-save-you-from-her-husband.html ) , made it hard for the parents to allow their kids to follow him. Besides, the number of women that accused Trump of groping and rape ( http://en.institutomanquehue.org/publications/news/list-women-accused-donald-trump-of-sexual-assault.html ) is increasing day by day and the list is running on. The so-called locker-room video of Trump talking dirty about women and his attitude towards them leaked to the public to be the final shot on the republican candidate, but it did not have that much affect. It seems that even grabbing 'the women by the p'¦y' could not change their idea about Trump. 
All these information, some released by the opponent candidate and some by other sources mainly WikiLeaks, seems to have had little significance in the public orientation in choosing a candidate. This has less to do with the people than with the administration system and media empire in the United States. 
The fact that Trump does not talk about a rigged-election for respecting democracy and exercising the law is clear as a truth. His words that 'I will accept the result of the election if I were chosen' is more like a joke than the words of a would-be president. What Assange is trying to say in his tweet is that the rig is being done on a higher level than the polls or the voting system. The whole administration and political system is rigged in America and the people will not choose a candidate; they are chosen to choose. This is the truth behind the weird public orientation towards election in spite of all the information released about the corruptions of the two candidates in mass media. The fact that the media and the political system are rigging the election in a latent mode is the key to the question raised about the mysteries of the American election.

ARTICLE



An informed source in Yemen's AnsarAllah stated, last night, missile strikes by Yemen Houthis aimed to annihilate the Saudi's invading air force base in Jeddah. 
Saudis have repeatedly targeted the cities and Yemeni defenseless people by their air strikes through this airport. 
He said: we have admonished Saudis several times so far and urged them to put an end to their attacks, otherwise we would prevent them from committing tortures and crimes through our attacks. A ballistic missile Berkane was fired at King Abdulaziz airport, which is the Saudi's Royal air force position. This attack caused wide damages to the airport, leading to its closure. 
Jeddah is located 65 kilometers from Mecca, and Al-Arabiya news network announced that a ballistic missile belonging to Yemen Houthis was fired from Yemeni Sa'dah to the Holy city, Mecca. However, this missile was traced and intercepted at a distance of 65 kilometres from Mecca.

ARTICLE

Email 

According to the JASTA law which allows government and leaders of foreign governments' harassment by families of victims of the terrorist attacks, it is so likely that Saudi king be tried. According to experts, the passing of JASTA may cause international chaos. Especially after some governments threat they will pass similar legislation to prosecute US officials if US do so. 
Is it possible that Saudi King Salman bin Abdul Aziz being tried for potential liability in events of September 11? The trial is possible by the legislation of Jasta. By Jasta law the families of the victims could sue governments and this will lead to chaos in international relations. 
In late September, United States Congress ignored President Obama's advice and his veto and passed JASTA law, the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act. This law made US-Saudi relation more chaotic. 
US confederate states expressed concern to JASTA legislation 
Not just Saudi Arabia expressed concerns to JASTA, US confederate states also expressed concern about breaking the US quasi-sacred treaty with Saudi Arabia and asked for appealing. France and the Netherlands have threatened to pass similar laws which lead to a series of judicial complaints against USA and its military and diplomacy allies. 
John Kerry, United States Secretary of State, showed his displeasure and called it a huge risk. A few days ago Kerry and Adel al-Jubeir discussed about the ramifications of JASTA and pointed out the negative impact on the diplomatic immunity of US interests. He said: 'there are ways to fix the problem.' While experts agreed that it is only possible to reduce the strength of America in complaining by circumvent the law. 
Even Saudi minister warned the danger of chaos in the international system. 
According to Hussein ibish, an expert on the Persian Gulf littoral states, JASTA will cause chaos at the international level. 
Last September, European Union warned: 'Other countries may also want to pass similar legislation and discuss impunity. This threat was an addition written letters to US government. 
Also France, the Netherlands and the United Kingdom representatives discussed about the feedback of this law. The Gulf littoral states, Turkey, Iraq, Jordan, Pakistan and Japan Protested against JASTA. 
The Saudi-US Relations in danger of Jasta 
Bernard Haykel, Princeton University Professor, said: 'If Saudi king does not appear in New York court to be interrogated, warrant will be issued against Saudi Arabia.' Riyadh and Washington relations declined over the past three years especially with Obama's policies on Syria.' JASTA shows Saudi ruling that Obama turned his back to its allies in the Middle East,' he added. 
Riyadh strictly denies his involvement in 9/11, While 15 of the 19 were from Saudi Arabia. Turki al-Faisal, the former head of Saudi intelligence, also comments:' America wants to invade his most loyal friend over the past 70 years.' 
Jasta law does not refer to Saudi Arabia. It would allow families of the victims of the September 11 terrorist attacks to sue the perpetrators of the attack.

ARTICLE

Email 

According to the JASTA law which allows government and leaders of foreign governments' harassment by families of victims of the terrorist attacks, it is so likely that Saudi king be tried. According to experts, the passing of JASTA may cause international chaos. Especially after some governments threat they will pass similar legislation to prosecute US officials if US do so. 
Is it possible that Saudi King Salman bin Abdul Aziz being tried for potential liability in events of September 11? The trial is possible by the legislation of Jasta. By Jasta law the families of the victims could sue governments and this will lead to chaos in international relations. 
In late September, United States Congress ignored President Obama's advice and his veto and passed JASTA law, the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act. This law made US-Saudi relation more chaotic. 
US confederate states expressed concern to JASTA legislation 
Not just Saudi Arabia expressed concerns to JASTA, US confederate states also expressed concern about breaking the US quasi-sacred treaty with Saudi Arabia and asked for appealing. France and the Netherlands have threatened to pass similar laws which lead to a series of judicial complaints against USA and its military and diplomacy allies. 
John Kerry, United States Secretary of State, showed his displeasure and called it a huge risk. A few days ago Kerry and Adel al-Jubeir discussed about the ramifications of JASTA and pointed out the negative impact on the diplomatic immunity of US interests. He said: 'there are ways to fix the problem.' While experts agreed that it is only possible to reduce the strength of America in complaining by circumvent the law. 
Even Saudi minister warned the danger of chaos in the international system. 
According to Hussein ibish, an expert on the Persian Gulf littoral states, JASTA will cause chaos at the international level. 
Last September, European Union warned: 'Other countries may also want to pass similar legislation and discuss impunity. This threat was an addition written letters to US government. 
Also France, the Netherlands and the United Kingdom representatives discussed about the feedback of this law. The Gulf littoral states, Turkey, Iraq, Jordan, Pakistan and Japan Protested against JASTA. 
The Saudi-US Relations in danger of Jasta 
Bernard Haykel, Princeton University Professor, said: 'If Saudi king does not appear in New York court to be interrogated, warrant will be issued against Saudi Arabia.' Riyadh and Washington relations declined over the past three years especially with Obama's policies on Syria.' JASTA shows Saudi ruling that Obama turned his back to its allies in the Middle East,' he added. 
Riyadh strictly denies his involvement in 9/11, While 15 of the 19 were from Saudi Arabia. Turki al-Faisal, the former head of Saudi intelligence, also comments:' America wants to invade his most loyal friend over the past 70 years.' 
Jasta law does not refer to Saudi Arabia. It would allow families of the victims of the September 11 terrorist attacks to sue the perpetrators of the attack.

ARTICLE

Email 

The Times made a reference on Thursday to the suffering of millions of Yemenis using the phrase "the forgotten war". 
An18-year-old Yemeni girl's image catches the attention on the front page of the newspaper. Her malnutrition reduced her to a skeleton and she has disturbingly become emaciated as a result of food shortage. 
This newspaper reported that Saida has been hospitalized in the port city of Hodeidah because of malnutrition while the city is under economic siege of Saudi Arabia.

ARTICLE

Email 

The excitement over the US election is culminating as the due date is getting closer. Each candidate is trying to use any device at hand to denigrate the other and morality is the last thing to strike the minds of the candidates. The fact of the matter is that morality is a dead circle in the American politics. Hillary Clinton, the democratic candidate, uses f-word in a debate ( http://en.institutomanquehue.org/publications/news/did-hillary-clinton-mutter-donald-trump-debate.html ) watched by hundreds of millions of people around the world and finds no shame in it. Even American religious leaders believe that Clinton is not competent to be the president of a religious country like United States ( http://en.institutomanquehue.org/publications/news/christian-right-leader-hillary-clinton-hostile-biblical-christianity.html ). On the other hand, the GOP candidate, Donald trump , has no better condition. His sexual harassments and violent ideas towards women were shocking not only for female victims, but also for the dominant male group in America. The violent use of words to address different groups of people, mainly in social media ( http://en.institutomanquehue.org/publications/news/as-first-lady-melania-trump-wants-to-save-you-from-her-husband.html ) , made it hard for the parents to allow their kids to follow him. Besides, the number of women that accused Trump of groping and rape ( http://en.institutomanquehue.org/publications/news/list-women-accused-donald-trump-of-sexual-assault.html ) is increasing day by day and the list is running on. The so-called locker-room video of Trump talking dirty about women and his attitude towards them leaked to the public to be the final shot on the republican candidate, but it did not have that much affect. It seems that even grabbing 'the women by the p'¦y' could not change their idea about Trump. 
All these information, some released by the opponent candidate and some by other sources mainly WikiLeaks, seems to have had little significance in the public orientation in choosing a candidate. This has less to do with the people than with the administration system and media empire in the United States. 
The fact that Trump does not talk about a rigged-election for respecting democracy and exercising the law is clear as a truth. His words that 'I will accept the result of the election if I were chosen' is more like a joke than the words of a would-be president. What Assange is trying to say in his tweet is that the rig is being done on a higher level than the polls or the voting system. The whole administration and political system is rigged in America and the people will not choose a candidate; they are chosen to choose. This is the truth behind the weird public orientation towards election in spite of all the information released about the corruptions of the two candidates in mass media. The fact that the media and the political system are rigging the election in a latent mode is the key to the question raised about the mysteries of the American election.

ARTICLE

Email 

An informed source in Yemen's AnsarAllah stated, last night, missile strikes by Yemen Houthis aimed to annihilate the Saudi's invading air force base in Jeddah. 
Saudis have repeatedly targeted the cities and Yemeni defenseless people by their air strikes through this airport. 
He said: we have admonished Saudis several times so far and urged them to put an end to their attacks, otherwise we would prevent them from committing tortures and crimes through our attacks. A ballistic missile Berkane was fired at King Abdulaziz airport, which is the Saudi's Royal air force position. This attack caused wide damages to the airport, leading to its closure. 
Jeddah is located 65 kilometers from Mecca, and Al-Arabiya news network announced that a ballistic missile belonging to Yemen Houthis was fired from Yemeni Sa'dah to the Holy city, Mecca. However, this missile was traced and intercepted at a distance of 65 kilometres from Mecca.

ARTICLE

Email 

An intriguing Ministry of Finance (MoF) report circulating in the Kremlin today says that elite Western bankers were stunned a few hours ago after the Bank For International Settlements (BIS) registered a $1.8 billion transfer from the Clinton Foundation (CF) to the Qatar Central Bank (QCB) through the 'facilitation/abetment' of JP Morgan Chase & Company (JPM)'”and for reasons yet to be firmly established. 
According to this report, the Bank for International Settlements is the world's oldest international financial organization and acts as a prime counterparty for central banks in their financial transactions; the Qatar Central Bank is the bank of that Gulf State nations government and their 'bank of banks'; JP Morgan Chase & Company is the United States largest 'megabank'; and the Clinton Foundation is an international criminal money laundering organization whose clients include the Russian mafia. 
With Hillary Clinton's US presidential campaign Chairman John Podesta having longstanding ties to the Russian mafia and money laundering, this report continues, the Foreign Intelligence Service (SVR) maintains complete surveillance of him and his criminal associates'”including both Hillary Clinton and her husband, and former US President, Bill Clinton. 
On Saturday 15 October (2016), this report notes, the SVR reported to the MoF that Hillary Clinton and John Podesta met with JP Morgan Chase & Company CEO Jamie Dimon at Clinton's Chappaqua Compound outside of New York City'”and who, in 2009, both President Obama and Hillary Clinton allowed to break US laws by his, Dimon's, being able to buy millions-of-dollars of his company's stocks prior to the public being told his JP Morgan bank was receiving a Federal Reserve $80 billion credit line'”and that caused JP Morgan's stocks to soar and that have had an astonishing 920% dividend growth since 2010. 
Within 12 hours of the Hillary Clinton-John Podesta-Jamie Dimon meeting at the Chappaqua Compound, this report continues, the BIS registered the transfer of $1.8 billion from the Clinton Foundation to the Qatar Central Bank. 
To why the Clinton Foundation transferred this enormous sum of money to Qatar, this report explains, is due to the longstanding ties between this Islamic neo-patrimonial absolute monarchy and then US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton who oversaw the 'massive bribery scheme' that allowed this Gulf State nation to secure the 2022 World Cup'”and that the Qataris were so appreciative of they donated millions to the Clinton Foundation, and incredibly, in 2011, gave former US President Bill Clinton $1 million for a birthday present'”bringing Hillary Clinton's total 'cash grab' from these Persian Gulf sheiks of $100 million'”all occurring as recently released secret emails revealed Hillary Clinton's knowledge that both Qatar and Saudi Arabia were, and still are, funding ISIS. 
To what Jamie Dimon said to Hillary Clinton that caused her to suddenly transfer $1.8 billion to Qatar, this report notes, revolves around his JP Morgan bank being told by the US Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) in April (2016) that this 'megabanks' master plan to save itself had 'serious deficiencies' that could 'pose serious adverse effects to the financial stability of the United States'. 
Two months after the FDIC's warning letter to Jamie Dimon, in June (2016), this report says, he cryptically 'sounded a warning' that the United States sub-prime auto loan bubble was nearing collapse and stated that 'someone is going to get hurt'. 
Unbeknownst to the American people, MoF experts in this report explain, is that just 8 weeks ago multiple warnings began to be issued that the United States $1 trillion sub-prime auto loan bubble was beginning to collapse'”and that this past week became so severe the Bank of America issued a recession warning telling its elite customers that 'this market is scary', and the British-based multinational banking and financial services company HSBC, likewise, issued a 'Red Alert' warning all of its clients warning them to 'prepare for a severe market crash'. 
With one of the first casualties of this sub-prime auto loan bubble being the German global banking giant Deutsche Bank that is 'nearing its doom' and laying off tens-of-thousands of it workers worldwide, this report grimly states, the American mainstream propaganda media is failing to allow the people of that nation to know the full extent of this looming catastrophe'”who unlike Hillary Clinton who has just protected $1.8 billion of her wealth, will be left defenseless once again at the hands of their elite rulers. 
As Wikileaks secret Hillary Clinton emails have now proven that the US propaganda mainstream media is now totally controlled by her, and who continue their blackout on the 'Clinton Crime Story of the Century', this report continues, the absolutely horrifying statistics released this week showing that an astounding 35% of American who have been brutalized by the Obama-Clinton regime these past 8 years are so buried in debt they can no longer pay their bills is, likewise, being kept from these most innocent of peoples.

ARTICLE

Email 

An intriguing Ministry of Finance (MoF) report circulating in the Kremlin today says that elite Western bankers were stunned a few hours ago after the Bank For International Settlements (BIS) registered a $1.8 billion transfer from the Clinton Foundation (CF) to the Qatar Central Bank (QCB) through the 'facilitation/abetment' of JP Morgan Chase & Company (JPM)'”and for reasons yet to be firmly established. 
According to this report, the Bank for International Settlements is the world's oldest international financial organization and acts as a prime counterparty for central banks in their financial transactions; the Qatar Central Bank is the bank of that Gulf State nations government and their 'bank of banks'; JP Morgan Chase & Company is the United States largest 'megabank'; and the Clinton Foundation is an international criminal money laundering organization whose clients include the Russian mafia. 
With Hillary Clinton's US presidential campaign Chairman John Podesta having longstanding ties to the Russian mafia and money laundering, this report continues, the Foreign Intelligence Service (SVR) maintains complete surveillance of him and his criminal associates'”including both Hillary Clinton and her husband, and former US President, Bill Clinton. 
On Saturday 15 October (2016), this report notes, the SVR reported to the MoF that Hillary Clinton and John Podesta met with JP Morgan Chase & Company CEO Jamie Dimon at Clinton's Chappaqua Compound outside of New York City'”and who, in 2009, both President Obama and Hillary Clinton allowed to break US laws by his, Dimon's, being able to buy millions-of-dollars of his company's stocks prior to the public being told his JP Morgan bank was receiving a Federal Reserve $80 billion credit line'”and that caused JP Morgan's stocks to soar and that have had an astonishing 920% dividend growth since 2010. 
Within 12 hours of the Hillary Clinton-John Podesta-Jamie Dimon meeting at the Chappaqua Compound, this report continues, the BIS registered the transfer of $1.8 billion from the Clinton Foundation to the Qatar Central Bank. 
To why the Clinton Foundation transferred this enormous sum of money to Qatar, this report explains, is due to the longstanding ties between this Islamic neo-patrimonial absolute monarchy and then US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton who oversaw the 'massive bribery scheme' that allowed this Gulf State nation to secure the 2022 World Cup'”and that the Qataris were so appreciative of they donated millions to the Clinton Foundation, and incredibly, in 2011, gave former US President Bill Clinton $1 million for a birthday present'”bringing Hillary Clinton's total 'cash grab' from these Persian Gulf sheiks of $100 million'”all occurring as recently released secret emails revealed Hillary Clinton's knowledge that both Qatar and Saudi Arabia were, and still are, funding ISIS. 
To what Jamie Dimon said to Hillary Clinton that caused her to suddenly transfer $1.8 billion to Qatar, this report notes, revolves around his JP Morgan bank being told by the US Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) in April (2016) that this 'megabanks' master plan to save itself had 'serious deficiencies' that could 'pose serious adverse effects to the financial stability of the United States'. 
Two months after the FDIC's warning letter to Jamie Dimon, in June (2016), this report says, he cryptically 'sounded a warning' that the United States sub-prime auto loan bubble was nearing collapse and stated that 'someone is going to get hurt'. 
Unbeknownst to the American people, MoF experts in this report explain, is that just 8 weeks ago multiple warnings began to be issued that the United States $1 trillion sub-prime auto loan bubble was beginning to collapse'”and that this past week became so severe the Bank of America issued a recession warning telling its elite customers that 'this market is scary', and the British-based multinational banking and financial services company HSBC, likewise, issued a 'Red Alert' warning all of its clients warning them to 'prepare for a severe market crash'. 
With one of the first casualties of this sub-prime auto loan bubble being the German global banking giant Deutsche Bank that is 'nearing its doom' and laying off tens-of-thousands of it workers worldwide, this report grimly states, the American mainstream propaganda media is failing to allow the people of that nation to know the full extent of this looming catastrophe'”who unlike Hillary Clinton who has just protected $1.8 billion of her wealth, will be left defenseless once again at the hands of their elite rulers. 
As Wikileaks secret Hillary Clinton emails have now proven that the US propaganda mainstream media is now totally controlled by her, and who continue their blackout on the 'Clinton Crime Story of the Century', this report continues, the absolutely horrifying statistics released this week showing that an astounding 35% of American who have been brutalized by the Obama-Clinton regime these past 8 years are so buried in debt they can no longer pay their bills is, likewise, being kept from these most innocent of peoples.

ARTICLE

Email 

Hebrew newspaper 'Haaretz': From the beginning of this year, Zionist regime has destroyed 80 houses belonging to Palestinians in the areas better known as "C" in the West Bank and Jerusalem. 
Totally, 453 houses had been destroyed by the military of Israel in 2015, so, it indicates that the number of destroyed houses have been dramatically increased this year.

ARTICLE



According to Twitter page Jil al HorriyavalTanweer, @jil_ht, the Egyptian president Abdel Fattah el-Sisi has claimed in his official twitter account that Turkey is pursuing a revival of Ottoman Empire by deploying military forces to Syria and Iraq, while Saudi Arabia is remaining silent against the disintegration and plundering of the Arab countries by the Erdogan regime, only because of strategic issues and its own hostility toward Bashar Assad.

ARTICLE



ARTICLE



Condemning two young men, accused for confirming the current government of Syria and Hezbollah, wondered Shia community in Saudi Arabia. The Public prosecutor claimed that the first defendant had the purpose of going to Yemen, and then to Syria, to join the army for fighting against the Takfiri terrorists. And the second one, had paid 2500 riyals to him as the expense of his trip. 
Despite six years of war in Syria, and definite denies of Shiites in Saudi Arabia for having connections with Iran and Syria, they are still accused for trying to make chaos in the region. None of these allegations has been proven, but Shiites are worried about the reflection of the chaotic situation of the region against themselves.

ARTICLE

l Saudi Arabia announces the VAT Act, which was the last touches which come into force in early 2018 mode, and angry on Twitter. After the case of austerity pursued by the government of Al-Saud and the trade deficit in the budget, said Ibrahim al-Assaf, Saudi Minister of Finance, on Thursday, by members of the Ministry of Finance meeting, it was finalized last basics of the adoption of the VAT law, and will be implemented in the early 2018 according to an earlier agreement, a law requiring the buyer to pay a financial tax of $ (5% or 10%) on everything you buy from any store and these fees (value added) of the state and is applied in most countries of the world. This law has angered the Saudis on social networks commentators on this law that will adversely affect the community, describing the situation experienced by their government that when there is a surplus in the budget, they go to the rich pockets, and when there is a deficit in the budget are taken from the pockets of the poor and this law is a "reward for the rich .... and the punishment of the poor."

ARTICLE


Queen Elizabeth II is not like you and me. 
Did you know she is immune from prosecution? That she has her own personal poet, paid in Sherry wine? Or that she holds dominion over British swans and can fire the entire Australian government? 
It's true that her role as the British head of state is largely ceremonial, and the Monarch no longer holds any serious power from day to day. The historic "prerogative powers" of the Sovereign have been devolved largely to government ministers. But this still means that when the British government declares war, or regulates the civil service, or signs a treaty, it is doing so only on her authority. 
And she still wields some of these prerogative powers herself '” as well as numerous other unique powers, ranging from the surprising to the utterly bizarre. 
Most famously, she owns all swans in the River Thames. 
Technically, all unmarked swans in open water belong to the Queen, though the Crown "exercises her ownership" only "on certain stretches of the Thames and its surrounding tributaries," according to the official website of the Royal Family. 
Today this tradition is observed during the annual "Swan Upping," in which swans in the River Thames are caught, ringed, and set free again as part of census of the swan population. 
It's a highly ceremonial affair, taking place over five days. "Swan uppers" wear traditional uniforms and row upriver in six skiffs accompanied by the Queen's Swan Marker. 
"The swans are also given a health check and ringed with individual identification numbers by The Queen's Swan Warden, a Professor of Ornithology at the University of Oxford's Department of Zoology," according to the Royal Family website. 
"Rule, Britannia, Britannia rules the waves," goes a classic British song '” and this rule extends beneath the waves, too. The sovereign has dominion over a variety of aquatic animals in British waters. 
The Queen still technically owns all the sturgeons, whales, and dolphins in the waters around England and Wales, in a rule that dates back to a statute from 1324, during the reign of King Edward II, according to Time. 
According to the article: "This statute is still valid today, and sturgeons, porpoises, whales, and dolphins are recognised as 'fishes royal': when they are captured within 3 miles (about 5 km) of UK shores or wash ashore, they may be claimed on behalf of the Crown. Generally, when brought into port, a sturgeon is sold in the usual way, and the purchaser, as a gesture of loyalty, requests the honour of its being accepted by Elizabeth." 
The law is still observed: In 2004, a Welsh fisherman was investigated by the police after catching a 10-foot sturgeon, the BBC reported at the time. The Scottish government also issued guidance on the law in 2007, writing that "the right to claim Royal Fish in Scotland allows the Scottish Government (on behalf of the Crown) to claim stranded whales which are too large to be drawn to land by a 'wain pulled by six oxen.'" 
The Queen can drive without a licence. 
Driving licenses are issued in the Queen's name, yet she is the only person in the United Kingdom who doesn't legally need a license to drive or a number plate on her cars, according to Time. 
Despite not being required to have a license, the Queen is comfortable behind the wheel, having learned to drive during World War II when she operated a first-aid truck for the Women's Auxillary Territorial Service. (As a result of the Queen's training, she can also change a spark plug, Time notes). 
Queen Elizabeth II isn't afraid to show off her driving skills, either. In 1998, she surprised King Abdullah of Saudi Arabia (then still a prince) by driving him around in her country seat of Balmoral. 
Former British Ambassador Sherard Cowper-Coles recounted the meeting in the Sunday Times: "As instructed, the crown prince climbed into the front seat of the front Land Rover, with his interpreter in the seat behind. To his surprise, the Queen climbed into the driving seat, turned the ignition and drove off. Women are not '” yet '” allowed to drive in Saudi Arabia, and Abdullah was not used to being driven by a woman, let alone a queen." 
Cowper-Coles continued: "His nervousness only increased as the Queen, an army driver in wartime, accelerated the Land Rover along the narrow Scottish estate roads, talking all the time. Through his interpreter, the crown prince implored the Queen to slow down and concentrate on the road ahead." 
Unlike other members of the Royal family, the Queen does not require a passport, as they are issued in her name. Despite this lack of travel documents, she has been abroad many times. 
She has two birthdays. 
When you're the British head of state, one birthday just isn't enough. The Queen's official birthday is celebrated on a Saturday in June, though her actual birthday is on April 21. 
"Official celebrations to mark a sovereign's birthday have often been held on a day other than the actual birthday, particularly when the actual birthday has not been in the summer," according to the Royal Mint. 
Both birthdays are celebrated in suitable style, too. Her actual birthday "is marked publicly by gun salutes in central London at midday," according to the official website of the British Monarchy. This includes "a 41-gun salute in Hyde Park, a 21-gun salute in Windsor Great Park, and a 62-gun salute at the Tower of London. In 2006, Her Majesty celebrated her 80th Birthday in 2006 with a walkabout in the streets outside of Windsor Castle to meet well-wishers." 
For her "official" birthday celebrations, meanwhile, she "is joined by other members of the Royal Family at the spectacular Trooping the Colour parade, which moves between Buckingham Palace, The Mall, and Horseguards' Parade." 
She has her own private cash machine. 
Less a "power" and more a perk of the job, a private cash machine for use by the royal family is installed in the basement of Buckingham Palace. It's provided by Coutts, one of Britain's most prestigious '” and exclusive '” banks. 
The Queen has her own personal poet. 
The poet laureate is an honorary position in British society appointed by the Monarch to a poet "whose work is of national significance," according to the official website of the British Monarchy. When first the role was introduced, the appointee was paid Â£200 per year plus a butt of canary wine. Today the poet laureate is given a barrel of Sherry. 
Carol Ann Duffy will hold the position until 2019. 
She has to sign laws. 
The Queen's consent is necessary to turn any bill into an actual law. Once a proposed law has passed both houses of Parliament, it makes its way to the Palace for approval, which is called "Royal Assent." The most recent British Monarch to refuse to provide Royal Assent was Queen Anne, back in 1708. 
Royal Assent is different than "Queen's consent," in which the Queen must consent to any law being debated in Parliament that affects the Monarchy's interests (such as reforming the prerogative or tax laws that might affect the Duchy of Cornwall, for example). Without consent, the bill cannot be debated in Parliament. 
Queen's consent is exercised only on the advice of ministers, but its existence provides the government with a tool for blocking debate on certain subjects if bills are tabled by backbench rebels or the opposition. 
It has been exercised at least 39 times, according to documents released under the Freedom of Information act, including "one instance [in which] the Queen completely vetoed the Military Actions Against Iraq Bill in 1999, a private member's bill that sought to transfer the power to authorise military strikes against Iraq from the monarch to parliament," The Guardian reported in 2013. 
She can create Lords. 
The Queen has the power to appoint Lords, who can then sit in Parliament, the upper house in Britain's legislative system. Like many other powers, this is exercised only "on the advice of" elected government ministers. 
She doesn't have to pay tax (but she does anyway). 
The Queen does not have to pay tax, but she has been voluntarily paying income tax and capital gains tax since 1992. 
The Queen has the power to form governments. 
Unlike the Queen, Prime Minister David Cameron doesn't literally sit on a throne. Rob Stothard/Getty Images/HBO/BI 
The Queen previously wielded the power to dissolve Parliament and call a general election, but the Fixed-Term Parliaments Act put an end to that in 2011. Now a two-thirds vote in the commons is required to dissolve Parliament before a five-year fixed-term is up. 
She does still play a part after an election, however, when she calls on the MP most able to form a government to do so. 
This caused some worry ahead of this year's General Election. It once looked as if the Conservatives might not have a majority (but would be the largest party) and would try to form a government. Meanwhile, it was feasible that Labour could form a majority, despite having fewer seats, by entering into a coalition with multiple other parties. 
In this situation, the Queen would have been stuck between a rock and a hard place. Every year, she opens Parliament with the Queen's speech, which lays out the government's plans. But to give David Cameron's speech would arguably be to tacitly endorse his government '” while staying away would send the opposite message. 
At one point, The Times was told by sources that she planned to "stay away" if Cameron failed to secure enough MPs, but the Palace later had an about-face. "Royal sources confirmed she would lead proceedings, even if there was a risk the speech would be overthrown the following week because the Tories had failed to muster enough backing from smaller parties," The Times subsequently reported. 
She has knights.'‹ 
Sure, they no longer ride around on horseback wooing maidens with their tales of valour, but Britain still retains knights. Like Lords, they are appointed by the Queen '” and she knights them personally. 
Knighthoods are typically given to figures who have made a particular contribution to British society '” whether in business, the arts, the military, or elsewhere. After Terry Pratchett was knighted, the legendary fantasy author forged himself a special sword using pieces of a meteorite. 
The individuals knighted are decided by ministers, the BBC reports, "who present her with a list of nominees each year for her approval." 
She is exempt from Freedom Of Information requests. 
All information about the royal family is exempt from Freedom of Information requests. The exemption was made after a legal battle between The Guardian and the government to have letters from Prince Charles sent to Whitehall ministers made public. The so-called black spider memos were recently released, but the change means the same can't happen in the future. 
She can ignore or overrule ministerial advice in "grave constitutional crisis." 
While the overwhelming majority of the Queen's prerogative powers are devolved to her ministers, there is one exception that allows her to wield power herself. Only "in grave constitutional crisis," the Sovereign can "act contrary to or without Ministerial advice." With no precedent in modern times, it's not clear what would actually constitute this, but the possibility remains. 
The Queen holds the ability to fire the entire Australian government. 
As the head of state in Australia, the Queen has certain powers over the government. In 1975, for example, the Queen's representative in the country at the time, Gov. Gen. Sir John Kerr, fired the prime minister in response to a government shutdown. 
"[Kerr] appointed a replacement, who immediately passed the spending bill to fund the government, Max Fisher wrote in The Washington Post. "Three hours later, Kerr dismissed the rest of Parliament. Then Australia held elections to restart from scratch. And they haven't had another shutdown since." 
In addition to the UK and Australia, the Queen is also the head of state in Antigua and Barbuda, the Bahamas, Barbados, Belize, Canada, Grenada, Jamaica, New Zealand, Papua New Guinea, Saint Kitts and Nevis, Saint Lucia, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines, Solomon Islands, and Tuvalu. 
All the above are Commonwealth Realms, or former British colonies. The British sovereign retains the position she holds in the United Kingdom, that of head of state. As in Britain, this is largely a ceremonial role from day to day. 
She's the head of a religion. 
Queen Elizabeth II is the head of the Church of England, Britain's state religion first established after King Henry VIII split away from the Catholic Church in Rome in the 16th century. 
Her formal title is defender of the faith and supreme governor of the Church of England, and she also has the power to appoint Bishops and Archbishops. As with many of her other powers, however, this is exercised only on the advice of the prime minister, who himself takes advice from a Church Commission. 
An interesting side effect of this is that the Sovereign must be a confirmed member of Church of England. Catholics and those of other religions may not ascend to the British throne. If Prince Charles converted to Islam, for example, he would be unable to become king after Queen Elizabeth II dies. 
She gets to give away special money to the elderly. 
Maundy money is a special kind of silver coin the Queen gives away to pensioners every year at a UK cathedral every Easter in a special ceremony. The number of recipients corresponds with the Sovereign's age. This year, for example, she will be 89 when Easter rolls around, so she will give maundy money away to 89 pensioners. 
The coins are technically legal tender, despite coming in unconventional 3-pence and 4-pence denominations. But given the coins' rare status, they tend not to enter general circulation. 
She's also immune from prosecution. 
All prosecutions are carried out in the name of the Sovereign, and she is both immune from prosecution and cannot be compelled to give evidence in court. 
In theory, the Sovereign "is incapable of thinking or doing wrong," legal scholar John Kirkhope told Business Insider. However, barrister Baroness Helena Kennedy QC told the BBC in 2002 that "nowadays, that immunity is questionable." 
"Although civil and criminal proceedings cannot be taken against the Sovereign as a person under UK law, the Queen is careful to ensure that all her activities in her personal capacity are carried out in strict accordance with the law," according to official site of the Monarchy. 
If the monarch did commit a grievance offence, he or she would almost certainly be forced to abdicate. There is at least one precedent of the Courts' prosecuting the Sovereign. In the 17th Century, King Charles I was tried for treason following the English Civil War. He said "no earthly power can justly call me (who am your King) in question as a delinquent." The Court disagreed and had him executed. 
The Queen has the right to be consulted, to encourage, and to warn her ministers. 
Assuming no "grave constitutional crisis," the Queen's input into the legislative process is supposed to be limited in real terms to the right "to be consulted, to encourage, and to warn" her ministers '” advice delivered via meetings with the prime minister. 
The Queen also has certain historic rights and privileges. John Kirkhope, a lawyer who successfully campaigned to have details of "Queen's consent" made public, provided Business Insider with a list of some of the stranger rights the Queen still holds. 
Hungerford has to present a red rose to the Sovereign in exchange for its fishing and grazing rights.The Duke of Atholl must pay by way of a rose whenever the Sovereign calls. This most recently happened during the reign of Queen Victoria, so it's unclear whether the rose has to be any particular colour.If the Sovereign passes near Kidwelly Castle in Wales, the tenant has to provide a bodyguard in full armour. This is complicated slightly by the fact the castle is a ruin.The Marquis of Ailesbury owns Savernake Forest and is required to produce a blast on a hunting horn should the Sovereign pass through the Forest. This last happened in 1943.Similarly, the owner of Dunlambert Castle in Northern Ireland has to produce a blast on an ancient bugle.And lastly, many landowners must also pay a "quit-rent" '” a kind of tax on their property paid to the Monarch. Some are pretty unusual. 
The owner of Sauchlemuir Castle must set out three glasses of port on New Year's Eve for the grandmother of James IV of Scotland. (For reference, James IV served from 1474 to 1513.)The owner of Fowlis must deliver '” when required '” a snowball in mid-summer.The City of Gloucester pays for its holdings of Crown Lands by providing an enormous eel pie.Great Yarmouth must provide a hundred herrings baked in 24 pasties to the Sheriff, who then sends them to the Lord of the Manor '” who then sends them to the Sovereign.The Duke of Marlborough has to present a small satin flag with a Fleur de Lys on August 13, the anniversary of the Battle of Blenheim.The Duke of Wellington has to present a French Tricolour flag before noon on June 19 '” the anniversary of the Battle of Waterloo.

