ARTICLE


VIA End The Fed 

On Friday, Connecticut state Representative Christina 'Tita” Ayala, 31 years old, who represents Bridgeport was arrested on 19 counts of voter fraud. The Connecticut State Attorney's office said that she is accused of voting in various local and state elections where she does not live. Ayala was originally elected into Connecticut's 128th District in 2012 and lost her reelection campaign. 

Ayala was charged with eight counts of fraudulent voting, 10 counts of primary or enrollment violations and one count of tampering with or fabricating physical evidence. 

The case was originally referred to the Office of the Chief State's Attorney in late 2013 by the Elections Enforcement Commission. The crimes occurred between 2009 and 2012. Her mother, Santa, was also investigated however no charges have been filed against Ayala's mother. 

Voter fraud is a serious felony and according to the press release voter fraud is a felony punishable by 'not less than one year or more than two years in prison and a fine of $300 to $500 per count.” The arrest warrant also alleges Ayala favbircated evidence then handed it over to investigators with the Connecticut Election Enforcement Commission. She said she lived at a false address inside a district she is accused of voting in but actually lives outside that district. This is a Class D felony carrying a maximum prison sentence up to five years per count. 
This is why Trump says it's rigged, and he was right. This is just one of many voter frauds that's came out already. 


ARTICLE



According to 'Citizens for Trump” Special Projects Director Jack Posobiec, Hillary will be getting some more rest. 
In a tweet, he simply said: 'Hillary has cancelled all campaign events in FL, OH, and NC.” 
The plan is to start working in states she's lost serious ground in — like Pennsylvania, New Hampshire, Virginia, and Michigan. 

— Jack Posobiec 🇺🇸 (@JackPosobiec) October 29, 2016 
It seems that Hillary's campaign is on the death bed. It's finally happening folks! Why wasn't this reported everywhere on the mass media?! 


ARTICLE

George Orwell 0 Comment 
Yesterday's bombshell from the FBI on Hillary's campaign seems like is much worse than previously expected. 
James Comey said that the FBI discovered 'new emails” pertinent to the previous investigation on 'several devices.” The agency has found a staggering number of emails, and they were found on Huma Abedin's estranged husband's laptop. 
VIA America's Freedom Fighters 

That's not even the worst part. It was previously discovered that Abedin had been archiving her email account from her work at the State Department on her personal email account, although the reason why is unclear. 
More from Zero Hedge: 

We first laid what was the most likely explanation yesterday, when we showed several examples of Huma Abedin emails being sent from her work email account to her personal account at humaabedin@yahoo.com, courtesy of a Judicial Watch FOIA release. Of the more than 160 emails in the latest Judicial Watch release, some 110 emails – two-thirds of the total – were forwarded by Abedin to two personal addresses she controlled. The Washington Times reported in August 2015 that the State Department had admitted to a federal judge that Abedin and Mills used personal email accounts to conduct government business in addition to Clinton's private clintonemail.com to transact State Department business. 

One email from May 15, 2009, was sent by Abedin from her State Department email to her personal email. Abedin was archiving in her personal email account an email Hillary Clinton sent her from Clinton's private email server at HDR22@clintonemail.com. Abedin was asked to print out attachments to an email Mills sent via a private address the previous day to Clinton involving 'timetables and deliverables” for her review via Alec Ross, a technology policy expert who then held the title of senior adviser for innovation to Secretary Clinton. 

However, while forwarding Hillary's emails to her personal email server for 'convenience” is one thing, what is more troubling is the amount of redaction involved in these emails which migrated to the open email account, which as we now know ended up in Anthony Weiner's computer: in the above example, the two pages of timetables and deliverables attached to the email were 100 percent redacted, with 'PAGE DENIED” stamped across the first redacted page. 

At this point it's impossible to know why Abedin did what she did; however, the fact that FBI reopened this case this close to the election let's us know there's something seriously, seriously wrong with this entire ordeal. 
This is more proof that she is CROOKED, and should be tried for treason! 


ARTICLE


VIA Conservative Tribune 
In 2000, computer programmer Clinton 'Clint” Curtis was ordered to design an undetectable computer program that could flip the results of a close election, according to ClashDaily and the St. Petersburg Times, now the Tampa Bay Times . 
Curtis testified before the U.S. House Judiciary Committee that his employer, Yang Enterprises Inc., told him, 'We need to steal an election.” The program was intended for the computerized voting machines to which Florida would be transitioning starting in 2002. 
You can watch the video here: 
CLICK HERE TO SEE THE VIDEO 
This is it, folks. Despite the liberal media's efforts to convince us all otherwise and paint naysayers as conspiracy theorists, Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump is right. Rigging an election has never been easier. 
The left painted Clint Curtis as a nut, a conspiracy theorist, a disgruntled ex-employee. They published photoshopped images of him wearing a tinfoil hat and did everything possible to discredit one man who was standing up for the truth. 
Curtis voluntarily took a polygraph test, alleging that one of the consultants at his employer was a Chinese national and convicted spy. Yang Enterprises denied ever knowing consultant Hai Lin Nee, while in fact they had been assisting him for years in repeatedly extending his U.S. Visa. 
The Florida Department of Transportation inspector investigating the ballot tampering allegations, Raymond Lemme, was found dead in an apparent suicide. Both Curtis and Lemme's family members believe he was murdered. 
In 2005, computer experts demonstrated for officials in Leon County, Florida, how simple it was to flip election results while leaving no detectable trace of their efforts. 
Where is the liberal media in all this? Where are the Democrats who are supposedly so concerned with our fundamental rights? 
They're in a back room, preparing to steal an election if the people's voice isn't heard on Election Day. On Nov. 8, be that decent person standing up for truth. 
What are your thoughts on this? Do you think that the election is rigged? 
Share us your thoughts in the comments section below. 

ARTICLE

USA News Flash 1 Comment 
As you know, the NYPD confiscated Huma and Antony Weiner's home devices as part of the investigation into Weiner's 'sexting” with underage girls. 
Well guess what… the cops didn't stop only with them. They also raider Hillary's property and guess what they found?! 
An NYPD source just claimed that within the emails on that device, Hillary and Bill are directly implicated ins a MASSIVE child sex/trafficking ring along with their friend, and convicted pedophile, Jeffrey Epstein. (See Below) 
According to the source, 
'…It's much more vile and serious than classified material on Weiner's device. The emails DETAIL the trips made by Weiner, Bill and Hillary on their pedophile billionaire friend's plane, the Lolita Express.” 
'We're talking an international child enslavement and sex ring' 
These claims were backed up by other NYPD sources as well: 
Jeff Epstein is a level-3 registered sex offender and the media ignores the fact hat Bill Clinton flew 26 times on Epstein's private Jet and allegedly visited Epstein's sex slave island. Now that Hillary has also been directly implicated, the media cannot ignore this any longer! 
The NYPD source makes specific claims about her involvement. He says, 'Hillary has a well documented predilection for underage girls, and Mr. Weiner could not bear to see those details deleted.” 
This can very well be the biggest scandal of Hillary Clinton. She is definitely losing the election after this. 
Let's all share this article everywhere and expose her! The media refuses to cover this, but we will. 
Thank you for reading. 

ARTICLE


Everyday, more and more information surfaces about Benghazi. 
A critical email that just surfaced shows that the Pentagon offered to act immediately in Benghazi. 
Here are the details: 
VIA Allen B West 
The ugly truth about Benghazi continues to trickle out. Like this critical email that shows the Pentagon urgently offering help to the unfolding attack in Benghazi on September 11, 2012. And although it came after the first wave of the attack at the consulate, it occurred before a mortar strike on the CIA annex killed Ty Woods and Glenn Doherty. 
As Judicial Watch notes, the email 'leaves no doubt military assets were offered and ready to go, and awaiting State Department signoff, which did not come.” 
In other words, the Pentagon was offering military assets that potentially could have saved the lives of American citizens — if only the State Department had signed off. 
Of course, we all remember who was leading the State Department at that time. Everyone's favorite leading Democrat candidate for president, Hillary Clinton. 
Via The Right Scoop : 
An email recently obtained by Judicial Watch shows that the Pentagon was demanding Hillary allow them to send help to Benghazi during the 2012 attack. This would completely contradict the claim from Hillary and Leon Panetta that no forces were available and within reach to provide help to the compound that was under siege. 
From Fox News: 
As the attack on the U.S. consulate in Benghazi was unfolding, a high-ranking Pentagon official urgently messaged Secretary of State Hillary Clinton's top deputies to offer military help, according to an email obtained by Judicial Watch. 
The revelation appears to contradict testimony Defense Secretary Leon Panetta gave lawmakers in 2013, when he said there was no time to get forces to the scene in Libya, where four Americans were killed, including U.S. Ambassador to Libya Christopher Stevens. 
'I just tried you on the phone but you were all in with S [apparent reference to then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton],” reads the email, from Panetta's chief of staff Jeremy Bash. 'After consulting with General Dempsey, General Ham and the Joint Staff, we have identified the forces that could move to Benghazi. They are spinning up as we speak.” 
Ironically, Hillary Clinton and her minions were concerned with spinning the story instead of gearing up the military forces. 
Here's the email: More: 
The email was sent out at 7:19 p.m. ET on Sept. 11, 2012, in the early stages of the eight-hour siege that also claimed the lives of Foreign Service Information Management Officer Sean Smith and two former Navy SEALs, Ty Woods and Glen Doherty, private CIA contractors who raced to the aid of embattled State Department workers. 
Although the email came after the first wave of the attack at the consulate, it occurred before a mortar strike on the CIA annex killed Woods and Doherty. 
'This leaves no doubt military assets were offered and ready to go, and awaiting State Department signoff, which did not come,” Judicial Watch, a nonprofit government watchdog said in a statement. 
Parts of the email from Bash were redacted before release, including details on what military forces were available. 
So there it is. Panetta and Hillary LIED to the American public over and over, and the media never pressed them enough to demand answers. 
The clincher? This information has been available since a month after the attack. But as Judicial Watch notes: 
The Obama administration and Clinton officials hid this compelling Benghazi email for years,” said Judicial Watch President Tom Fitton. 'The email makes readily apparent that the military was prepared to launch immediate assistance that could have made a difference, at least at the CIA Annex. The fact that the Obama Administration withheld this email for so long only worsens the scandal of Benghazi. 

