ARTICLE

by Michael Pento, Market Oracle : 
On election night, as political analysts were coming to terms with the possibility of a Trump presidency, the Dow Jones futures plummeted over 800 points, and Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 plunged more than 6.1%. Investors across the country went to sleep with nightmares of protectionism (Smoot-Hawley Trade Tariffs 2.0) and the fiscal train wreck that a Trump presidency might bring. 
But by the start of trading on November 9th, Dow futures had recouped most of their losses, and it didn't take long for the erstwhile despondent equity markets to turn sharply positive. 
America reached a sudden epiphany that it perhaps had elected a pro-growth champion in the White House with an obsequious Republican Congress. Therefore, for those on Wall Street it became once again 'Morning in America.' 
However, I would warn that before you pile your life savings into an S&P 500 ETF and fall into a complacent slumber, it's important to explain why the markets have gotten ahead of themselves and where things can go very wrong from here. 
The earnings rebound for equities had been predicated on a falling USD and an oil price rebound. Most importantly, markets had relied upon the Fed's provision of artificially-low interest rates as far as the eye can see. However, oil prices have fallen from over $51 a barrel a month ago to $45 today. The dollar index has risen from 98.61 before the election to over 101, which is a fourteen-year high, and long-term interest rates are now spiking. 
According to Reuter's, interest rates on the 30-year fixed mortgage averaged 3.95%, up from 3.77% the prior week, the highest level since January of this year. Rates on the 15-year Fixed-rate and Five-year adjustable-rate mortgage rose to their highest levels since March. This has already started to take its toll on mortgage refinancing, as the MBA's weekly measure of application activity for refi's fell 10.9% last week. This is soon to be exacerbated when the Fed resumes its rate hiking mode in December. 
But it's not just interest rates in the U.S. that are rising; rates are spiking all around the globe. For example, the Italian Ten-year yield has jumped an incredible 45% in the past few trading sessions. 
But the perma-bulls on Wall Street, who first warned that a Trump presidency would be a disaster, now believe that a drastic rise in rates around the world will be ameliorated by a bit more growth here in the United States sometime in the future. But the President's protectionist trade policies and massive deficits will be an offset to much of his growth measures. 
And while relief on taxes and regulations is something to celebrate, as of now, not one dollar of taxes has been cut, not one regulation has been reduced, and not one shovel for a 'shovel ready job' has been purchased. The point is that rising rates could send the anemic U.S. economy into a recession before any of Trump's plans come to fruition. 
And certainly, U.S. economic growth will not get any help from Emerging Markets (EM). As the significant correction in EM shares immediately following the election is foreboding tough times are ahead for these nations that are strapped with huge amounts of dollar denominated debt. 
But perhaps the most important point to remember is that during the Regan Revolution, which started back in the early 1980's, morning in America didn't come overnight. It took time for those harmful Keynesian fiscal and monetary policies to work themselves through the system. It took almost two years for that imbalance to rectify, and for dawn to break for both the economy and equities. But today's imbalances are far greater than what was extent in 1980. 
In November of 1980, the S&P 500 was 140; and it was at the same level in November of 1982. It wasn't until 1983 that the S&P 500 saw significant moves higher. Furthermore, the U.S. economy experienced two major recessions during that timeframe, as then Fed Chair Paul Volker squeezed the harmful monetary policies of the 1970's out of the economy. The first recession occurring between January and July 1980 and the other from July 1981 to November of 1982. 
Ronald Regan reduced the top rate income tax bracket from 70% to 50%. According to CNN Money, the amalgamated plan proposed by Trump and the House could lower the top bracket to 33%. However, the top tax rate currently sits at 39.6%. Therefore, tax reductions, although good news, will not have the same effect as it did in the 80's. This is because marginal rates will only fall a few percentage points on those job creators, rather than the 20 percentage points enjoyed under Regan. 
Furthermore, debt levels as a percentage of GDP back during the Regan Revolution pale in comparison to those of today. A rapid increase in interest rates will make the cost to service debt extremely onerous. Add to this the massive amount of infrastructure spending that Trump has proposed and we are likely to see much larger deficits and eventually much weaker GDP growth. 
Finally, as seen in the chart below, stocks began the decade of the 80's with a very modest price to earnings multiples and therefore had a lot of room to run. It's less likely that Trump's 'Morning in America' will be as favorable for stocks give today's lofty PE's. 
The stock market is a forward-looking indicator. And while it is uplifting to see it anticipate better news for the economy, investors should understand that a massive bubble in the bond market isn't going to unwind with impunity-especially in light of the already overvalued stock market and the huge increase in leverage ratios that exist today. That truth extends to most asset classes and the global economy. Trump may end up turning Mourning in America to Morning…but a surging interest rates may bring Midnight first.
ARTICLE

ZeroHedge.com ALL CONTENT ON 'SGTREPORT.COM' AS WELL AS THE 'SGTBULL07' YOUTUBE CHANNEL IS PROVIDED FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY. 'SGTREPORT' ASSUMES ALL INFORMATION TO BE TRUTHFUL AND RELIABLE; HOWEVER, THE CONTENT ON THIS SITE IS PROVIDED WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. NO MATERIAL HERE CONSTITUTES "INVESTMENT ADVICE" NOR IS IT A RECOMMENDATION TO BUY OR SELL ANY FINANCIAL INSTRUMENT, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO STOCKS, COMMODITIES, OPTIONS, BONDS, FUTURES, OR INTRINSICALLY VALUELESS FEDERAL RESERVE NOTES, PRINTED FROM THIN AIR BY A PRIVATELY OWNED, THIEVING, OFFSHORE CORPORATION, OPERATED BY SATAN HIMSELF. ACTIONS YOU UNDERTAKE AS A CONSEQUENCE OF ANY ANALYSIS, OPINION OR ADVERTISEMENT ON THIS SITE ARE YOUR SOLE RESPONSIBILITY. THANK YOU. Privacy Policy
ARTICLE

Help us spread the ANTIDOTE to corporate propaganda. Please follow SGT Report on Twitter & help share the message. Related 1 comment to Wake Up with Steve Curtis – James Rickards – Road To Ruin wauhoo November 23, 2016 at 9:41 pm · Reply 
I know that a lot of people on this site distrust Jim Rickards because of his poohpoohing the airline stock trading around 911, and that makes me wonder too, but he sure makes sense when he does interviews about his books. The SDR scenario is probably what is planned, and he always drives home the point of having 10% of your wealth in PMs and that percentage will keep you afloat on the other side of the collapse. I guess the 'listen to all and follow none' idea applies here, and Jim Rickards is at least worth listening to. Leave a Reply You can use these HTML tags 
<a href="" title=""><abbr title=""><acronym title=""><b><blockquote cite=""><cite><code><del datetime=""><em><i><q cite=""><s><strike><strong>
ARTICLE

(Table 9) Prec Metals= Mostly Silver 
JP Morgan = $16.7 Billion Citibank = $8.3 Billion 
Although those numbers may seems small in the grand scope of their total derivative positions (JPM = $53T & CITI = $50T) these are the only two banks listed on the report listing ANY silver derivatives! Also, with silver being so massively undervalued a 10x move would mean losses in the 100's of billions for the silver shorts. (*you can add Deutsche Bank and Commerzbank to the list of silver derivative shorts in Europe!) 
Of course, the OCC reports on only US banks but the near fact that the two most dangerous banks in the world are the two holding the huge silver derivative positions is a clear indication that SILVER MANIPULATION GAME MAY EXPLODE AT ANY MOMENT! 
Stay tuned for more on this in the coming weeks/months as their game goes sideways. 
May the Road. you choose be the Right Road. 
Bix Weir www.RoadtoRoota.com 
PS – IF Donald Trump actually makes it to Jan 20th and gets sworn in as our next President then he will be in charge of the Exchange Stabilization Fund and can pull the plug on the Global Market Rigging Operation at the moment of his choosing. 
Let's pray he makes it that far as the 'forces of darkness' (aka The Bad Guys) are clearly lining up to stop him from taking office. Help us spread the ANTIDOTE to corporate propaganda. Please follow SGT Report on Twitter & help share the message. Related
ARTICLE

Help us spread the ANTIDOTE to corporate propaganda. Please follow SGT Report on Twitter & help share the message. Related 1 comment to BANG! What The Globalists Are About To UNLEASH On Trump Will KILL America Ed_B November 23, 2016 at 7:09 pm · Reply 
Bang? The globalists have been taking it on the chin lately and aren't really in any position to be laying much of anything on anyone. They are still reeling from the BrExit and Trumps election. About the time they figure out how they screwed the pooch on those issues, they will be smacked up-side the head by the continuing disintegration of their EU project, as more countries leave it on the ash heap of history and move forward into the light of a much more positive, productive, and free world. Good on the ba$tard$. 😀 Leave a Reply You can use these HTML tags 
<a href="" title=""><abbr title=""><acronym title=""><b><blockquote cite=""><cite><code><del datetime=""><em><i><q cite=""><s><strike><strong>
ARTICLE

by Jon Rappoport, Activist Post : 
'If Donald Trump can help her [Hillary] heal, then perhaps that's a good thing to do.' —Kellyanne Conway, former Trump campaign manager 
Donald Trump achieved two great things in his presidential campaign: he stopped Hillary Clinton from occupying the White House, and he ran against the media by attacking them mercilessly. 
Everything else is up for grabs. We will see. 
Already, he has made some 'errors.' The appointment of Mike Pompeo as CIA director is a bad move. Pompeo, as a congressman, introduced the Dark Act, which now prevents the states from requiring GMO labels on food. And he favors the death sentence for Edward Snowden. 
Multiple media outlets are reporting that Trump will not attempt to prosecute Hillary Clinton. This is on the level of lowering the window shades for a vampire as dawn breaks. Hillary was certainly guilty in the email case, and the Clinton Foundation is a pay-for-play money laundering operation of global proportions—a private and parallel State Department, in which cash is the only standard for 'diplomacy.' And these charges are mere low-hanging fruit on the Clinton crime family tree. 
Pursuing justice is supposed to be a Trump hallmark. 
Politics in the Matrix is a tap dance and a shuffle. Deals and compromises are made all the way along the line. Washington and its media allies suck their very life juices from those deals. Like some fungus, they thrive in the dark every-day corruption of This traded for That. In many ways, Trump exclaimed he was above the game. The deals he was going to make would all be on the side of benefiting America—so he has a price to pay for asserting he was most definitely a different character on the political scene. 
That unbridled assertion was what drove huge numbers of people to show up at his rallies all over the country. They wanted an outsider who had a serious ax to grind with Washington and the media. They wanted him to be angry and outraged—because they were, too. They didn't want a great healer, because justice comes before healing. 
Many of them had felt the effects of Globalism and its grotesque trade treaties. They were out of work, and he was going to bring back jobs. But that wasn't their only motivation. They knew their jobs had been stolen by anti-American elites, and they wanted the sword of justice to fall on those elites. They knew Hillary Clinton was an arch-Globalist. 
For these millions of Trump supporters, forgiving and forgetting and moving on isn't presidential. It smells bad. They were never part of the glazed-over New Age crowd, and they aren't now. The cheese-glob 'coming together' isn't in their lexicon. They don't view anger as a character defect or a 'compensatory' response that traces back into early childhood. They want bad people to pay for their crimes. 
Hillary Clinton would be at the top of their list. Helping her heal is a sick joke. They want her in prison where she belongs. They know her constant vapid calls for 'national unity' during the campaign were a straight-out con, a cover for her lust for power. 
They see nothing redeeming about her. It's simple: she fights the good and embraces evil. Therefore, she should be punished. 
Doing so would set an example and a course for the Trump administration: we don't back away, we don't back down. We aren't separating 'campaign talk' from presidential action. We're not trying to make that phony distinction. 
If Trump prosecuted Hillary to the full extent of the law, then of course the owls would come out hooting: he's vengeful; he can't let go; he's mean; he's spiteful; he's a cruel sadist; this goes beyond any civilized sense of propriety befitting a real leader. 
Yes? And? So? 
So what? 
Is Trump the same man now that he was when he was campaigning? 
Even asking that question seems naïve, because of course we know all politicians rearrange themselves after they win a victory. But Trump portrayed himself as very, very different. He stood on that difference. He celebrated it. He reveled in it. He took great pleasure in it. 
Now, he has to pay the price. 
His supporters don't want to hear some garbled nonsense about how prosecuting Hillary would create a giant distraction from the job of leading the country. Trump's whole campaign was a distraction from politics as usual. That's what gave him strength. 
Prosecuting Hillary Clinton now would be counter-intuitive and outrageous, and therefore it would be the most Trumpian thing Trump could do. 
It would give him more support from his millions of people. 
And it would be right and correct and it would deliver justice where justice has been needed for a very long time. 
And when the whole host of sordid details about Hillary's crimes came spilling out into the light, people who pride themselves on being in the camp of the 'beautiful and virtuous' would realize who they have been defending. 
It would provide a valuable lesson, and the price of admittance to that show would trump the decades of waiting America has endured in the case of The People vs. Hillary Clinton. 
This case has now been canceled. 
Donald Trump achieved two great things in his presidential campaign: he stopped Hillary Clinton from occupying the White House, and he ran against the media by attacking them mercilessly. Failing to prosecute Hillary is not a great thing. It is a very bad thing.
ARTICLE

November 20, 2016 at 6:09 pm 
'She well documents everything.The history in these United States as well as elsewhere is all an illusion,people are trapped in a matrix.' 
You say this as if existence itself is NOT an illusion. It very well could be. How would we know? glitter 1 November 21, 2016 at 2:43 pm 
Ed_B, 
'You say this as if existence itself is NOT an illusion. It very well could be. How would we know?' 
You know by now where I'm coming from.People,the inhabitants on this planet are born,they live and die,never truly understanding how they/we got here,the purpose/meaning of life and where they/we are going once the last breath is taken. Here is my simplest answer/response: 
John 14:6King James Version (KJV) 
6 Jesus saith unto him, I am the way, the truth, and the life: no man cometh unto the Father, but by me. 
It's either true or a lie.It can be accepted as such or rejected. Eric 
Actually I already knew about Graham. Was a little shocked about Nixon. But not really. 
This is a BIG CLUB. And you ain't in it. Guido November 19, 2016 at 3:26 am · Reply 
For those in the alt-media who were already on the anti-Trump bandwagon long before Trump won the election, NOBODY he proposes to man his cabinet (whether allegedly or actually) will pass their litmus test. They will be sure to find fault with EVERY one of his selections or rumored selections, and then revel in their own 'brilliance' by telling us in their articles, videos and posts that they warned us. Essentially, Trump's alt-media critics are doing the job of the MSM, who on the very next day after Trump won the election went on a tear about how he was planning on staffing his cabinet with insiders. 
It's clear that those who engage in this sort of 'reporting' are intent on disrupting Trump's support base by giving the impression that he is defaulting on his promises and engaging in business as usual. I'm dubious of anyone who engages in perpetual rumor and speculation by relentlessly parroting names that are circulating about as part of an organized disinfo campaign. When the choices are made and announced, then we could fairly engage in worthy critique if need be. Every one of us is bound to find fault with at least someone in his cabinet. This is all completely normal because no reasonable person ever expected that his choices would be saints who were free of all unsavory baggage. But the key word here is REASONABLE, something that is sorely lacking these days. 
In so far as the aftermath of the election, the MSM seriously miscalculated the intelligence of the American people in the days following the election. They thought that by giving the pampered protesters carte blanche coverage, their support base would grow beyond all proportions as a mass anti-Trump movement swept the nation. Instead, the shattered hearts of the coddled candy-asses who lack the basic fortitude to handle defeat of ANY kind, has been laid bare for all too see. They are the poster children of everything that is wrong with the deviant and dysfunctional left in the US. The Purple Revolution is backfiring miserably as the nation is waking up to the reality that a minority of snot-nosed deplorables are attempting to rip the country apart at the seams. It ain't gonna fly, no matter how much cash massa Soros pumps into their basket. 
No, the left isn't quite dead yet, but it's gasping for air. The cat's out of the bag now, and the blowback that will come down the pike in the following months will leave no doubt as to what side of history this gaggle of miscreants will end up on when the final chapter is written. Ed_B November 20, 2016 at 6:55 pm · Reply 
@Guido 
Agreed. The back-stabbing has commenced and all the sore losers in our country are lining up to receive free blades from their masters. Perhaps it is they who could use some time in a 're-education camp'? 
It's now clear all with an IQ above room temp that the MSM have completely sold their credibility for political access and favors, which leaves them with NOTHING of any value to sell. 
But all this is OK. Their complaining and whining will pale to insignificance when Trump succeeds with various promises he's made. Not that he can keep them all, of course, but the general direction in which he moves will be a substantial improvement over the past 8 years. 
Speaking of idiots, lol… did you see where Obama was telling Trump that he 'needs to be tough with the Russians'? I almost choked on my morning coffee over that one. The dish rag is counseling the pit bull on how to be tough! LOL!! Guido November 20, 2016 at 7:30 pm · Reply 
Ed, did you ever see that video where Barry is pretending to workout with weights? Tough? Not quite. What about that one where he's throwing the first pitch at a major league ballgame? Not exactly my idea of toughness. Compare this pansy to footage of Vlad engaging in the martial arts, shooting firearms, riding horseback shirtless, or hobnobbing with that outlaw biker club in Russia (some of whose members volunteered to fight with the pro-Russian resistance in Ukraine after the US-led coup). Granted, it's all theater, but it does get the point across in no uncertain terms. 
8 years of Barry has been too much to take, but just think of the entire generation of numbskulls and meatheads who not only went through their formidable years while this fool played pretend at the White House, but actually cite him as one of their top influences and heroes. It's no wonder these wanna-be community organizers and communist revolutionaries are prancing around the streets at professional protests chanting the trendiest slogans of the week. 
Oh well, at least mommy and daddy have a bit of free time to themselves while the kiddies are away playing dress-up. But they'll be back to the basement soon enough. videoctr November 19, 2016 at 6:37 am · Reply 
I like the idea of calling the alt-media, new media instead. I also like the idea suggested in this interview, to not only confiscate George Soros money and arrest him. Also, efforts should be made to go after the Rothschild globalists if they are connected with funding radical groups. Confiscate their wealth the same way drug dealers money is confiscated by the police. dcm November 19, 2016 at 9:43 am · Reply 
Hello Sean , My take away from this video which will challenge you . The interviewee espoused a core premise of modernism , when a person physiologically internalizes this concept , the process of natural or organic , if you will , understanding is diminished. Put hand in fire – hot it burns- etc . This psychological meme ( what is called modernism) is man made , a product of what is referred to as the 'enlightenment' period historically . The names of the practitioners of this FALSE meme is recorded historical fact , as well the reason for the development of, and the spread of. My challenge for you is to search human history for societies that practiced infanticide as well societies that practiced sodomy , were there cultures that practiced both at the same time ? Or did one diminish and the other take over , or variations such as open human murder , referred to as human sacrifice. What was the out come of these cultures ? Millicent November 19, 2016 at 10:31 am · Reply 
I decided to make a project of tracking some of the dumbest statements made on this blog… 
When I saw Glitter make the 'call' for December 2016 PM price points of $100 Silver and $3500 Gold back in February of 2016 I knew that I had a winner. 
December will come & go and his 'call' will not be even remotely close. Eric will keep yammering his psycho babble about books, how I'm stupid, etc., etc. but the the fact remains that Glitter did not have a clue about what he was predicting and somehow I will be blamed for calling him out and telling him he was a moron for making that 'call'. 
Eric keeps asking why I say that he is being conned. Eric is so hopelessly immersed in the con that he has become a part of it and will probably never wake up to the fact. Eric 
Millicent, 
You ARE stupid. I'm sorry I have to be the one to tell you. 
Now can you at least have a little credibility and tell me what the con is? If you want to make a point, provide some information. 
Monetary base and Fed's balance sheet increased 5 fold. There's no good reason why the Gold price won't increase by at least the same amount. 
Don't forget to remember my speculative prediction of $2500 Gold/$60-$75 Silver by end of 2017. 
Too bad you missed my Trump wins in a landslide if there is an election. Nailed that one. 
Millicent = useless eater and comment critic. bt 
eric ,return email at [email protected] have message for you
ARTICLE

by Peter Schiff, Schiff Gold : 
Next to Donald Trump's economic policies, one of the most spirited economic debates at the moment involves which direction the dollar will move in the coming months. While Goldman Sachs is predicting the dollar and euro will reach a value equivalency by Q4 of 2017, other analysts see the greenback trending downward next year. 
The dollar has risen 4.4% against the euro and 2% against a basket of world currencies since Trump's win on November 8, according to Fortune. Big moves within securities and bonds markets since Trump's victory are creating a general sense of uncertainty, making predicting anything a difficult task. 
But for market veterans like Jim Paulsen of Wells Capital Management and Peter Schiff of Euro Pacific Capital, the dollar's demise is clear given inflationary anticipations mixed with short and long-term interest rate increases. 
Paulsen recently described the weakening dollar as 'the big wild card in 2017,' according to CNBC, and stating, 'As inflation expectations go north, that's a deterrent and a negative for the US dollar,' he said. Underpinning Paulsen's theory are historical trends in funds rate increases. 'There [have] been five major increases in the funds rates since the 1970s, and every one of them, when the Fed raised rates, the dollar came down.' 
Schiff said he sees higher interest rates, stemming from inflationary pressures, as detrimental to the dollar. Despite the spike in bond yields, investors seem to be looking to Trump's fiscal stimulus and tax cuts to provide demand side pressure, increasing consumer spending. Schiff explains: 'So far the stock market is remaining oblivious to the spike in bond yields because they think the stimulus that might result from tax cuts and spending increases will be enough to offset the drag of higher interest rates. I think they are woefully mistaken.' 
Paulsen also sees at a weak dollar providing a good opportunity for international investments. A weak dollar means US exports will be less competitive. Overseas markets could benefit as a result. Paulsen provides his analysis: 
'I think those markets are under-owned, they've under-performed for several years … They're better relative values,' Paulsen said. 'They have younger earnings cycles than the more mature cycle in the United States. They're going to have longer policy support than the United States will.' 
A weak dollar will mean gold is likely to grow in value. Schiff thinks the recent drop if bullion's price is only a head fake, stating: 'people who are betting on the dollar and betting against gold have no idea the impact of higher interest rates. Buying gold and silver in the coming weeks could put investors looking to diversify their portfolio ahead of the curve.
ARTICLE

by Simon Black, Sovereign Man : 
My friend Richard got destroyed by the system. 
As a financial advisor in Sacramento, California, he spent years building a thriving firm and has even landed a few celebrity clients. 
Richard did well for himself. Successful. Married. Wonderful kids. Financially secure. 
But back in 2008 things started to turn sour. 
His wife left him and took the kids, along with half of everything else. 
The divorce forced the liquidation of many of their assets, including a substantial investment portfolio he had built up. 
Richard didn't want to sell; by the time the divorce was being fought, it was 2009 and the stock market had crashed. 
But Richard had no choice. They liquidated and suffered major losses. 
Most painfully, since Richard's business was so successful, the judge ordered him to pay alimony of nearly $20,000 per month. 
It didn't matter that, practically overnight, most of his new business had dried up due to the Great Recession. 
Thus began the long indentured servitude known as alimony. 
The idea behind alimony is to make sure that the ex-spouse can maintain a comfortable standard of living while s/he gets rebuilds a life and financial base. 
It shouldn't be abused as a lottery ticket. 
In Richard's case, it's been 7+ long years and nearly $2 million in alimony paid. But the payments never stop. 
Even though the kids are now grown and out of the house, his ex-wife has zero incentive to go out and find a job to support herself. 
Why would she bother working hard when she can do nothing and collect $20k from her ex-husband? 
Yet due to the length of time they were married, and California's ridiculous legal code, there's no end in sight for Richard's alimony payments. 
So Richard has the government taking 50% (between federal and state income tax) from his left pocket, and his wife taking nearly a quarter of a million dollars per year out of his right pocket. 
Naturally if he stops paying either one of them he'll face the long arm of the law. 
Speaking of the law, the Dodd-Frank Act that was passed several years ago to reform the financial system totally crippled his business. 
It's one of the costliest and most painful regulations ever created for financial services businesses, and Richard constantly has regulators breathing down his neck. 
It's amazing. Despite taking half of his income, the government makes it increasingly difficult for Richard to produce. 
Richard turned 50 this year, and he was miserable. 
Instead of slowing down and enjoying life, he'd been working harder than ever to earn less than ever, with very little time left over to build a personal life for himself. 
His problems also started to manifest in other ways. He'd gained weight, and was drinking more, and I doubt he'd gone on a date since 2013. 
Sadly, Richard is not an isolated case. There are countless people across the country who have been destroyed by the system. 
He came to me for help earlier this year, which I was more than happy to extend. 
Initially we established a new financial advisory business for Richard in a more favorable jurisdiction. 
That jurisdiction was Puerto Rico. 
Under Puerto Rico's generous incentive laws, Richard's new firm is able to provide financial services for worldwide clients without the pain of onshore US regulations. 
It's made things much easier for him so that he can focus on servicing his clients' needs and winning new business, as opposed to filling out forms and pleasuring regulators. 
The new firm is growing rapidly as a result. And best of all, his Puerto Rico profits are taxed at just 4%, instead of the 50% he was paying in California. 
Richard still has the California business. And to reduce the taxes there, my advisors set him up with something called a 'Captive Insurance Company'. 
This one is a real goldmine.
ARTICLE

from Rogue Money : 
The Wolf's sense of smell has been in confusion of late trying to figure out which way the winds blow. Are free markets about to make a come back, or have they been with us all along, once you fully factor in the effects of 'cognitive dissonance' over the past couple decades? Meaning 'cognitive dissonance' is also a part of the free market equation, and the markets have just been factoring them in appropriately. 
One thing is for sure, the biggest bubble in world history is starting to get 'thin in the skin,' as in ready to pop. Which bubble, you ask? The western debt markets. Putting that aside for the moment, the good news of late is that nationalism is on the rise in the USA with a Trump victory, but it ain't the only thing on the rise. 'Yields' are as well folks. It would appear a debt funeral is 'dead' ahead, along with an associated paper wake. In a rather timely fashion the professor Ken Schortgen Jr., just provided a top down analysis to a western paper funeral, with historical theories that are now becoming reality. 
Before getting into the meat and potatoes of this installment, I have to throw out a theory from an installment written over two years ago. A theory that will fit nicely, and one that states that the markets are actually free. 'Free,' just like the international man Doug Casey has said. I know what you may be thinking, that with a supposed honest market filled with 'informed' investors that the prior couple of sentences are totally incorrect, especially with respect to the hard asset markets. Incorrect except for one major thing. If free markets are truly free, and additionally allow for the 'stupid/cognitive-dissonant' people to freely participate, then I suppose you have to factor in the unpredictability of 'stupidity/cognitive-dissonance.' 
At least for a while, as it appears responsibility and intelligence may be taking hold in some corners. Witness the public's uprising in the recent US election, but that same election has released a dose of 'election victory cognitive dissonance.' The more things change, the more things stay the same! 
The time frames for 'stupidity/cognitive-dissonance' (SCD) being an overdeveloped defining factor in free markets are typically limited. Decades apparently mark the political free market's limits regarding the afore mentioned 'SCD'. Again, witness the recent election. And the winds seem to be telling one Wolf Gray that we are about to see how Economic Mother Nature presides over the current limits to the time frame that will define the 'Fiat King Dollar's' life span. A life span fueled of late by the last fumes in the gas tank, the typical fumes of cognitive dissonance, plus a dose of stupidity. An 'SCD' that I am afraid to say may have just got a boost by the recent election. 
The Wolf's and the Wolfpack's sense of smell is somewhat confused and would seem to be alone on this bottom up view, so 'I/we' could use your guidance. To wit, those happy Trump voters that seem to think the US economic life boats are coming to their immediate aid are about to see a delay to their 'pocket-book' rescue, thanks to the ravages that will come with rising debt 'Yields.' These rising 'Yield' signs say the market is about to let each of us know, 'it doesn't suffer fools gladly.' WG 
Yield! The funeral cometh ! And, sorry folks it can't be Trumped. There are limits to man's abilities to forestall 'nature' economic and or otherwise. 
News that…….Yields? 
First please note the recent top down analysis of the overall business economic landscape by the professor, with reference to Dr. Jim Willie's theories and analysis. 
https://www.roguemoney.net/stories/2016/11/20/bond-markets-and-dollar-stength-screaming-for-a-savior-to-usher-in-a-currency-reset 
The above link leads us nicely to some of the 'ground up' business/economic evidence to be witnessed in real time. That being said, no news beat would be complete without a rehash of the undeniable trends that continue asserting themselves….
ARTICLE

by Bill Holter, JS Mineset : 
Here we are again, just six days away from a major COMEX gold (and silver) delivery month with a huge outsized amount of contracts outstanding versus deliverable inventory. For a background, COMEX holds 2,083,000 (nearly 65 tons) of registered gold. This amount is much higher than it was last December when it stood at a miniscule 152,000 ounces (4.7 tons). 
Since May of this year, something has drastically changed in the monthly amounts delivered. For all of 2015, only 51 tons were delivered which amounted to about 4.25 tons per month. If you recall, many months would arrive at first notice day with a huge amount of contracts open, only to see the contracts evaporate before the close of the delivery period. I postulated then and still believe, contract holders were offered premiums to 'just go away' and not take delivery. I cannot prove this but you must ask, why someone would FULLY FUND their account to take delivery and then not follow through. It makes no sense other than if they were enticed not to take delivery after placing the full amount of funds in their accounts to settle delivery. 
So far this year, 191 tons have stood for delivery, 168 of those tons since May. The average delivery since May has been over 24 tons per month with only two of the seven months being a traditional delivery month. June and August amounted to nearly 93 tons alone. The change since May has been astonishing. Rather than contracts being 'bled down' each month (enticed by premiums offered?), nearly every single month has had more standing by the end of the month than were at the beginning of the month (nearly double in some cases). Another big change is, previously, the bulk of deliveries would be withheld until just before the end of the delivery period. Now, massive deliveries are being made on the 2nd, 3rd and 4th delivery days of the month. Please remember, it makes no sense to 'wait' to make a delivery as storage fees add up for each day …it seems to me that it is now known that many contract owners cannot be enticed with premiums! 
So why has this begun to happen, why are more contracts demanding delivery and why are they jumping queue and opening more contracts during expiration? I believe it is simply because there is either a greater 'need or desire' for gold. If I had to guess, I believe the new and different demand is in large part a function of the Shanghai Gold Exchange opening in September. Immediately after opening, we saw close to $4 premiums for gold (versus COMEX and LBMA pricing) and around .50 cent premiums for silver. These premiums are now recently much higher! For the last few weeks these premiums have grown to the $10-$12 range for gold and over $1 for silver. The premiums shot up on Monday to $20.33 for gold and $1.35 for silver. This is obviously more than generous enough to allow massive arbitrage to occur. 
As a side note, I have been asked why we are not seeing arbitrage en masse? Simply put, I believe there is a great risk here where you sell something for delivery without knowing positively you will be delivered on the buy side. Should the game end, an arbitrager might be contracted to deliver something (sell side) they cannot attain in a runaway upside market (because of the failure to deliver on the buy side). Curious that these large premiums exist as they should never exist …unless the players do see risk in a supposedly risk free trade! The premiums are now getting to large to ignore and look more like the elephant in the room. 
So where are we now for December expiration? Currently with only six trading days left before FND (first notice day), 217,000 contracts representing 21.7 million ounces versus 2.08 million registered to deliver. At the very same day last year, there were only 133,000 contracts outstanding or a difference of 84,000 contracts (8.4 million ounces). 
While we certainly cannot say the COMEX will default and not be able to deliver for December, we can say the numbers are much larger …AND so is the pressure (via arbitrage)! To again put this in perspective for you, the entire registered category holds well less than $2.5 billion worth of gold. I would ask you this, 'how many $2.5 billion events have occurred'? The answer of course is too many to count and they happen every single day in many markets, and all over the world. The spread in silver is getting close to a 10% number, how long will the spread be allowed? The problem of course is this, when the arbs do come in to close the gap it will create buying. The buying will require delivery as the sell side in Shanghai will demand metal for their purchase. This poses the problem, COMEX inventories cannot meet Chinese demand. 
To finish, please keep in mind that the global credit markets are now experiencing extreme liquidity tightness. Previous 'credit events' were ugly and all ended the same way …with more debt and more currency units issued. As we have seen in India, as gold has not been available since their recent kamikaze currency move, gold was changing hands at $2,900 per ounce on Friday and $3,600 over the weekend due to lack of supply. Ask yourself, at what dollar price will gold be available should someone (or collectively) put up $2.5 billion to clean out COMEX? Yes I know, COMEX is not the only market in the world. But a run on COMEX will be a run everywhere and will result in finding available gold nowhere. A 'run' can start for any number of reasons. It can be 'intentional' or not. The problem from a visual standpoint is this, the amount of physical gold behind the paper gold edifice is like a 'BB' in relation to the financial Earth. If you don't believe the global debt can ever be paid back in current currency values …dig into this one as it's even more lopsided, paper gold can never be delivered by the real thing as the real gold simply does not exist! 
That will do it for this holiday week as I plan to take a little time off. Unless something really big breaks, Jim and I do not plan on our weekly interview and will resume next week. We wish you and your families a Happy Thanksgiving!
ARTICLE

by Onan Coca, Freedom OutPost : 
In a speech from August that is now making waves across the country, president-elect Donald Trump's National Security Adviser designate, Lt. General Michael Flynn (retired) told the Dallas chapter of ACT! For America that 'Islam is a political ideology, it is a political ideology. It definitely hides behind this notion of it being a religion.' 
The comments are sure to be brought back up when Flynn goes before the Senate to testify during his confirmation hearings. However, Flynn's personality and his public persona lead me to believe that he's not worried about facing tough questions from hostile Democrat Senators. 
In his speech, Flynn further commented on the differences between Christianity and Islam before making some even more controversial comments about world Islam today. 
'Islam is a political ideology, it is a political ideology. It definitely hides behind this notion of it being a religion. I have a very, very tough time because I don't see a lot of people screaming 'Jesus Christ' with hatchetsor machetes or rifles shooting up clubs or hatcheting, literally axing families on a train. 
Or like they just killed a couple of police officers with a machete. I mean, it's unbelievable. So we have a problem. 
It's like cancer. I've gone through cancer in my own life. And so it's like cancer, and it's like a malignant cancer, though in this case that has metastasized. 
It's like I just said in the number of attacks in 22 countries in just the last 45 days. When I look back over the last 10 years or 15 years of my life and the things that I've seen and the things that I've witnessed against this very vicious threat. 
The folks at MRC TV cut video of Flynn's speech with an interview he gave to MSNBC where the topic of discussion was Russia. In the interview Flynn explains why the current liberal stance towards Russia is all wrong – while Russia may not be a 'good guy' in the narrative, they're certainly preferable to the Muslim terrorists that we're both fighting against. 
'We have to deal with Russia,' he said. 'We cannot make Russia an enemy. Russia is a nation that is deeply involved in the Middle East. Right now, the Middle East is totally unstable. We have over 5,000 of our own troops there in Iraq trying to fight the rise of ISIS.' 
'Russia's directly involved,' he said. 'So we have to figure out ways to work with them instead of making them an antagonist.'
