ARTICLE

BREAKING: Hillary Just LOST The Black Vote'¦ Trump Is Going ALL THE WAY To The White House Hillary Just Lost The Black Vote To a Black Lives Matter mom's outrage and a pharmaceutical bro's whims. Here's how: 
Brett MacDonald | Twitter | Facebook | 
NEW YORK '” Today was not a great day for the Clinton campaign. Recently leaked emails from within the Clinton campaign have reached the ears of some prominent members of the Black Lives Matter community '” members whom the emails were about. They are particularly upset about a series of emails that seems how to best 'use' the victims of gun violence while making sure those victims were black. Understandably, some of the members have taken to speaking out against her campaign now. In a word, they're pissed. 
Erica Garner, the daughter of controversial man who died after being put in 'chokehold' by a New York officer has been one of the most vocal critics. 'I'm troubled by the revelation that you and this campaign actually discussed 'using' Eric Garner '¦. Why would you want to 'use' my dad?' she tweeted. 
That was way earlier today. She hasn't stopped since: 'If you vote for her (Clinton) by default you are endorsing her and whatever she does. Remember her hiding being Negros(sic) that supported the crime bill?' If you vote for her by default you are endorsing her and whatever she does. Remember her hiding being Nergos that supported the crime bill? 
'” officialERICA GARNER (@es_snipes) October 27, 2016 
But here's the real kicker: 'I don't care what BLM activists endorse #Hillary '¦ They WILL continue more of the same, they don't care about Black lives and I got proof!' I dont care what BLM activists endorse #Hillary '¦ They WILL continue more of the same, they dont care about Black lives and I got proof! 
'” officialERICA GARNER (@es_snipes) October 27, 2016 
But that's not the only setback the Clinton campaign saw today. Martin Shkreli, the controversial 'pharma-bro' and top-tier troll, had a very alarming announcement for the music community: if Trump wins, he will release his previously unheard music from the Beatles, Nirvana, and, mot importantly to the black community, Wu-Tang. If Trump wins, my entire unreleased music collection, including unheard Nirvana, Beatles, and of course, Wu-Tang, comes out, for free. 
'” Martin Shkreli (@MartinShkreli) October 27, 2016 This article was written by Brett MacDonald. If you enjoyed this story or did not, hate mail can be left in the comments below and the author totally won't ignore it. Compliments or questions may be sent to @ TweetBrettMac . on Twitter! VOTE FOR DONALD J. TRUMP! TOGETHER WE WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Please like and share on Facebook and Twitter! 5.7K SHARES 

ARTICLE


Sean Brown AMERICA'S FREEDOM FIGHTERS '“ 
Wikileaks has revealed some rather troubling things about Hillary Clinton and her staffers, but perhaps the most disturbing, a bizarre, is the fact that John Podesta is involved with satanic rituals. 
No, this isn't fiction and I'm not wearing tin foil on my head. An email released by Wikileaks reveals Podesta was invited to a 'spirit cooking dinner' by performance artist Marina Abramovic, and you can rest assured that it's not anything like it sounds. 
'I am so looking forward to the Spirit Cooking dinner at my place. Do you think you will be able to let me know if your brother is joining? All my love, Marina,' an email dated June 28, 2015 read. 
Shortly after, the emails, which was sent to Podesta's brother Tony, was forwarded to john with the message, 'Are you in NYC Thursday July 9 Marina wants you to come to dinner.' 
Now you're probably wondering what all the fuss is about, and I seriously can't blame you. So let's turn to Paul Joseph Watson from InfoWars for a little background on what this 'spirit cooking' is really all about. 
Spirit cooking refers to 'a sacrament in the religion of Thelema which was founded by Aleister Crowley' and involves an occult performance during which menstrual blood, breast milk, urine and sperm are used to create a 'painting'. 
According to Marina Abramovic, if the ritual is performed in an art gallery, it is merely art, but if the ritual is performed privately, then it represents an intimate spiritual ceremony. 
The video embedded above depicts the bizarre nature of the ceremony. Abramovic mixes together thickly congealed blood as the 'recipe' for the 'painting,' which is comprised of the words, 'With a sharp knife cut deeply into the middle finger of your left hand eat the pain.' 
The ceremony is, 'meant to symbolize the union between the microcosm, Man, and the macrocosm, the Divine, which is a representation of one of the prime maxims in Hermeticism 'As Above, So Below.' 
Below is a video of Abramovic conducting the satanic ritual: 
How creepy. Even creepier is the same woman holding a bloody goat's head '“ a representation of the Satanist symbol Baphomet. The Podestas'"Spirit Cooking" dinner?It's not what you think.It's blood, sperm and breastmilk. 
'” WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) November 4, 2016 
Yeah'¦ 
If you enjoyed this story, be sure to follow Sean Brown on Facebook , and check out his website, politicalcult.com . 
God Bless. 

ARTICLE


Dean James AMERICA'S FREEDOM FIGHTERS '“ 
Last week, the Pentagon issued a Defense Department directive that allows 'Department of Defense (D0D) personnel to carry firearms and employ deadly force while performing official duties.' 
The Defense Department has been working on changing the 'gun-free' zones on domestic military basis for several years in light of the deadly shootings at military sites in recent years. 
Military.com reports that the directive 'also provides detailed guidance to the services for permitting soldiers, sailors, airmen, Marines and Coast Guard personnel to carry privately owned firearms on DoD property.' It authorizes 'commanders, 05 and above'¦[to] grant permission to DoD personnel requesting to carry a privately owned firearm (concealed or open carry) on DoD property for a personal protection purpose not related to performance of an official duty or status.' 
The directive also makes clear that DoD will consider further changes to grant '[standard] authorizations for other DoD personnel, who are trained in the scaled use of force or who have been previously qualified to use a government-issued firearm, to carry a firearm in the performance of official duties on DoD property.' This would allow DoD with certain combat training to carry firearms without going through the additional step of making application with a commander. 
Kim Smith at Conservative Tribune notes that the policy was a response to an NRA-backed provision in the 2015 National Defense Authorization Act that required the Defense Department to allow more service members to carry firearms on base. 
'It is a good first step in that it recognizes personal protection is a valid issue for service members, but there are many roadblocks in the way of making that option available,' NRA spokeswoman Jennifer Baker told the Washington Free Beacon . 
Those wishing to apply for permission to carry a firearm must be at least 21 years old and meet all federal, state and local laws, the directive said. 
It would appear that the Pentagon saw no problems with implementing a policy for which President-elect Donald Trump has expressed support. 
President-elect Donald Trump ran on removing gun-free zones from military bases. On July 9, 2015, Breitbart News reported that Trump pledged to end the gun-free scenarios for U.S. troops by '[mandating] that soldiers remain armed and on alert at our military bases.' 
The immediate institution of this directive probably left President Barack Obama incensed, but he undoubtedly realized that there was nothing he could do to prevent its implementation in a couple of months anyway. And that's good news because it works to ensure the safety of our troops, which should always be a priority. 
Let us know what you think about this in the comments below! 
God Bless. 

