ARTICLE

Trump: Hillary would lead to World War 3 Due to potential for conflict with nuclear-armed Russia Published: 28 mins ago 
(REUTERS) — DORAL, Florida — U.S. Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump said on Tuesday that Democrat Hillary Clinton's plan for Syria would 'lead to World War Three,” because of the potential for conflict with military forces from nuclear-armed Russia. 
In an interview focused largely on foreign policy, Trump said defeating Islamic State is a higher priority than persuading Syrian President Bashar al-Assad to step down, playing down a long-held goal of U.S. policy. 
Trump questioned how Clinton would negotiate with Russian President Vladimir Putin after demonizing him, and blamed President Barack Obama for a downturn in U.S. relations with the Philippines under its new president, Rodrigo Duterte.
ARTICLE

Texas county switches to 'emergency paper ballots' After 'glitches' reported with election software Published: 30 mins ago 
(INFOWARS) A county in Texas has switched to 'emergency paper ballots” after electronic voting machines in the region suffered technical glitches. 
Chambers County Clerk Heather Hawthorne issued a press release Tuesday night announcing electronic voting would be suspended until the glitches affecting voting machines could be corrected. 
'The Straight Party vote for both the Republicans and Democrats did not automatically select one race on each ballot,” states the press release.
ARTICLE

Poll: Trump pulls ahead in Florida GOP's Rubio leads Democrat by 10 points in Senate race Published: 45 mins ago 
(BLOOMBERG) Donald Trump has a slim advantage in Florida as critical independent voters narrowly break his way in the must-win battleground state, a Bloomberg Politics poll shows. 
The Republican presidential nominee has 45 percent to Democrat Hillary Clinton's 43 percent among likely voters when third-party candidates are included, the poll found. In a hypothetical two-way race, Trump has 46 percent to Clinton's 45 percent. 
Among independents, Trump gets 43 percent to Clinton's 41 percent in a head-to-head contest. When third-party candidates are included, Trump picks up 1 point with independents while Clinton drops to 37 percent, with Libertarian Gary Johnson taking 9 percent and the Green Party's Jill Stein getting 5 percent.
ARTICLE

State that fired pastor demands his sermons, notes 'This is an excessive display of the government overreaching its authority' Published: 5 mins ago Bob Unruh About | | Archive Bob Unruh joined WND in 2006 after nearly three decades with the Associated Press, as well as several Upper Midwest newspapers, where he covered everything from legislative battles and sports to tornadoes and homicidal survivalists. He is also a photographer whose scenic work has been used commercially. Print Dr. Eric Walsh (Photo: First Liberty) 
The state of Georgia is demanding copies of the sermons and related notes of a lay pastor who was fired by the Department of Public Health after it investigated what he said in his church. 
But Dr. Eric Walsh is resisting, issuing a statement via his legal team that he will not comply with the demand from state lawyers. 
The state's demand is in response to a lawsuit filed by Walsh against the Department of Health charging discrimination based on his religion and other civil rights violations. 
He's getting support from a pastor who successfully fought off a demand by Houston officials for copies of his sermons. 
Walsh's ordeal began in May 2014 when he accepted an offer as to become district health director with the state agency. Only a week later, a state official asked him to provide copies of sermons he had preached as a lay minister with a Seventh-day Adventist Church. 
Lee Rudd, the agency's human resources director, then assigned staff members to listen to the YouTube recordings immediately. Two days later, Walsh was fired. 
At that point, lawyers with First Liberty Institute joined forces with the Atlanta legal team of Parks, Chesin & Walbert to file a federal lawsuit against the state agency. 
'Police State USA: How Orwell's Nightmare Is Becoming Our Reality” chronicles how America has arrived at the point of being a de facto police state, and what led to an out-of-control government that increasingly ignores the Constitution. Order today! 
Now, in response to Walsh's lawsuit, the state delivered a 'Request for Production of Documents” that demands, among a flood of other paperwork, 'copies of his sermon notes and transcripts.” 
'This is an excessive display of the government overreaching its authority and violating the sanctity of the church,” said Jeremy Dys, senior counsel for First Liberty. 
'No government has the right to require a pastor to turn over his sermons,” said Walsh in a statement released by his lawyers. 'I cannot and will not give up my sermons unless I am forced to do so.” 
Officials with the Georgia Department of Health declined to respond to a WND request for comment, instead referring a reporter to the state attorney general, who did not respond to a request for comment. 
Walsh's lawyers scheduled a news conference as a display of support. 
On the guest list was Pastor Dave Welch of Houston, one of five pastors whose sermons were demanded by a lesbian mayor during her campaign to establish protections for her sexual preferences in city code. 
WND broke the story when the city launched its action against the pastors and also reported when Rush Limbaugh described Parker's actions as possibly 'one of the most vile, filthy, blatant violations of the Constitution that I have seen.” 
The mayor at the time, Annise Parker, withdrew the demands amid a flood of protest . 
In a prepared statement Wednesday on Walsh's case, Welch said, 'I can't believe I'm saying this, but Georgia's demand is even worse than when the mayor of Houston demanded 17 different categories of materials, including sermons, from … us.” 
Welch, the executive director of the Texas Pastor Council, said what is happening to Walsh is 'worse than what happened in Houston for multiple reasons.” 
'First, this is state government coming after a pastor, not just a rogue mayor in one city,” he said. 'Also, the state is demanding much more material: sermons, sermon notes, all documents without even topical or time limits. It could even include margin notes in this pastor's preaching Bible. It's almost as if they are ransacking the pastor's study. This sweeping demand is ominous and a threat to every pastor, every church, every denomination, and every citizen of faith in America.” 
Leaders of Concerned Women for America Legislative Action Committee, part of the nation's largest public policy women's group with 500,000 members, also came to Walsh's defense. 
Penny Nance, CEO, said: 'The words of Reverend Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., that, 'Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere,' still reverberate today – especially as we witness the 'Gestapo-like' tactics of his native state. The state of Georgia's blatant attack on religious freedom, as they discriminate against another pastor, Dr. Eric Walsh, is indeed a threat to every American, whatever our religious beliefs. 
'Can there be a clearer violation of our First Amendment right to religious freedom than for the state to monitor, examine, and retaliate against a person because of the sermons they share?” 
WND reported earlier on the case brought against the state after its officials reviewed Walsh's sermons and then fired him. 
'No one in this country should be fired from their job for something that was said in a church or from a pulpit during a sermon,” Dys told Fox News when the case was filed. 'He was fired for something he said in a sermon. If the government is allowed to fire someone over what he said in his sermons, they can come after any of us for our beliefs on anything.” The original state investigation of Walsh's sermons apparently was sparked by 'one complaint” from an official with a county Democratic Party and 'gay activist.” 
State officials also joked about informing Walsh of his firing. 
The telephone call was between Dr. Patrick O'Neal, an agency official, and Kate Pfirman, an agency financial officer. The call was captured on an answering machine, which also caught their conversation after they thought they had hung up. 
Pfirman said: 'And I'm gonna be very – I'm gonna try to come off as very cold, because I don't want to say very much. If I try to make it warm – I've thought that through, it's gonna just not – there's no warm way to say it anyway.” 
Then there was laughter from both parties. 
O'Neal then said to inform Walsh, 'You're out,” and there was another round of laughter. 
'It's very funny,” Pfirman said. 
The voicemail: 
In the Houston dispute, voters ultimately soundly rejected Parker's ordinance giving 'gays” and transgendered people special rights.
ARTICLE

Woman 'eaten alive' by daughter's dogs 2 German shepherds reportedly responsible for mauling death Published: 13 mins ago 
(FOX5NY) — NEW YORK (INSIDE EDITION) – A 68-year-old woman was found dead in the basement of her New York home by her devastated daughter, who told authorities her dogs may have eaten her mother, a police source told Inside Edition. 
Officers responding to a 911 call for an unconscious and unresponsive woman found the body of Daisie Bradshaw in her Staten Island home at about 9:40 a.m. Tuesday, the NYPD said. 
The victim, who was found beaten and bruised, was pronounced dead at the scene, officials said.
ARTICLE

Anatomy lesson Published: 12 mins ago 
Editor's note: Do you need something to smile about? Every day, WND selects the best joke offered up by readers and contributors to its Laughlines forum and brings it to you as the WND Joke of the Day. Here is today's offering: 
A pediatrician in town always plays a game with some of his young patients to put them at ease and test their knowledge of body parts. 
One day, while pointing to a little boy's ear, the doctor asked him, 'Is this your nose?” 
The little boy turned to his mother and said, 'Mom, I think we'd better find a new doctor!”
ARTICLE

Actor Jim Caviezel portraying Jesus in 'The Passion of the Christ.” 
Jesus Christ of Nazareth is not the Republican nominee for president in this election cycle. 
But if He were, Democrats would try to 'destroy” Him in the same manner they're attacking the 2016 GOP candidate, Donald Trump. 
That's according to radio host Rush Limbaugh, who hypothesized what this year's race would look like if the Son of God were at the top of the Republican ticket. 
Should President Trump try to prosecute Hillary? Sign the hottest petition in America now to show your support! 
'It doesn't matter who the Republicans would have nominated, they were gonna get the treatment Trump's getting. It wouldn't have mattered,” Limbaugh said Wednesday. 
'They would go out of their way to find ways to destroy Jesus Christ if he could be nominated as a Republican. The Democrats would do everything they could, include calling Him a liar, the Bible a fake book, whatever it took.” Rush Limbaugh 
And despite the fact the Bible never indicates Jesus was married or had sex out of wedlock, Limbaugh suggested Democrats would do their best effort in trying to find any of His offspring: 
'They would scour the historical record looking for children He had fathered, anything they could do to disapprove the gospel to discredit Jesus. That's who they are. That's what they would do.” 
Limbaugh said the point he was stressing was that Republicans would never escape 'this kind of media assault based on who we nominate.” Donald Trump's RNC acceptance speech (Photo: Screenshot from RNC live feed) 
'I say this because a lot of you Never Trumpers are out there claiming that this is exactly what you get when you nominate a guy like Trump. No, it's exactly what you get when you nominate a Republican. Whenever there is any opposition to the Democrats, this is what they do. It doesn't matter. They're gonna do it. They did it to Romney … 
'I've made this point 'til I blue in the face. They turned Romney, who is mild-mannered Mr. Gosh, Can't Even Get Noticed into the biggest walking Satan, El Diablo politics had ever seen at that time, and they made it stick So this is why I think Trump has so many people supporting him. He's fighting back against it when most Republicans haven't and don't.” 
As an example of how media treatment of Republicans has not changed, Limbaugh played an excerpt of 1980 election-night coverage from CBS. Commentator Bill Moyers characterized the race before it was known that Republican Ronald Reagan would easily defeat Democrat Jimmy Carter. Moyers stated: 
'Those of you who might speak Spanish, who might be black, who might be women, remember,” said Carter, 'who's been your friend.” And there under the California sun in San Diego at a shopping center, Ronald Reagan was delivering himself of one of those patriotic soliloquies at which he's been a master since his days at Eureka College. Suddenly hecklers in the crowd started shouting and waving their ERA signs. Reagan took his cue and snapped back, 'Aw, shut up!” 
And thousands of supporters roared their approval. Those are the people for whom Ronald Reagan is the apostle of the rollback, the knight who promises finally to slay the dragon of liberal government. Jimmy Carter won four years ago as an outsider, and, if he wins at all tonight, it must be as an insider defending the status quo. Reagan has cast himself as a sheriff who comes riding into town at just in the nick of time shouting, 'Enough's enough.” 
'Does it sound like anything has changed in the way these people see the world?” Limbaugh asked. 'Not an iota!” 
Follow Joe Kovacs on Twitter @JoeKovacsNews
ARTICLE

See Dems accept foreign cash to disrupt Trump rallies Undercover footage catches Hillary operative red-handed Published: 7 mins ago Bob Unruh About | | Archive Bob Unruh joined WND in 2006 after nearly three decades with the Associated Press, as well as several Upper Midwest newspapers, where he covered everything from legislative battles and sports to tornadoes and homicidal survivalists. He is also a photographer whose scenic work has been used commercially. Print 
A Hillary Clinton-supporting advocacy organization had no trouble accepting a $20,000 donation funneled through a Belize bank to use in this year's presidential election campaign – until its decision was about to be made public in a series of undercover videos by James O'Keefe's Project Veritas Action. 
Suddenly, the head of the organization expressed suspicion about the donation's overseas origin and decided to return it. 
That's one of the significant revelations in the latest in a series of videos released by O'Keefe called 'Rigging the Election.” 
O'Keefe explained he had a fictitious donor meet with Bob Creamer, who was a staffer at Americans United for Change, a group supporting Clinton for president, until the videos started appearing last week. 
He said Creamer, who boasted of working directly for the Clinton campaign, directed that the $20,000 donation go to AUFC 'to disrupt rallies and fund bracketing ops.” 
O'Keefe said he and his colleagues were very careful not to violate the law themselves. 
Creamer was clear about his ties to Clinton, stating, 'Every morning I am on a call at 10:30 that goes over the message being driven by the campaign headquarters.” 
Sign the precedent-setting petition supporting Trump's call for an independent prosecutor to investigate Hillary Clinton! 
Project Veritas' first video explained how the Clinton campaign uses 'hidden connections” to incite violence at Donald Trump rallies. Its second video showed plans for step-by-step voter fraud and the third exposed 'prohibited communications” between Hillary Clinton's campaign, 'the DNC and the nonprofit Americans United for Change.” 
The fourth video 'breaks down the process of the long-term investigation.” It comes after Creamer's announcement that he was stepping down from campaign responsibilities. 
O'Keefe and Project Veritas Action have filed a complaint with the Federal Election Commission. 
Among the revelations in the latest video was Creamer was boasting of his close links to President Obama. 
'Oh, Barack Obama's was the best campaign in the history of American politics, I mean the second one, I mean the first was good, too. I was a consultant to both, the second one, was everything hit on every level and every aspect,” he said. 'He's a pro, I've known the president since he was a community organizer in Chicago.” 
When asked whether a potential donor could meet Obama, Creamer said: 'OK, you may have a lot more opportunity once he is done in 98 days, 97. I was just at an event with him in Chicago, Friday of last week, he is just as good as ever. I do a lot of work with the White House on their issues, helping to run issued campaigns that they have been involved in. I mean, for immigration reform for the … the health care bill, trying to make America more like Britain when it comes to gun violence issues.” 
Explained Project Veritas: 'The more that was promised to Creamer, the more access Project Veritas Action journalists seemed to get. Project Veritas Action's $20,000 investment paid off. The story was solid. Robert Creamer, Scott Foval, Jenna Price from the DNC, Brad Woodhouse from AUFC, Cesar Vargas and others opened the door to their smoke filled rooms of illegal and dirty campaign dealings, as seen in the three previous PVA videos.” 
In the first video, Foval, a Democratic operative, boasted of what he called 'conflict engagement,” or sending protesters to disrupt Trump events. 
'We're starting anarchy here,” he said. 'And he needs to understand that we're starting anarchy.” 
In the second video, Creamer explained Clinton's direct control over those disruption operations. 
'In the end it was the candidate, Hillary Clinton, the future President of the United States, who wanted ducks on the ground, so by god we would get ducks on the ground,” Creamer said. 
Creamer, the husband of Democratic Rep. Jan Schakowsky of Illinois, has starred in several of the undercover videos. 
Here's the third: 
That video also revealed a direct conflict between what Creamer was confirming – Clinton's active involvement in such decisions and campaigns – and the claim of her campaign manager, Robby Mook. 
Mook told CNN over the weekend that there was no pathway between the activists staging violence and Clinton. 
Sign the precedent-setting petition supporting Trump's call for an independent prosecutor to investigate Hillary Clinton! 
'These individuals no longer have a relationship with the DNC,” he said. 'They've never had a relationship with the Clinton campaign and my understanding is that the events that are referenced happened I think in February of last year. 
'They did not have a contract with the DNC until June. But putting all that aside, this was again a video that was leaked out with the purpose of damaging the campaign, it is edited so we don't know what the full context is. And there's no evidence whatsoever … that anyone ever did anything like this when they were working for the DNC.” 
His comments: 
After confirming it was Clinton or 'wanted ducks on the ground,” Creamer warned undercover Project Veritas journalists, 'Don't repeat that to anybody.” 
Creamer ran Democracy Partners, a consulting company with ties to Clinton. 
He has been to the White House 342 times while Obama has been president, including 47 meetings directly with Obama. 
O'Keefe's organization reported that the coordination between the campaign, the DNC and the Americans United for Change 'smacks of illegal coordinated campaign expenditures.” 
Last week , Project Veritas filed a complaint with the Federal Election Commission asking for an investigation into the Clinton campaign's 'criminal conspiracy.” 
The filing of the complaint with the federal agency follows the release of two videos in which Democrats explain how they can attempt to change the outcome of the election through apparently fraudulent means, such as having people travel across state lines to vote illegally. 
The video have resulted already in two Democratic operatives losing their jobs. 
Editor's Note: Be aware of offensive language throughout videos and in quotes from videos. 
One is Scott Foval, who had worked for People for the American Way, a George Soros-funded group, and more recently with Americans United for Change. 
In the video, he said: 'You know what? We've been busing people in to deal with you f—ing a—–es for 50 years, and we're not going to stop now.” 
Also, he said he and his agents are 'starting anarchy” by creating 'conflict engagement … in the lines at Trump rallies.” 
Also out of work is Creamer. 
See the second video: 
Talk-radio icon Rush Limbaugh said the evidence is worrisome. 
'Every Trump rally would feature none of this [violence] unless the Democrats were paying for it. I think it's a big deal, folks. The media is complicit. They know who these people are. … They're in on it. They're part of the game. … None of it's organic. None of it's natural. None of it's real. Every bit of it is bought and paid for. 
'[Democrats] can't leave elections to chance because they know that, despite the way it may look, the majority of Americans would not support them if they knew who they are.” 
The first video:
ARTICLE

Feds: 275,000 born to illegals in 1 year 7% of all U.S. births, would fill city size of Orlando Published: 10 mins ago 
(WASHINGTON EXAMINER) Moms in the United States illegally gave birth to 275,000 babies in 2014, enough birthright U.S. citizens to fill a city the size of Orlando, Florida, according to an analysis of data from the National Center for Health Statistics. 
The data showed that newborns to illegals accounted for 7 percent of all births in 2014, according to the analysis from the Pew Research Center.
ARTICLE

Dow higher as Boeing gains offset Apple's fall 'The fact of the matter is the oil market is rebalancing itself' Published: 58 mins ago 
(CNBC) — U.S. stock closed mostly lower on Wednesday as earnings season continued, while solid economic data helped financials and oil extended its losing streak despite bullish supply data. 
The Dow Jones industrial average rose 21 points after briefly dropping more than 100 points, with Boeing contributing gains to the tune of 38 points, offsetting sharp losses in Apple, which took about 20 points off the index. 
The S&P 500 momentarily eked above breakeven before holding 0.22 percent lower, with real estate falling 1.32 percent to lead decliners while industrials and financials outperformed. The Nasdaq lagged, falling 0.64 percent as Apple shed about 2.7 percent.
ARTICLE

Anatomy lesson Published: 2 hours ago 
Editor's note: Do you need something to smile about? Every day, WND selects the best joke offered up by readers and contributors to its Laughlines forum and brings it to you as the WND Joke of the Day. Here is today's offering: 
A pediatrician in town always plays a game with some of his young patients to put them at ease and test their knowledge of body parts. 
One day, while pointing to a little boy's ear, the doctor asked him, 'Is this your nose?” 
The little boy turned to his mother and said, 'Mom, I think we'd better find a new doctor!”
ARTICLE

Impeachment-era evidence against Bill Clinton still sealed 60,000 pages stored in 'locked, guarded room' Published: 5 mins ago 
(DAILYCALLER) — Tens of thousands of pages detailing the case for impeachment against former President Bill Clinton have remained locked away from the public for almost 20 years. 
Although many believe that the report issued by then Independent Counsel Ken Starr revealed the final findings of his investigation of Clinton in the late 1990's, around 60,000 pages of documents seen by only a few people describe the House Judiciary Committee's case against the 42nd president. 
House Judiciary Committee Chairman Henry Hyde hired Chicago attorney and Democrat David Schippers to be the Chief Investigative Counsel to help prosecute the committee's case against Clinton. Schippers described to American Family Radio's Sandy Rios Friday how the evidence against Clinton was stored and studied by Congress at the time.
ARTICLE

U.N. declares junk food a 'human rights' issue Says countries failing to meet globally agreed upon nutrition targets Published: 1 min ago 
UNITED NATIONS (AP) — A U.N. expert says junk food is a human rights concern. 
Hilal Elver, the U.N.'s special representative on the right to food, said Tuesday the rise of industrial food production combined with trade liberalization has allowed large corporations to flood the global market with cheap, nutrient-poor foods that force poor people to choose between economic viability and nutrition, effectively violating their right to adequate food. 
'Within the human rights framework, states are obliged to ensure effective measures to regulate the food industry, ensure that nutrition policymaking spaces are free from private sector influence and implement comprehensive policies that combat malnutrition in all its forms,” she said.
ARTICLE

About | | Archive David Rives is known for his presentation "The Heavens Declare the Glory of God" and as host of TBN's "Creation in the 21st Century." His GPS observatory-class telescope allows David to share his passion for the heavens with others through astro-photography and astronomical events. THE HEAVENS DECLARE: Yes, creationists can be real scientists, too Exclusive: David Rives offers testable hypotheses supported by data from Bible-believers ...more
ARTICLE

Federal judge charges Sheriff Joe with contempt Arpaio seeking 7th term, faces up to 6 months jail Published: 20 mins ago 
(ABC15) — The longtime sheriff of metropolitan Phoenix was charged Tuesday with criminal contempt-of-court for ignoring a judge's order in a racial-profiling case, leaving the 84-year-old lawman in a tough spot two weeks before Election Day as he seeks a seventh term. 
Prosecutors promised two weeks ago that they would charge Sheriff Joe Arpaio, but the misdemeanor count wasn't officially filed against him until U.S. District Judge Susan Bolton signed it. 
A formal trial date is scheduled for Dec. 6 On Wednesday, a federal judge set a Nov. 3 status conference — five days before the election — in the sheriff's racial profiling case.
ARTICLE

All About Jesus' shirt sparks school uproar Legal action threatened over 'hostility toward religious beliefs' Published: 6 hours ago 
(HOUSTON CHRONICLE) — A Dallas Fort-Worth high school that initially refused to print a religious logo on their sports jersey has changed its mind after receiving a letter threatening legal action from a religious advocacy group. 
At the beginning of the school year, Texas Flower Mound High School was searching for potential sponsors for its competitive bass-fishing team. For a donation of $200, a company would have their logo displayed on the team's website and jersey for four years. 
In early September, Wess Jones, the owner of a boat repair company called 1st Choice Marine and parent to a member of the high school's bass-fishing team, responded to the offer. Jones' company logo, a picture of a boat surrounded by red lettering that read 'It's not about us, it's all about Jesus,” was rejected by the school.
ARTICLE

Print 
Have you ever noticed how Washington always has a plan to solve everybody's problem – except their own? 
For the federal government, it's always easy and tempting to look at problems – real or imagined – outside of the beltway and solve them from afar. 
You will recall, of course, how former Attorney General Eric Holder was going to stop police shootings all over America with sensitivity training, the power and force of the federal government and investigations, investigations and more investigations. 
Now Loretta Lynch, his successor, also known as Hillary Clinton's guardian angel, is set to turn police shootings throughout America into big business and more power for Washington. 
Her latest pet project is assembling a national database on 'interactions between law enforcement and civilians,” she reported this month. 
'Accurate and comprehensive data on the use of force by law enforcement is essential to an informed and productive discussion about community-police relations,” Lynch said. 'In the days ahead, the Department of Justice will continue to work alongside our local, state, tribal and federal partners to ensure that we put in place a system to collect data that is comprehensive, useful, and responsive to the needs of the communities we serve.” 
The irony here is thick, indeed. 
One of Lynch's goals, she says, is to get law enforcement agencies to report more thoroughly about people who died during an interaction with them. 
Meanwhile, Lynch presides over the most egregious cover-up of the most outrageous police shooting case I have ever seen in my life – namely the killing of Miriam Carey, a young black mother with baby in tow, who was gunned down by Washington cops and Secret Service agents for a wrong turn in the nation's capital. 
Lynch wants reports? 
So does WND, which has been pursuing the information through Freedom of Information Act requests and finally, after being stonewalled for years, a lawsuit. 
So does the public and the family of Miriam Carey. Unfortunately, Lynch is holding back on a few things: Missing Evidence The 92-page memo with findings, analysis of evidence and conclusions in the Carey shooting investigation. This would show the evidence and reasoning that led the Department of Justice to decline to file criminal charges against officers. Why they considered this a justifiable homicide – or whether they should have, based on the evidence. Why officers used deadly force. Whether officers followed or violated the policy of their agencies. Video of shooting at Capitol Police guard post at intersection of Constitution Ave., Maryland Ave. and 2nd Street. Only stills have been released. Video would show more clearly if officer's life actually was in danger, as DOJ claimed, when he fired fatal shot to Carey's head. Not one of the five witnesses at the scene said Carey was driving at the officer, as the DOJ claimed. Police statements The police report said four officers fired shots at Carey, two from the Capitol Police and two from the Secret Service. Not one statement from those officers was in the report. Their names were also redacted. Redacted information An attorney in the Washington, D.C., mayor's office said the only redactions were names, in order to protect privacy. It turned out much more was redacted than names. The report was riddled with blacked-out sections and missing information. 12 pages in the report were entirely blacked out. 15 pages were mostly blacked out. 22 pages were partially blacked out. Some of the blacked-out pages just included a heading marked 'Evidence.” Some just had a date. Witness statements An astonishing 38 witness accounts are missing from the police report. The police report stated: 'There were seventy-two (72) witnesses interviewed regarding this incident and their statements were captured by audio and/or video recordings. Copies of the aforementioned recordings were turned over to the USAO for review. Copies of the aforementioned audio and video recordings are stored in the main case file at the Technical Support Unit (TSU) located at the IAD.” Of those 72 witness statements, only 34 were in the materials provided to WND, leaving 38 missing. Statement transcripts None of the actual transcripts of interviews in the witnesses' own words were provided, just paraphrased versions in what the former NYPD officer Sanders described as 'cop talk.” White House guard post video Stills were released but not the video. It would show whether anyone was manning the post when Carey drove up; whether she tried to drive around the off-duty guard who dragged a gate in front of her; and whether she sped off, or left at a normal speed, as a witness said. Police radio recordings No recordings or transcripts of radio transmissions during the pursuit and shooting of Carey were provided in the FOIA material. Also not provided were transcripts of computer transmissions (instant messaging) between squad cars and police headquarters. Ballistics and forensics reports The Justice Department Washington Metro Police Department responses to FOIA requests did not include a ballistics or a forensics report. 
I could go on and on. For people who want facts and reports, the U.S. Justice Department under both Holder and Lynch have a strong propensity for not willingly releasing the facts and reports to the public or the press. 
We've been at this for a long time – years. Yet the stonewall and cover-up of a horrendous, unjustifiable, outrageous police shooting right in their own jurisdiction and backyard continues. 
Do we really expect Eric Holder and Loretta Lynch to find justice for police shooting victims outside of their own jurisdiction with a track record like that? 
Media wishing to interview Joseph Farah, please contact . Receive Joseph Farah's daily commentaries in your email BONUS: By signing up for Joseph Farah's alerts, you will also be signed up for news and special offers from WND via email. Name *
ARTICLE

Will it be representative government or thugocracy? Exclusive: Erik Rush envisions Clinton using high court 'as a bludgeon' against liberty Published: 15 mins ago Erik Rush About | | Archive Erik Rush is a columnist and author of sociopolitical fare. His latest book is "Negrophilia: From Slave Block to Pedestal - America's Racial Obsession." In 2007, he was the first to give national attention to the story of Sen. Barack Obama's ties to militant Chicago preacher Rev. Jeremiah Wright, initiating a media feeding frenzy. Erik has appeared on Fox News' "Hannity and Colmes," CNN, and is a veteran of numerous radio appearances. Print 
' I feel strongly that the Supreme Court needs to stand on the side of the American people, not on the side of the powerful corporations and the wealthy. For me, that means that we need a Supreme Court that will stand up on behalf of women's rights, on behalf of the rights of the LGBT community, that will stand up and say no to Citizens United, a decision that has undermined the election system in our country because of the way it permits dark, unaccountable money to come into our electoral system. ” 
– Hillary Clinton 
The first salvo from Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton (or rather, her answer to the first question posed by Fox News' Chris Wallace to her and Donald Trump at the third presidential debate) was as chilling as it was an exemplar of hypocrisy. 
Those on the left are quite fond of leveling the accusation against conservatives of employing 'dog whistle politics,” rhetoric that allegedly contains hidden or esoteric derogatory messaging which targets a specific subgroup within the opposition. Ms. Clinton's response to Wallace's question (where they wanted to see the Supreme Court take the country, and their views on how the Constitution ought to be interpreted) however, was representative of this tactic. 
While women's rights and those of the LGBT community may seem to be a curious focus for the high court (since objectively, women wouldn't appear to be particularly oppressed given that one has been nominated to run for president, and the LGBT community accounts for less than 5 percent of the American population), Clinton's answer revealed the focus she believes the court should have once she becomes empress. 
'Women's rights” is of course 'dog whistle” for unfettered abortion, even late-term abortion, which is essentially infanticide via dismemberment. 'LGBT rights” is 'dog whistle” for disenfranchising the majority of Americans who hold traditional values, primarily Christians. Leveraging a vocal minority of homosexuals, bisexuals and transgender individuals whom the left has whipped into a froth against Christians is the methodology that was employed to negate the political power of Christians in Europe and Canada. A direct assault via legislation in this area would not work in the U.S. (at least not at present); however, judicial rulings could effectively bring about the same result. 
Let us leave aside for a moment the fact that judicial activism is unethical and skirts the Constitution and that Clinton's overall objectives are manifestly evil. Hillary Clinton's stated priorities for the Supreme Court are a clear indicator of her desire to use the court as a bludgeon against the Constitution and individual liberties, rather than allowing it to perform its designated function. The hypocrisy attendant to Clinton citing the rights of women and homosexuals when she is beholden via financial contributions to nations that institutionally persecute and murder members of these groups remains plain for all to see, despite being conveniently ignored by the press. 
Clinton's reference to 'powerful corporations and the wealthy” and the malign influence of that sinister conservative organization, Citizens United, was of course another exercise in blatant hypocrisy. Clinton is quite wealthy, and corrupt or otherwise compromised powerful corporations have been instrumental in bringing about the designs of American socialists. Even if Citizens United were a vehicle for 'dark, unaccountable money,” the scope of its influence would pale next to the subversive designs of the Muslim Brotherhood, with which Bill and Hillary Clinton have been partnered for decades, or the myriad tentacles of organizations funded by George Soros, the former Nazi collaborator dedicated to advancing oligarchical collectivism in America, someone with whom the Clintons also have a long association. 
One need not attempt to decipher the thinly veiled intent behind Clinton's debate rhetoric to discern what a Hillary Clinton presidency might look like. Her actions to date – and particularly those in the pursuit of seeking that office – should suffice quite nicely. Despite the craven complicity of the establishment press (mainstream media), there is ample evidence for even the most indolent news consumer to reach the conclusion that she and the Democratic leviathan supporting her, and which facilitated Barack Obama's rise to power, are fundamentally malignant. 
In recent days, we've become aware of all manner of unethical conspiracies and outright criminality that's been brought to bear in getting Clinton elected, from Democratic officials tampering with the outcome of the illegal email server investigation, to the oversampling of key demographics in polling in order to enhance the public perception of Clinton's popularity, to the recent revelation of criminally prosecutable actions on the part of the Clinton campaign, the Democratic National Committee and the White House. 
The bottom line here is that Hillary Clinton represents a class of people who transcend even the loathed archetypal modern politician in their rapaciousness and amorality. What all Americans – not just voters, and not just Republicans – need to realize is that leaders at the highest levels in the Republican Party are every bit as culpable as the gutter operatives of the Democratic Party who pay miscreants to dress up as ducks, instigate fistfights at opposition rallies and, yes, even vote for their candidates. 
The burning question is this: In the end, are we to be governed by the will of the people, or are we going to continue pretending that we have a representative government, when we are in effect being ruled by abject thugs operating behind a faux veneer of government? 
Media wishing to interview Erik Rush, please contact . Receive Erik Rush's commentaries in your email BONUS: By signing up for Erik Rush's alerts, you will also be signed up for news and special offers from WND via email. Name *
ARTICLE

For those who are too young or too unwilling to remember, a trip down memory lane. 
1969 – Debut: Hillary speaks at Wellesley graduation, insults Edward Brooke, Senate's lone black member. 
1973 – Watergate committee: Says Chief Counsel Jerry Zeifman of Hillary's performance, 'She was a liar. She was an unethical, dishonest lawyer. She conspired to violate the Constitution, the rules of the House, the rules of the committee and the rules of confidentiality.” 
1978-79 – Cattlegate: as wife of Arkansas governor, she invests $1,000 in cattle futures, makes $100,000. 
1978 – Whitewater: Clintons borrow money to launch Whitewater Development Corporations. Several people go to prison over it. Clintons don't. 
1992 – Bimbo eruptions: Bill and Hillary swear to Steve Kroft on '60 minutes” Bill had nothing to do with Gennifer Flowers. 
1992 – Private investigators: 'We reached out to them,” Hillary tells CBS' Steve Kroft of Bill's women. 'I met with two of them to reassure them they were friends of ours.” They also hire PIs to bribe and/or threaten as many as two-dozen of them. 
1993 – Health care reform: Hillary heads secret health-care task force, sued successfully for violating open meeting laws. Subsequent plan killed by Democratic-controlled House. 
1993 – Waco: Hillary's DOJ authorizes armed assault against religious community in Waco, 80 dead, many of them children, more than half racial minorities. 
1993 – Travelgate: Hillary orchestrates firing of travel office employees, replaces them with her own people. Independent Counsel Robert Ray calls her sworn testimony 'factually false” but can't prove beyond a reasonable doubt it was ”knowingly false.” 
1993 – Vince Foster: White House counsel and reputed Hillary lover is found dead in Fort Marcy Park. The DOJ opens a separate investigation of possible obstruction of justice by Hillary and her cohorts for blocking search of Foster office. 
1994 – Chinagate: Hillary meets with disgraced fixer Webb Hubbell. A week later Clinton Indonesian money man James Riady gives Hubbell $100,000 'job.” Hubbell never talks. Reads the NYT headline, 'Payment to an Ex-Clinton Aide Is Linked to Big Chinese Project.” 
1994 – Filegate: Hillary henchman Craig Livingstone improperly requests and receives FBI background reports on several hundred individuals. Multiple investigations follow. 
1994 – November elections: Due in no small part to health-care fiasco, Dems lose Senate and House for first time in nearly 50 years. 
1995 – Chinagate: Hillary convenes secret meeting with Bill and Dick Morris. They launch what Thompson Committee calls 'the most corrupt political campaign in modern history.” 
Sign the precedent-setting petition supporting Trump's call for an independent prosecutor to investigate Hillary Clinton! 
1995 – Pay to play: The $100,000 donation to travel with the Clintons on trade missions morphs from a discreet expectation into the price of admission. Independent counsel investigates. 
1995-96 – Thompson Committee: The Clintons 'pulled down all the barriers that would normally be in place to keep out illegal contributions, pressured policy makers, and left themselves open to strong suspicion that they were selling not only access to high-ranking officials, but policy as well.” 
1996 – Blizzard of lies: Hillary dodges imaginary 'sniper fire” in Bosnia's Tuzla airport. 
1996 – Ron Brown death: Nine days later embattled Commerce Secretary Ron Brown, who hates being 'Hillary Clinton's being mother-f—ing tour guide,” leaves Tuzla on final, fatal flight to Croatia. 
1996 – Enron connection: Brown goes to Croatia to broker a sweetheart deal between the neo-fascists who run the country and the Enron Corporation. Despite his death, the deal goes through, ends very badly. 
1996 – Ron Brown cover-up: Pathologists find an apparent bullet hole in Brown's head. He is buried without autopsy. Head X-rays are lost. Three pathologists and photographer have careers wrecked for going public. 
1995-96 – Thompson Committee: 'Millions of dollars were raised in illegal contributions, much of it from foreign sources.” 
1996 – TWA Flight 800: Hillary is in family quarters with Bill and Sandy Berger when plans are launched to cover up real cause of the destruction of the aircraft. 
1996 – Blizzard of Lies: In a New York Times op-ed titled 'Blizzard of Lies,” the usually restrained William Safire famously calls Hillary 'a congenital liar.” 
1997 – Pay to play: Johnny Chung tells Thompson Committee he funneled $100,000 from the Chinese military to the DNC. 'The White House is like a subway. You have to put in coins to open the gates.” 
1998 – Monica: 'There isn't any fire,” Hillary tells Matt Lauer about the 'smoke” surrounding Monica Lewinsky accusations. ”The great story here is this vast right-wing conspiracy that has been conspiring against my husband.” 
1999 – FALN: Clinton pardons 16 lethal Puerto Rican terrorists to boost Hillary's chance to win N.Y. Senate seat. She supports move until outrage mounts. 
1999 – Christopher Hitchens: 'Like him, [Hillary] is not just a liar but a lie; a phony construct of shreds and patches and hysterical, self-pitying demagogic improvisations.” 
2001 – Pardongate: Clinton pardons 140 people on final day of office, including cocaine dealer, drug-dealing brother, Whitewater pal and billionaire fugitive Marc Rich. Hillary's brothers Hugh and Tony both implicated during subsequent investigation. James Comey investigates, finds no illegality. 
2001 – Furnituregate: The Clintons leave the White House with $134,000 worth of items that they, once the story breaks, have to return or pay for. 
Please share with your Republican friends who seem comfortable with this woman returning to the White House. Unless, they get a royalty every time the suffix 'gate” is applied to a word, they are in for a rough four years. 
Media wishing to interview Jack Cashill, please contact . Receive Jack Cashill's commentaries in your email BONUS: By signing up for Jack Cashill's alerts, you will also be signed up for news and special offers from WND via email. Name *
ARTICLE

While Democrats perpetually circle the wagons, Republicans engage a perpetual circular firing squad. The same holds true for many evangelicals. Democrats and secularists count on it. 
And we never disappoint. 
Full disclosure: I went from a dogged 'Never Trumper” to a 'Maybe Trumper” and, finally, settled as a 'Reluctant Trumper.” I, like any God-fearing father of daughters was, and remain, appalled by Donald Trump's sordid past, and his 11-year-old vulgar video in which he objectified women. His words are indefensible, and I fully expect the Clinton camp to strategically release additional revolting and embarrassing opposition research about the Republican nominee before Election Day. 
Still, I will be voting against Hillary Clinton on Nov. 8 in what is objectively and irrefutably the most effective way possible: by casting a vote, for better or worse, for the policies and promises of Donald Trump – and for the vice presidency of Gov. Mike Pence. 
Regrettably, with many of my Never Trump friends I'm reminded of the fanatic who refuses his daughter chemotherapy and watches her die in an effort to convince himself (and others) of the strength of his own faith. Pride is an awful thing. We are to be 'wise as serpents and innocent as doves” (Matthew 10:16). Foolishness called 'faith” is just foolishness. 
Even so, there are Christian Pharisees on both extremes of this Trump fiasco: first, those Trumpian cultists who buy the 'Make America great again!” pablum and deride any person who, while not casting judgment upon others, makes, with all sincerity, what they view as the principled decision. The latter say they'll sit this one out (or go through the motions by voting third party – a wasted vote by any objective standard). While I appreciate this milder strain of Never Trumper's sincerity, I nonetheless believe it is sincerely wrong. 
And then there are the self-righteous, plank-in-the-eye Never Trump prigs who slander as having 'lost their saltiness,”'sinned against God” and 'compromised their principles,” brothers and sisters who recognize the empirical reality that a vote for a horribly flawed (Lord knows I'm the worst sinner of all) baby Christian as president is a vote against Hillary Clinton's tyranny in perpetuity. 
The Media Research Center has done America a tremendous service. In 2014 the watchdog organization released a video of an actual partial birth abortion – something Hillary Clinton stood on stage during the final presidential debate, stared into the camera with cold, callous eyes, and then both lied about and defended unequivocally. I plead with Never Trumpers to watch the video and then prayerfully reassess their plans for Nov. 8. 
Mrs. Clinton's beloved late-term abortion practice is one so brutal and needless that even the left-leaning American Medical Association has admitted that it is dangerous to the mother and never necessary under any circumstances, not the least of which is for 'the life or health of the mother.” 
During a partial-birth abortion, the abortionist pulls a fully 'viable” child – often kicking and thrashing – feet first from her mother's womb, leaving only the top of her head in the birth canal. This is so the abortionist can technically claim to be performing an abortion, rather than committing murder. 
He then stabs the child through the base of her skull with scissors, piercing her brain until her kicking and moving about suddenly and violently jerks to a halt. Next, he opens the scissors to enlarge the wound as blood and brainstem fluid gush down his hands, inserts a vacuum tube and sucks out her brains, thereby collapsing her skull. 
Her now limp and lifeless body is then cast away like so much garbage. 
This is homicide, plain and simple. Hillary Clinton supports it. Donald Trump opposes it. 
We deserve God's wrath and judgment as a nation for allowing this abortion holocaust to occur on our watch. In my estimation, Mrs. Clinton is a bloodthirsty monster who enthusiastically supports this barbarity. Her Supreme Court appointees will ensure that tens of millions of precious babies like the one in the video are murdered in the same brutal manner. 
My conscience tells me that I must vote in such a way that exercising my civic duty will have the strongest net effect against Mrs. Clinton and ensure that she is stopped. She must not be elected president. To not vote – or to vote for a non-starter third party candidate, which is effectively the same thing – while not an actual vote for Mrs. Clinton, still puts this Mengele in a pantsuit one step closer to the White House and the Supreme Court. 
It's simple math, and it's undeniable. The most effective thing you can personally do as a citizen is to vote against Mrs. Clinton by voting for Mr. Trump. This does the most electoral damage possible to candidate Clinton and offers the best chance for life that you can provide future generations. 
With its 1973 Roe v. Wade decision, the U.S. Supreme Court put the government's official stamp of approval on mass murder. Since then, the battle lines have been drawn. This is war. 'Pro-choicers” are the bad guys and pro-lifers, the good guys. It really is that simple – that black and white. It's good versus evil. 
History will reflect as much. 
Under a President Hillary Clinton, millions more babies will be tortured and dismembered alive. Under a President Donald Trump, these millions might live. And yet, even as Hillary sharpens her knives, we quibble like fools over Donald's potty mouth. 
The devil and Democrats: Oh, how they love derision and division within the body of Christ.
ARTICLE

Election crossroads: Socialism or capitalism? Exclusive: Jane Chastain explains impact of Dems' 'living wage' proposal Published: 20 mins ago Jane Chastain About | | Archive Jane Chastain is a Southern California-based broadcaster, author and political commentator. Despite her present emphasis on politics, Jane always will be remembered as the nation's first female TV sportscaster, spending 17 years on the sports beat. Jane blogs at JaneChastain.com. She is a pilot who lives on a private runway. Print 
Our country is at a crossroads. Never before have we faced such an obvious fork in the road. One road, the one favored by politician Hillary Clinton and her Democratic colleagues, promises to lead us to a socialist utopia. The other, favored by businessman Donald Trump and some of his Republican colleagues, promises to get us back on the road toward free-market capitalism. 
It is no secret that most career politicians lean toward a socialist system. In this system they control the lion's share of our money and, in turn, hand out favors. In this system, they make the major decisions that affect our lives. As the government accumulates more and more power, we invariably end up with less. Statistics show that the longer a politician stays in power, the more of our hard-earned money he or she spends. Yet we keep electing the same people over and over and over again, expecting a different result. 
We've been headed down the road toward socialism for quite some time, and this could be the last fork in the road we will have to get us back to the free-market system that has given this country the highest standard of living in the world. No, it isn't perfect, but it works for everyone who is willing to work hard and wants to improve his or her life. 
Notice what I didn't say is 'simply willing to work hard.” There is the belief by some that if you simply work hard, you should have what these politicians now call a 'living wage” – the income necessary to support a family of four and supply all its basic needs, which is around $85,000 a year in some parts of the country. The Democrats want to replace the minimum wage, which is a training wage, with this living wage. That completely kicks the bottom rungs out from under the economic ladder Americans have traditionally climbed to reach their goals and live independently. 
Ideally, it would mean that you could take a job flipping hamburgers and never gain any skills or accept any responsibility, and live as comfortably as the guy or gal who does. 
Unfortunately, this so-called living wage will destroy jobs. It will cause companies to automate, and those that cannot will begin moving offshore at an even faster rate. 
But this living wage is only part of what the Democrats want to do in the name of fairness. 
This, no doubt, appeals to many in this poor economy who have lost all hope, so they are lulled into thinking that the socialist road is much better. 
Wages have remained flat for far too long, but the Democrats are proposing raising taxes even higher on businesses and job creators. 
Most people simply do not understand that businesses don't pay taxes. They are passed down to consumers in the form of higher prices. And when the price of the necessary goods and services becomes too high, such as we've seen in Obamacare, there is a large outcry. That's when the government steps in and takes over the means of production and the control of those services. That's when the door to socialism/communism slams shut. 
They tell us if we take this socialist road there is nothing to fear. Our benevolent government will take care of us. They are offering us free college – or almost free loans – in order to get the job we want at a salary we think we deserve. And if we don't get that job, the government is going to give us free health care, free food and free housing. Under President Hillary, there will be free child care, free preschool and paid family leave. What a country! 
If we don't reach our goals, everything will be OK because Social Security and Medicare will be there to finance our retirement, and if that isn't enough, the government will put us in a retirement center where we live out the remainder of our years playing checkers or watching television. 
What about the fact that Social Security and Medicare are going broke? How long can we keep printing money to keep us afloat before our economy collapses? They never talk about that. 
As British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher once said, 'The problem with socialism is that you eventually run out of other people's money.” 
Don't be fooled: This election is about a lot more than the two personalities at the top of the ticket. It's an important fork in the road: One fork requires hard work and sacrifice but offers freedom. The other offers a free lunch. 
Media wishing to interview Jane Chastain, please contact . Receive Jane Chastain's commentaries in your email BONUS: By signing up for Jane Chastain's alerts, you will also be signed up for news and special offers from WND via email. Name *
ARTICLE

Print 
Before you applaud me for my integrity or condemn me for selling out, allow me to explain my decision to vote for Donald Trump on Nov. 8. 
First, I'm writing this because I have been asked incessantly for months how I would be voting, not because I think I'm someone special or that what I do should influence you. 
Second, I'm not endorsing Donald Trump. In my mind, there's a world of difference between endorsing a candidate and voting for a candidate. 
Third, I respect those in the #NeverTrump camp and share many of their concerns, including the possibility of his further vulgarizing and degrading the nation, the possibility of him deepening our ethnic and racial divides, and the possibility of him alienating our allies and unnecessarily provoking our enemies, just to name a few. Among the #NeverTrump voices I respect are columnists like David French and Ben Shapiro, bloggers like Matt Walsh and evangelical leaders like Russell Moore and Beth Moore. 
Fourth, I take strong exception to evangelicals who have fawned over Trump as if he were some kind of savior figure, supporting him as if he were St. Donald. I also take issue with evangelical leaders who want us to minimize some of Trump's failings, constantly saying, 'Let him who is without sin cast the first one” (see John 8:7). This is not a question of condemning the man but rather a question of making a moral assessment as to his readiness to serve our nation. 
Fifth, my decision to vote for Trump, barring something earth-shattering between now and Nov. 8, is consistent with my position, which has been: 1) During the GOP primaries, I issued strong warnings against voting for Trump while we had other excellent choices. I did this in writing , on video and on the radio, but always stating that if Trump won the nomination, I would re-evaluate my position. 2) Once Trump became the Republican candidate, I wrote that I was rooting for him to take steps in the right direction and thereby win my vote. 3) I have stated repeatedly that under no circumstances would I vote for Hillary. (For two strong warnings about Hillary, see here and here .) 
So, what has convinced me that I should now vote for Donald Trump? 
The culture war is not over! Gain hope, courage and practical advice in Michael Brown's latest book, 'Outlasting the Gay Revolution: Where Homosexual Activism Is Really Going and How to Turn the Tide” 
First, I believe that he actually is serious about appointing pro-life, pro-Constitution Supreme Court justices. When he said during the last debate that if you're pro-life, you want to see Roe v. Wade overturned, and when he reiterated at his Gettysburg speech that he will be drawing from his list of 20 potential appointees, he helped me feel more confident that he would not suddenly flip-flop if elected. 
Second, one reason I endorsed Sen. Ted Cruz was because he took on the political establishment, both Democratic and Republican, to the point of calling it the Washington cartel. Trump is an absolute wrecking ball to the negative parts of the political system (although, unfortunately, he's been a wrecking ball to some of the good parts of the system), so my vote for him is also a protest vote. 
Third, I am voting for the Republican platform, not the Republican Party, which means I'm in agreement with the platform while at the same time having very little confidence in the party as a whole. 
Fourth, while I have always felt that the line, 'We're electing a president, not a pastor,” was overstated and superficial, if we rephrased it to say, 'We're electing a general to train hand-to-hand combat warriors, not a pastor,” it might have more relevance. In other words, we are not looking for Trump to be a moral reformer (even if hedoes appoint righteous judges), and, at this point, he certainly is anything but a moral example (although we pray he will be truly converted and become one). Rather, out of our choices for president, which are stark, we are voting for the one most likely to defeat Hillary and make some good decisions for the nation, not be the savior. And with things so messed up in America, the hand-to-hand combat analogy is closer to home. 
Fifth, within the first few minutes of the last debate, the massive differences between Hillary and Trump were there for the world to see, she a pro-abortion radical and an extreme supporter of the LGBT agenda and he unashamedly speaking out against late-term abortions and wanting to appoint justices who would defend our essential liberties. Since I have the opportunity to vote, I feel that I should vote for Trump. 
Sixth, Trump continues to be drawn to conservative Christians, and not just ones who tickle his ears. One of my dear friends has spent hours with Trump and members of his family, and he has told me that in 55 years of ministry, no one has received him as openly and graciously as has Trump. Yet my friend continues to speak the truth to him in the clearest possible terms. While I am not one of those claiming that Trump is a born-again Christian (I see absolutely no evidence of this), the fact that he continues to listen to godly men and open the door to their counsel indicates that something positive could possibly be going on. It also indicates that these godly leaders might be a positive influence on him if he were elected president. 
Seventh, although I'm quite aware that a president could do great harm or good to the nation, I'm far more concerned with what we as God's people do with our own lives and witnesses, and for me, the state of the church of America is much more important than the state of the White House. In that context, I echo the words (and warning) of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.: 'The church must be reminded that it is not the master or the servant of the state, but rather the conscience of the state. It must be the guide and the critic of the state, and never its tool. If the church does not recapture its prophetic zeal, it will become an irrelevant social club without moral or spiritual authority.” 
So, in sum: 1) My hope is in God, not Donald Trump, and I do recognize that either Hillary or Trump has the potential to do great harm to America; 2) My urgent call is for us as followers of Jesus to get our own act together so we can be the salt and light of the nation; 3) I will continue to urge all believers not to vote for Hillary Clinton, whose policies will certainly do us great harm; and 4) Ultimately, the most effective way to defeat Hillary is to vote for Trump, while also praying that God will use him for good , not for evil. 
In the end, if Trump gets elected and fails miserably, I will be grieved but not devastated. If he does well, I will rejoice. 
Either way, though, my vote is just that: a vote. My greater role is to live a life pleasing to God with the hope of advancing a gospel-based moral and cultural revolution. Receive Michael Brown's commentaries in your email BONUS: By signing up for Michael Brown's alerts, you will also be signed up for news and special offers from WND via email. Name *
ARTICLE

Our new country: Women and minorities hit hardest Ann Coulter: Dems import 'cultures where rape, incest and spousal murder are acceptable' Published: 24 mins ago × Receive Ann Coulter's alerts in your email 
BONUS: By signing up for Ann Coulter's alerts, you will also be signed up for news and special offers from WND via email. error Print 
Every ethnic group except whites bloc-votes for the Democrats. Coincidentally, the Democrats have brought in another 30 to 40 million nonwhite immigrants in the last few decades. 
It doesn't help that white voters can't agree on what constitutes an acceptable candidate. In 2012, working-class whites sat out the election, rather than vote for the out-of-touch rich guy they saw in Mitt Romney. This year, the out-of-touch rich guys say they'll vote for Hillary because Trump is tacky and gross. 
The sad irony is that the only people who will be better off in our new country are mostly white plutocrats – the top .01 percent. The rest of us will be their servants. 
The people who will be worse off are everybody else – the working class, the middle class (who will soon be working class) and, most of all, women, minorities, children, the elderly, the weakest and most vulnerable members of society. 
Look to Mexico for your future – or any Third World country. Or to Univision's Jorge Ramos. The ruling class in Mexico is composed of European-looking, white descendants of Spanish conquistadors who raped the native population, giving them only their Spanish names in return. (British settlers in America brought women with them.) 
Explaining Latino culture's acceptance of incest and child rape, criminal justice researcher Shana Maier writes in a book about rape that 'the male is the head of the household, and women are subordinate to men. … Hispanics and Latinos are more likely than other racial/ethnic groups to blame the victim. The victim, not the perpetrator, is blamed for bringing dishonor to the family.” 
One American detective said that, today, police are being taught to keep an 'open mind” about child rape because 'it's a cultural thing.” 
When it comes to multiculturalism, you can't say, We love the empanadas – but we don't want 40-year-old men raping their nieces . This isn't an a la carte menu. We get ALL the attributes of the cultures we're importing. 
As described in excruciating detail in 'Adios, America: The Left's Plan to Turn Our Country into a Third World Hellhole,” our media already have a totally 'open mind” about incest and child rape – and murder! – when it's committed by immigrants. 
Thus, for example, where I would have chosen the headline: 'Illegal Alien Convicted of Incest, Child Rape,” the Chattanooga (Tenn.) Times Free Press went with the less catchy: 'Man guilty in case of human smuggling.” 
And where I would have used the headline, 'Illegal Alien Repeatedly Raped 14-year-old Girl at Job Site,” the Commercial Dispatch in Columbus, Mississippi, went with the more subtle, 'Columbus resident charged with molestation.” 
Immigrant women arrive in America, thrilled to have escaped cultures where rape, incest and spousal murder are acceptable, only to discover that those crimes are perfectly acceptable in this country, too – provided the perpetrator is from the very culture they fled. 
In 1989, Brooklyn Judge Edward Pincus sentenced a Chinese immigrant to probation for a premeditated murder of his wife, on the grounds that the murder flowed from 'traditional Chinese values about adultery and loss of manhood.” The female head of the Asian-American Legal Defense and Education Fund, Margaret Fung, applauded the ruling. 
Somewhat amazingly, newspapers are more likely to report black crime than immigrant crime. (Anything to keep the Third World immigration flowing!) 
In 2013, a 13-year-old girl was gang-raped by about a dozen illegal aliens, who cheered and videoed the attack. 
When the news first broke, Shaneequa Jupiter, who lived with her children in the apartment building where the gang rape occurred, complained that neither the police nor apartment security had warned residents about the danger. (That could reflect poorly on illegal immigrants!) 
Even if Shaneequa had scoured the headlines, she would have been on the lookout for 'Austin men.” Or 'Two.” 
Compare these headlines about the same brutal sexual attack: 
– 'Two held in attack on child” – Austin American-Statesman (Texas), July 19, 2013 
– 'Two Mexicans placed on immigration detainers as third man is arrested over five-day gang rape hell of teenage runaway during which she smoked crack” – Daily Mail Online, July 24, 2013 
Needless to say, the New York Times did not cover the Mexican illegal-alien gang rape at all. 
The ultimate primer on the 'blue-collar billionaire”— order Ann Coulter's book 'In Trump We Trust: E Pluribus Awesome!” 
By contrast, the Times, and every major American news outlet, extensively covered another gang rape – of a girl about the same age, at about the same time, in about the same place. 
The second case only was 'rape” because of the girl's young age – she was 11. But she was an enthusiastic participant, sneaking out of her house at night to meet the men for sex. 
Those rapes, just a few years earlier, got a full-court press. The defendants were African-American. The victim was Mexican. 
That time, there were articles in the Huffington Post, GQ, Slate, Salon and Mother Jones. It even made the New York Times, despite no connection to a college fraternity or lacrosse team. 
Similarly, within a few months of one another in 2013, two men were arrested in separate child rape cases in Decatur, Alabama, for assaults on 9-year-old girls. One suspect was African-American, the other was a Hispanic immigrant. Only one made the newspaper. Guess which one? 
When excitable Muslims raped American reporter Lara Logan in Tahrir Square (another one of Hillary's foreign policy successes!), journalists immediately set to work to find the shortest line from the Muslim rapists to white American men. 
Conclusion: The real problem was the female reporters' American bosses and colleagues. (Definitely not Islam!) 
Sampling of New York Times commentary on Logan's rape: 
– 'Why We Need Women in War Zones” ('I would never tell my bosses for fear that they might keep me at home the next time something major happened. … This attack also had nothing to do with Islam.”) 
– 'Reporting While Female” ('Women reporters face another set of challenges. We are often harassed in ways that male colleagues are not. … In my experience, Muslim countries were not the worst places for sexual harassment.”) 
Perhaps American men could do better, but, as American women may soon discover: They never had it so good. 
Manifestly, the purpose of our immigration policies is not to help Americans – or the immigrants who wanted to live in a place like America. They are designed to funnel welfare-dependent voters to the Democrats and cheap labor to the rich. (The Chinese immigrant who got probation for murdering his wife, for example, came to America based on his specialized skill of being a dishwasher.) 
Our country will be Zimbabwe, but – if all goes according to the Democrats' plan – they'll get to be Mugabe! 
That's Hillary's dream. If she wins, Joe Sobran's parody of the typical New York Times headline (about anything) will come true: 'Women and Minorities Hit Hardest.” Receive Ann Coulter's weekly commentaries in your email BONUS: By signing up for Ann Coulter's alerts, you will also be signed up for news and special offers from WND via email. Name *
ARTICLE

Trump vs. Clinton: A risk vs. a disaster Larry Elder: Hillary has never been asked by anyone in media about Juanita Broaddrick Published: 26 mins ago × Receive Larry Elder's alerts in your email 
BONUS: By signing up for Larry Elder's alerts, you will also be signed up for news and special offers from WND via email. error Print 
Two weeks left to go in the election and the electorate feels like a battered NFL fan. The game gets increasingly old and tiring to watch, and playing it can inflict permanent brain damage. 
Democrats can be counted upon to call the Republican opponent racist, whether the opponent is the priestly Mitt Romney or the Supreme Court justice who wrote the Dred Scott decision. Donald Trump, you see, is 'racist” because, among other reasons, at a campaign stop he pointed to a black man and called him 'my African-American.” Hillary Clinton, on the other hand, is not anti-Semitic, even though three witnesses, one of whom took and passed a polygraph, claim that she referred to her husband's former congressional campaign manager as a 'f–-ing Jew bastard.” 
With a Republican candidate, the media can be counted upon to seize upon any deficiencies – big or small, real or imagined – while giving the Democrat a pass. So Trump's 'failure to ever apologize” outweighs an examination of Clinton's flat-out lie during the third debate when she insisted that the Supreme Court Heller case was about 'toddlers,” as opposed to the fundamental issue of whether the Second Amendment confers an individual right to keep and bear arms. 
In Heller, nowhere in the majority decision or in any of the dissenting decisions does the word 'toddler” appear. Clinton, a year ago, flat-out said, 'The Supreme Court is wrong on the Second Amendment.” To normal people, this meant she opposed what the decision ruled on, which, again, was whether we, as individuals, have a right to keep and bear arms. 
Meanwhile, we learn more and more about what the media labels an 'email scandal,” when the accurate description is 'national security scandal.” The Espionage Act criminalizes gross negligence in the handling of important national security matters. The law does not require, as FBI Director James Comey falsely stated, an 'intent.” Nor is it relevant, as Clinton insists, whether or not her private server, the one she maintained in her basement, was 'hacked.” 
Five people who worked with or for Clinton, including her chief of staff, all received immunity deals, something normally given to get someone to flip on a target. Some of the five were involved in deleting emails after the emails were subpoenaed. But the 'target,” that is to say Hillary Clinton, was deemed by Comey to have lacked sufficient criminal intent to be prosecuted. So why the immunity deals? Who knows – and as far as most of the media are concerned, who cares? 
Clinton insists that 'President Obama doesn't get enough credit” for the swell job he did with the economy. This would be the economy in which, for the first time in history, a president has presided over a recovery without a single year of at least 3 percent growth in gross domestic product. This would be the same economy with an alleged low unemployment number that Gallup CEO Jim Clifton calls 'the big lie,” given the large number of people who simply abandoned the job hunt or are under-employed. 
Meanwhile, it's yet another day in which another woman who alleges she was kissed, groped, touched, or made fun of by Trump has appeared with her attorney, feminist Gloria Allred. Allred, a Clinton supporter, sees no contradiction between representing alleged victims of Trump's sexual misconduct and her support for Clinton, who is alleged to have hired private detectives and lawyers to dig up dirt on her husband's accusers. One such accuser, Juanita Broaddrick, claims not only that she was raped by Bill Clinton but also that two weeks after the alleged rape, Hillary Clinton verbally threatened her. 
Hillary Clinton, mind you, has never been asked by anyone in the media about Broaddrick's allegation. Never. And only one national reporter, Sam Donaldson, has ever asked Bill Clinton about Juanita Broaddrick's allegation. Ever. Clinton's answer? He referred Donaldson to his lawyer, David Kendall. Donaldson quickly tried again, asking the then-president to 'simply deny it.” Same answer: 'My attorney … speaks for me.” And that was that. 
So Hillary Clinton is a candidate who wants to continue the same policy that's given us the worst recovery since 1949; who has clearly violated the Espionage Act and placed the nation's security at risk; who told the Benghazi victim's families that the death of four Americans was inspired by a video, while telling her daughter and foreign officials something entirely different; whose charitable foundation engaged in pay-to-play in Haiti, so that donors got contracts for disaster relief and non-donors went to the back of the line; who wants to gut the Second Amendment; who wants to continue the same foreign policies that that have encouraged aggressiveness on the part of ISIS, Russia and the Chinese; and whose media compadres, including scribes with the New York Times, Washington Post and CNBC, have been outed by WikiLeaks as colluding with her campaign. And she is now odds-on favorite to become the next president of the United States. Receive Larry Elder's commentaries in your email BONUS: By signing up for Larry Elder's alerts, you will also be signed up for news and special offers from WND via email. Name *
ARTICLE

OUT OF LEFT FIELD Gingrich slut-shames Megyn Kelly Adele M. Stan: Misogyny isn't just baked into the Trump brand, it is the Trump brand Published: 26 mins ago 
(American Prospect) — When, as a campaign surrogate and once-powerful white man, you answer allegations that your candidate may be a sexual predator with a sex-laced attack on your female interviewer, you're probably a misogynist. A desperate misogynist. 
That's what former House Speaker Newt Gingrich is looking like this morning. 
During a Tuesday discussion of Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump's sinking poll numbers, Gingrich accused Fox News Channel host Megyn Kelly of being 'fascinated with sex” when she dared to mention that Trump's fortunes began falling after the now infamous Access Hollywood video, featuring Trump boasting about his self-proclaimed prerogative to sexually assault women, became public on October 7, and nearly a dozen women came forward to allege that Trump had either assaulted them or otherwise taken liberties with their bodies.
ARTICLE

Clinton transmitted classified info to her lawyers Andrew McCarthy: There's no attorney exception to criminal law that prohibits such action Published: 27 mins ago 
(National Review) — What was the legal rationale under which Hillary Clinton quite intentionally shared classified information with her lawyers, including David Kendall, Cheryl Mills, and Heather Samuelson? 
As I outlined in last weekend's column, we know that Clinton's e-mails were replete with classified information. According to the FBI, the classified e-mails included intelligence graded at the most closely guarded level: eight top-secret e-mails, and seven designated as 'special access program” (SAP) information. (While FBI director James Comey's presentation understandably left this vague, the likelihood is that seven of the eight top-secret e-mails are SAP.) Under President Bill Clinton's 1995 executive order, top-secret intelligence is information the mishandling of which 'could be expected to cause exceptionally grave damage to the national security.” The SAP designation is added when the unauthorized disclosure of intelligence could compromise critical intelligence-gathering methods or imperil the lives of intelligence sources. 
That is why access to this information is so tightly restricted, and its unauthorized disclosure is routinely prosecuted.
ARTICLE

Print Side-by-side of Bill Clinton and Danney Williams 
NEW YORK –YouTube on Wednesday suspended the account of Danney Williams, the 30-year-old who has claimed since the 1990s to be the black son of former President Bill Clinton. 
YouTube, citing 'repeated or severe violations of our Terms of Use and/or Community Guidelines,” declared the account 'cannot be restored.” 
The YouTube decision blocked the nine-minute feature 'BANISHED – The Untold Story of Danney Williams,” which had received 1.2 million views since Williams posted it last week. Produced by filmmaker Joel Gilbert, it drew nearly 100,000 views per day and more than 1,000 viewer comments, with the overwhelming majority expressing support for Williams and outrage at the Clintons for not being willing to allow a DNA test to determine paternity. 
Like the reporting you see here? Sign up for free news alerts from WND.com, America's independent news network. 
'My YouTube account has been deleted, but the same video appears in 50 other places on YouTube alone,” Williams said on his Facebook page after being notified of YouTube's decision. '[YouTube] can't handle the truth! Please share #BillClintonSon.” 
Twitter also continues to allow Williams to post the 'Banished” video on Danney Williams' page , but the Twitter link to YouTube displays the message : 'This video is no longer available because the YouTube account associated with this video has been terminated. Sorry about that.” 
The video is still running on Danney Williams-Clinton's Facebook page , as well as on the YouTube channel operated by Gilbert. 
Attempt to silence Danney Williams? 
Gilbert told WND he helped Williams file an online appeal form on YouTube asking why the account was suspended and demanding it be immediately reinstated. 
'The behavior of YouTube/Google in suspending Danney's account is outrageous! There have been absolutely zero violations of any kind let alone a severe one of any YouTube terms or guidelines,” Gilbert said. 
Gilbert was outspoken in charging YouTube with partisan political motives for the suspension. 
'The only possible explanation is that the Clinton campaign requested YouTube/Google to silence Danney, 'to run him off the plantation' as Danney said Hillary Clinton did to him and his aunt when he was a small child and they were chased off the grounds of the Arkansas governor's mansion in 1990,” Gilbert said. 
'Danney cannot be silenced any longer,” he continued. 'Hillary may try to sweep Danney Williams under the rug, but it's not going to work this time. His story is out there, and every day more and more people understand Bill and Hillary Clinton banished this young man from their family because of the color of his skin.” 
See the Danney Williams video feature: 
WND reported Oct. 19 that in the hours before the third and final presidential debate, attorneys for Williams were in Las Vegas to announce their intention to file a paternity suit demanding DNA evidence from the former president. 
Accompanying the dramatic announcement was a rap music video celebrating Williams that went viral on the Internet. 
No definitive DNA test 
WND reported that no DNA test was conducted in 1999, despite media reports to the contrary when Williams' claim first surfaced. 
Clinton defenders since 1999 have contended the tabloid Star Magazine conducted a 'DNA showdown” proving Bill Clinton was not Williams' father, citing Star Magazine editor Phil Bunton saying at the time, 'There was no match, nothing even close.” 
But in an interview, Bunton told WND that no blood sample was obtained from Clinton and Star Magazine never published a story documenting a laboratory test. 
'I don't remember ever seeing any laboratory test that was done on Clinton's DNA,” Bunton told WND. 
Bunton is now the owner of the Rivertown Magazine in Haverstraw, New York. 
He affirmed to WND that the tabloid relied on the DNA evidence for Clinton published by independent counsel Kenneth Starr, extracted from the infamous Monica Lewinsky blue dress. 
'We got a lot of phone calls from several people in the media, including the New York Times, wanting to know when we were going to get the DNA back,” Bunton recalled to WND. 'We thought it was going to turn out to be his son, but when the DNA came back there was no story there even to write.” 
The DNA test released by Kenneth Starr was the second of two DNA laboratory tests the FBI had run on Clinton, but the public record leaves no doubt that Starr withheld the more robust test conducted by the FBI. 
'Twitter rules' 
Many other figures who have challenged the Democratic Party or the left-leaning media narrative also have run into trouble with social media outlets, including James O'Keefe and his Project Veritas, which has exposed Clinton campaign voter fraud and agitation in a series of hidden-camera videos. Just as O'Keefe was preparing to release new revelations of voter fraud Oct. 13, Twitter shut down his account , claiming violations of 'Twitter Rules.” The notice said he 'must delete the tweets that are in violation of our rules, which prohibit: harassing other users, threatening other users, disclosing other users' private information” or violating 'other rules.” In a statement, O'Keefe said he relies on social media to 'bypass the media and directly reach the public.” On Monday, O'Keefe wrote in a tweet Project Veritas was unable to upload its third video in the series to YouTube, calling the apparent block 'bizarre.” Earlier this month, O'Keefe was forced to delete a tweet critical of a Hillary Clinton staffer to regain use of his account after it was suspended for a day. His account was suspended in the hours before a release of a new hidden-camera video that exposed a Clinton ally saying she could use executive action on guns, the Daily Caller reported . Project Veritas posted an undercover video Oct. 17 proving Hillary Clinton supporters were inciting violence at Donald Trump rallies to gain negative media coverage. Millions of viewers watched the video in just a few hours, but it didn't show up on Google's 'trending” list on YouTube, which Google owns, noted SilenceisConsent.net . It did, however, trend on Twitter, which Google does not own. Breitbart blogger Milo Yiannopoulos was suspended permanently by Twitter minutes before his 'Gays for Trump” party at the Republican National Convention. For some 11 months, the makers of the new movie 'I'm Not Ashamed,” about the first victim of the Columbine killers in Colorado in 1999, were unable to promote their movie through YouTube. The trailer was taken down late in 2015, and the movie's entire channel was suspended . 
Among the conservatives censored by Facebook : Conservative activist and Trump supporter Lauren Southern received a 30-day ban from Facebook because she complained about a friend's account being censored. Facebook locked a 12-year-old black middle schooler's account for posting a video supporting Rudy Giuliani's comment that Obama 'doesn't love America.” The admin of a pro-Trump group was banned for saying Trump is not anti-Muslim, but anti-ISIS.
ARTICLE

Print 
Have you ever noticed how Washington always has a plan to solve everybody's problem – except their own? 
For the federal government, it's always easy and tempting to look at problems – real or imagined – outside of the beltway and solve them from afar. 
You will recall, of course, how former Attorney General Eric Holder was going to stop police shootings all over America with sensitivity training, the power and force of the federal government and investigations, investigations and more investigations. 
Now Loretta Lynch, his successor, also known as Hillary Clinton's guardian angel, is set to turn police shootings throughout America into big business and more power for Washington. 
Her latest pet project is assembling a national database on 'interactions between law enforcement and civilians,” she reported this month. 
'Accurate and comprehensive data on the use of force by law enforcement is essential to an informed and productive discussion about community-police relations,” Lynch said. 'In the days ahead, the Department of Justice will continue to work alongside our local, state, tribal and federal partners to ensure that we put in place a system to collect data that is comprehensive, useful, and responsive to the needs of the communities we serve.” 
The irony here is thick, indeed. 
One of Lynch's goals, she says, is to get law enforcement agencies to report more thoroughly about people who died during an interaction with them. 
Meanwhile, Lynch presides over the most egregious cover-up of the most outrageous police shooting case I have ever seen in my life – namely the killing of Miriam Carey, a young black mother with baby in tow, who was gunned down by Washington cops and Secret Service agents for a wrong turn in the nation's capital. 
Lynch wants reports? 
So does WND, which has been pursuing the information through Freedom of Information Act requests and finally, after being stonewalled for years, a lawsuit. 
So does the public and the family of Miriam Carey. Unfortunately, Lynch is holding back on a few things: Missing Evidence The 92-page memo with findings, analysis of evidence and conclusions in the Carey shooting investigation. This would show the evidence and reasoning that led the Department of Justice to decline to file criminal charges against officers. Why they considered this a justifiable homicide – or whether they should have, based on the evidence. Why officers used deadly force. Whether officers followed or violated the policy of their agencies. Video of shooting at Capitol Police guard post at intersection of Constitution Ave., Maryland Ave. and 2nd Street. Only stills have been released. Video would show more clearly if officer's life actually was in danger, as DOJ claimed, when he fired fatal shot to Carey's head. Not one of the five witnesses at the scene said Carey was driving at the officer, as the DOJ claimed. Police statements The police report said four officers fired shots at Carey, two from the Capitol Police and two from the Secret Service. Not one statement from those officers was in the report. Their names were also redacted. Redacted information An attorney in the Washington, D.C., mayor's office said the only redactions were names, in order to protect privacy. It turned out much more was redacted than names. The report was riddled with blacked-out sections and missing information. 12 pages in the report were entirely blacked out. 15 pages were mostly blacked out. 22 pages were partially blacked out. Some of the blacked-out pages just included a heading marked 'Evidence.” Some just had a date. Witness statements An astonishing 38 witness accounts are missing from the police report. The police report stated: 'There were seventy-two (72) witnesses interviewed regarding this incident and their statements were captured by audio and/or video recordings. Copies of the aforementioned recordings were turned over to the USAO for review. Copies of the aforementioned audio and video recordings are stored in the main case file at the Technical Support Unit (TSU) located at the IAD.” Of those 72 witness statements, only 34 were in the materials provided to WND, leaving 38 missing. Statement transcripts None of the actual transcripts of interviews in the witnesses' own words were provided, just paraphrased versions in what the former NYPD officer Sanders described as 'cop talk.” White House guard post video Stills were released but not the video. It would show whether anyone was manning the post when Carey drove up; whether she tried to drive around the off-duty guard who dragged a gate in front of her; and whether she sped off, or left at a normal speed, as a witness said. Police radio recordings No recordings or transcripts of radio transmissions during the pursuit and shooting of Carey were provided in the FOIA material. Also not provided were transcripts of computer transmissions (instant messaging) between squad cars and police headquarters. Ballistics and forensics reports The Justice Department Washington Metro Police Department responses to FOIA requests did not include a ballistics or a forensics report. 
I could go on and on. For people who want facts and reports, the U.S. Justice Department under both Holder and Lynch have a strong propensity for not willingly releasing the facts and reports to the public or the press. 
We've been at this for a long time – years. Yet the stonewall and cover-up of a horrendous, unjustifiable, outrageous police shooting right in their own jurisdiction and backyard continues. 
Do we really expect Eric Holder and Loretta Lynch to find justice for police shooting victims outside of their own jurisdiction with a track record like that? 
Media wishing to interview Joseph Farah, please contact . Receive Joseph Farah's daily commentaries in your email BONUS: By signing up for Joseph Farah's alerts, you will also be signed up for news and special offers from WND via email. Name *
ARTICLE

Will it be representative government or thugocracy? Exclusive: Erik Rush envisions Clinton using high court 'as a bludgeon' against liberty Published: 43 mins ago About | | Archive Erik Rush is a columnist and author of sociopolitical fare. His latest book is "Negrophilia: From Slave Block to Pedestal - America's Racial Obsession." In 2007, he was the first to give national attention to the story of Sen. Barack Obama's ties to militant Chicago preacher Rev. Jeremiah Wright, initiating a media feeding frenzy. Erik has appeared on Fox News' "Hannity and Colmes," CNN, and is a veteran of numerous radio appearances. Print 
' I feel strongly that the Supreme Court needs to stand on the side of the American people, not on the side of the powerful corporations and the wealthy. For me, that means that we need a Supreme Court that will stand up on behalf of women's rights, on behalf of the rights of the LGBT community, that will stand up and say no to Citizens United, a decision that has undermined the election system in our country because of the way it permits dark, unaccountable money to come into our electoral system. ” 
– Hillary Clinton 
The first salvo from Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton (or rather, her answer to the first question posed by Fox News' Chris Wallace to her and Donald Trump at the third presidential debate) was as chilling as it was an exemplar of hypocrisy. 
Those on the left are quite fond of leveling the accusation against conservatives of employing 'dog whistle politics,” rhetoric that allegedly contains hidden or esoteric derogatory messaging which targets a specific subgroup within the opposition. Ms. Clinton's response to Wallace's question (where they wanted to see the Supreme Court take the country, and their views on how the Constitution ought to be interpreted) however, was representative of this tactic. 
While women's rights and those of the LGBT community may seem to be a curious focus for the high court (since objectively, women wouldn't appear to be particularly oppressed given that one has been nominated to run for president, and the LGBT community accounts for less than 5 percent of the American population), Clinton's answer revealed the focus she believes the court should have once she becomes empress. 
'Women's rights” is of course 'dog whistle” for unfettered abortion, even late-term abortion, which is essentially infanticide via dismemberment. 'LGBT rights” is 'dog whistle” for disenfranchising the majority of Americans who hold traditional values, primarily Christians. Leveraging a vocal minority of homosexuals, bisexuals and transgender individuals whom the left has whipped into a froth against Christians is the methodology that was employed to negate the political power of Christians in Europe and Canada. A direct assault via legislation in this area would not work in the U.S. (at least not at present); however, judicial rulings could effectively bring about the same result. 
Let us leave aside for a moment the fact that judicial activism is unethical and skirts the Constitution and that Clinton's overall objectives are manifestly evil. Hillary Clinton's stated priorities for the Supreme Court are a clear indicator of her desire to use the court as a bludgeon against the Constitution and individual liberties, rather than allowing it to perform its designated function. The hypocrisy attendant to Clinton citing the rights of women and homosexuals when she is beholden via financial contributions to nations that institutionally persecute and murder members of these groups remains plain for all to see, despite being conveniently ignored by the press. 
Clinton's reference to 'powerful corporations and the wealthy” and the malign influence of that sinister conservative organization, Citizens United, was of course another exercise in blatant hypocrisy. Clinton is quite wealthy, and corrupt or otherwise compromised powerful corporations have been instrumental in bringing about the designs of American socialists. Even if Citizens United were a vehicle for 'dark, unaccountable money,” the scope of its influence would pale next to the subversive designs of the Muslim Brotherhood, with which Bill and Hillary Clinton have been partnered for decades, or the myriad tentacles of organizations funded by George Soros, the former Nazi collaborator dedicated to advancing oligarchical collectivism in America, someone with whom the Clintons also have a long association. 
One need not attempt to decipher the thinly veiled intent behind Clinton's debate rhetoric to discern what a Hillary Clinton presidency might look like. Her actions to date – and particularly those in the pursuit of seeking that office – should suffice quite nicely. Despite the craven complicity of the establishment press (mainstream media), there is ample evidence for even the most indolent news consumer to reach the conclusion that she and the Democratic leviathan supporting her, and which facilitated Barack Obama's rise to power, are fundamentally malignant. 
In recent days, we've become aware of all manner of unethical conspiracies and outright criminality that's been brought to bear in getting Clinton elected, from Democratic officials tampering with the outcome of the illegal email server investigation, to the oversampling of key demographics in polling in order to enhance the public perception of Clinton's popularity, to the recent revelation of criminally prosecutable actions on the part of the Clinton campaign, the Democratic National Committee and the White House. 
The bottom line here is that Hillary Clinton represents a class of people who transcend even the loathed archetypal modern politician in their rapaciousness and amorality. What all Americans – not just voters, and not just Republicans – need to realize is that leaders at the highest levels in the Republican Party are every bit as culpable as the gutter operatives of the Democratic Party who pay miscreants to dress up as ducks, instigate fistfights at opposition rallies and, yes, even vote for their candidates. 
The burning question is this: In the end, are we to be governed by the will of the people, or are we going to continue pretending that we have a representative government, when we are in effect being ruled by abject thugs operating behind a faux veneer of government? 
Media wishing to interview Erik Rush, please contact . Receive Erik Rush's commentaries in your email BONUS: By signing up for Erik Rush's alerts, you will also be signed up for news and special offers from WND via email. Name *
ARTICLE

For those who are too young or too unwilling to remember, a trip down memory lane. 
1969 – Debut: Hillary speaks at Wellesley graduation, insults Edward Brooke, Senate's lone black member. 
1973 – Watergate committee: Says Chief Counsel Jerry Zeifman of Hillary's performance, 'She was a liar. She was an unethical, dishonest lawyer. She conspired to violate the Constitution, the rules of the House, the rules of the committee and the rules of confidentiality.” 
1978-79 – Cattlegate: as wife of Arkansas governor, she invests $1,000 in cattle futures, makes $100,000. 
1978 – Whitewater: Clintons borrow money to launch Whitewater Development Corporations. Several people go to prison over it. Clintons don't. 
1992 – Bimbo eruptions: Bill and Hillary swear to Steve Kroft on '60 minutes” Bill had nothing to do with Gennifer Flowers. 
1992 – Private investigators: 'We reached out to them,” Hillary tells CBS' Steve Kroft of Bill's women. 'I met with two of them to reassure them they were friends of ours.” They also hire PIs to bribe and/or threaten as many as two-dozen of them. 
1993 – Health care reform: Hillary heads secret health-care task force, sued successfully for violating open meeting laws. Subsequent plan killed by Democratic-controlled House. 
1993 – Waco: Hillary's DOJ authorizes armed assault against religious community in Waco, 80 dead, many of them children, more than half racial minorities. 
1993 – Travelgate: Hillary orchestrates firing of travel office employees, replaces them with her own people. Independent Counsel Robert Ray calls her sworn testimony 'factually false” but can't prove beyond a reasonable doubt it was ”knowingly false.” 
1993 – Vince Foster: White House counsel and reputed Hillary lover is found dead in Fort Marcy Park. The DOJ opens a separate investigation of possible obstruction of justice by Hillary and her cohorts for blocking search of Foster office. 
1994 – Chinagate: Hillary meets with disgraced fixer Webb Hubbell. A week later Clinton Indonesian money man James Riady gives Hubbell $100,000 'job.” Hubbell never talks. Reads the NYT headline, 'Payment to an Ex-Clinton Aide Is Linked to Big Chinese Project.” 
1994 – Filegate: Hillary henchman Craig Livingstone improperly requests and receives FBI background reports on several hundred individuals. Multiple investigations follow. 
1994 – November elections: Due in no small part to health-care fiasco, Dems lose Senate and House for first time in nearly 50 years. 
1995 – Chinagate: Hillary convenes secret meeting with Bill and Dick Morris. They launch what Thompson Committee calls 'the most corrupt political campaign in modern history.” 
Sign the precedent-setting petition supporting Trump's call for an independent prosecutor to investigate Hillary Clinton! 
1995 – Pay to play: The $100,000 donation to travel with the Clintons on trade missions morphs from a discreet expectation into the price of admission. Independent counsel investigates. 
1995-96 – Thompson Committee: The Clintons 'pulled down all the barriers that would normally be in place to keep out illegal contributions, pressured policy makers, and left themselves open to strong suspicion that they were selling not only access to high-ranking officials, but policy as well.” 
1996 – Blizzard of lies: Hillary dodges imaginary 'sniper fire” in Bosnia's Tuzla airport. 
1996 – Ron Brown death: Nine days later embattled Commerce Secretary Ron Brown, who hates being 'Hillary Clinton's being mother-f—ing tour guide,” leaves Tuzla on final, fatal flight to Croatia. 
1996 – Enron connection: Brown goes to Croatia to broker a sweetheart deal between the neo-fascists who run the country and the Enron Corporation. Despite his death, the deal goes through, ends very badly. 
1996 – Ron Brown cover-up: Pathologists find an apparent bullet hole in Brown's head. He is buried without autopsy. Head X-rays are lost. Three pathologists and photographer have careers wrecked for going public. 
1995-96 – Thompson Committee: 'Millions of dollars were raised in illegal contributions, much of it from foreign sources.” 
1996 – TWA Flight 800: Hillary is in family quarters with Bill and Sandy Berger when plans are launched to cover up real cause of the destruction of the aircraft. 
1996 – Blizzard of Lies: In a New York Times op-ed titled 'Blizzard of Lies,” the usually restrained William Safire famously calls Hillary 'a congenital liar.” 
1997 – Pay to play: Johnny Chung tells Thompson Committee he funneled $100,000 from the Chinese military to the DNC. 'The White House is like a subway. You have to put in coins to open the gates.” 
1998 – Monica: 'There isn't any fire,” Hillary tells Matt Lauer about the 'smoke” surrounding Monica Lewinsky accusations. ”The great story here is this vast right-wing conspiracy that has been conspiring against my husband.” 
1999 – FALN: Clinton pardons 16 lethal Puerto Rican terrorists to boost Hillary's chance to win N.Y. Senate seat. She supports move until outrage mounts. 
1999 – Christopher Hitchens: 'Like him, [Hillary] is not just a liar but a lie; a phony construct of shreds and patches and hysterical, self-pitying demagogic improvisations.” 
2001 – Pardongate: Clinton pardons 140 people on final day of office, including cocaine dealer, drug-dealing brother, Whitewater pal and billionaire fugitive Marc Rich. Hillary's brothers Hugh and Tony both implicated during subsequent investigation. James Comey investigates, finds no illegality. 
2001 – Furnituregate: The Clintons leave the White House with $134,000 worth of items that they, once the story breaks, have to return or pay for. 
Please share with your Republican friends who seem comfortable with this woman returning to the White House. Unless, they get a royalty every time the suffix 'gate” is applied to a word, they are in for a rough four years. 
Media wishing to interview Jack Cashill, please contact . Receive Jack Cashill's commentaries in your email BONUS: By signing up for Jack Cashill's alerts, you will also be signed up for news and special offers from WND via email. Name *
ARTICLE

While Democrats perpetually circle the wagons, Republicans engage a perpetual circular firing squad. The same holds true for many evangelicals. Democrats and secularists count on it. 
And we never disappoint. 
Full disclosure: I went from a dogged 'Never Trumper” to a 'Maybe Trumper” and, finally, settled as a 'Reluctant Trumper.” I, like any God-fearing father of daughters was, and remain, appalled by Donald Trump's sordid past, and his 11-year-old vulgar video in which he objectified women. His words are indefensible, and I fully expect the Clinton camp to strategically release additional revolting and embarrassing opposition research about the Republican nominee before Election Day. 
Still, I will be voting against Hillary Clinton on Nov. 8 in what is objectively and irrefutably the most effective way possible: by casting a vote, for better or worse, for the policies and promises of Donald Trump – and for the vice presidency of Gov. Mike Pence. 
Regrettably, with many of my Never Trump friends I'm reminded of the fanatic who refuses his daughter chemotherapy and watches her die in an effort to convince himself (and others) of the strength of his own faith. Pride is an awful thing. We are to be 'wise as serpents and innocent as doves” (Matthew 10:16). Foolishness called 'faith” is just foolishness. 
Even so, there are Christian Pharisees on both extremes of this Trump fiasco: first, those Trumpian cultists who buy the 'Make America great again!” pablum and deride any person who, while not casting judgment upon others, makes, with all sincerity, what they view as the principled decision. The latter say they'll sit this one out (or go through the motions by voting third party – a wasted vote by any objective standard). While I appreciate this milder strain of Never Trumper's sincerity, I nonetheless believe it is sincerely wrong. 
And then there are the self-righteous, plank-in-the-eye Never Trump prigs who slander as having 'lost their saltiness,”'sinned against God” and 'compromised their principles,” brothers and sisters who recognize the empirical reality that a vote for a horribly flawed (Lord knows I'm the worst sinner of all) baby Christian as president is a vote against Hillary Clinton's tyranny in perpetuity. 
The Media Research Center has done America a tremendous service. In 2014 the watchdog organization released a video of an actual partial birth abortion – something Hillary Clinton stood on stage during the final presidential debate, stared into the camera with cold, callous eyes, and then both lied about and defended unequivocally. I plead with Never Trumpers to watch the video and then prayerfully reassess their plans for Nov. 8. 
Mrs. Clinton's beloved late-term abortion practice is one so brutal and needless that even the left-leaning American Medical Association has admitted that it is dangerous to the mother and never necessary under any circumstances, not the least of which is for 'the life or health of the mother.” 
During a partial-birth abortion, the abortionist pulls a fully 'viable” child – often kicking and thrashing – feet first from her mother's womb, leaving only the top of her head in the birth canal. This is so the abortionist can technically claim to be performing an abortion, rather than committing murder. 
He then stabs the child through the base of her skull with scissors, piercing her brain until her kicking and moving about suddenly and violently jerks to a halt. Next, he opens the scissors to enlarge the wound as blood and brainstem fluid gush down his hands, inserts a vacuum tube and sucks out her brains, thereby collapsing her skull. 
Her now limp and lifeless body is then cast away like so much garbage. 
This is homicide, plain and simple. Hillary Clinton supports it. Donald Trump opposes it. 
We deserve God's wrath and judgment as a nation for allowing this abortion holocaust to occur on our watch. In my estimation, Mrs. Clinton is a bloodthirsty monster who enthusiastically supports this barbarity. Her Supreme Court appointees will ensure that tens of millions of precious babies like the one in the video are murdered in the same brutal manner. 
My conscience tells me that I must vote in such a way that exercising my civic duty will have the strongest net effect against Mrs. Clinton and ensure that she is stopped. She must not be elected president. To not vote – or to vote for a non-starter third party candidate, which is effectively the same thing – while not an actual vote for Mrs. Clinton, still puts this Mengele in a pantsuit one step closer to the White House and the Supreme Court. 
It's simple math, and it's undeniable. The most effective thing you can personally do as a citizen is to vote against Mrs. Clinton by voting for Mr. Trump. This does the most electoral damage possible to candidate Clinton and offers the best chance for life that you can provide future generations. 
With its 1973 Roe v. Wade decision, the U.S. Supreme Court put the government's official stamp of approval on mass murder. Since then, the battle lines have been drawn. This is war. 'Pro-choicers” are the bad guys and pro-lifers, the good guys. It really is that simple – that black and white. It's good versus evil. 
History will reflect as much. 
Under a President Hillary Clinton, millions more babies will be tortured and dismembered alive. Under a President Donald Trump, these millions might live. And yet, even as Hillary sharpens her knives, we quibble like fools over Donald's potty mouth. 
The devil and Democrats: Oh, how they love derision and division within the body of Christ.
ARTICLE

Election crossroads: Socialism or capitalism? Exclusive: Jane Chastain explains impact of Dems' 'living wage' proposal Published: 49 mins ago About | | Archive Jane Chastain is a Southern California-based broadcaster, author and political commentator. Despite her present emphasis on politics, Jane always will be remembered as the nation's first female TV sportscaster, spending 17 years on the sports beat. Jane blogs at JaneChastain.com. She is a pilot who lives on a private runway. Print 
Our country is at a crossroads. Never before have we faced such an obvious fork in the road. One road, the one favored by politician Hillary Clinton and her Democratic colleagues, promises to lead us to a socialist utopia. The other, favored by businessman Donald Trump and some of his Republican colleagues, promises to get us back on the road toward free-market capitalism. 
It is no secret that most career politicians lean toward a socialist system. In this system they control the lion's share of our money and, in turn, hand out favors. In this system, they make the major decisions that affect our lives. As the government accumulates more and more power, we invariably end up with less. Statistics show that the longer a politician stays in power, the more of our hard-earned money he or she spends. Yet we keep electing the same people over and over and over again, expecting a different result. 
We've been headed down the road toward socialism for quite some time, and this could be the last fork in the road we will have to get us back to the free-market system that has given this country the highest standard of living in the world. No, it isn't perfect, but it works for everyone who is willing to work hard and wants to improve his or her life. 
Notice what I didn't say is 'simply willing to work hard.” There is the belief by some that if you simply work hard, you should have what these politicians now call a 'living wage” – the income necessary to support a family of four and supply all its basic needs, which is around $85,000 a year in some parts of the country. The Democrats want to replace the minimum wage, which is a training wage, with this living wage. That completely kicks the bottom rungs out from under the economic ladder Americans have traditionally climbed to reach their goals and live independently. 
Ideally, it would mean that you could take a job flipping hamburgers and never gain any skills or accept any responsibility, and live as comfortably as the guy or gal who does. 
Unfortunately, this so-called living wage will destroy jobs. It will cause companies to automate, and those that cannot will begin moving offshore at an even faster rate. 
But this living wage is only part of what the Democrats want to do in the name of fairness. 
This, no doubt, appeals to many in this poor economy who have lost all hope, so they are lulled into thinking that the socialist road is much better. 
Wages have remained flat for far too long, but the Democrats are proposing raising taxes even higher on businesses and job creators. 
Most people simply do not understand that businesses don't pay taxes. They are passed down to consumers in the form of higher prices. And when the price of the necessary goods and services becomes too high, such as we've seen in Obamacare, there is a large outcry. That's when the government steps in and takes over the means of production and the control of those services. That's when the door to socialism/communism slams shut. 
They tell us if we take this socialist road there is nothing to fear. Our benevolent government will take care of us. They are offering us free college – or almost free loans – in order to get the job we want at a salary we think we deserve. And if we don't get that job, the government is going to give us free health care, free food and free housing. Under President Hillary, there will be free child care, free preschool and paid family leave. What a country! 
If we don't reach our goals, everything will be OK because Social Security and Medicare will be there to finance our retirement, and if that isn't enough, the government will put us in a retirement center where we live out the remainder of our years playing checkers or watching television. 
What about the fact that Social Security and Medicare are going broke? How long can we keep printing money to keep us afloat before our economy collapses? They never talk about that. 
As British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher once said, 'The problem with socialism is that you eventually run out of other people's money.” 
Don't be fooled: This election is about a lot more than the two personalities at the top of the ticket. It's an important fork in the road: One fork requires hard work and sacrifice but offers freedom. The other offers a free lunch. 
Media wishing to interview Jane Chastain, please contact . Receive Jane Chastain's commentaries in your email BONUS: By signing up for Jane Chastain's alerts, you will also be signed up for news and special offers from WND via email. Name *
ARTICLE

Print 
Before you applaud me for my integrity or condemn me for selling out, allow me to explain my decision to vote for Donald Trump on Nov. 8. 
First, I'm writing this because I have been asked incessantly for months how I would be voting, not because I think I'm someone special or that what I do should influence you. 
Second, I'm not endorsing Donald Trump. In my mind, there's a world of difference between endorsing a candidate and voting for a candidate. 
Third, I respect those in the #NeverTrump camp and share many of their concerns, including the possibility of his further vulgarizing and degrading the nation, the possibility of him deepening our ethnic and racial divides, and the possibility of him alienating our allies and unnecessarily provoking our enemies, just to name a few. Among the #NeverTrump voices I respect are columnists like David French and Ben Shapiro, bloggers like Matt Walsh and evangelical leaders like Russell Moore and Beth Moore. 
Fourth, I take strong exception to evangelicals who have fawned over Trump as if he were some kind of savior figure, supporting him as if he were St. Donald. I also take issue with evangelical leaders who want us to minimize some of Trump's failings, constantly saying, 'Let him who is without sin cast the first one” (see John 8:7). This is not a question of condemning the man but rather a question of making a moral assessment as to his readiness to serve our nation. 
Fifth, my decision to vote for Trump, barring something earth-shattering between now and Nov. 8, is consistent with my position, which has been: 1) During the GOP primaries, I issued strong warnings against voting for Trump while we had other excellent choices. I did this in writing , on video and on the radio, but always stating that if Trump won the nomination, I would re-evaluate my position. 2) Once Trump became the Republican candidate, I wrote that I was rooting for him to take steps in the right direction and thereby win my vote. 3) I have stated repeatedly that under no circumstances would I vote for Hillary. (For two strong warnings about Hillary, see here and here .) 
So, what has convinced me that I should now vote for Donald Trump? 
The culture war is not over! Gain hope, courage and practical advice in Michael Brown's latest book, 'Outlasting the Gay Revolution: Where Homosexual Activism Is Really Going and How to Turn the Tide” 
First, I believe that he actually is serious about appointing pro-life, pro-Constitution Supreme Court justices. When he said during the last debate that if you're pro-life, you want to see Roe v. Wade overturned, and when he reiterated at his Gettysburg speech that he will be drawing from his list of 20 potential appointees, he helped me feel more confident that he would not suddenly flip-flop if elected. 
Second, one reason I endorsed Sen. Ted Cruz was because he took on the political establishment, both Democratic and Republican, to the point of calling it the Washington cartel. Trump is an absolute wrecking ball to the negative parts of the political system (although, unfortunately, he's been a wrecking ball to some of the good parts of the system), so my vote for him is also a protest vote. 
Third, I am voting for the Republican platform, not the Republican Party, which means I'm in agreement with the platform while at the same time having very little confidence in the party as a whole. 
Fourth, while I have always felt that the line, 'We're electing a president, not a pastor,” was overstated and superficial, if we rephrased it to say, 'We're electing a general to train hand-to-hand combat warriors, not a pastor,” it might have more relevance. In other words, we are not looking for Trump to be a moral reformer (even if hedoes appoint righteous judges), and, at this point, he certainly is anything but a moral example (although we pray he will be truly converted and become one). Rather, out of our choices for president, which are stark, we are voting for the one most likely to defeat Hillary and make some good decisions for the nation, not be the savior. And with things so messed up in America, the hand-to-hand combat analogy is closer to home. 
Fifth, within the first few minutes of the last debate, the massive differences between Hillary and Trump were there for the world to see, she a pro-abortion radical and an extreme supporter of the LGBT agenda and he unashamedly speaking out against late-term abortions and wanting to appoint justices who would defend our essential liberties. Since I have the opportunity to vote, I feel that I should vote for Trump. 
Sixth, Trump continues to be drawn to conservative Christians, and not just ones who tickle his ears. One of my dear friends has spent hours with Trump and members of his family, and he has told me that in 55 years of ministry, no one has received him as openly and graciously as has Trump. Yet my friend continues to speak the truth to him in the clearest possible terms. While I am not one of those claiming that Trump is a born-again Christian (I see absolutely no evidence of this), the fact that he continues to listen to godly men and open the door to their counsel indicates that something positive could possibly be going on. It also indicates that these godly leaders might be a positive influence on him if he were elected president. 
Seventh, although I'm quite aware that a president could do great harm or good to the nation, I'm far more concerned with what we as God's people do with our own lives and witnesses, and for me, the state of the church of America is much more important than the state of the White House. In that context, I echo the words (and warning) of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.: 'The church must be reminded that it is not the master or the servant of the state, but rather the conscience of the state. It must be the guide and the critic of the state, and never its tool. If the church does not recapture its prophetic zeal, it will become an irrelevant social club without moral or spiritual authority.” 
So, in sum: 1) My hope is in God, not Donald Trump, and I do recognize that either Hillary or Trump has the potential to do great harm to America; 2) My urgent call is for us as followers of Jesus to get our own act together so we can be the salt and light of the nation; 3) I will continue to urge all believers not to vote for Hillary Clinton, whose policies will certainly do us great harm; and 4) Ultimately, the most effective way to defeat Hillary is to vote for Trump, while also praying that God will use him for good , not for evil. 
In the end, if Trump gets elected and fails miserably, I will be grieved but not devastated. If he does well, I will rejoice. 
Either way, though, my vote is just that: a vote. My greater role is to live a life pleasing to God with the hope of advancing a gospel-based moral and cultural revolution. Receive Michael Brown's commentaries in your email BONUS: By signing up for Michael Brown's alerts, you will also be signed up for news and special offers from WND via email. Name *
ARTICLE

Our new country: Women and minorities hit hardest Ann Coulter: Dems import 'cultures where rape, incest and spousal murder are acceptable' Published: 51 mins ago × Receive Ann Coulter's alerts in your email 
BONUS: By signing up for Ann Coulter's alerts, you will also be signed up for news and special offers from WND via email. error Print 
Every ethnic group except whites bloc-votes for the Democrats. Coincidentally, the Democrats have brought in another 30 to 40 million nonwhite immigrants in the last few decades. 
It doesn't help that white voters can't agree on what constitutes an acceptable candidate. In 2012, working-class whites sat out the election, rather than vote for the out-of-touch rich guy they saw in Mitt Romney. This year, the out-of-touch rich guys say they'll vote for Hillary because Trump is tacky and gross. 
The sad irony is that the only people who will be better off in our new country are mostly white plutocrats – the top .01 percent. The rest of us will be their servants. 
The people who will be worse off are everybody else – the working class, the middle class (who will soon be working class) and, most of all, women, minorities, children, the elderly, the weakest and most vulnerable members of society. 
Look to Mexico for your future – or any Third World country. Or to Univision's Jorge Ramos. The ruling class in Mexico is composed of European-looking, white descendants of Spanish conquistadors who raped the native population, giving them only their Spanish names in return. (British settlers in America brought women with them.) 
Explaining Latino culture's acceptance of incest and child rape, criminal justice researcher Shana Maier writes in a book about rape that 'the male is the head of the household, and women are subordinate to men. … Hispanics and Latinos are more likely than other racial/ethnic groups to blame the victim. The victim, not the perpetrator, is blamed for bringing dishonor to the family.” 
One American detective said that, today, police are being taught to keep an 'open mind” about child rape because 'it's a cultural thing.” 
When it comes to multiculturalism, you can't say, We love the empanadas – but we don't want 40-year-old men raping their nieces . This isn't an a la carte menu. We get ALL the attributes of the cultures we're importing. 
As described in excruciating detail in 'Adios, America: The Left's Plan to Turn Our Country into a Third World Hellhole,” our media already have a totally 'open mind” about incest and child rape – and murder! – when it's committed by immigrants. 
Thus, for example, where I would have chosen the headline: 'Illegal Alien Convicted of Incest, Child Rape,” the Chattanooga (Tenn.) Times Free Press went with the less catchy: 'Man guilty in case of human smuggling.” 
And where I would have used the headline, 'Illegal Alien Repeatedly Raped 14-year-old Girl at Job Site,” the Commercial Dispatch in Columbus, Mississippi, went with the more subtle, 'Columbus resident charged with molestation.” 
Immigrant women arrive in America, thrilled to have escaped cultures where rape, incest and spousal murder are acceptable, only to discover that those crimes are perfectly acceptable in this country, too – provided the perpetrator is from the very culture they fled. 
In 1989, Brooklyn Judge Edward Pincus sentenced a Chinese immigrant to probation for a premeditated murder of his wife, on the grounds that the murder flowed from 'traditional Chinese values about adultery and loss of manhood.” The female head of the Asian-American Legal Defense and Education Fund, Margaret Fung, applauded the ruling. 
Somewhat amazingly, newspapers are more likely to report black crime than immigrant crime. (Anything to keep the Third World immigration flowing!) 
In 2013, a 13-year-old girl was gang-raped by about a dozen illegal aliens, who cheered and videoed the attack. 
When the news first broke, Shaneequa Jupiter, who lived with her children in the apartment building where the gang rape occurred, complained that neither the police nor apartment security had warned residents about the danger. (That could reflect poorly on illegal immigrants!) 
Even if Shaneequa had scoured the headlines, she would have been on the lookout for 'Austin men.” Or 'Two.” 
Compare these headlines about the same brutal sexual attack: 
– 'Two held in attack on child” – Austin American-Statesman (Texas), July 19, 2013 
– 'Two Mexicans placed on immigration detainers as third man is arrested over five-day gang rape hell of teenage runaway during which she smoked crack” – Daily Mail Online, July 24, 2013 
Needless to say, the New York Times did not cover the Mexican illegal-alien gang rape at all. 
The ultimate primer on the 'blue-collar billionaire”— order Ann Coulter's book 'In Trump We Trust: E Pluribus Awesome!” 
By contrast, the Times, and every major American news outlet, extensively covered another gang rape – of a girl about the same age, at about the same time, in about the same place. 
The second case only was 'rape” because of the girl's young age – she was 11. But she was an enthusiastic participant, sneaking out of her house at night to meet the men for sex. 
Those rapes, just a few years earlier, got a full-court press. The defendants were African-American. The victim was Mexican. 
That time, there were articles in the Huffington Post, GQ, Slate, Salon and Mother Jones. It even made the New York Times, despite no connection to a college fraternity or lacrosse team. 
Similarly, within a few months of one another in 2013, two men were arrested in separate child rape cases in Decatur, Alabama, for assaults on 9-year-old girls. One suspect was African-American, the other was a Hispanic immigrant. Only one made the newspaper. Guess which one? 
When excitable Muslims raped American reporter Lara Logan in Tahrir Square (another one of Hillary's foreign policy successes!), journalists immediately set to work to find the shortest line from the Muslim rapists to white American men. 
Conclusion: The real problem was the female reporters' American bosses and colleagues. (Definitely not Islam!) 
Sampling of New York Times commentary on Logan's rape: 
– 'Why We Need Women in War Zones” ('I would never tell my bosses for fear that they might keep me at home the next time something major happened. … This attack also had nothing to do with Islam.”) 
– 'Reporting While Female” ('Women reporters face another set of challenges. We are often harassed in ways that male colleagues are not. … In my experience, Muslim countries were not the worst places for sexual harassment.”) 
Perhaps American men could do better, but, as American women may soon discover: They never had it so good. 
Manifestly, the purpose of our immigration policies is not to help Americans – or the immigrants who wanted to live in a place like America. They are designed to funnel welfare-dependent voters to the Democrats and cheap labor to the rich. (The Chinese immigrant who got probation for murdering his wife, for example, came to America based on his specialized skill of being a dishwasher.) 
Our country will be Zimbabwe, but – if all goes according to the Democrats' plan – they'll get to be Mugabe! 
That's Hillary's dream. If she wins, Joe Sobran's parody of the typical New York Times headline (about anything) will come true: 'Women and Minorities Hit Hardest.” Receive Ann Coulter's weekly commentaries in your email BONUS: By signing up for Ann Coulter's alerts, you will also be signed up for news and special offers from WND via email. Name *
ARTICLE

Trump vs. Clinton: A risk vs. a disaster Larry Elder: Hillary has never been asked by anyone in media about Juanita Broaddrick Published: 53 mins ago × Receive Larry Elder's alerts in your email 
BONUS: By signing up for Larry Elder's alerts, you will also be signed up for news and special offers from WND via email. error Print 
Two weeks left to go in the election and the electorate feels like a battered NFL fan. The game gets increasingly old and tiring to watch, and playing it can inflict permanent brain damage. 
Democrats can be counted upon to call the Republican opponent racist, whether the opponent is the priestly Mitt Romney or the Supreme Court justice who wrote the Dred Scott decision. Donald Trump, you see, is 'racist” because, among other reasons, at a campaign stop he pointed to a black man and called him 'my African-American.” Hillary Clinton, on the other hand, is not anti-Semitic, even though three witnesses, one of whom took and passed a polygraph, claim that she referred to her husband's former congressional campaign manager as a 'f–-ing Jew bastard.” 
With a Republican candidate, the media can be counted upon to seize upon any deficiencies – big or small, real or imagined – while giving the Democrat a pass. So Trump's 'failure to ever apologize” outweighs an examination of Clinton's flat-out lie during the third debate when she insisted that the Supreme Court Heller case was about 'toddlers,” as opposed to the fundamental issue of whether the Second Amendment confers an individual right to keep and bear arms. 
In Heller, nowhere in the majority decision or in any of the dissenting decisions does the word 'toddler” appear. Clinton, a year ago, flat-out said, 'The Supreme Court is wrong on the Second Amendment.” To normal people, this meant she opposed what the decision ruled on, which, again, was whether we, as individuals, have a right to keep and bear arms. 
Meanwhile, we learn more and more about what the media labels an 'email scandal,” when the accurate description is 'national security scandal.” The Espionage Act criminalizes gross negligence in the handling of important national security matters. The law does not require, as FBI Director James Comey falsely stated, an 'intent.” Nor is it relevant, as Clinton insists, whether or not her private server, the one she maintained in her basement, was 'hacked.” 
Five people who worked with or for Clinton, including her chief of staff, all received immunity deals, something normally given to get someone to flip on a target. Some of the five were involved in deleting emails after the emails were subpoenaed. But the 'target,” that is to say Hillary Clinton, was deemed by Comey to have lacked sufficient criminal intent to be prosecuted. So why the immunity deals? Who knows – and as far as most of the media are concerned, who cares? 
Clinton insists that 'President Obama doesn't get enough credit” for the swell job he did with the economy. This would be the economy in which, for the first time in history, a president has presided over a recovery without a single year of at least 3 percent growth in gross domestic product. This would be the same economy with an alleged low unemployment number that Gallup CEO Jim Clifton calls 'the big lie,” given the large number of people who simply abandoned the job hunt or are under-employed. 
Meanwhile, it's yet another day in which another woman who alleges she was kissed, groped, touched, or made fun of by Trump has appeared with her attorney, feminist Gloria Allred. Allred, a Clinton supporter, sees no contradiction between representing alleged victims of Trump's sexual misconduct and her support for Clinton, who is alleged to have hired private detectives and lawyers to dig up dirt on her husband's accusers. One such accuser, Juanita Broaddrick, claims not only that she was raped by Bill Clinton but also that two weeks after the alleged rape, Hillary Clinton verbally threatened her. 
Hillary Clinton, mind you, has never been asked by anyone in the media about Broaddrick's allegation. Never. And only one national reporter, Sam Donaldson, has ever asked Bill Clinton about Juanita Broaddrick's allegation. Ever. Clinton's answer? He referred Donaldson to his lawyer, David Kendall. Donaldson quickly tried again, asking the then-president to 'simply deny it.” Same answer: 'My attorney … speaks for me.” And that was that. 
So Hillary Clinton is a candidate who wants to continue the same policy that's given us the worst recovery since 1949; who has clearly violated the Espionage Act and placed the nation's security at risk; who told the Benghazi victim's families that the death of four Americans was inspired by a video, while telling her daughter and foreign officials something entirely different; whose charitable foundation engaged in pay-to-play in Haiti, so that donors got contracts for disaster relief and non-donors went to the back of the line; who wants to gut the Second Amendment; who wants to continue the same foreign policies that that have encouraged aggressiveness on the part of ISIS, Russia and the Chinese; and whose media compadres, including scribes with the New York Times, Washington Post and CNBC, have been outed by WikiLeaks as colluding with her campaign. And she is now odds-on favorite to become the next president of the United States. Receive Larry Elder's commentaries in your email BONUS: By signing up for Larry Elder's alerts, you will also be signed up for news and special offers from WND via email. Name *
ARTICLE

OUT OF LEFT FIELD Gingrich slut-shames Megyn Kelly Adele M. Stan: Misogyny isn't just baked into the Trump brand, it is the Trump brand Published: 54 mins ago 
(American Prospect) — When, as a campaign surrogate and once-powerful white man, you answer allegations that your candidate may be a sexual predator with a sex-laced attack on your female interviewer, you're probably a misogynist. A desperate misogynist. 
That's what former House Speaker Newt Gingrich is looking like this morning. 
During a Tuesday discussion of Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump's sinking poll numbers, Gingrich accused Fox News Channel host Megyn Kelly of being 'fascinated with sex” when she dared to mention that Trump's fortunes began falling after the now infamous Access Hollywood video, featuring Trump boasting about his self-proclaimed prerogative to sexually assault women, became public on October 7, and nearly a dozen women came forward to allege that Trump had either assaulted them or otherwise taken liberties with their bodies.
ARTICLE

Print Side-by-side of Bill Clinton and Danney Williams 
NEW YORK –YouTube on Wednesday suspended the account of Danney Williams, the 30-year-old who has claimed since the 1990s to be the black son of former President Bill Clinton. 
YouTube, citing 'repeated or severe violations of our Terms of Use and/or Community Guidelines,” declared the account 'cannot be restored.” 
The YouTube decision blocked the nine-minute feature 'BANISHED – The Untold Story of Danney Williams,” which had received 1.2 million views since Williams posted it last week. Produced by filmmaker Joel Gilbert, it drew nearly 100,000 views per day and more than 1,000 viewer comments, with the overwhelming majority expressing support for Williams and outrage at the Clintons for not being willing to allow a DNA test to determine paternity. 
Like the reporting you see here? Sign up for free news alerts from WND.com, America's independent news network. 
'My YouTube account has been deleted, but the same video appears in 50 other places on YouTube alone,” Williams said on his Facebook page after being notified of YouTube's decision. '[YouTube] can't handle the truth! Please share #BillClintonSon.” 
Twitter also continues to allow Williams to post the 'Banished” video on Danney Williams' page , but the Twitter link to YouTube displays the message : 'This video is no longer available because the YouTube account associated with this video has been terminated. Sorry about that.” 
The video is still running on Danney Williams-Clinton's Facebook page , as well as on the YouTube channel operated by Gilbert. 
Attempt to silence Danney Williams? 
Gilbert told WND he helped Williams file an online appeal form on YouTube asking why the account was suspended and demanding it be immediately reinstated. 
'The behavior of YouTube/Google in suspending Danney's account is outrageous! There have been absolutely zero violations of any kind let alone a severe one of any YouTube terms or guidelines,” Gilbert said. 
Gilbert was outspoken in charging YouTube with partisan political motives for the suspension. 
'The only possible explanation is that the Clinton campaign requested YouTube/Google to silence Danney, 'to run him off the plantation' as Danney said Hillary Clinton did to him and his aunt when he was a small child and they were chased off the grounds of the Arkansas governor's mansion in 1990,” Gilbert said. 
'Danney cannot be silenced any longer,” he continued. 'Hillary may try to sweep Danney Williams under the rug, but it's not going to work this time. His story is out there, and every day more and more people understand Bill and Hillary Clinton banished this young man from their family because of the color of his skin.” 
See the Danney Williams video feature: 
WND reported Oct. 19 that in the hours before the third and final presidential debate, attorneys for Williams were in Las Vegas to announce their intention to file a paternity suit demanding DNA evidence from the former president. 
Accompanying the dramatic announcement was a rap music video celebrating Williams that went viral on the Internet. 
No definitive DNA test 
WND reported that no DNA test was conducted in 1999, despite media reports to the contrary when Williams' claim first surfaced. 
Clinton defenders since 1999 have contended the tabloid Star Magazine conducted a 'DNA showdown” proving Bill Clinton was not Williams' father, citing Star Magazine editor Phil Bunton saying at the time, 'There was no match, nothing even close.” 
But in an interview, Bunton told WND that no blood sample was obtained from Clinton and Star Magazine never published a story documenting a laboratory test. 
'I don't remember ever seeing any laboratory test that was done on Clinton's DNA,” Bunton told WND. 
Bunton is now the owner of the Rivertown Magazine in Haverstraw, New York. 
He affirmed to WND that the tabloid relied on the DNA evidence for Clinton published by independent counsel Kenneth Starr, extracted from the infamous Monica Lewinsky blue dress. 
'We got a lot of phone calls from several people in the media, including the New York Times, wanting to know when we were going to get the DNA back,” Bunton recalled to WND. 'We thought it was going to turn out to be his son, but when the DNA came back there was no story there even to write.” 
The DNA test released by Kenneth Starr was the second of two DNA laboratory tests the FBI had run on Clinton, but the public record leaves no doubt that Starr withheld the more robust test conducted by the FBI. 
'Twitter rules' 
Many other figures who have challenged the Democratic Party or the left-leaning media narrative also have run into trouble with social media outlets, including James O'Keefe and his Project Veritas, which has exposed Clinton campaign voter fraud and agitation in a series of hidden-camera videos. Just as O'Keefe was preparing to release new revelations of voter fraud Oct. 13, Twitter shut down his account , claiming violations of 'Twitter Rules.” The notice said he 'must delete the tweets that are in violation of our rules, which prohibit: harassing other users, threatening other users, disclosing other users' private information” or violating 'other rules.” In a statement, O'Keefe said he relies on social media to 'bypass the media and directly reach the public.” On Monday, O'Keefe wrote in a tweet Project Veritas was unable to upload its third video in the series to YouTube, calling the apparent block 'bizarre.” Earlier this month, O'Keefe was forced to delete a tweet critical of a Hillary Clinton staffer to regain use of his account after it was suspended for a day. His account was suspended in the hours before a release of a new hidden-camera video that exposed a Clinton ally saying she could use executive action on guns, the Daily Caller reported . Project Veritas posted an undercover video Oct. 17 proving Hillary Clinton supporters were inciting violence at Donald Trump rallies to gain negative media coverage. Millions of viewers watched the video in just a few hours, but it didn't show up on Google's 'trending” list on YouTube, which Google owns, noted SilenceisConsent.net . It did, however, trend on Twitter, which Google does not own. Breitbart blogger Milo Yiannopoulos was suspended permanently by Twitter minutes before his 'Gays for Trump” party at the Republican National Convention. For some 11 months, the makers of the new movie 'I'm Not Ashamed,” about the first victim of the Columbine killers in Colorado in 1999, were unable to promote their movie through YouTube. The trailer was taken down late in 2015, and the movie's entire channel was suspended . 
Among the conservatives censored by Facebook : Conservative activist and Trump supporter Lauren Southern received a 30-day ban from Facebook because she complained about a friend's account being censored. Facebook locked a 12-year-old black middle schooler's account for posting a video supporting Rudy Giuliani's comment that Obama 'doesn't love America.” The admin of a pro-Trump group was banned for saying Trump is not anti-Muslim, but anti-ISIS.
ARTICLE

26 WikiLeaks bombshells on Hillary you need to know Most explosive revelations that could keep Clinton out of White House Published: 5 mins ago Leo Hohmann About | | Archive Leo Hohmann is a news editor for WND. He has been a reporter and editor at several suburban newspapers in the Atlanta and Charlotte, North Carolina, areas and also served as managing editor of Triangle Business Journal in Raleigh, North Carolina. Print Hillary Clinton with top aide Huma Abedin. 
WikiLeaks has provided a treasure trove of inside information on what Hillary Clinton really thinks about important issues such as trade and immigration, but Clinton herself has chosen not to answer questions about the revelations. 
She has focused instead on criticizing the Russians as the source of the hacks, despite the fact there is no proof of Russian involvement. 
The emails also shed light on how the Clinton campaign interacts with Wall Street banks, with friendly media, and how it worked to undermine the candidacy of Democratic rival Bernie Sanders with the help of the DNC. 
WikiLeaks says it has about 50,000 emails from the private Gmail account of John Podesta, a senior Democratic Party official who has served as White House chief of staff under President Bill Clinton and a senior adviser to President Obama. He was the author of Obama's climate change policy. John Podesta 
In February Podesta moved seamlessly from the White House to become chairman of Hillary Clinton's 2016 presidential campaign. 
Here are some of the most explosive revelations from the WikiLeaks email dumps featuring Podesta's account and others. 
Preference for Muslim Americans In 2008, when Podesta served as co-chair of President-elect Barack Obama's transition team, Michael Froman, a former Citibank executive, sent Podesta a 'list of African American, Latino and Asian American candidates, broken down by Cabinet/Deputy and Under/Assistant/Deputy Assistant level, plus a list of Native American, Arab/Muslim American and Disabled American candidates.” The Arab American list came with a special note to exclude Arab Christians – they had to be both Arab and Muslim.As New Republic reports, Obama's eventual cabinet appointments ended up almost entirely as Froman recommended.Froman ultimately became the recipient of the largest bailout from the federal government during the financial crisis. 
Shielding Obama In a March 4, 2015, email to Hillary Clinton's lawyer Cheryl Mills, Clinton's eventual campaign chairman Podesta asks if they should withhold email exchanges between Clinton and President Obama that were sent over Clinton's private server.The day before Podesta sent his email to Mills, the House Benghazi Committee privately told Clinton to preserve and hand over all her emails.The email from Podesta to Mills says: 'Think we should hold emails to and from potus? That's the heart of his exec privilege. We could get them to ask for that. They may not care, but I(t) seems like they will.” An email exchange between Podesta, Paul Begala, and Clinton pollster GQRR shows the Clinton campaign was pushing the Muslim Obama narrative back in January 2008. Included was a survey of Obama 'negative facts” such as this one: 'Obama (owe-BAHM-uh)'s father was a Muslim and Obama grew up among Muslims in the world's most populous Islamic country.” The pollster writes 'we have reworked the Obama message into the survey, as requested.” 
Secret speeches to Wall Street Hillary Clinton was so enraged that Bill Clinton was forced to cancel a paid speech at Wall Street bank Morgan Stanley in 2015 that she 'needed a cool down period.” The email chain, on March 11, 2015, before she formally launched her campaign, includes top aides to both Hillary Clinton and former President Clinton, and reveals that Hillary's future campaign aides were concerned about the political impact of Bill giving a speech to a Wall Street bank. 'Morgan Stanley is coming down,” wrote Robby Mook in an email to top Clinton aides.Top aide Huma Abedin explained that Hillary would not be happy about it, writing: 'HRC very strongly did not want him to cancel that particular speech. I will have to tell her that [Bill] chose to cancel it, not that we asked.” Hillary Clinton's paid speeches to Goldman Sachs and other financial firms, a point of contention during this year's primary, were the subject of an email to Podesta. Excerpts from some of the speeches had been flagged by Clinton's research team, including the necessity of having 'both a public and a private position” on issues. It was just part of 'making sausage” in the political arena, she said, that certain positions on issues needed to be kept hidden from the public. Some 'flags” in Hillary Clinton's paid speeches were noted in a Jan. 25 email from campaign research director Tony Carrk to top Clinton advisers, including Clinton's declaration that 'My dream is a hemispheric common market, with open trade and open borders, some time in the future with energy that is as green and sustainable as we can get it, powering growth and opportunity for every person in the hemisphere.” Countless establishment media outlets parlaying themselves as 'fact checkers” tried to downplay this email by saying it was 'mostly about trade,” not immigration, as if the words 'open borders” were never mentioned. But the email exchange also shows how Hillary's about-face on the TPP trade deal was mere pandering to Bernie Sanders' voters and had no basis in reality in terms of how she really feels about trade deals. In a speech at Goldman-Black Rock on Feb. 4, 2014, Carrk pointed out, Clinton admitted she's 'Kind Of Far Removed” from middle-class struggles due to 'The Economic, You Know, Fortunes That My Husband And I Now Enjoy.” Clinton, in other speeches, boasted of her ties to Wall Street, an issue primary opponent Bernie Sanders continually raised. Clinton still has refused to release transcripts of her paid speeches while blasting Donald Trump for not releasing his tax returns. 
Working in tandem with 'friendly' media WND reported Tuesday emails showing reporters, editors and contributors not just advocating for Hillary Clinton but apparently colluding with the campaign. Univision Chairman Haim Saban urged the Clinton campaign to hit Donald Trump harder over immigration. The Boston Globe tried to time a Clinton opinion piece to do the most good in New Hampshire. CNBC's John Harwood urged Clinton campaign chairman Podesta to watch out for then-GOP candidate Dr. Ben Carson. Democratic National Committee official and CNN contributor Donna Brazile apparently tipped off the Clinton campaign to a potentially difficult CNN town-hall question on capital punishment during the Democratic Party primary season. Brazile adamantly denies it . In a July 2015 email, New York Times reporter Mark Leibovich appeared to ask permission from Hillary Clinton's communications director, Jennifer Palmieri, to use certain quotes of the presidential candidate in an article. Palmieri replied, suggesting he remove a reference Clinton made to Sarah Palin and delete Clinton's statement, 'And gay rights has moved much faster than women's rights or civil rights, which is an interesting phenomenon.” CNBC correspondent John Harwood, who was widely criticized for posing biased questions to Donald Trump as a primary debate moderator, effectively served as an adviser to the Clinton campaign, emailing Podesta with the subject line 'Watch out.” The warning was regarding GOP presidential candidate Ben Carson, who 'could give you real trouble in a general (election).” Maggie Haberman, a former Politico reporter who now works for the New York Times, was described in a January 2015 memo as having 'a very good relationship” with the Clinton campaign. 'We have had her tee up stories for us before and have never been disappointed,” the memo said. 
Demeaning Catholics Podesta discussed fomenting 'revolution” in the Catholic Church with a progressive activist while Hillary's now-communications director Jennifer Palmieri mocked Catholics who speak out against the liberal social causes of the Democratic Party. 'There needs to be a Catholic Spring, in which Catholics themselves demand the end of a middle ages dictatorship and the beginning of a little democracy and respect for gender equality in the Catholic Church,” Sandy Newman, president and founder of the nonprofit Voices for Progress, wrote Podesta in February 2012 . The email, among the third batch released by WikiLeaks, was titled 'opening for a Catholic Spring? just musing.” Podesta tells Newman of progressive organizations he and his colleagues created to recruit members of the church who can lead a revolution when the time is right.'We created Catholics in Alliance for the Common Good to organize for a moment like this,” the Clinton campaign chairman writes. 'But I think it lacks the leadership to do so now. Likewise Catholics United. Like most Spring movements, I think this one will have to be bottom up.” Clinton, who has accused Trump of praising Putin, called the Russian leader in a 2014 speech 'engaging” and 'a very interesting conversationalist.” Excerpts from Clinton's speeches were contained in a document emailed to Podesta to point out quotes that could harm the campaign. 
Collusion with DOJ Clinton spokesman Brian Fallon alerted staffers that the Justice Department was proposing to publish Clinton's work-related emails, contending it showed collusion between the Obama administration and Clinton's campaign. Fallon wrote that 'DOJ folks” told him a court hearing in the case had been planned. The day after Hillary Clinton testified in front of the House Select Committee on Benghazi last October, Podesta met for dinner with a small group of well-connected friends, including Peter Kadzik, a top official at the Justice Department. Lawyers also told the Clinton campaign in emails that Hillary's private email scandal ' smacks of acting above the law and it smacks of the type of thing I've either gotten discovery sanctions for, fired people for, etc .” 
Entanglements with foreign governments King Muhammad IV of Morocco made a $12 million pledge to fund the Clinton Global Initiative conference, but only if the likely presidential candidate attended the event as a speaker. Hillary's top aide, Huma Abedin, wrote in a January 2015 email that 'if HRC was not part of it, meeting was a non-starter.” Then she warned: 'She created this mess and she knows it.” Hillary ended up not attending but her husband Bill did. An email from Hillary Clinton's account to Podesta on Aug. 17, 2014, said Saudi Arabia and Qatar were 'providing clandestine financial and logistic support to [ISIS] and other radical Sunni groups in the region.” Critics have pointed out that the Clinton Foundation has received considerable funding from the two Middle East nations. In a leaked 2013 paid speech to the Jewish United Fund of Metropolitan Chicago, Hillary said Jordan and Turkey 'can't possibly vet all those refugees so they don't know if, you know, jihadists are coming in along with legitimate refugees.” Two years later she called for a 550 percent increase in the number of Syrian refugees coming to the U.S. largely from United Nations refugee camps in Jordan. 
Insider's insider had sway over DNC A WikiLeaks email dump on July 22 revealed that Debbie Wasserman Schultz used her position as head of the DNC to work in concert with the Clinton campaign to undermine the candidacy of Sen. Bernie Sanders, D-Vt. Schultz was forced to resign over the emails. Issues used to undermine Sanders' campaign included his faith, or lack thereof. The Clinton campaign tried to reschedule the Illinois presidential primary to lower the chances a moderate Republican would get a boost following the Super Tuesday primaries. 'The Clintons won't forget what their friends have done for them,” wrote Robby Mook, who later became Clinton's campaign manager, in the November 2014 email to Podesta.
ARTICLE

THE DELETER OF THE FREE WORLD Hillary's 33,000 emails might not be 'missing' after all Files backed up on multiple platforms never subpoened by FBI Published: 7 mins ago 
(New York Post) For months now, we've been told that Hillary Clinton's 33,000 missing emails were permanently erased and destroyed beyond recovery. But newly released FBI notes strongly suggest they still exist in several locations — and they could be recovered, if only someone would impanel a grand jury and seize them. 
In a May interview with FBI agents, an executive with the Denver contractor that maintained Clinton's private server revealed that an underling didn't bleach-clean all her subpoenaed emails, just ones he stored in a data file he used to transfer the emails from the server to Clinton's aides, who in turn sorted them for delivery to Congress. 
The Platte River Networks executive, whose name was redacted from the interview report, said PRN tech Paul Combetta 'created a 'vehicle' to transfer email files from the live mailboxes of [Clinton Executive Services Corp.] email accounts [and] then later used BleachBit software to shred the 'vehicle,' but the email content still existed in the live email accounts.”
ARTICLE

26 WikiLeaks bombshells on Hillary you need to know Most explosive revelations that could keep Clinton out of White House Published: 26 mins ago About | | Archive Leo Hohmann is a news editor for WND. He has been a reporter and editor at several suburban newspapers in the Atlanta and Charlotte, North Carolina, areas and also served as managing editor of Triangle Business Journal in Raleigh, North Carolina. Print Hillary Clinton with top aide Huma Abedin. 
WikiLeaks has provided a treasure trove of inside information on what Hillary Clinton really thinks about important issues such as trade and immigration, but Clinton herself has chosen not to answer questions about the revelations. 
She has focused instead on criticizing the Russians as the source of the hacks, despite the fact there is no proof of Russian involvement. 
The emails also shed light on how the Clinton campaign interacts with Wall Street banks, with friendly media, and how it worked to undermine the candidacy of Democratic rival Bernie Sanders with the help of the DNC. 
WikiLeaks says it has about 50,000 emails from the private Gmail account of John Podesta, a senior Democratic Party official who has served as White House chief of staff under President Bill Clinton and a senior adviser to President Obama. He was the author of Obama's climate change policy. John Podesta 
In February Podesta moved seamlessly from the White House to become chairman of Hillary Clinton's 2016 presidential campaign. 
Here are some of the most explosive revelations from the WikiLeaks email dumps featuring Podesta's account and others. 
Preference for Muslim Americans In 2008, when Podesta served as co-chair of President-elect Barack Obama's transition team, Michael Froman, a former Citibank executive, sent Podesta a 'list of African American, Latino and Asian American candidates, broken down by Cabinet/Deputy and Under/Assistant/Deputy Assistant level, plus a list of Native American, Arab/Muslim American and Disabled American candidates.” The Arab American list came with a special note to exclude Arab Christians – they had to be both Arab and Muslim.As New Republic reports, Obama's eventual cabinet appointments ended up almost entirely as Froman recommended.Froman ultimately became the recipient of the largest bailout from the federal government during the financial crisis. 
Shielding Obama In a March 4, 2015, email to Hillary Clinton's lawyer Cheryl Mills, Clinton's eventual campaign chairman Podesta asks if they should withhold email exchanges between Clinton and President Obama that were sent over Clinton's private server.The day before Podesta sent his email to Mills, the House Benghazi Committee privately told Clinton to preserve and hand over all her emails.The email from Podesta to Mills says: 'Think we should hold emails to and from potus? That's the heart of his exec privilege. We could get them to ask for that. They may not care, but I(t) seems like they will.” An email exchange between Podesta, Paul Begala, and Clinton pollster GQRR shows the Clinton campaign was pushing the Muslim Obama narrative back in January 2008. Included was a survey of Obama 'negative facts” such as this one: 'Obama (owe-BAHM-uh)'s father was a Muslim and Obama grew up among Muslims in the world's most populous Islamic country.” The pollster writes 'we have reworked the Obama message into the survey, as requested.” 
Secret speeches to Wall Street Hillary Clinton was so enraged that Bill Clinton was forced to cancel a paid speech at Wall Street bank Morgan Stanley in 2015 that she 'needed a cool down period.” The email chain, on March 11, 2015, before she formally launched her campaign, includes top aides to both Hillary Clinton and former President Clinton, and reveals that Hillary's future campaign aides were concerned about the political impact of Bill giving a speech to a Wall Street bank. 'Morgan Stanley is coming down,” wrote Robby Mook in an email to top Clinton aides.Top aide Huma Abedin explained that Hillary would not be happy about it, writing: 'HRC very strongly did not want him to cancel that particular speech. I will have to tell her that [Bill] chose to cancel it, not that we asked.” Hillary Clinton's paid speeches to Goldman Sachs and other financial firms, a point of contention during this year's primary, were the subject of an email to Podesta. Excerpts from some of the speeches had been flagged by Clinton's research team, including the necessity of having 'both a public and a private position” on issues. It was just part of 'making sausage” in the political arena, she said, that certain positions on issues needed to be kept hidden from the public. Some 'flags” in Hillary Clinton's paid speeches were noted in a Jan. 25 email from campaign research director Tony Carrk to top Clinton advisers, including Clinton's declaration that 'My dream is a hemispheric common market, with open trade and open borders, some time in the future with energy that is as green and sustainable as we can get it, powering growth and opportunity for every person in the hemisphere.” Countless establishment media outlets parlaying themselves as 'fact checkers” tried to downplay this email by saying it was 'mostly about trade,” not immigration, as if the words 'open borders” were never mentioned. But the email exchange also shows how Hillary's about-face on the TPP trade deal was mere pandering to Bernie Sanders' voters and had no basis in reality in terms of how she really feels about trade deals. In a speech at Goldman-Black Rock on Feb. 4, 2014, Carrk pointed out, Clinton admitted she's 'Kind Of Far Removed” from middle-class struggles due to 'The Economic, You Know, Fortunes That My Husband And I Now Enjoy.” Clinton, in other speeches, boasted of her ties to Wall Street, an issue primary opponent Bernie Sanders continually raised. Clinton still has refused to release transcripts of her paid speeches while blasting Donald Trump for not releasing his tax returns. 
Working in tandem with 'friendly' media WND reported Tuesday emails showing reporters, editors and contributors not just advocating for Hillary Clinton but apparently colluding with the campaign. Univision Chairman Haim Saban urged the Clinton campaign to hit Donald Trump harder over immigration. The Boston Globe tried to time a Clinton opinion piece to do the most good in New Hampshire. CNBC's John Harwood urged Clinton campaign chairman Podesta to watch out for then-GOP candidate Dr. Ben Carson. Democratic National Committee official and CNN contributor Donna Brazile apparently tipped off the Clinton campaign to a potentially difficult CNN town-hall question on capital punishment during the Democratic Party primary season. Brazile adamantly denies it . In a July 2015 email, New York Times reporter Mark Leibovich appeared to ask permission from Hillary Clinton's communications director, Jennifer Palmieri, to use certain quotes of the presidential candidate in an article. Palmieri replied, suggesting he remove a reference Clinton made to Sarah Palin and delete Clinton's statement, 'And gay rights has moved much faster than women's rights or civil rights, which is an interesting phenomenon.” CNBC correspondent John Harwood, who was widely criticized for posing biased questions to Donald Trump as a primary debate moderator, effectively served as an adviser to the Clinton campaign, emailing Podesta with the subject line 'Watch out.” The warning was regarding GOP presidential candidate Ben Carson, who 'could give you real trouble in a general (election).” Maggie Haberman, a former Politico reporter who now works for the New York Times, was described in a January 2015 memo as having 'a very good relationship” with the Clinton campaign. 'We have had her tee up stories for us before and have never been disappointed,” the memo said. 
Demeaning Catholics Podesta discussed fomenting 'revolution” in the Catholic Church with a progressive activist while Hillary's now-communications director Jennifer Palmieri mocked Catholics who speak out against the liberal social causes of the Democratic Party. 'There needs to be a Catholic Spring, in which Catholics themselves demand the end of a middle ages dictatorship and the beginning of a little democracy and respect for gender equality in the Catholic Church,” Sandy Newman, president and founder of the nonprofit Voices for Progress, wrote Podesta in February 2012 . The email, among the third batch released by WikiLeaks, was titled 'opening for a Catholic Spring? just musing.” Podesta tells Newman of progressive organizations he and his colleagues created to recruit members of the church who can lead a revolution when the time is right.'We created Catholics in Alliance for the Common Good to organize for a moment like this,” the Clinton campaign chairman writes. 'But I think it lacks the leadership to do so now. Likewise Catholics United. Like most Spring movements, I think this one will have to be bottom up.” Clinton, who has accused Trump of praising Putin, called the Russian leader in a 2014 speech 'engaging” and 'a very interesting conversationalist.” Excerpts from Clinton's speeches were contained in a document emailed to Podesta to point out quotes that could harm the campaign. 
Collusion with DOJ Clinton spokesman Brian Fallon alerted staffers that the Justice Department was proposing to publish Clinton's work-related emails, contending it showed collusion between the Obama administration and Clinton's campaign. Fallon wrote that 'DOJ folks” told him a court hearing in the case had been planned. The day after Hillary Clinton testified in front of the House Select Committee on Benghazi last October, Podesta met for dinner with a small group of well-connected friends, including Peter Kadzik, a top official at the Justice Department. Lawyers also told the Clinton campaign in emails that Hillary's private email scandal ' smacks of acting above the law and it smacks of the type of thing I've either gotten discovery sanctions for, fired people for, etc .” 
Entanglements with foreign governments King Muhammad IV of Morocco made a $12 million pledge to fund the Clinton Global Initiative conference, but only if the likely presidential candidate attended the event as a speaker. Hillary's top aide, Huma Abedin, wrote in a January 2015 email that 'if HRC was not part of it, meeting was a non-starter.” Then she warned: 'She created this mess and she knows it.” Hillary ended up not attending but her husband Bill did. An email from Hillary Clinton's account to Podesta on Aug. 17, 2014, said Saudi Arabia and Qatar were 'providing clandestine financial and logistic support to [ISIS] and other radical Sunni groups in the region.” Critics have pointed out that the Clinton Foundation has received considerable funding from the two Middle East nations. In a leaked 2013 paid speech to the Jewish United Fund of Metropolitan Chicago, Hillary said Jordan and Turkey 'can't possibly vet all those refugees so they don't know if, you know, jihadists are coming in along with legitimate refugees.” Two years later she called for a 550 percent increase in the number of Syrian refugees coming to the U.S. largely from United Nations refugee camps in Jordan. 
Insider's insider had sway over DNC A WikiLeaks email dump on July 22 revealed that Debbie Wasserman Schultz used her position as head of the DNC to work in concert with the Clinton campaign to undermine the candidacy of Sen. Bernie Sanders, D-Vt. Schultz was forced to resign over the emails. Issues used to undermine Sanders' campaign included his faith, or lack thereof. The Clinton campaign tried to reschedule the Illinois presidential primary to lower the chances a moderate Republican would get a boost following the Super Tuesday primaries. 'The Clintons won't forget what their friends have done for them,” wrote Robby Mook, who later became Clinton's campaign manager, in the November 2014 email to Podesta.
ARTICLE

Print Fairfax County, Virginia, voter Jena Jones told WND and Radio America she found this Democrat insert included with her absentee ballot, among others 
Democratic Party officials in Fairfax County, Virginia, are categorically denying that pro-Democrat campaign materials were included in the same envelope as a voter's absentee ballot, arguing that pamphlets were sent in a separate mailing to absentee voters from the Fairfax County Democratic Committee, or FCDC. 
Earlier this week, Jena and David Jones shared their story of finding more than they expected in the envelope that contained her ballot. (See images of the materials Jena and David say they found at the end of this article. Also included are two images from Democrats showing what they say is confusion on the part of the voters.) 
'I found a letter from the governor of Virginia asking me to please vote Democrat and 'help keep Virginia blue' this year,” Jena explained. 'Then I got a letter from the Fairfax County Democratic Committee, giving me a step-by-step, yes-and-no what I should vote for as far as the meal tax and all those other things on the ballot.” 
In recent days, at least two more people contend they received the same materials in the envelope with their absentee ballots. 
After the report was first published, and shared on Facebook by David Jones, Fairfax County Democratic Committee Executive Director Frank Anderson replied to David's post to dispute their account of what the ballot envelope contained. 
'These materials were NOT sent in the same envelope as the ballot. The ballot is mailed separately by the Office of Elections. Political parties are free to mail items to voters who request absentee ballots. The two envelopes arrived at the same time,” commented Anderson. 
That triggered a quick back-and-forth between David Jones and Anderson. 
'I hate to tell you but you're wrong. All items came in one envelope,” Jones said. 
Like the reporting you see here? Sign up for free news alerts from WND.com, America's independent news network. 
'Impossible. That letter came out of my office. We never have access to other people's ballots,” replied Anderson. 
'Then it seems those that sent the ballots have access to YOUR letters,” said Jones. 'Who should I believe? You or my lying eyes?” 
Anderson then stated that political parties are informed when anyone requests an absentee ballot, and mailings are sent to those voters to promote Democratic Party candidates and positions on ballot initiatives. 
'I am literally sitting down the hall from the place where those envelopes are stuffed. We are a political office and have no business handling anyone's ballots. You can believe what you want to believe,” concluded Anderson. 
The Virginia Department of Elections did not respond to repeated attempts for a response. But after seeing reports from WND and Radio America, Anderson protested the premise of the story. 
'Please stop spreading these absurd allegations that are just hearsay from a misinformed voter who cannot verify his claim,” stated Anderson in an email in which he also explained why he believed the Jones account could not be accurate. 
He shared a photo sent by State Sen. Scott Surovell, showing his absentee ballot envelope next to a separate envelope containing Democratic Party advocacy. 
In a formal interview, FCDC Communications Adviser Bruce Neilson told WND and Radio America the Jones version of what the ballot envelope contained cannot be true. 
'It's not possible,” said Neilson, who then explained how absentee voters are approached by the local Democrats. 
'Voting is a sacred privilege and a right of every citizen,” he said. 'The activity of voting is also a public record. The Fairfax County Democratic Committee receives a notice of everyone who has requested an absentee ballot. We get that information as public information on the day the ballot is mailed. 
'The same day the ballot is mailed, our volunteers prepare materials to advise voters what the Fairfax (County) Democratic Committee knows to be Democratic positions on the ballot,” said Neilson, noting the materials include fliers on candidates and ballot proposals like the meals tax. 
Listen to the WND/Radio America interview with Bruce Neilson: 
However, he insists those materials are never sent with the ballot itself. 
'That material is mailed in a separate envelope, labeled with our initials – FCDC – and our return address in Fairfax, Virginia, and would be received either the same day, perhaps the day before or the day after she received her official absentee ballot from the government,” Neilson said. 
'It's a separate mailing. It's a separate stamp. It's a separate envelope. It's very easy to confuse where they came from if you have all those materials on the table at the same time while you're filling in your votes,” he said. 
Jones is standing by her story 100 percent, as is her husband. David says it's a very clear memory. 
'Jena opened the envelope that contained her ballot, the green sample ballot, the two-sided letter from the governor and card with kids on it saying 'go vote' or something of that nature. There was also the return envelope, which I signed,” David said. 
The coverage of Jena's story has also elicited similar stories from two other Fairfax County voters. Both of them commented on Reddit. 
'I can confirm this. I live in Herndon, VA (Fairfax County) and also received these materials in my absentee ballot. I thought it was fishy at the time but didn't look into it,” stated a comment by a reader using the handle thisisaterriblename. 
Get the hottest, most important news stories on the Internet – delivered FREE to your inbox as soon as they break! Take just 30 seconds and sign up for WND's Email News Alerts! 
Another, under the Reddit handle Nightingale-Nights, said the same thing happened to them and posted similar photos to the ones David and Jena shared last week. 
Neilson said there is no way the county government, which sends out the ballots, could be including partisan materials in the envelope containing the ballot. 
'They don't have our materials,” he said. 'Our materials are printed for us, by our printer, and we have complete control over our materials in our office, and they come from our office in our mailing. They don't go anywhere else. 
'It's not possible that the county government is distributing partisan Democratic materials. It's never happened before. I'm not aware of it happening now. And I don't think that it would happen anywhere in the future,” Neilson said. 
There are only a few known complaints of stuffed ballot envelopes in Fairfax County, leading David Jones to believe an individual in the government is responsible. He accepts the explanation that the Fairfax County Democratic Committee is not responsible for what he and Jena discovered with her ballot. 
'I understand Frank's comments about his office has nothing to do with the ballots. I believe that,” Jones said. 'I think what we are seeing here is a person that actually stuffs and mails the ballots is taking it upon themselves to add in extra material. I don't see how Frank's office could be held accountable for what's in the ballot envelope. But it does seem odd that others are now reporting similar issues.” 
Neilson said there is zero chance of that scenario being true. 
'I just can't imagine that happening because of the internal controls that we have on the literature that we mail,” Neilson said. 
He also said the internal controls at the county government are air tight. 
'I am an election official. On Election Day, I serve in a non-partisan capacity for our county election office,” Nielson said. 'I can assure you, you have Democrats and Republicans working in the office. You have plenty of oversight of the voting process, and there's no way that a partisan political piece was mailed with her ballot. There is no way that happened.” 
The following are three images of the Democratic Party materials Jena and David Jones say they found stuffed inside the absentee ballot: 
The following are two images from Democrats who say the voters must be confused:
ARTICLE

Print Saeed Toosi, right, and Ayatollah Khamenei 
After failed attempts by top Iran officials to cover up the scandal, the nation's leading reciter of the Quran and close friend of Ayatollah Khamenei has been accused of raping 19 of his students and charged with 'advocating corruption.” 
Saeed Toosi, 46, winner of the first prize for reading the Quran, both internationally and locally, fell under suspicion after a broadcast by Persian Voice of America – banned for viewing by Tehran – in which three alleged rape victims came forward with written and audio evidence and described sexual assaults by Toosi, reported Al Arabiya. 
In an audio recording, Toosi said that Khamenei knew of the sexual assaults and, together with the head of Iran's judicial authority, had agreed to a cover-up to protect the reputation of the nation's quranic institution and the regime. 
It's time to stop tiptoeing around the facts. 'The Politically Incorrect Guide to Islam and the Crusades” is a much-needed dose of truth about the 'religion of peace.” 
One document has Toosi admitting that his actions with his students had been a 'mistake.” One of the victims – a recent first-place winner in a quranic competition – claimed he was raped when he was 12 while traveling abroad with Toosi to attend a competition. The mentor, according to the charge, booked the pair in a single hotel room where the attack took place. 
All victims who have filed statements were between 12 and 14 at the time of the alleged attacks. The incidents took place over the past seven years during 'quranic trips to more than 20 countries in the world aimed at 'spreading the quranic culture' and to participate in quranic competitions.” 
Toosi is highly respected as Iran's most celebrated reader of the Quran and was previously called an 'exemplary model to be followed” by Khamenei, current supreme leader of Iran. He is a permanent guest of Khamenei in the annual quranic councils celebrated during Ramadan. Last May, Toosi was asked to recite verses from the Quran at the opening session of the Shura council, with many of Iran's top officials in attendance. 
The students told Persian VOA they had filed charges with the House of Leadership, but officials dismissed their claims, citing a 'repentance letter” from Toosi admitting his actions and claiming to be a 'changed man.” 
While Iran officially imposes the death penalty for homosexuality, sex between men and boys is viewed with some toleration in the culture, causing confusion as to whether the resulting relationships are consensual or forced. The case is further complicated by the fact allegations of sexual misconduct against powerful officials are unheard of in the Islamic Republic. 
According to the reformist Amad News, officials held a two-hour emergency meeting with the judiciary following outcries over the broadcast. The initial intent to bury the story failed after it reached the national press and resulted in Toosi now being charged. 
Judiciary chief Ayatollah Sadeq Larijani, whom the victims' audio showed conspiring with Khamenei to cover up the incidents, defended the regime's handling of the case, London Guardian reported. Larijani called for punishment of those who cooperated with 'hostile media” in the VOA story, 'so we know who is [loyal] to the revolution and who is not.” 
The case has been given to a judge for a ruling, though there will be no public trial. Awad News reports members of the Army of the Guardians of the Islamic Revolution are planning to 'assassinate” Toosi to end the scandal and save the regime's reputation. 
Toosi, who has denied the charges against him – calling them 'total lies” meant to discredit Iran's religious institutions and the ayatollah – is reportedly threatening to release the names of 100 of Iran's top officials he claims are implicated in the rape and molestation of children, if the prosecution proceeds.
ARTICLE

Print Fairfax County, Virginia, voter Jena Jones told WND and Radio America she found this Democrat insert included with her absentee ballot, among others 
Democratic Party officials in Fairfax County, Virginia, are categorically denying that pro-Democrat campaign materials were included in the same envelope as a voter's absentee ballot, arguing that pamphlets were sent in a separate mailing to absentee voters from the Fairfax County Democratic Committee, or FCDC. 
Earlier this week, Jena and David Jones shared their story of finding more than they expected in the envelope that contained her ballot. (See images of the materials Jena and David say they found at the end of this article. Also included are two images from Democrats showing what they say is confusion on the part of the voters.) 
'I found a letter from the governor of Virginia asking me to please vote Democrat and 'help keep Virginia blue' this year,” Jena explained. 'Then I got a letter from the Fairfax County Democratic Committee, giving me a step-by-step, yes-and-no what I should vote for as far as the meal tax and all those other things on the ballot.” 
In recent days, at least two more people contend they received the same materials in the envelope with their absentee ballots. 
After the report was first published, and shared on Facebook by David Jones, Fairfax County Democratic Committee Executive Director Frank Anderson replied to David's post to dispute their account of what the ballot envelope contained. 
'These materials were NOT sent in the same envelope as the ballot. The ballot is mailed separately by the Office of Elections. Political parties are free to mail items to voters who request absentee ballots. The two envelopes arrived at the same time,” commented Anderson. 
That triggered a quick back-and-forth between David Jones and Anderson. 
'I hate to tell you but you're wrong. All items came in one envelope,” Jones said. 
Like the reporting you see here? Sign up for free news alerts from WND.com, America's independent news network. 
'Impossible. That letter came out of my office. We never have access to other people's ballots,” replied Anderson. 
'Then it seems those that sent the ballots have access to YOUR letters,” said Jones. 'Who should I believe? You or my lying eyes?” 
Anderson then stated that political parties are informed when anyone requests an absentee ballot, and mailings are sent to those voters to promote Democratic Party candidates and positions on ballot initiatives. 
'I am literally sitting down the hall from the place where those envelopes are stuffed. We are a political office and have no business handling anyone's ballots. You can believe what you want to believe,” concluded Anderson. 
The Virginia Department of Elections did not respond to repeated attempts for a response. But after seeing reports from WND and Radio America, Anderson protested the premise of the story. 
'Please stop spreading these absurd allegations that are just hearsay from a misinformed voter who cannot verify his claim,” stated Anderson in an email in which he also explained why he believed the Jones account could not be accurate. 
He shared a photo sent by State Sen. Scott Surovell, showing his absentee ballot envelope next to a separate envelope containing Democratic Party advocacy. 
In a formal interview, FCDC Communications Adviser Bruce Neilson told WND and Radio America the Jones version of what the ballot envelope contained cannot be true. 
'It's not possible,” said Neilson, who then explained how absentee voters are approached by the local Democrats. 
'Voting is a sacred privilege and a right of every citizen,” he said. 'The activity of voting is also a public record. The Fairfax County Democratic Committee receives a notice of everyone who has requested an absentee ballot. We get that information as public information on the day the ballot is mailed. 
'The same day the ballot is mailed, our volunteers prepare materials to advise voters what the Fairfax (County) Democratic Committee knows to be Democratic positions on the ballot,” said Neilson, noting the materials include fliers on candidates and ballot proposals like the meals tax. 
Listen to the WND/Radio America interview with Bruce Neilson: 
However, he insists those materials are never sent with the ballot itself. 
'That material is mailed in a separate envelope, labeled with our initials – FCDC – and our return address in Fairfax, Virginia, and would be received either the same day, perhaps the day before or the day after she received her official absentee ballot from the government,” Neilson said. 
'It's a separate mailing. It's a separate stamp. It's a separate envelope. It's very easy to confuse where they came from if you have all those materials on the table at the same time while you're filling in your votes,” he said. 
Jones is standing by her story 100 percent, as is her husband. David says it's a very clear memory. 
'Jena opened the envelope that contained her ballot, the green sample ballot, the two-sided letter from the governor and card with kids on it saying 'go vote' or something of that nature. There was also the return envelope, which I signed,” David said. 
The coverage of Jena's story has also elicited similar stories from two other Fairfax County voters. Both of them commented on Reddit. 
'I can confirm this. I live in Herndon, VA (Fairfax County) and also received these materials in my absentee ballot. I thought it was fishy at the time but didn't look into it,” stated a comment by a reader using the handle thisisaterriblename. 
Get the hottest, most important news stories on the Internet – delivered FREE to your inbox as soon as they break! Take just 30 seconds and sign up for WND's Email News Alerts! 
Another, under the Reddit handle Nightingale-Nights, said the same thing happened to them and posted similar photos to the ones David and Jena shared last week. 
Neilson said there is no way the county government, which sends out the ballots, could be including partisan materials in the envelope containing the ballot. 
'They don't have our materials,” he said. 'Our materials are printed for us, by our printer, and we have complete control over our materials in our office, and they come from our office in our mailing. They don't go anywhere else. 
'It's not possible that the county government is distributing partisan Democratic materials. It's never happened before. I'm not aware of it happening now. And I don't think that it would happen anywhere in the future,” Neilson said. 
There are only a few known complaints of stuffed ballot envelopes in Fairfax County, leading David Jones to believe an individual in the government is responsible. He accepts the explanation that the Fairfax County Democratic Committee is not responsible for what he and Jena discovered with her ballot. 
'I understand Frank's comments about his office has nothing to do with the ballots. I believe that,” Jones said. 'I think what we are seeing here is a person that actually stuffs and mails the ballots is taking it upon themselves to add in extra material. I don't see how Frank's office could be held accountable for what's in the ballot envelope. But it does seem odd that others are now reporting similar issues.” 
Neilson said there is zero chance of that scenario being true. 
'I just can't imagine that happening because of the internal controls that we have on the literature that we mail,” Neilson said. 
He also said the internal controls at the county government are air tight. 
'I am an election official. On Election Day, I serve in a non-partisan capacity for our county election office,” Nielson said. 'I can assure you, you have Democrats and Republicans working in the office. You have plenty of oversight of the voting process, and there's no way that a partisan political piece was mailed with her ballot. There is no way that happened.” 
The following are three images of the Democratic Party materials Jena and David Jones say they found stuffed inside the absentee ballot: 
The following are two images from Democrats who say the voters must be confused:
ARTICLE

Print Saeed Toosi, right, and Ayatollah Khamenei 
After failed attempts by top Iran officials to cover up the scandal, the nation's leading reciter of the Quran and close friend of Ayatollah Khamenei has been accused of raping 19 of his students and charged with 'advocating corruption.” 
Saeed Toosi, 46, winner of the first prize for reading the Quran, both internationally and locally, fell under suspicion after a broadcast by Persian Voice of America – banned for viewing by Tehran – in which three alleged rape victims came forward with written and audio evidence and described sexual assaults by Toosi, reported Al Arabiya. 
In an audio recording, Toosi said that Khamenei knew of the sexual assaults and, together with the head of Iran's judicial authority, had agreed to a cover-up to protect the reputation of the nation's quranic institution and the regime. 
It's time to stop tiptoeing around the facts. 'The Politically Incorrect Guide to Islam and the Crusades” is a much-needed dose of truth about the 'religion of peace.” 
One document has Toosi admitting that his actions with his students had been a 'mistake.” One of the victims – a recent first-place winner in a quranic competition – claimed he was raped when he was 12 while traveling abroad with Toosi to attend a competition. The mentor, according to the charge, booked the pair in a single hotel room where the attack took place. 
All victims who have filed statements were between 12 and 14 at the time of the alleged attacks. The incidents took place over the past seven years during 'quranic trips to more than 20 countries in the world aimed at 'spreading the quranic culture' and to participate in quranic competitions.” 
Toosi is highly respected as Iran's most celebrated reader of the Quran and was previously called an 'exemplary model to be followed” by Khamenei, current supreme leader of Iran. He is a permanent guest of Khamenei in the annual quranic councils celebrated during Ramadan. Last May, Toosi was asked to recite verses from the Quran at the opening session of the Shura council, with many of Iran's top officials in attendance. 
The students told Persian VOA they had filed charges with the House of Leadership, but officials dismissed their claims, citing a 'repentance letter” from Toosi admitting his actions and claiming to be a 'changed man.” 
While Iran officially imposes the death penalty for homosexuality, sex between men and boys is viewed with some toleration in the culture, causing confusion as to whether the resulting relationships are consensual or forced. The case is further complicated by the fact allegations of sexual misconduct against powerful officials are unheard of in the Islamic Republic. 
According to the reformist Amad News, officials held a two-hour emergency meeting with the judiciary following outcries over the broadcast. The initial intent to bury the story failed after it reached the national press and resulted in Toosi now being charged. 
Judiciary chief Ayatollah Sadeq Larijani, whom the victims' audio showed conspiring with Khamenei to cover up the incidents, defended the regime's handling of the case, London Guardian reported. Larijani called for punishment of those who cooperated with 'hostile media” in the VOA story, 'so we know who is [loyal] to the revolution and who is not.” 
The case has been given to a judge for a ruling, though there will be no public trial. Awad News reports members of the Army of the Guardians of the Islamic Revolution are planning to 'assassinate” Toosi to end the scandal and save the regime's reputation. 
Toosi, who has denied the charges against him – calling them 'total lies” meant to discredit Iran's religious institutions and the ayatollah – is reportedly threatening to release the names of 100 of Iran's top officials he claims are implicated in the rape and molestation of children, if the prosecution proceeds.
ARTICLE

Meteor, space junk, rocket? Mysterious flash hits Siberia 'It was as bright as day for 5 or 6 seconds! Sensation!' Published: 29 mins ago 
(Russia Today) People in eastern Siberia have been left mystified by a flash that illuminated the sky with green light, resembling the famous Chelyabinsk meteor of 2013. The event has become a hot topic for discussion, with people suggesting the flash could have been anything from a meteor to space junk or even a rocket. 
The phenomenon was observed by residents of Irkutsk Region and Buryatia Republic in eastern Siberia on Tuesday, local media reported. 
According to local witnesses, the sky was illuminated by a green light, before an object resembling a comet fell from the sky. Some locals claimed that the object was moving towards Lake Baikal, the deepest lake on Earth.
ARTICLE

Bellwether? Trump kippas outselling Hillary yarmulkes Company sees preference as 'early exit poll of Orthodox Jews' Published: 9 mins ago Print 
WASHINGTON – The campaigns of Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton are looking for signs anywhere and everywhere that might suggest who will move into the White House in January. 
A company that makes Trump and Hillary kippas or yarmulkes has some good news for one of the presidential hopefuls – Trump head coverings are winning in a landslide among the Orthodox Jewish clientele. 
So far, the company, Pic-A-Kippa, has sold 331 Trump yarmulkes to 65 for Clinton. 
'My kippa (yarmulke) company sells Trump and Hillary kippas and are keeping track of who is selling more,” Uri Turk, founder and 'chief kippa officer,” told WND. 'We see it as an early exit poll of the Orthodox Jews, a type of bellwether of where this important community is leaning. Once the first debate came around, the orders started flying in, with much more interest in the Trump kippas.” 
Pic-A-Kippa is the brainstorm of two former elite red beret IDF soldiers from Miami. Turk says the company is the leader in the kippa market and has been selling Trump and Hillary custom kippas on its site since August, all the while keeping a running tally of which one has sold more. 
'Our mission is to help Jews everywhere show and wear their Jewish pride, with our beautifully unique and completely customizable picture kippas,” the company says on its website. 
It donates 10 percent of every kippa sale to the Lone Soldier Center in Israel, assisting young lone soldiers during difficult times. 
Turk said while American Jews have leaned heavily Democratic for decades, the past few presidential races have seen Orthodox Jews, who make up over 10 percent of American Jewry, vote Republican in ever increasing numbers. He attributes that fact to the Democrats putting 'daylight between America and Israel.” 
A number of influential Jewish pro-Trump organizations have emerged, chief among them 'Jews Choose Trump” and 'Jewish Democrats For Trump.” A recent poll of Florida Jews showed Orthodox voters are leaning toward Trump by a 3-1 margin. 
According to Turk, Pic-A-Kippa has sold many Trump kippas to a congregant of Ivanka Trump's synagogue on the liberal Upper East Side of Manhattan and has gotten orders for Trump kippas from Israel, Australia, Britain and even Mexico. Pic-A-Kippa has also gotten hate mail from Jews unhappy they are selling the Trump designs, he says.
ARTICLE

Bellwether? Trump kippas outselling Hillary yarmulkes Company sees preference as 'early exit poll of Orthodox Jews' Published: 24 mins ago Print 
WASHINGTON – The campaigns of Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton are looking for signs anywhere and everywhere that might suggest who will move into the White House in January. 
A company that makes Trump and Hillary kippas or yarmulkes has some good news for one of the presidential hopefuls – Trump head coverings are winning in a landslide among the Orthodox Jewish clientele. 
So far, the company, Pic-A-Kippa, has sold 331 Trump yarmulkes to 65 for Clinton. 
'My kippa (yarmulke) company sells Trump and Hillary kippas and are keeping track of who is selling more,” Uri Turk, founder and 'chief kippa officer,” told WND. 'We see it as an early exit poll of the Orthodox Jews, a type of bellwether of where this important community is leaning. Once the first debate came around, the orders started flying in, with much more interest in the Trump kippas.” 
Pic-A-Kippa is the brainstorm of two former elite red beret IDF soldiers from Miami. Turk says the company is the leader in the kippa market and has been selling Trump and Hillary custom kippas on its site since August, all the while keeping a running tally of which one has sold more. 
'Our mission is to help Jews everywhere show and wear their Jewish pride, with our beautifully unique and completely customizable picture kippas,” the company says on its website. 
It donates 10 percent of every kippa sale to the Lone Soldier Center in Israel, assisting young lone soldiers during difficult times. 
Turk said while American Jews have leaned heavily Democratic for decades, the past few presidential races have seen Orthodox Jews, who make up over 10 percent of American Jewry, vote Republican in ever increasing numbers. He attributes that fact to the Democrats putting 'daylight between America and Israel.” 
A number of influential Jewish pro-Trump organizations have emerged, chief among them 'Jews Choose Trump” and 'Jewish Democrats For Trump.” A recent poll of Florida Jews showed Orthodox voters are leaning toward Trump by a 3-1 margin. 
According to Turk, Pic-A-Kippa has sold many Trump kippas to a congregant of Ivanka Trump's synagogue on the liberal Upper East Side of Manhattan and has gotten orders for Trump kippas from Israel, Australia, Britain and even Mexico. Pic-A-Kippa has also gotten hate mail from Jews unhappy they are selling the Trump designs, he says.
ARTICLE

Show biz: Business and breakthroughs Exclusive: Vanessa Frank learns what makes or breaks members of film industry Published: 1 min ago Vanessa Frank About | | Archive Vanessa Frank has been involved in the film industry first as an actress and then in production, distribution and international sales. At 31, she directed her first film, 'Let The Lion Roar,” starring Oscar nominated Eric Roberts, Stephen Baldwin, Kevin Sorbo and Grammy nominated singers Jaci Velasquez, Tim Rushlow and Jamie Grace. The film was an indie distribution success, with sales in 52 nations. Print 
About Film Talk 
Film Talk podcasts takes you inside the minds of some of the brightest filmmakers in the world. Learn from award-winning filmmakers as they teach the secrets to their success – the daily habits, routines and practices they employ to be the best in their industry. Guests include Oscar winners, Emmy Award winners, and Golden Globe winners. You can access the archive of all Film Talk podcasts here . 
Making independent films happen with Atit Shah 
Atit Shah is a film producer with five films releasing within the next 12 months, including 'Jekyll Island” starring Oscar-nominated Minnie Driver, Emmy Award-winner John Leguizamo, AnnaSophia Robb and Ed Westwick, and 'Money” starring Kellan Lutz. 
He is the CEO of Create Entertainment, and is represented by UTA. 
Breaking through as a female director with Melanie Aitkenhead 
Melanie Aitkenhead is the director of the reboot of 'Mother, May I Sleep With Danger?”, Oscar-nominated James Franco's retelling of the 1996 classic film of the same name. The film stars Tori Spelling, with a cameo by Franco and premiered on Lifetime. 
She's also the director of the film adaption of James Franco's popular novel 'Actors Anonymous,” which explores the lives of young actors in Hollywood and stars Franco alongside Oscar-nominated Eric Roberts, Keegan Allen and Scott Haze. 
Building the franchise with Scott Mitchell Rosenberg 
Scott Mitchell Rosenberg is the CEO of Platinum Studios, one of the world's largest independent libraries of comic book characters. Scott has played an integral role in creating one of the largest bibles in comic book history: the Platinum Studios 'Macroverse,” which includes anchor titles such as 'Cowboys & Aliens.” 
A constant innovator, Scott established Platinum in 1997, following a successful career as the founder of Malibu Comics, which sold to Marvel in 1994. At Malibu, Scott led many successful comic spinoffs into toys, television and feature films, including the billion-dollar film and television mega-hit, 'Men in Black.” 
The art of entrepreneurship with Kent Speakman 
Kent Speakman is a producer and entrepreneur at the intersection of entertainment and technology. Examiner.com has called him 'one of the most influential entrepreneurs in the entertainment industry.” He has won the iMedia Entertainment Marketing award for 'Best Digital Campaign” and 'Best Mobile Entertainment Startup,” and he was awarded Evan Carmichael's 'Top 100 Entrepreneurs to Follow” in 2013 preceded by the 'iMedia Top Ten Digital Marketers” in 2009. 
Kent founded KONNECT – a digital, mobile and experiential agency that works with startups, brands and entertainment properties – before he co-founded FAMEUS, a new social network that connects members of the entertainment industry in innovative ways with a unique technology and that was listed on the Huffington Post's 'Top 10 Startups in LA” in 2015. 
Kent has an international network of professionals and influencers, having orchestrated a variety of film and technology projects in Canada, the US, the United Kingdom, Asia and India. He has produced hundreds of events across Canada and the US, whilst working with clientele ranging from A-list celebrities, to tech mobile startups. 
The Legal Aspect of Filmmaking with Dan Satorius 
Dan Satorius is a world-class entertainment lawyer, with a practice that focuses principally on transactions, intellectual property, business structuring and financing. Furthermore, he is a nationally regarded attorney on clearance issues including Fair Use. His clients include Academy Award, Emmy Award, Independent Spirit Award, and Peabody Award-winning independent producers, writers and broadcasters in the film and television industry. 
After graduating from film school and law school, Dan produced award-winning documentaries and short dramatic films. His graduate thesis film was selected as a finalist for a student Academy Award. In addition to practicing entertainment law for more than 25 years, Dan has been an adjunct professor at William Mitchell School of Law where he taught Entertainment Law. 
Dan is an active member of the American Bar Association's Forum on the Entertainment and Sports Industries, Co-Vice Chair of the Film and Television Division, and a member of the Governing Committee.
ARTICLE

Print 
When Judith Gait met 'Father X,” it was a lopsided grief that drew them together. He had lost his only chance at fatherhood through an abortion years ago. Gait is a married mother of five, and long-term American resident in Britain. Her support of the pro-life movement is driven by 'thankfulness and praise” for life and her Christian faith. 
Witnessing abortion's heavy toll on the living and dead, Gait began to make the paintings almost no one else seemed to be doing. Subtle and working entirely with symbolism, these simple artworks avoid screaming about abortion. Rather, they mourn in color, symbol and tone with single shoes, broken cord, dead flowers and other lonely and broken things. 'Troubadours Sailing Hibiscus Seas”painting by Judith Gait, commentary by Father X 
When a friend first visited Gait's studio, he was struck by her abortion paintings. Confessing years of torment after his partner aborted his child, he wrote: 'I realize your work comes from a place of great love, for it attempts to give defenseless life the dignity and protection it never knew in our throw away culture.” 
Gait invited him to pray with her for his lost child. It happened to be the anniversary of the death of his baby, five years to the day. Father X remembers every detail. 
Their conversation grew into a joint effort, culminating in a book, ' Troubadours Sailing Hibiscus Seas: Meditations on Post Abortion Trauma .” Father X wanted to remain anonymous, as a place-setter for millions of unconsidered fathers in the acts of abortion. He wrote poetic and powerful statements for each of Gait's 30 paintings in this book, which have also been shown together in art exhibits. 
Time and neglect does not necessarily heal the wounds of abortion, Gait claims. Rather, 'the past refocuses into a sharper image and the pain through an iterative process of silence, guilt and remorse has not abated.” You can see that in the words of Father X, which run the gamut of human emotions. 'On Abortion: Shoe, Pot and Crosses”from 'Troubadours Sailing Hibiscus Seas” 
'Jonah of Nineveh” features an upended, single rose with red cords and funereal foliage. Flowers are 'already in the birth position, head down and waiting to be born.” Torn and shroud-like ribbons hang across the painting. Spirals represent a child's DNA helix and the 'veil of the Temple which has just been so rudely shaken down to its foundation.” Father X makes an analogy between Jonah fleeing 'parental responsibility” and eventual redemption – then veers off to his own personal engulfment in almost a stream of consciousness: 'It was her wedding dress, my sea green empress, this blue lagoon princess she slipped into her own heart of darkness on that day she decided to abort and when time really stopped in our lives. She was full of fear. …” 
In some of these works, hammers incongruently hang with flowers. They are bloody or blackened, some submerged underwater or hanging from a noose. Father X interprets these tools as decision markers, to either build or tear down. In 'Hammer of Decision,” it belongs to Thor, the war god 'infested with his one eyed wisdom of intrigue and destruction.” Wagner, the Olympics, 'sperm races,” Thomas Moore and Valkyries are all inducted into this choice by the author. Either the Carpenter's 'hammer of wisdom” or Thor's 'tool of chaos” will be chosen by expectant parents. 'Hammer, Suspended” 
' Troubadours ” runs from elegant poetry to sentiment over babies and an ad hoc theology. Striving to extend lives of children lost to abortion, the authors create a fantasy universe of possibilities. This includes moonlighting for angels, celestial games, 'interstellar wind-jammers” and a 'baby steamer sailing on children's seas,” among other delightful prospects. Lost and murdered infants in these tales pine for love or for a family in their Limbos. 
Father X occasionally speculates on spiritual issues outside the Bible or the treatment of abortion in other religions. Running from nursery rhymes and quotes to historical characters, these are not theological statements, but a type of literary yearning that seeks an answer to abortion. 
In Gait's 'Pink Rose” and 'Stardust,” we see empty fields, withered plants and other tokens. Father X takes off from here on fanciful trips for the lost children. He places them in a cosmic waiting rooms or dancing in circles, which is reflected in the painting. Children are disfigured, or missing eyes or arms and singing in 'low mournful tones” so as not to disturb their parents. Music is 'intense, equivalent to the sound created by Hildegard von Bingen (a 12th-century nun and composer). 'Troubadours Sailing Hibiscus Seas”painting by Judith Gait, commentary by Father X 
References to Mary as a mother are common, as well as other scriptural allusions. 'All babies jump for Jesus” in the womb (or in 'its sack of nibbling yoke”) writes Father X. Elizabeth's child John 'leapt for joy, just as his ancestor David did before the ark of the covenant,” he continues. 
Gait addresses the human embryo, finding Biblical, ethical or emotional arguments for its worth at all stages. Her 'Abbey Target Beginning” has a crosshair target, which is interpreted spiritually: 'The first target blastula conflates the first cellular divisions with the laver bread – the bread on fire with the Holy Spirit the same stage of development as the child in Mary's womb when she arrived at her cousin Elizabeth's house.” 
Post-abort guilt isn't rationalized or downplayed, but emotionally reacted to in art and word. Father X describes bats as whirling about 'in circles at the pitiful sound the [aborted] children make” because they are tuned to such distressing signals. This contrasts with many parents who are 'still stone deaf” to such mournful sounds. At another point, Father-X imputes the collective white noise of guilt to attacks of tinnitus, a roar of unwanted thoughts. 'Troubadours Sailing Hibiscus Seas”painting by Judith Gait, commentary by Father X 
Father X elaborates on what Gait hints in her paintings: the injustice and evil of abortion. He cites a world built on slavery before Christ's advent, and the works of such men as William Wilberforce and John Brown in furthering Christ's gospel of justice and peace. All this is contrasted to abortion throughout. 
Ruminating on Gait's 'Palms of our Lord,” Father X claims 'the face of the baby is in the midst of the ruins of the abortion. 'Palms” is murky, with a single, red hand print. 'To look at the after birth of an abortion is to read the Tarot of Ruins,” he continues. 
'Suicide” advances this dark theme, where Gait and Father X criticize the death industry and it's euphemistically named 'clinics.” He takes a few swings at the girl gangs of the glass ceilings: '… a caricature of a woman who made a mistake, who got herself in trouble, who has had an abortion and afterwards committed suicide in her heart.” 
But all isn't baleful and sad here. In 'Cloud Children,” Father X muses on paper dolls in Gait's paintings with this lovely thought: 'Where children go … is a mystery. … Some say they take their daytime rest in Christ's tomb in Jerusalem, and like him when their time is come they will ascend into heaven before a quire of angels and assembled Star Ships.” 
' Troubadours Sailing Hibiscus Seas ” is a work of meditation, grief counseling, poetry, social commentary and visual art. Father X may not reveal his identity here, but the reader comes to know intimate details about relationships and emotions surrounding the death of his only child. Gait and Father X describe their efforts as a 'silent prayer of witness for all the ghost families, those Phantoms of Sorrows, who will never laugh or cry together as a family, because of an abortion.” They hope that prying open the tightly locked matter of abortion will help to heal those who have had abortions or are victimized in some way. 
Judith Gait is a graduate of California College of Arts and Crafts and received a Masters at Oxford's Ruskin School of Fine Drawing. Her work is in public and private collections in America and abroad. She is an American citizen, residing in Britain. Father X is an addictions counselor and writer in Great Britain, who prefers to remain anonymous. 
'Troubadours Sailing Hibiscus Seas:Meditations on Post Abortion Trauma” is a coffee-table size, 103-page paper book, with 33 color-illustrations and related commentary. You can purchase it at Amazon U.S.
ARTICLE

WARS AND RUMORS OF WARS NATO calls for more troops for face-off against Putin Largest military build-up on Russia's borders since Cold War Published: 9 mins ago 
(Haaretz) NATO will press allies on Wednesday to contribute to its biggest military build-up on Russia's borders since the Cold War as the alliance prepares for a protracted quarrel with Moscow. 
With Russia's aircraft carrier heading to Syria in a show of force along Europe's shores, alliance defense ministers aim to make good on a July promise by NATO leaders to send forces to the Baltic states and eastern Poland from early next year. 
The United States hopes for binding commitments from Europe to fill four battle groups of some 4,000 troops, part of NATO's response to Russia's 2014 annexation of Crimea and concern it could try a similar tactic in Europe's ex-Soviet states.
ARTICLE

Ex-rep: 'If Trump loses, I'm grabbing my musket' Previously tweeted call for 'war' against Obama after Dallas police shootings Published: 11 mins ago 
(The Hill) A former congressman on Wednesday threatened to grab his musket if GOP nominee Donald Trump loses the presidential election. 
On November 8th, I'm voting for Trump,” former Rep. Joe Walsh (R-Ill.) tweeted on Wednesday. 
'On November 9th, if Trump loses, I'm grabbing my musket.You in?”
ARTICLE

Rand Paul returns $620,000 to U.S. Treasury 'I promised Kentuckians I would stand for smaller, more efficient government' Published: 12 mins ago 
(Global Dispatch) Following in the footsteps of his father, former Texas Congressman Ron Paul, U.S. Senator Rand Paul announced recently that he saved more than $620,000 from his official FY 2016 operating budget, bringing the total amount Dr. Paul has returned to the taxpayers to over $3,000,000 since taking office in January 2011. 
'It's easy to picture Washington's out-of-control spending as a massive, untamable beast,” said Dr. Paul. 'So I determined to show change is possible by starting in the area under my control, while working everywhere else I could to stop 'business as usual.' 
'I promised Kentuckians I would stand for smaller, more efficient government, balanced budgets, and spending restraint. I'm proud my staff and I have kept that pledge while operating one of the most active federal offices.”
ARTICLE

WARS AND RUMORS OF WARS NATO calls for more troops for face-off against Putin Largest military build-up on Russia's borders since Cold War Published: 11 mins ago 
(Haaretz) NATO will press allies on Wednesday to contribute to its biggest military build-up on Russia's borders since the Cold War as the alliance prepares for a protracted quarrel with Moscow. 
With Russia's aircraft carrier heading to Syria in a show of force along Europe's shores, alliance defense ministers aim to make good on a July promise by NATO leaders to send forces to the Baltic states and eastern Poland from early next year. 
The United States hopes for binding commitments from Europe to fill four battle groups of some 4,000 troops, part of NATO's response to Russia's 2014 annexation of Crimea and concern it could try a similar tactic in Europe's ex-Soviet states.
ARTICLE

Ex-rep: 'If Trump loses, I'm grabbing my musket' Previously tweeted call for 'war' against Obama after Dallas police shootings Published: 15 mins ago 
(The Hill) A former congressman on Wednesday threatened to grab his musket if GOP nominee Donald Trump loses the presidential election. 
On November 8th, I'm voting for Trump,” former Rep. Joe Walsh (R-Ill.) tweeted on Wednesday. 
'On November 9th, if Trump loses, I'm grabbing my musket.You in?”
ARTICLE

Rand Paul returns $620,000 to U.S. Treasury 'I promised Kentuckians I would stand for smaller, more efficient government' Published: 15 mins ago 
(Global Dispatch) Following in the footsteps of his father, former Texas Congressman Ron Paul, U.S. Senator Rand Paul announced recently that he saved more than $620,000 from his official FY 2016 operating budget, bringing the total amount Dr. Paul has returned to the taxpayers to over $3,000,000 since taking office in January 2011. 
'It's easy to picture Washington's out-of-control spending as a massive, untamable beast,” said Dr. Paul. 'So I determined to show change is possible by starting in the area under my control, while working everywhere else I could to stop 'business as usual.' 
'I promised Kentuckians I would stand for smaller, more efficient government, balanced budgets, and spending restraint. I'm proud my staff and I have kept that pledge while operating one of the most active federal offices.”
ARTICLE

Show biz: Business and breakthroughs Exclusive: Vanessa Frank learns what makes or breaks members of film industry Published: 29 mins ago About | | Archive Vanessa Frank has been involved in the film industry first as an actress and then in production, distribution and international sales. At 31, she directed her first film, 'Let The Lion Roar,” starring Oscar nominated Eric Roberts, Stephen Baldwin, Kevin Sorbo and Grammy nominated singers Jaci Velasquez, Tim Rushlow and Jamie Grace. The film was an indie distribution success, with sales in 52 nations. Print 
About Film Talk 
Film Talk podcasts takes you inside the minds of some of the brightest filmmakers in the world. Learn from award-winning filmmakers as they teach the secrets to their success – the daily habits, routines and practices they employ to be the best in their industry. Guests include Oscar winners, Emmy Award winners, and Golden Globe winners. You can access the archive of all Film Talk podcasts here . 
Making independent films happen with Atit Shah 
Atit Shah is a film producer with five films releasing within the next 12 months, including 'Jekyll Island” starring Oscar-nominated Minnie Driver, Emmy Award-winner John Leguizamo, AnnaSophia Robb and Ed Westwick, and 'Money” starring Kellan Lutz. 
He is the CEO of Create Entertainment, and is represented by UTA. 
Breaking through as a female director with Melanie Aitkenhead 
Melanie Aitkenhead is the director of the reboot of 'Mother, May I Sleep With Danger?”, Oscar-nominated James Franco's retelling of the 1996 classic film of the same name. The film stars Tori Spelling, with a cameo by Franco and premiered on Lifetime. 
She's also the director of the film adaption of James Franco's popular novel 'Actors Anonymous,” which explores the lives of young actors in Hollywood and stars Franco alongside Oscar-nominated Eric Roberts, Keegan Allen and Scott Haze. 
Building the franchise with Scott Mitchell Rosenberg 
Scott Mitchell Rosenberg is the CEO of Platinum Studios, one of the world's largest independent libraries of comic book characters. Scott has played an integral role in creating one of the largest bibles in comic book history: the Platinum Studios 'Macroverse,” which includes anchor titles such as 'Cowboys & Aliens.” 
A constant innovator, Scott established Platinum in 1997, following a successful career as the founder of Malibu Comics, which sold to Marvel in 1994. At Malibu, Scott led many successful comic spinoffs into toys, television and feature films, including the billion-dollar film and television mega-hit, 'Men in Black.” 
The art of entrepreneurship with Kent Speakman 
Kent Speakman is a producer and entrepreneur at the intersection of entertainment and technology. Examiner.com has called him 'one of the most influential entrepreneurs in the entertainment industry.” He has won the iMedia Entertainment Marketing award for 'Best Digital Campaign” and 'Best Mobile Entertainment Startup,” and he was awarded Evan Carmichael's 'Top 100 Entrepreneurs to Follow” in 2013 preceded by the 'iMedia Top Ten Digital Marketers” in 2009. 
Kent founded KONNECT – a digital, mobile and experiential agency that works with startups, brands and entertainment properties – before he co-founded FAMEUS, a new social network that connects members of the entertainment industry in innovative ways with a unique technology and that was listed on the Huffington Post's 'Top 10 Startups in LA” in 2015. 
Kent has an international network of professionals and influencers, having orchestrated a variety of film and technology projects in Canada, the US, the United Kingdom, Asia and India. He has produced hundreds of events across Canada and the US, whilst working with clientele ranging from A-list celebrities, to tech mobile startups. 
The Legal Aspect of Filmmaking with Dan Satorius 
Dan Satorius is a world-class entertainment lawyer, with a practice that focuses principally on transactions, intellectual property, business structuring and financing. Furthermore, he is a nationally regarded attorney on clearance issues including Fair Use. His clients include Academy Award, Emmy Award, Independent Spirit Award, and Peabody Award-winning independent producers, writers and broadcasters in the film and television industry. 
After graduating from film school and law school, Dan produced award-winning documentaries and short dramatic films. His graduate thesis film was selected as a finalist for a student Academy Award. In addition to practicing entertainment law for more than 25 years, Dan has been an adjunct professor at William Mitchell School of Law where he taught Entertainment Law. 
Dan is an active member of the American Bar Association's Forum on the Entertainment and Sports Industries, Co-Vice Chair of the Film and Television Division, and a member of the Governing Committee.
ARTICLE

Print 
When Judith Gait met 'Father X,” it was a lopsided grief that drew them together. He had lost his only chance at fatherhood through an abortion years ago. Gait is a married mother of five, and long-term American resident in Britain. Her support of the pro-life movement is driven by 'thankfulness and praise” for life and her Christian faith. 
Witnessing abortion's heavy toll on the living and dead, Gait began to make the paintings almost no one else seemed to be doing. Subtle and working entirely with symbolism, these simple artworks avoid screaming about abortion. Rather, they mourn in color, symbol and tone with single shoes, broken cord, dead flowers and other lonely and broken things. 'Troubadours Sailing Hibiscus Seas”painting by Judith Gait, commentary by Father X 
When a friend first visited Gait's studio, he was struck by her abortion paintings. Confessing years of torment after his partner aborted his child, he wrote: 'I realize your work comes from a place of great love, for it attempts to give defenseless life the dignity and protection it never knew in our throw away culture.” 
Gait invited him to pray with her for his lost child. It happened to be the anniversary of the death of his baby, five years to the day. Father X remembers every detail. 
Their conversation grew into a joint effort, culminating in a book, ' Troubadours Sailing Hibiscus Seas: Meditations on Post Abortion Trauma .” Father X wanted to remain anonymous, as a place-setter for millions of unconsidered fathers in the acts of abortion. He wrote poetic and powerful statements for each of Gait's 30 paintings in this book, which have also been shown together in art exhibits. 
Time and neglect does not necessarily heal the wounds of abortion, Gait claims. Rather, 'the past refocuses into a sharper image and the pain through an iterative process of silence, guilt and remorse has not abated.” You can see that in the words of Father X, which run the gamut of human emotions. 'On Abortion: Shoe, Pot and Crosses”from 'Troubadours Sailing Hibiscus Seas” 
'Jonah of Nineveh” features an upended, single rose with red cords and funereal foliage. Flowers are 'already in the birth position, head down and waiting to be born.” Torn and shroud-like ribbons hang across the painting. Spirals represent a child's DNA helix and the 'veil of the Temple which has just been so rudely shaken down to its foundation.” Father X makes an analogy between Jonah fleeing 'parental responsibility” and eventual redemption – then veers off to his own personal engulfment in almost a stream of consciousness: 'It was her wedding dress, my sea green empress, this blue lagoon princess she slipped into her own heart of darkness on that day she decided to abort and when time really stopped in our lives. She was full of fear. …” 
In some of these works, hammers incongruently hang with flowers. They are bloody or blackened, some submerged underwater or hanging from a noose. Father X interprets these tools as decision markers, to either build or tear down. In 'Hammer of Decision,” it belongs to Thor, the war god 'infested with his one eyed wisdom of intrigue and destruction.” Wagner, the Olympics, 'sperm races,” Thomas Moore and Valkyries are all inducted into this choice by the author. Either the Carpenter's 'hammer of wisdom” or Thor's 'tool of chaos” will be chosen by expectant parents. 'Hammer, Suspended” 
' Troubadours ” runs from elegant poetry to sentiment over babies and an ad hoc theology. Striving to extend lives of children lost to abortion, the authors create a fantasy universe of possibilities. This includes moonlighting for angels, celestial games, 'interstellar wind-jammers” and a 'baby steamer sailing on children's seas,” among other delightful prospects. Lost and murdered infants in these tales pine for love or for a family in their Limbos. 
Father X occasionally speculates on spiritual issues outside the Bible or the treatment of abortion in other religions. Running from nursery rhymes and quotes to historical characters, these are not theological statements, but a type of literary yearning that seeks an answer to abortion. 
In Gait's 'Pink Rose” and 'Stardust,” we see empty fields, withered plants and other tokens. Father X takes off from here on fanciful trips for the lost children. He places them in a cosmic waiting rooms or dancing in circles, which is reflected in the painting. Children are disfigured, or missing eyes or arms and singing in 'low mournful tones” so as not to disturb their parents. Music is 'intense, equivalent to the sound created by Hildegard von Bingen (a 12th-century nun and composer). 'Troubadours Sailing Hibiscus Seas”painting by Judith Gait, commentary by Father X 
References to Mary as a mother are common, as well as other scriptural allusions. 'All babies jump for Jesus” in the womb (or in 'its sack of nibbling yoke”) writes Father X. Elizabeth's child John 'leapt for joy, just as his ancestor David did before the ark of the covenant,” he continues. 
Gait addresses the human embryo, finding Biblical, ethical or emotional arguments for its worth at all stages. Her 'Abbey Target Beginning” has a crosshair target, which is interpreted spiritually: 'The first target blastula conflates the first cellular divisions with the laver bread – the bread on fire with the Holy Spirit the same stage of development as the child in Mary's womb when she arrived at her cousin Elizabeth's house.” 
Post-abort guilt isn't rationalized or downplayed, but emotionally reacted to in art and word. Father X describes bats as whirling about 'in circles at the pitiful sound the [aborted] children make” because they are tuned to such distressing signals. This contrasts with many parents who are 'still stone deaf” to such mournful sounds. At another point, Father-X imputes the collective white noise of guilt to attacks of tinnitus, a roar of unwanted thoughts. 'Troubadours Sailing Hibiscus Seas”painting by Judith Gait, commentary by Father X 
Father X elaborates on what Gait hints in her paintings: the injustice and evil of abortion. He cites a world built on slavery before Christ's advent, and the works of such men as William Wilberforce and John Brown in furthering Christ's gospel of justice and peace. All this is contrasted to abortion throughout. 
Ruminating on Gait's 'Palms of our Lord,” Father X claims 'the face of the baby is in the midst of the ruins of the abortion. 'Palms” is murky, with a single, red hand print. 'To look at the after birth of an abortion is to read the Tarot of Ruins,” he continues. 
'Suicide” advances this dark theme, where Gait and Father X criticize the death industry and it's euphemistically named 'clinics.” He takes a few swings at the girl gangs of the glass ceilings: '… a caricature of a woman who made a mistake, who got herself in trouble, who has had an abortion and afterwards committed suicide in her heart.” 
But all isn't baleful and sad here. In 'Cloud Children,” Father X muses on paper dolls in Gait's paintings with this lovely thought: 'Where children go … is a mystery. … Some say they take their daytime rest in Christ's tomb in Jerusalem, and like him when their time is come they will ascend into heaven before a quire of angels and assembled Star Ships.” 
' Troubadours Sailing Hibiscus Seas ” is a work of meditation, grief counseling, poetry, social commentary and visual art. Father X may not reveal his identity here, but the reader comes to know intimate details about relationships and emotions surrounding the death of his only child. Gait and Father X describe their efforts as a 'silent prayer of witness for all the ghost families, those Phantoms of Sorrows, who will never laugh or cry together as a family, because of an abortion.” They hope that prying open the tightly locked matter of abortion will help to heal those who have had abortions or are victimized in some way. 
Judith Gait is a graduate of California College of Arts and Crafts and received a Masters at Oxford's Ruskin School of Fine Drawing. Her work is in public and private collections in America and abroad. She is an American citizen, residing in Britain. Father X is an addictions counselor and writer in Great Britain, who prefers to remain anonymous. 
'Troubadours Sailing Hibiscus Seas:Meditations on Post Abortion Trauma” is a coffee-table size, 103-page paper book, with 33 color-illustrations and related commentary. You can purchase it at Amazon U.S.
ARTICLE

Donations World wildlife 'falls by 58% in 40 years' Critic: 'They're trying to put this stuff in a blender and spew out a single number ... It's flawed' Published: 10 mins ago 
(BBC News) Global wildlife populations have fallen by 58% since 1970, a report says. 
The Living Planet assessment, by the Zoological Society of London (ZSL) and WWF, suggests that if the trend continues that decline could reach two-thirds among vertebrates by 2020. 
The figures suggest that animals living in lakes, rivers and wetlands are suffering the biggest losses. 
Human activity, including habitat loss, wildlife trade, pollution and climate change, is attributed to the declines.
ARTICLE

Boycott targets Trump family on retail front Participants shun GOP nominee's products, retailers who carry them Published: 18 mins ago 
(CBC) An eye-catching shoe piques your interest and draws you in. Upon closer inspection, the label leaps out at you — Ivanka Trump, in simple gold lettering — and you recoil as if stung. 
That's the kind of reaction behind a growing boycott of the products emblazoned with the brand of Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump as well as the popular, working women-targeted fashion line from his eldest daughter — who has arguably been his most influential and effective family member during the current election campaign.
ARTICLE

Obamacare tax penalty? I'll take it, millions say "Has not been large enough to motivate people to sign up for insurance' Published: 20 mins ago 
(New York Times) The architects of the Affordable Care Act thought they had a blunt instrument to force people — even young and healthy ones — to buy insurance through the law's online marketplaces: a tax penalty for those who remain uninsured. 
It has not worked all that well, and that is at least partly to blame for soaring premiums next year on some of the health law's insurance exchanges. 
The full weight of the penalty will not be felt until April, when those who have avoided buying insurance will face penalties of around $700 a person or more. But even then that might not be enough: For the young and healthy who are badly needed to make the exchanges work, it is sometimes cheaper to pay the Internal Revenue Service than an insurance company charging large premiums, with huge deductibles.
ARTICLE

2,700-year-old Hebrew mention of Jerusalem found Rare papyrus from 7th century B.C. refers to consignment of wineskins Published: 26 mins ago 
(Times of Israel) A rare, ancient papyrus dating to the First Temple Period — 2,700 years ago — has been found to bear the oldest known mention of Jerusalem in Hebrew. 
The fragile text, believed plundered from a cave in the Judean Desert cave, was apparently acquired by the Israel Antiquities Authority during a sting in 2012 when thieves attempted to sell it to a dealer. Radiocarbon dating has determined it is from the 7th century BCE, making it one of just three extant Hebrew papyri from that period, and predating the Dead Sea Scrolls by centuries. 
The IAA's Eitan Klein said the dating of the papyrus had been confirmed by comparing the text's orthography with other texts from the period.
ARTICLE

Donations World wildlife 'falls by 58% in 40 years' Critic: 'They're trying to put this stuff in a blender and spew out a single number ... It's flawed' Published: 28 mins ago 
(BBC News) Global wildlife populations have fallen by 58% since 1970, a report says. 
The Living Planet assessment, by the Zoological Society of London (ZSL) and WWF, suggests that if the trend continues that decline could reach two-thirds among vertebrates by 2020. 
The figures suggest that animals living in lakes, rivers and wetlands are suffering the biggest losses. 
Human activity, including habitat loss, wildlife trade, pollution and climate change, is attributed to the declines.
ARTICLE

Dems sue GOP over Trump's 'rigged' complaints Claim argument designed to suppress vote in minority communities Published: 33 mins ago 
(CNN) The Democratic National Committee is suing the Republican National Committee for aiding GOP nominee Donald Trump as he argues that the presidential election is 'rigged,” claiming that Trump's argument is designed to suppress the vote in minority communities. 
The suit, filed Wednesday in US District Court in New Jersey, argues that the RNC has not sufficiently rebuked Trump for the line of attack, which he has used as a rallying cry and is assumed to be a way to explain away a potential loss on Election Day. 
What (more) we've learned about Clinton's circle, Neera Tanden from email hack
ARTICLE

2,700-year-old Hebrew mention of Jerusalem found Rare papyrus from 7th century B.C. refers to consignment of wineskins Published: 39 mins ago 
(Times of Israel) A rare, ancient papyrus dating to the First Temple Period — 2,700 years ago — has been found to bear the oldest known mention of Jerusalem in Hebrew. 
The fragile text, believed plundered from a cave in the Judean Desert cave, was apparently acquired by the Israel Antiquities Authority during a sting in 2012 when thieves attempted to sell it to a dealer. Radiocarbon dating has determined it is from the 7th century BCE, making it one of just three extant Hebrew papyri from that period, and predating the Dead Sea Scrolls by centuries. 
The IAA's Eitan Klein said the dating of the papyrus had been confirmed by comparing the text's orthography with other texts from the period.
ARTICLE

Boycott targets Trump family on retail front Participants shun GOP nominee's products, retailers who carry them Published: 1 hour ago 
(CBC) An eye-catching shoe piques your interest and draws you in. Upon closer inspection, the label leaps out at you — Ivanka Trump, in simple gold lettering — and you recoil as if stung. 
That's the kind of reaction behind a growing boycott of the products emblazoned with the brand of Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump as well as the popular, working women-targeted fashion line from his eldest daughter — who has arguably been his most influential and effective family member during the current election campaign.
ARTICLE

Obamacare tax penalty? I'll take it, millions say "Has not been large enough to motivate people to sign up for insurance' Published: 1 hour ago 
(New York Times) The architects of the Affordable Care Act thought they had a blunt instrument to force people — even young and healthy ones — to buy insurance through the law's online marketplaces: a tax penalty for those who remain uninsured. 
It has not worked all that well, and that is at least partly to blame for soaring premiums next year on some of the health law's insurance exchanges. 
The full weight of the penalty will not be felt until April, when those who have avoided buying insurance will face penalties of around $700 a person or more. But even then that might not be enough: For the young and healthy who are badly needed to make the exchanges work, it is sometimes cheaper to pay the Internal Revenue Service than an insurance company charging large premiums, with huge deductibles.
ARTICLE

Dems sue GOP over Trump's 'rigged' complaints Claim argument designed to suppress vote in minority communities Published: 2 hours ago 
(CNN) The Democratic National Committee is suing the Republican National Committee for aiding GOP nominee Donald Trump as he argues that the presidential election is 'rigged,” claiming that Trump's argument is designed to suppress the vote in minority communities. 
The suit, filed Wednesday in US District Court in New Jersey, argues that the RNC has not sufficiently rebuked Trump for the line of attack, which he has used as a rallying cry and is assumed to be a way to explain away a potential loss on Election Day. 
What (more) we've learned about Clinton's circle, Neera Tanden from email hack
ARTICLE

Hillary emails 'whitelisted' for Obama's BlackBerry President could only receive messages from pre-approved accounts Published: 1 min ago 
(Fox News) President Obama's high-security BlackBerry used a special process known as 'whitelisting” that only allowed it to take calls and messages from pre-approved contacts, two former senior intelligence officials with knowledge of the set-up told Fox News – pointing to the detail as further proof the White House knew Hillary Clinton's private account was used for government business. 
As the administration now acknowledges, Obama and Clinton emailed each other while she was helming the State Department. If received on his BlackBerry, the 'whitelisting” safeguard means Clinton and other contacts would have had to be approved as secure for data transmission – covering everything from emails to texts to phone calls. The Obama BlackBerry would have also been configured to accept the communications. 
'Think of whitelisting like a bouncer in the VIP line at the party. If you are on the list you get in, if you are not, you get bounced to the pavement,” said Bob Gourley, former chief technology officer (CTO) for the DIA, and now a partner with strategic consulting and engineering firm Cognitio.
ARTICLE

Support for 'assault-weapon' ban hits record low Even widely opposed by those who don't even own guns Published: 3 mins ago 
(The Federalist) Support for a so-called assault weapons ban in the U.S. just hit a record low of 36 percent, according to a new Gallup poll released on Wednesday. The poll showed that 61 percent of American adults now oppose a ban. That level of opposition is the highest ever recorded. 
Increasing opposition to the 1990's-era gun ban isn't just limited to Republicans. Gallup's data show that opposition to the ban has increased across the board. Barely 50 percent of Democrats currently support the ban today, compared to 63 percent support from Democrats in 1996, just two years after the federal ban was signed into law. Less than a third of independents currently support a ban, while Republican support hovers at 25 percent.
ARTICLE

Pope: 'God promised the land to people of Israel' Statement seen as repudiation of UNESCO denial of Jewish ties to Temple Mount Published: 8 mins ago 
(Jerusalem Post) God promised the Holy Land to the people of Israel, Pope Francis said during a public address at the Vatican in Rome on Wednesday in a speech about migration. 
'The people of Israel, who from Egypt, where they were enslaved, walked through the desert for forty years until they reached the land promised by God,” he said. 
Pope Francis spoke just before granting a brief audience to Israeli Deputy Minister for Regional Cooperation Ayoub Kara to thank him for his efforts on behalf of the Church and Christians in Israel.
ARTICLE

Christ's burial place exposed for 1st time in centuries Restorers uncover stone slab venerated as resting place of Jesus Published: 11 mins ago 
(National Geographic) For the first time in centuries, scientists have exposed the original surface of what is traditionally considered the tomb of Jesus Christ. Located in the Church of the Holy Sepulchre in the Old City of Jerusalem, the tomb has been covered by marble cladding since at least 1555 A.D., and most likely centuries earlier. 
'The marble covering of the tomb has been pulled back, and we were surprised by the amount of fill material beneath it,” said Fredrik Hiebert, archaeologist-in-residence at the National Geographic Society, a partner in the restoration project. 'It will be a long scientific analysis, but we will finally be able to see the original rock surface on which, according to tradition, the body of Christ was laid.”
ARTICLE

Prof: Canoes reek of genocide, white privilege Craft has long been symbol of Canadian identity Published: 14 mins ago 
(Heat Street) Forget Halloween costumes and yoga, there's a new symbol of cultural appropriation—the canoe. 
According to Misao Dean, Professor of English at the University of Victoria, the canoe can be a symbol of colonialism, imperialism and genocide due to history. She also accused the canoers of cultural appropriation because they are primarily white men and have a privileged place in society. 
In a radio interview for CBC Radio, which wasn't picked by the Internet until several months later, she claimed 'we have a whole set of narratives that make the canoe into a kind of morally untouchable symbol, something that seems natural, that seems ordinary, and seems to promote values that we ascribe to.”
ARTICLE

Teens walk free after gang-rape conviction Judge said group who left girl, 14, for dead appeared 'repentant' Published: 20 mins ago 
(Deutsche Welle) In the wake of the news that a group of teenagers were unlikely to see any real punishment for gang-raping a 14-year-old girl and leaving her for dead, citizens of the German city of Hamburg called for new rules regarding violent crime committed by minors. On Monday, an online petition calling for the teens to see jail time had garnered some 21,000 signatures. 
'The sexual self-determination and integrity of a woman must have more weight than any concern for the perpetrators,” [of sexual crimes,] says the petition. 
According to an update on the Change.org petition, state prosecutors in Hamburg have said they will explore a way to make sure that the teens are punished despite laws that make it difficult for minors to be prosecuted and sentenced to detention.
ARTICLE

School named for Munich-massacre mastermind Terrorist glorified at 3 other campuses in Gaza Published: 19 mins ago 
(Tower) The Palestinian Authority is naming a school after the mastermind of the 1972 Munich Olympics massacre, Palestinian Media Watch (PMW) reported Tuesday. 
A school in the West Bank city of Tulkarem has been named 'the Martyr Salah Khalaf School” in memory of the leader of the Black September terrorist group. Khalaf, who was also known as Abu Iyad, planned the attack on the Israeli Olympic compound during the 1972 Munich Olympics, which led to the deaths of 11 Israeli athletes and coaches. Khalaf also had a role in the 1973 takeover of the American embassy in Khartoum, Sudan, which ended in the killing of two American diplomats.
ARTICLE

WARS AND RUMORS OF WARS Russia unveils 'Satan 2' missile Nuclear weapon could wipe out France or Texas, report says Published: 7 hours ago 
(CNN) A Russian missile design company has unveiled the first image of a new weapon in Russia's arsenal: the Sarmat intercontinental ballistic missile, nicknamed 'Satan 2.” 
The RS-28 Sarmat rocket 'is capable of wiping out parts of the earth the size of Texas or France,” Russian state news outlet Sputnik reported in May. 
The image was published by the Makeyev Rocket Design Bureau on its website. 
Russian Deputy Defense Minister Yuri Borsiov said the Sarmat warhead was capable of destroying targets flying across both North and South Poles, Russian state news agency TASS reported Tuesday.
ARTICLE

Check out Hillary-themed 'haunted house' Anti-Clinton yard signs label Clinton 'liar,' 'criminal,' 'murderer' Published: 36 mins ago 
(Fox News) Just in time for Halloween, a New York home has been turned into a Hillary Clinton-themed 'haunted house.” 
Facebook user Brian McKibbin posted a video of the residence in Bellmore, Nassau County, and it's quickly gone viral. 
It shows a front yard covered with pro-Donald Trump and anti-Clinton signs, labeling her a 'liar,”'criminal” and 'murderer.” 
Since the video was posted last week, it's been viewed more than 2.3 million times.
ARTICLE

Good Samaritan wearing Indian headdress disarms gunman 'Just trying to go get some weed ... and saw someone who could use help' Published: 39 mins ago 
(Portland Mercury) The city's TV news crews were abuzz last night with news that a young man in a Native American headdress had disarmed a gunman at the MAX stop near East Burnside and 102nd. 
According to cops, a teen suspect was on the train when he was confronted by an adult man he knew. An argument ensued, and the teen wound up firing two shots on the train. KGW reports the headdress-donning stranger waiting at the MAX stop, who goes by Rambo Richardson, 'overpowered the gunman, took his weapon and held him down.” 
Richardson, on Facebook, adds to that account. In a string of posts and replies, Richardson—who says he's a member of the Haliwa-Saponi tribe and hails originally from North Carolina—says he was 'just trying to go get some weed from Oregon's Best Meds and saw someone who could use help, so i did what I would want someone to do for me…”
ARTICLE

Skype sex scam – a fortune built on shame Moroccan boomtown getting rich from men tricked on Internet Published: 46 mins ago 
(BBC News) One night a young Palestinian man living abroad fell victim to an online scam, involving a web camera and a beautiful woman. Here Samir (not his real name) tells the story of how he was trapped – and below the BBC's Reda el Mawy visits the Moroccan boomtown where many of the scammers are based. 
WARNING: this story contains descriptions of sexual acts 
It happened when I was home alone. This girl added me on Facebook. I didn't think it was anything strange – I often get friend requests from old school friends who I don't know well. 
The next day she sends me a message: 'Hi, how are you? I saw your profile and I liked you.” So I looked at her profile and, I mean, she was really hot.
