ARTICLE


From BizPac Review: 
Newly released emails from Wikileaks show Hillary Clinton staffers debating how they can best use the death of a black man to further their agenda. 
The email began as a request for an essay by Clinton from Marie Claire who was partnering with Harvard University on a study about women and guns but it quickly devolved into brainstorming ideas on how to push the campaign's anti-gun and racial narratives. 
The team began discussing an article published in 'The Guardian' where the mother of Jordan Davis, a black teenager murdered by a white man for playing music loud, called the killing a 'legal lynching' despite the fact that the murderer, Michael David Dunn, was convicted and sentenced to life in prison. 
De'Ara Balenger, the director of engagement for 'Hillary for America' could hardly contain her excitement. 
'This is great,' she wrote. 'The only flag here is that Jordan Davis was killed by a white man, so arguably '“ this crime was racially motivated, which takes this outside the discussion of gun violence. 
See the email below: 
Imagine if a Republican staffer had said this. shares 
ARTICLE

WHAT? Some Cities Are Now Pushing For Noncitizen Immigrants TO VOTE shares 
Every time Donald Trump suggests the election could be rigged in some way, Democrats and their many media allies scoff and laugh, then accuse Trump of promoting conspiracy theories. 
At the same time, the left is trying to steal the election in broad daylight. 
Bloomberg reports: 
Some Cities Want Their Noncitizen Immigrants to Vote 
'Look at illegal immigrants voting all over the country,' Donald Trump recently claimed in a Fox News interview, part of his ongoing effort to cast doubt on the integrity of the presidential election. There's no evidence to support the Republican nominee's claims of election fraud, but some cities are moving to expand voting rights to include noncitizens. 
The latest is San Francisco, where the Nov. 8 ballot will include a measure allowing the parents or legal guardians of any student in the city's public schools to vote in school board elections. The right would be extended to those with green cards, visas, or no documentation at all. 'One out of three kids in the San Francisco unified school system has a parent who is an immigrant, who is disenfranchised and doesn't have a voice,' says San Francisco Assemblyman David Chiu, the son of Taiwanese immigrants. 'We've had legal immigrants who've had children go through the entire K-12 system without having a say.' Undocumented immigrants should also have the right, Chiu adds, to bypass the 'broken immigration system in this country.' 
Noncitizen voting isn't as radical as it might sound. For more than half of U.S. history, from 1776 until the 1920s, noncitizens were widely permitted to participate in elections. 'We had 40 states that used to allow it,' says Ron Hayduk, an associate professor of political science at San Francisco State University. 'Immigrants could vote, not just in local elections,' he says. 'They could even run for office'”and did win office.' The hope, Hayduk says, was that immigrants would feel more invested in civic life if they were able to participate in American democracy. 
Do you think Democrats would want non-citizens to vote if they tended to vote Republican? 
Of course not. 
The Democrat party is a criminal enterprise and they'll do whatever they have to do to win. shares 
ARTICLE

WOW! Trump Ties Hillary To Pervert Anthony Weiner in New Ad (VIDEO) shares Facebook 
In these final days of the election the gloves have truly come off. Trump has just released a new ad which ties Hillary's email scandal and the new FBI investigation to Anthony Weiner, the husband of Hillary aide Huma Abedin. 
The Washington Examiner reports: 
New Trump ad targets 'pervert' Anthony Weiner, dubs Clinton 'unfit to serve' 
Donald Trump's campaign has capitalized on the latest developments surrounding Hillary Clinton's private email server, releasing a new television ad on Thursday that ties the Democratic presidential hopeful directly to disgraced ex-Congressman Anthony Weiner. 
Weiner, the estranged husband of top Clinton aide Huma Abedin, came back to haunt Democrats last week after FBI officials uncovered more than 650,000 new emails on a device of his, some of which may have originated from Clinton's unsecured server. The discovery led FBI Director James Comey to reopen the agency's investigation into Clinton's handling of classified material. 
'Hillary Clinton is under FBI investigation again after her emails were found on pervert Anthony Weiner's laptop,' says the narrator of the 30-second ad, which the Trump campaign titled 'Unfit.' 
Watch the ad below: 
Ouch! That's gonna leave a mark! shares 
ARTICLE


'” Della Melton (@DellaMelton57) November 7, 2016 Here's the crowd to see Trump in Michigan tonight. WOW! This is a MOVEMENT! In 2 days we are going to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain ! pic.twitter.com/WRj0VKQemn 
'” Students for Trump (@SoCal4Trump) November 7, 2016 View of the crowd watching Trump tonight in Michigan pic.twitter.com/8Hsibo968U 
'” Chris Snyder (@ChrisSnyderFox) November 7, 2016 Trump invited a group of kids on stage in Michigan! Crowd shouts 'USA! USA!' pic.twitter.com/2pA5Lyl0Hk 
'” Asa J ðŸ‡ºðŸ‡¸ (@asamjulian) November 7, 2016 25,000 for Trump in Michigan.Michigan is going red this year. pic.twitter.com/WbEfBcq3SQ 
'” Top Capitalist ðŸ‡ºðŸ‡¸ (@TopCapitalist) November 7, 2016 360 degrees @realDonaldTrump rally Sterling Heights, Michigan. Raucous crowd spilled out of amphitheater #Campaign2016 #Trump pic.twitter.com/2P3sWWAB0G 
'” Major Garrett (@MajorCBS) November 7, 2016 500+ days of campaigning across America '“ comes down to just 2 days before the biggest election of our lifetime. This was MICHIGAN tonight. pic.twitter.com/BoUQoz3HJV 
'” Dan Scavino Jr. (@DanScavino) November 7, 2016 
Amazing! 
ARTICLE

WHAT? Leftist Protester Going Nuts On CNN Over Hillary Loss WAS A CNN CAMERAMAN? (VIDEO) shares Facebook 
Is CNN using their own crew members as fake protesters? Earlier today, we posted a video of a Hillary supporter having a total meltdown on CNN last night. 
In a slightly longer version of the clip you can watch below, CNN's Don Lemon remarks at the end of the video that he knows the man and that he's a CNN cameraman. 
Lemon says: 
'Brian, you know I used to live there and I know that guy, that's John [last name]. He actually went to Africa with me as a cameraman but anyway, that's another story.' 
Watch the clip to the end: CNN outs themselves as using their own cameramen as fake protesters pic.twitter.com/APanvukid6 
How does CNN ever recover their credibility after this election? 
They failed so badly! 
ARTICLE

LOL! Remember When Obama Told Trump He'd Never Be President? (VIDEO) shares 
Just a few weeks ago on Jimmy Kimmel's show, Obama mocked Donald Trump saying he'd never be president. The audience laughed and cheered. Everyone was so sure Obama was right. 
The Daily Beast reported: 
Obama Fires Back at Trump's Mean Tweets on 'Jimmy Kimmel Live' 
For the second time in two years, Obama read some 'mean tweets' about himself on Jimmy Kimmel Live, including one that called him 'the Nickelback of presidents' and another that compared him to Sharknado: 'Loud, stupid and over-hyped!' 
But the inevitable kicker came when Obama read one from Donald Trump. 'President Obama will go down as perhaps the worst president in the history of the United States!' Trump once wrote of the president. 'Really? Well, @realDonaldTrump, at least I will go down as a president,' Obama replied. 
Here's the video: 
Things look a little different now, don't they? shares 
ARTICLE

IT'S ABOUT TIME: Maryland School Official Declares End To Student Trump Protests With No Consequences shares Facebook 
Students at a Maryland high school staged a walkout to protest the election of Trump on Monday. They ended up blocking a highway in the process, which is incredibly dangerous. 
One school official has now said enough is enough. Students who try to protest during school time will suffer consequences. Better late than never, right? 
Conservative Review reports: 
Party's over, kids: MD school official declares end to consequence-free Trump protests 
A Maryland school official is finally promising disciplinary action for students who protest during school hours after student-led anti-Trump protests turned violent Wednesday morning in Rockville, Md. 
Montgomery County Public Schools Superintendent Jack Smith is 'asking and expecting all students to remain in school and participate in the daily educational program as intended,' WTOP in Washington, D.C., reports. Students that refuse to attend class 'may be subjected to the regular disciplinary actions that align with whatever infraction is involved.' 
Earlier this week, hundreds of students from Richard Montgomery High School carried signs reading 'Love Trumps Hate' and made their way to the local courthouse chanting in protest of Donald Trump's election. During the protest, a 15-year-old boy wearing a 'Make America Great Again' hat was attacked by four students, unprovoked. (Just the latest incident nationwide.) 
Hopefully, other schools will follow suit. 
When did this become acceptable for schoolchildren in the first place? 
ARTICLE

LOL! Social Justice Warriors Were Triggered By This 'GENDER IDENTITY' Joke On Saturday Night Live shares Facebook 
Saturday Night Live definitely leans left, they love to make fun of conservatives. But every once in a while they poke fun at the left. In this case, they made a joke about gender identity on the dating application Tinder. They also pulled the election into it. 
In case you didn't see it, here's the joke: 
Social justice warriors on Twitter were not happy: What the fuck is this @SNLUpdate pic.twitter.com/Q3PTZghM5g 
'” Sam Escobar ðŸ‘» (@myhairisblue) November 21, 2016 Trans & gender nonconforming people are more likely to be harassed, attacked, abused, discriminated against '” but yeah. LOL DEMS! @SNLUpdate 
'” Sam Escobar ðŸ‘» (@myhairisblue) November 21, 2016 Dear @ColinJost and @nbcsnl : thank you so much for supporting the erasure of non-cis people. Thanks for actively contributing to oppression. 
'” Sam Escobar ðŸ‘» (@myhairisblue) November 21, 2016 @ColinJost i don't think, as a professional comedian, it can possibly escape you how this joke is punching way way down. 
'” Emma Phipps (@phippsdontlie) November 22, 2016 @ColinJost You wish you had a point. Instead it's just tired old LGBT-shaming disguised as edgy commentary. 
'” Louis Virtel (@louisvirtel) November 22, 2016 The fallout of this election has been a beautiful destruction. Intolerance is everywhere and it is eye opening to the masses. https://t.co/BbdFsO1Frh And before you say its "just a joke," here are 2 reminders:1) jokes like these normalize oppression2) SNL doesn't know how to write jokes. 
'” Sam Escobar ðŸ‘» (@myhairisblue) November 21, 2016 
Lighten up, snowflakes! 
The actor in the skit ultimately responded: @PWRBTTMBAND so you think 100 percent of Trump voters were hatred and 0 percent had any other rationale? 
'” Colin Jost (@ColinJost) November 22, 2016 @PWRBTTMBAND It's politics. A lot of politics is messaging and getting America on board. I want to examine how we failed at that goal. 
'” Colin Jost (@ColinJost) November 22, 2016 @PWRBTTMBAND I worry about not doing any self-examination and making the same mistake again. 
'” Colin Jost (@ColinJost) November 22, 2016 
Wow. It looks like Colin Jost is way ahead of the Democratic Party. shares 
