ARTICLE

Military Operation to Retake Mosul From Daesh ( 91 ) 0 13 0 0 Hundreds of Yazidi hostages are being held captive by Daesh in Mosul, and the Yazidis hope the impending operation there will liberate them, Yezidi representative of the Regional Government of Iraqi Kurdistan Xeyri Bozan told Sputnik Turkiye. © AFP 2016/ Safin Hamed 'Their Persecution Never Stops': The Forgotten Yazidis Still Held by Daesh Thousands of Yazidi hostages are still in the hands of Daesh, more than two years after the terror group attacked the predominantly Yadizi town of Sinjar , in north-west Iraq. 
In August 2014 Daesh overran the town and the surrounding areas, massacred 5,000 Yazidi men and took thousands of people hostage. 
More than 40,000 Yazidis were forced to flee to the Sinjar mountains, where they were surrounded by Daesh forces and dependent on helicopter drops of food and water. 
Xeyri Bozan, Yezidi representative of the Office of Religious Affairs of the Regional Government of Iraqi Kurdistan , told Sputnik Turkiye that dozens of Yazidis from Sinjar were rescued during recent anti-terror operations in Iraq and Syria. 
"We were able to carry out a special operation to free 70 Yazidis held captive by Daesh. The majority of them are women and children," Bozan said. "The militants were holding them in Mosul, Hawija and Tall Afar in Iraq, and Raqqa in Syria. The Yazidis who were saved were residents of Sinjar. We brought them home to their relatives and close ones. Some of them, in accordance with their wishes, were taken to refugee camps," Bozan said. 
On the second anniversary of the Sinjar attack on August 3, the UN reported that more than 3,200 women and children are still held by the terror group and being subjected to almost-unimaginable violence. 
Bozan said that many of them are being held in Mosul, approximately 120 km east of Sinjar. EXCLUSIVE VIDEO: Yazidi Activists Release Daesh Prisoner From Sex Captivity The Iraqi army, Kurdish Peshmerga fighters and allied forces have been advancing for more than a week in preparation for an assault on Mosul, the terror group's last major urban stronghold in Iraq. "More than 3,000 Yazidis are still being held by Daesh fighters, who are waiting to be rescued. In particular, hundreds of Yazidi prisoners are being held in Mosul. We intend to make every effort to ensure their release as soon as possible," Bozan said. 
As well as the Iraqi National Army and the Peshmerga, several other groups are supporting the assault on Mosul, including the largely Shiite Popular Mobilization Units, which are reportedly bombing Daesh tunnels. Yazidi self-defense forces have also taken up arms against the Daesh terror group, including an all-female battalion . ...
ARTICLE

Britain and EU After Brexit ( 31 ) 0 13 0 0 Brexit prompts the Unietd Kingdom to facilitate trade relations with non-EU states including Russia, the Russo-British Chamber of Commerce (RBCC) chairman told Sputnik. 
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — Leaving the European Union and losing access to the single market encourages Britain to develop trade with Russia and other non-EU states, Roger Munnings, the Russo-British Chamber of Commerce (RBCC) chairman, told Sputnik on Wednesday. "There are at least two years to go before we leave the European Union, but I think the way Britain is looking at it is that it gives us a chance to be completely open to all countries in the world, including Russia. We'll need to look for other trading partners rather than being confined to the European Union by virtue of the free trade arrangement, so we will be very keen to do trade with Russia," Munnings said on the sidelines of the RBCC RussiaTALK Investment Forum in Moscow. 
He added that although there was sanctions regime in place against Moscow, at the same time the British government encourages trade with Russia. © Photo: PIxabay UK FinMin Upholds Economic Stimuli to Quell Concerns Over 'Hard Brexit' On June 23, the United Kingdom voted on referendum to leave the European Union . On October 2, UK Prime Minister Theresa May said that the country would trigger Article 50 of the EU Lisbon Treaty by the end of March 2017 to start the official procedures to cease its EU membership.
A number of EU leaders have already stated that the United Kingdom will lose its access to the single market unless it keeps freedom of movement rules. May, meanwhile, suggested at the Conservative party conference in early October that the country's exit from the European Union would be a "hard" rather than "soft" Brexit, meaning that control over immigration would be prioritized over the access to the European single market. ...
ARTICLE

Get short URL 0 43 0 0 The White House spokesperson explained why Washington abstained from a UN resolution ending the US blockade of the Carribean nation. 
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) — The United States abstained from a UN resolution against the US blockade of Cuba as a demonstration that the decades-old policy of isolation of the Caribbean island nation did not work, White House spokesperson Josh Earnest told reporters on Wednesday. "The [United Nations] resolution is an excellent example of why US policy of isolation toward Cuba didn't work. It was in place for five decades and, as measured by actions within the United Nations, served to isolate the United States, not Cuba," Earnest told reporters. ...
ARTICLE

Get short URL 0 6 0 0 US Department of State spokeswoman Julia Mason said that Washington is fully confident that bilateral relations with Philippines remain strong, including in trade, investment and remittances. © AFP 2016/ THOMAS PETER Philippines Understands China, Not US Its 'Real Friend' WASHINGTON (Sputnik) — The United States expects the current government of the Philippines to continue fulfilling the country's obligations under a military alliance with Washington, Department of State spokeswoman Julia Mason told Sputnik on Wednesday. 'US forces have been providing support and assistance in the southern Philippines for many years, at the request of several different Philippine administrations,' Mason said. 'We will continue to honor our alliance commitments, and we expect the Philippines to do the same. We will work closely with the government of the Philippines to address any concerns they may have.' 
She emphasized that the countries' military-to-military relationship remains robust and multifaceted, including joint work on matters of national security as well as responses to natural disasters and other crises. 
The State Department spokeswoman's remarks follow statements by Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte earlier Wednesday that all foreign military forces would be withdrawn from his country within two years. 'We've seen a lot of this sort of troubling rhetoric recently, and this is not a positive trend,' Mason said. 'This recent string of comments does not reflect the warmth, breadth and depth of the US-Philippines partnership.' © REUTERS/ Ng Han Guan/Pool Philippines Turning Away From 'Unilateral Ties' With US to 'Diversified Contacts' With China, Russia Mason stressed that Washington is fully confident that bilateral relations remain strong, including in trade, investment and remittances. 'As we have stated, we continue to focus on our broad relationship with the Philippines and will work together in the many areas of mutual interest to improve the livelihoods of the Philippine people and uphold our shared democratic values,' she explained. 
Duterte made his statement during a three-day visit to Japan, Mason noted. 'We welcome the Philippines having strong, productive relationships with other neighbors in the Asia-Pacific region,' she said. 'This is not a zero-sum game; we don't think that the Philippines, or indeed any country, should choose between good relations with the US and with another partner.' 
Duterte recently said it was time for Manila to "say goodbye" to the United States' long use of Philippine land for military bases, and on a visit to Beijing he announced his country was separating from the United States in order to realign with China. ...
ARTICLE

0 69 1 0 The Buffalo-based Roswell Park Cancer Institute will launch a revolutionary cancer treatment method developed by Cuban scientists. 
NEW YORK (Sputnik) — The Buffalo-based Roswell Park Cancer Institute will launch a groundbreaking Cuban-developed lung cancer treatment, New York Governor Andrew Cuomo announced on Wednesday. "With Roswell Park at the forefront of world-renowned medical research, we are this much closer to making a breakthrough that will combat cancer and save lives," Cuomo stated. "This latest milestone marks another chapter in Buffalo's success story, and we look forward to seeing the impacts of this partnership resonate in New York and across the nation." On #LungHealthDay , proud to announce a @RoswellPark partnership that will work on #CIMAVax , an immunotherapy for lung cancer pic.twitter.com/ROuDF30HeP — Andrew Cuomo (@NYGovCuomo) 26 октября 2016 г. 
With over 25 years in research, Cuba has developed a potentially life-saving vaccine for lung cancer that has already shown hopeful results in various countries, according to the statement. The vaccine has been reportedly used to treat more than 4,000 lung cancer patients who took part in clinical trials worldwide. Scientists Unleash Teeny Tiny Little Soldiers in Fight Against Breast Cancer During a visit to Cuba last year, Cuomo secured a partnership between Roswell Park and Havana's Center of Molecular Immunology.
Funded primarily by Roswell Park Alliance Foundation, the Buffalo center in the first and only in the United States to offer the clinical trial for the treatment, according to the statement. ...
ARTICLE

Western Sanctions Against Russia ( 649 ) 0 42 0 0 Western sanctions damage the Russian economy but do not work as a political tool, a former Russian finance minister said. 
KRASNAYA POLYANA (Russia), (Sputnik) — The sanctions imposed on the Russian economy cost the country up to 1 percent of the GDP growth every year but they do not work as an instrument of political influence, former Russian Finance Minister Alexei Kudrin said Wednesday. "Russia bears significant expenses because of the sanctions. I always mention the figure from 0.8 percent to 1 percent of the GDP growth that is not achieved… annually. That's why the words that the sanctions are insignificant are not true. They have a significant impact on our economy, growth and living standards," Kudrin told reporters. 
The former minister added at the same time the sanctions were not effective as a political tool. "It is another matter that [the sanctions] as the political tool do not function, do not work. I agree with this. It has not influenced our policy at all," Kudrin added. 
Following the the beginning of the Ukrainian crisis, the European Union and the United States accused Moscow of meddling in Kiev's internal affairs and imposed several rounds of sanctions against Russia, as well as decreasing the general level of cooperation with Russia. The Russian authorities have refuted the allegations, warning that the Western measures are counterproductive. ...
ARTICLE

Get short URL 0 23 0 0 The integration of Crimea into the Russian legal and administrative systems is a complex process, but the majority of the key issues have already been addressed, Russian President Vladimir Putin said Wednesday. 
YALTA (Russia), (Sputnik) — During the All-Russia People's Front forum in Crimea, Putin said: "There are a lot of questions and small problems, which are invisible at first glance. The federal authorities try to do something themselves, but they do not know the local conditions… That's why the question of entering, as I said, the Russian legal and administrative framework has turned out to be a difficult process, but we have practically overcome the main issues." 
The president also noted that one of the main impediments to progress has been the fact that local authorities, who have volunteered to oversee the integration, "do not know how the laws and the system of Russia are organized." Putin: Drinking Water Issue in Crimea No Longer Acute The two-day regional All-Russia People's Front forum, called the 'Forum of action. Crimea,' covered issues of energy, gas supplies, development of agricultural industry and other promising sectors of the economy.
Crimea , Russia's historical southern region, seceded from Ukraine to rejoin Russia in March 2014. Almost 97 percent of the region's population voted for reunification in a referendum. Sevastopol, which has a federal city status, supported the move by 95.6 percent of votes. The referendum was held after a coup in Ukraine in February 2014. ...
ARTICLE

0 9 0 0 The US is training Syrian opposition for the operation to retake Raqqa from Daesh terrorists. 
WASHINGTON(Sputnik) — US forces are on the ground in Syria, equipping, advising, and training Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) and partners for the operation to isolate and then retake the Daesh stronghold of Raqqa, Coalition Commander Lt. Gen. Stephen Townsend said at a briefing Wednesday. 'I will not talk about locations where our US forces are in Syria but they are there," Townsend stated. "They equip and train at various locations, and we have advise and assist teams that will accompany partner forces anywhere they fight Daesh." © AFP 2016/ AHMAD AL-RUBAYE US Soldier Uses Kalashnikov to Show Yezidis How to Repel Daesh in Sinjar (EXCLUSIVE VIDEO) On Tuesday, US Secretary of Defense Ashton Carter said that "capable, motivated" local Syrian forces would lead the offensive on the city.
Raqqa operation is expected to overlap with the offensive to retake Iraq's Mosul , according to the Defense Department. 
Daesh, which is outlawed in Russia and other countries, seized Mosul in 2014 and Raqqa in 2013 along with a number of other cities and towns in the two countries. ...
ARTICLE

Get short URL 0 0 0 0 White House spokesperson Josh Earnest said that the outgoing president and the incoming president of the United States will work effectively together to ensure a seamless transition. © AP Photo/ Julio Cortez 2016 US Presidential Election Costs May Exceed Record $6.6Bln WASHINGTON (Sputnik) — Despite rhetoric used in the current US presidential election, Americans should be confident in the process and that there will be a peaceful transition of power, White House spokesperson Josh Earnest said in a press briefing on Wednesday. "The American people should draw some confidence from the idea that we can engage in a vigorous debate in this country, and then when the votes are tallied… the outgoing president and the incoming president will work effectively together to ensure a seamless transition," Earnest stated. 
The 2016 campaign between US presidential candidates Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump has been marked by hostile rhetoric and personal insults. 
Additionally, Trump said in the third and final presidential debate on October 19 that he would first look at the election result before deciding whether to accept it. © REUTERS/ Mike Segar Could Trump Be Right Just This Once? US Voters Concerned Over Election Fraud The comment prompted concerns among commentators that Trump would undermine the peaceful transfer of power that is a hallmark of US elections.
The White House later said Obama would personally escort Trump to the US Capitol for his inauguration if the Republican is elected president. 
Trump, but also numerous other critics, have claimed that the election is rigged and pointed to failures of the US election system to prevent voter fraud. Some of the criticisms include the lack of mechanism to verify that individuals are legally entitled to vote as well as to keep people from voting more than once. 
Moreover, critics have raised the issue of voting machines being highly vulnerable to manipulation and hacking. ...
ARTICLE

0 5 0 0 Field tests on the device are expected to begin in 2017. 
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) — A device being developed will attach to a soldier's upper and lower legs to generate electricity that is needed to power a growing array of high-tech gadgets in a soldier's backpack, the US Army announced in a press release on Wednesday. "Just by walking, soldiers could generate power," the Natick Soldier Research, Development and Engineering Center's Project Engineer Noel Soto said in the release. "We are converting the movement of the knees when you walk into useful power." 
Field tests on the device are expected to begin in 2017, the release explained. Progressive Soft Exoskeleton: as Comfortable as Everyday Pants (VIDEO) "The goal is to reduce the amount of batteries used by soldiers, or to be able to extend the mission with the same load," Soto noted. "Soldiers are carrying a heavy load and a lot of that weight, 16 to 20 pounds for a 72-hour mission, is due to batteries."
Soldiers now carry multiple electronic devices that aid in strategy, communication and navigation, including computers, radios, mobile phones, battlefield situational displays and navigation tools, according to the release. ...
ARTICLE

Get short URL 0 44 0 0 Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov is no stranger to driving a good point home. Speaking to representatives of the Association of European Businesses in Moscow on Tuesday, Russia's top diplomat explained how Western countries have absolutely contradictory approaches to virtually identical problems in Yemen and Ukraine. 
At the meeting, Lavrov devoted a great deal of his speech to the subject of the crisis in Ukraine, the issue which effectively sparked the crisis in relations between Western countries and Russia, and resulted in tens of billions of dollars in economic losses for both sides, not to mention heightened military tensions. © Sputnik/ Vladimir Sergeev Saving Face: 'West's Attitude to Crimea Will Not Change' After US Elections Pointing out the difference in approach to Western policy in response to the crises in Ukraine and that in present-day Yemen, the foreign minister effectively schooled Western officials for their illogical behavior.
Lavrov recalled that when Yemen faced a coup in September 2014, and Yemeni President Hadi fled to neighboring Saudi Arabia, Western politicians reacted by demanding the reinstatement of the country's legitimate president. However, facing the exact same situation in Ukraine in February 2014, US and European leaders reacted very differently. "For over two years, the international community has been demanding that President Hadi be returned to Yemen and his legitimacy be reaffirmed," Lavrov recalled. "But our European colleagues, who share this view, remain silent when we ask them why the same principled approach cannot be applied to Ukraine." 
Lavrov pointed out that two-and-a-half years ago, the foreign ministers of France, Germany and Poland brokered a deal between Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych and the opposition, promising early elections in exchange for his security and an end to riots in the streets of Kiev. But just hours after the deal was signed, Yanukovych was ousted, and forced to flee in fear for his life. Apparently, the diplomat said, European officials "have more respect for Yemen and its political system than for Ukraine, where experiments can continue it seems. Ukraine has been suffering from this for several decades now." ...
ARTICLE

Get short URL 0 4 0 0 The unique properties of the Caspian Sea has dogged decades of negotiations on the status of the body of water, political scientist Vladimir Sazhin told Sputnik Persian. Russian Defense Ministry Russian Caspian Flotilla Ships Successfully Complete Kalibr Missile Drill This week the 47th Session of the Special Working Group (SWG) on the development of the Convention on the Legal Status of the Caspian Sea met in Tehran, where deputy foreign ministers of the Caspian states met to discuss a possible agreement on the Sea's status.
Since 1991, the five Caspian Sea countries have made agreements on a range of areas including the environment, the protection of marine resources, security, co-operation in the case of emergency situations and military activities in the lake. 
In practice, they have come to agreement regarding the division of the water surface into sovereign zones. According to this agreement, the five Caspian countries have the right to exploit marine resources up to 25 miles from their coast. This includes 15 nautical miles which constitutes national waters, plus another ten nautical miles in which each state has the exclusive right to fishing. The rest of the water is considered international. 
Political analyst Vladimir Sazhin told Sputnik Persian that while the Caspian Sea countries have made a lot of progress on the issue, a final Convention is still far from being agreed. 
"I will say straightaway that for the moment the prospect is extremely remote. At the moment the legal framework for the Caspian Sea is based on two agreements signed by Iran and the Soviet Union in 1921 and 1940," Sazhin said. 
"Azerbaijan, Kazakhstan and Turkmenistan, three new littoral states established after the collapse of the Soviet Union, do not recognize these agreements and are holding discussions about the future status of the sea." 
"Of course, this is justified because after all there are now five, not two independent Caspian states, each of which has an equal right to this sea-lake, on the basis of their geographical location," Sazhin explained. © Sputnik/ Baku Summit to Enrich Persian Gulf With Caspian Sea Resources The issue of whether the Caspian Sea is actually a lake or a sea is at the core of many of the disagreements, since the two bodies of water are governed differently under international law.
Iran is convinced that the Caspian is a lake, and should be divided equally five ways, giving Tehran control over 20 percent of the water and sea bed. 
However, Iran's four neighbors in the Caspian insist that, as reflected by its name, the body of water is really a sea. Therefore, they argue, the water and sea bed should be divided according to a modified median line. 
Azerbaijan, Kazakhstan, Russia and Turkmenistan have all signed agreements according to this principle. However, since Iran's Exclusive Economic Zone would constitute only 13 percent of the sea according to this principle, the proposal is rejected by Tehran. 
Azerbaijan to the west of Iran and Turkmenistan to the east reject in turn Tehran's idea, which would deprive them of maritime territory. ...
ARTICLE

Get short URL 0 6 0 0 Amid escalating tensions in Eastern Europe, the US Army will soon arm its Stryker combat vehicles with a laser weapons system. 
The laser, developed by General Dynamics Land Systems, is currently being tested and is expected to be ready within the next 11 months. © AP Photo/ Alik Keplicz US General Reveals Details on NATO Troops Deployment in Poland 
"The idea is to provide a solution to a capability gap which is an inability to acquire, track and destroy low, slow drones that proliferate all over the world," said Tim Reese, director of strategic planning, according to Business Insider . 
Mounted on US Army Stryker vehicles, the lasers will likely be used to shoot down enemy drones. The weapon could also be fine-tuned to target incoming munitions. 
"The energy of the laser damages, destroys and melts different components of the target," Reese said. "We've clearly demonstrated you can take out UAVs pretty effectively," Mary Miller, Deputy Assistant Secretary, Research and Technology, added. "Now we are not only working on how we take out UAVs but also mortars and missiles – and eventually cruise missiles." Scared of Russian BMPs, US Strykers in Europe to Get 30mm Guns 
Laser weapons offer a number of benefits. Ammunition, for instance, is virtually unlimited, so long as enough power can be generated to create a beam. The USS Ponce was one of the first US military units to be fitted with a mounted laser weapon, since a ship can easily mobilize the large power generators necessary. Stationary laser weapons have also been placed at military bases for the same reason. Shrinking these power sources to fit a vehicle as small as a Stryker was a unique challenge. 
Even with the high-energy requirements, lasers are comparatively cost-effective. 
"The shot per kill (with lasers) is very inexpensive when the alternative is sending out a multi-million dollar missile," Miller said. 
A number of US Strykers are based in Europe as part of the US Army's 2nd Cavalry Regiment. Those units have already undergone upgrades to the 30mm cannon, at a cost of $3.8 million per vehicle. © REUTERS/ Agencja Gazeta/Adam Stepien 
The Stryker squadron, based in Germany, will play a role in NATO's increased presence in Poland and the Baltics. 
"This is credible deterrence," NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg said on Tuesday, according to Stars and Stripes. "Concrete proof that NATO can and will deploy thousands of forces to support our allies. And a clear demonstration of our transatlantic bond." 
Since 2014, NATO has been building up its military presence in Europe, especially in Eastern European countries neighboring Russia, using Moscow's alleged interference in the Ukrainian conflict and its potential for "aggression" against neighboring states as a pretext. 
Moscow has repeatedly denied the claims and warned NATO that the military buildup on Russia's borders is provocative and threatens the existing strategic balance of power. ...
ARTICLE

Get short URL 0 27 0 0 On Tuesday, National Intelligence Director James Clapper said that the US must focus on limiting North Korea's nuclear capabilities, because convincing the isolated country to halt nuclear development is a 'lost cause.' 
Pyongyang has conducted over 20 ballistic missile tests this year and two nuclear explosions. There is concern in Washington that the DPRK could be developing a weapon that could reach the American mainland. Their most recent underground nuclear explosion took place in early September. © AP Photo/ Wong Maye-E US Still Committed to Denuclearization Process in North Korea At the Council on Foreign Relations, Clapper said "I think the notion of getting the North Koreans to denuclearize is probably a lost cause…They are not going to do that — that is their ticket to survival." 
Washington has consistently maintained its position on not recognizing North Korea as a nuclear-armed state. Numerous sanctions, and negotiations to trade aid in exchange for disarmament have not stopped Pyongyang's nuclear program. Despite this, the US State Department announced that it will continue to demand the communist country's denuclearization. 
Clapper described his trip to North Korea in 2014 to secure the release of two Americans, saying it gave him a "good taste" of the country's perspective on nuclear development. © AP Photo/ Koji Sasahara North Korea Blasts US, Japan, South Korea for 'Destabilizing Northeast Asia' "They are under siege and they are very paranoid, so the notion of giving up their nuclear capability, whatever it is, is a non-starter with them…The best we could probably hope for is some sort of a cap, but they are not going to do that just because we ask them. There's going to have to be some significant inducements." 
Defense experts in the US believe Pyongyang currently has between 13-21 nuclear weapons, and by 2020 could have as many as 100. 
State Department spokesman John Kirby told reporters in Washington that he had not seen Clapper's comments, and that the US still hopes to resume aid-for-disarmament negotiations, which have been stalled since Pyongyang pulled out in 2009. © REUTERS/ KCNA US Announces Extended Deterrence Doctrine Against North Korea 
Kirby said, "We want to continue to see a verifiable, denuclearization of the peninsula. We want to see a return to the six-party talk process, and that means we need to see the North show a willingness and an ability to return to that process which they haven't done yet," according to Yonhap News . Clapper acknowledged that the DPRK had not yet tested it's KN08 intercontinental ballistic missile, a weapon capable of striking the Western US, so its utility is unknown, but he recommended that Washington not wait until the missile is tested to prepare. 
"Nevertheless, we ascribe to them the capability to launch a missile that would have a weapon on it to reach parts of the United States, certainly including Alaska and Hawaii…They could do it. We have to make the worst-case assumption here," he said. ...
ARTICLE

Get short URL 0 5 0 0 A strong energy sector will serve as an economic driver for the UK's economy, Britain's former minister for energy and climate change told Sputnik. 
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — The United Kingdom is interested in a strong energy sector as an economic driver for the whole British economy, and consequently in the stabilization of prices on the global oil market, Charles Hendry , a former UK Minister for Energy and Climate Change, told Sputnik on Wednesday. "Oil consumers have enjoyed low oil prices, that's been good, but ultimately we need strong oil and gas sector because the economic driver which it creates and provides. So for the United Kingdom we have seen both the upside and the downside. … There is a beginning consensus of people [in the United Kingdom] recognizing that action needs to be taken [to stabilize oil market]," Hendry said. 
He added, however, that few countries could take steps that would contribute to stability of the global oil market, among them are Saudi Arabia and Russia . © AP Photo/ Vahid Salemi Russian Companies Set to Get a Slice of Iranian Oil Pie The Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC), which comprises Saudi Arabia among other 13 major oil producers, is in ongoing consultations on finalizing a preliminary agreement on oil output cuts reached in late September and aimed at stabilizing oil prices, that may see non-OPEC oil producers also joining the deal.
The agreement, which is expected to be finalized on November 30 during OPEC's next meeting in Vienna, was reached against the backdrop of decline in oil prices, which have dropped from some $110 a barrel to the below-$50 mark since mid-2014. ...
ARTICLE

Get short URL 0 26 0 0 US Army Chief of Staff Gen. Mark Milley has met with his Turkish and Ukrainian counterparts on the sidelines of the Conference of European Armies (CEA) in Germany, according to a statement issued by the general on Wednesday. 
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) — US Army Europe hosted the 24th annual CEA meeting, which brought together representatives from 38 nations. Met with my Turkish & Ukrainian Army counterparts during #CEA ; our partnerships are essential to the stability & security of #StrongEurope pic.twitter.com/BcV1MM1tZf — GEN Mark A. Milley (@GENMarkMilley) October 26, 2016 
​Milley said the event allowed partners to discuss challenges and strategies to deterring threats in Europe, outline priorities and talk about outcomes of the NATO Warsaw Summit that took place in July. ...
ARTICLE

Get short URL 0 1 0 0 Relations between Moscow and Belgrade are developing favorably, nevertheless, additional stimuli would benefit their trade and economic cooperation, Serbia's First Deputy Prime Minister and Foreign Minister Ivica Dacic told Russian Security Council Secretary Nikolai Patrushev on Wednesday. 
BELGRADE (Sputnik) — During his visit, apart from Dacic and Stefanovic, Patrushev is expected to meet with Serbian Defense Minister Zoran Djordjevic, and President Tomislav Nikolic. As part of the visit, Patrushev will take part in the ceremony of laying wreaths at the memorial to the liberators of Belgrade and at the monument to Soviet soldiers. © AP Photo/ Darko Vojinovic Serbian Minister Stands for Increased Cooperation With Russian Security Services "Minister Dacic stressed that relations between Serbia and Russia are traditionally good, and are developing in the interests, and to the satisfaction, of both countries, as well as that it is necessary to provide additional incentives for the development of trade and economic relations," the Serbian Foreign Ministry press service announced, citing the first deputy head of the Serbian government. 
In the afternoon, before speaking with Patrushev, Interior Minister of Serbia Nebojsa Stefanovic said that Belgrade was successfully cooperating with the Russian Interior Ministry, Federal Security Service and the National Guard. Patrushev proposed to work on a memorandum of understanding to create the conditions for regular communication on security matters of mutual interest. ...
ARTICLE

Get short URL 0 9 0 0 NATO is tracking the movement of the Russian Admiral Kuznetsov aircraft carrier in the Mediterranean Sea, considering its presence in the international waters close to the alliance's member states acceptable, Germany's Defense Minister Ursula von der Leyen said on Wednesday. 
BERLIN/BRUSSELS (Sputnik) — On October 15, the Russian Northern Fleet's press service said that a group of warships headed by the aircraft-carrying cruiser Admiral Kuznetsov and accompanied by the Pyotr Veliky battle cruiser, the Severomorsk and the Admiral Kulakov anti-submarine destroyers, and support vessels was sent to the Mediterranean to hold drills and strengthen capabilities. 
NATO officials have expressed concerns that the group could be used to support Damascus in the ongoing Syrian civil war. "It is acceptable that the Russian aircraft carrier operates in the international waters, though considering the current situation we will keep a close eye on it," she said. ...
ARTICLE

Get short URL 0 16 0 0 The United States cannot rule out the possibility that the Daesh was involved in attacks that led to the deaths of more than 30 civilians in central Afghanistan, US Department of State spokesperson John Kirby said in a briefing on Wednesday. 
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) — Earlier in the day, local media reported that Daesh militants , previously active in eastern Afghanistan, had killed 36 noncombatants in the terrorist group's first major offensive in the country's central region. © REUTERS/ Alaa Al-Marjani Daesh May Bring Unpleasant Surprise to US-Led Coalition in Mosul "I can't stand here before you and rule out that Daesh or ISIL [Daesh] had a hand in this or was responsible," Kirby told reporters. 
It is no secret, Kirby continued, that the United States has long been concerned about the Daesh aspirations to establish a presence in Afghanistan. 
According to TOLOnews, Daesh militants attacked the Chaghcharan district of the central Ghor province on Tuesday evening. Afghan security forces responded to the attack, killing one of the Daesh commanders. 
The Daesh is outlawed in Russia and numerous other countries in the world. ...
ARTICLE

Get short URL 0 2 0 0 A man in Kuwait was nearly sent to prison after his family's pet parrot exposed -- by repeating phrases spoken between him and the housekeeper in front of his wife -- that he was having an affair with the maid. 
Following the bird's revelations, the man's wife filed a complaint with the Hawally Police Department, accusing her husband of deception. She had long suspected that there was an improper relationship between him and the maid. Bird-en of Proof: Parrot's 'Testimony' Could Help Solve Michigan Murder Case Luckily for the husband, the case was thrown out based on lack of credible evidence, as the parrot could not testify in court. Investigators also explained that it could not be conclusively proven that the bird was mimicking a conversation it heard in person — and not just some flirty scene that had played on television.
In Kuwait, adultery is illegal and can carry a sentence of hard labor or even prison time, the India Times reports. 
In 2006, a woman in Leeds was busted for infidelity after her boyfriend's parrot began squawking 'I love you Gary.' Gary, it turned out, was an ex-colleague of the woman's. After being confronted with the parrot's phrases the girlfriend admitted to the affair. 
The parrot also made smooching noises when it heard the name Gary. Though the girlfriend moved out, the parrot's owner had to get rid of the bird as well, as it would not stop repeating the name of the homewrecker, and became a painful reminder. "I wasn't sorry to see the back of Suzy after what she did, but it really broke my heart to let Ziggy go," the jilted boyfriend told BBC at the time. "I love him to bits and I really miss having him around, but it was torture hearing him repeat that name over and over again." ...
ARTICLE

Get short URL 0 27 0 0 The head of the German delegation, which is currently visiting Crimea, Andreas Maurer pledged on Wednesday to respond to the Ukrainian authorities' threats over the unauthorized trip, with another visit to the peninsula. 
SIMFEROPOL (Sputnik) — Maurer, who is the chairman of the Left Party (Die Linke) parliamentary faction in the town of Quakenbruck in Lower Saxony, also noted that the Ukrainian authorities had threatened him with up to three years in prison for visiting the peninsula . © Sputnik/ Sergey Malgavko Putin: Crimean Integration Into Russian Legal Framework Goes Forward "I will respond to such sanctions with my next trip to Crimea . There is nothing they can do to me, it is just ridiculous. As a German citizen and a citizen of Europe, I will never allow anyone to tell me where to go and with whom to communicate," Maurer said at a press conference at the Rossiya Segodnya International Information Agency's press center in Crimea . 
He added that Ukraine was mistaken in assuming it could "dictate to the people of Germany, where they may travel." © Sputnik/ Vladimir Sergeev Strength Through Unity: EU to Stay United on Policy Toward Russia According to the guidelines on the legal regime of Crimea issued by the Ukrainian Foreign Ministry, entry and exit of foreigners from the region is allowed only with the special permission via relevant control checkpoints.
The German delegation consists of 20 people, including politicians, acting lawmakers, public figures, and entrepreneurs. The delegation is visiting the peninsula within the framework of people's diplomacy project and will stay there until Friday. 
Crimea, Russia's historical southern region, seceded from Ukraine to rejoin Russia in March 2014. Almost 97 percent of the region's population voted for reunification in a referendum. Sevastopol, which has a federal city status, supported the move by 95.6 percent of votes. The referendum was held after a coup in Ukraine in February 2014. Kiev, as well as the European Union, the United States and their allies, did not recognize the move and consider the peninsula to be an occupied territory. ...
ARTICLE

0 30 0 3 The United States welcomed a report claiming the US-led coalition underestimated harm to civilians in Syria after killing some 300 in airstrikes in two years, US Department of State spokesperson John Kirby said in a press briefing on Wednesday. 
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) — Earlier in the day, Amnesty International revealed in a report that the US-led coalition had killed hundreds of noncombatants in Syria during two years of airstrikes that were purported to target the Daesh. © Sputnik/ US Military on Ground in Syria Training Opposition for Raqqa Operation "We take all such reports seriously and we support the Defense Department as they do the proper investigations," Kirby told reporters. "We welcome that input." 
When asked about the rights group suggesting that the US-led coalition underestimated harm done to civilians in Syria, Kirby claimed that the United States had no reason not to welcome that feedback because its military tries harder than any other to avoid civilian casualties. 
Amnesty International said US authorities have failed to respond to a memorandum that raised questions about the conduct of coalition forces in Syria. 
According to the group, the most recent deadly airstrikes, conducted in June and July, killed more than 100 civilians in the Syrian villages of Tukhar, Hadhadh and Ghandoura. ...
ARTICLE

Military Operation to Retake Mosul From Daesh ( 92 ) 0 15 0 0 Iraqi forces lost some 60 soldiers in the operation to liberate Mosul from the Daesh, while about 250 others have been wounded, US Central Command commander Gen. Joseph Votel said on Wednesday. 
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) — On October 17, Iraqi Prime Minister Haider Abadi announced the start of a military operation to recapture Mosul from the terror group with air support provided by the US-led coalition. About 30,000 Iraqi soldiers and 4,000 Kurdish Peshmerga fighters are reportedly taking part in the operation. © Sputnik/ Hikmet Durgun Hope Amid Chaos: Yazidis Waiting to Reunite With Hostages After Mosul Liberation "What the Iraqi leadership reported this evening is that they have sustained 57 of their soldiers who have been killed, and about 250 that have been wounded in the offensive so far," Votel said in an interview with NBC News. "The Kurdish numbers are probably in about the same ratio as that one." 
US-led coalition against the Daesh commander Lt. Gen. Stephen Townsend later added that the Kurdish Peshmerga forces sustained 20 to 30 killed in action and about 150 wounded. 
According to media reports, an Daesh suicide bomb attack on an Iraqi convoy near Mosul on October 17 killed some 70 soldiers. ...
ARTICLE

Military Coup Attempt in Turkey ( 352 ) 0 10 0 0 A major reshuffle occurred to the police body in Turkey, where police chiefs in 61 Turkish provinces were either substituted or moved to other positions, local media reported, citing a government decree published in the Official Gazette on Wednesday. 
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — According to the Turkish Daily Sabah newspaper, 37 police chiefs were assigned for the first time to provincial police chief positions while 24 provincial police chiefs were reassigned to other provinces. 
Meanwhile, two department heads in the General Directorate of Security were also reassigned to different positions and 34 provincial police chiefs were assigned to ministerial positions in Ankara, the daily added. 
On July 15, a military coup attempt took place in Turkey . Over 240 people were killed during the events and an estimated 2,000 were wounded. Ankara has accused Islamic cleric Fethullah Gulen , who has been living in the US state of Pennsylvania since 1999, and his followers of playing a key role in the coup. 
According to the Turkish Justice Ministry, a total of 32,000 military officers, high-ranking civil servants, judges and teachers suspected of being Gulen supporters have been arrested in Turkey after the coup attempt. ...
ARTICLE

0 19 2 0 A majority of likely US voters are concerned about the potential for violence during the upcoming presidential election on November 8, a USA TODAY/Suffolk University Poll revealed on Wednesday. 
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) — The 2016 election will be the first held without the full protections afforded by the 1965 Voting Rights Act, which the US Supreme Court invalidated in 2013. The decision limited the federal government's power to supervise areas of the country historically prone to voter intimidation. © AP Photo/ Don Ryan Black Lives Matter Activist Endorses Clinton for US President in Opinion Article "A 51 percent majority of likely voters express at least some concern about the possibility of violence on Election Day; one in five are 'very concerned'," the poll stated. 
Additionally, only 40 percent of the 1,000 respondents said they were very confident the country would have a peaceful transition of power from President Barack Obama to his successor. © REUTERS/ Nick Oxford/File Photo Coalition of US Rights Groups Urges States to Prevent Voter Discrimination 
Republican nominee Donald Trump has claimed the election is rigged and called for his supporters, including police and sheriffs, to independently patrol polling places for voter fraud, sparking at least some concerns that minority voters could be subject to intimidation. 
Trump, but also numerous other critics , have warned of mass voter fraud in light of the fact that no mechanism exists to verify individuals are legally entitled to vote or keep people from voting more than once. Moreover, critics have raised the issue of names of dead people being included on voter lists as well as voting machines being highly vulnerable to manipulation and hacking. 
On October 19, detectives in the US state of Indiana found evidence of mass voter registration fraud after conducting an investigation into tampering of personal voter data. ...
ARTICLE

0 88 0 1 After running one of the most divisive presidential campaigns in US history, the Trump brand has taken a hit -- literally. 
In 2007, Donald Trump was granted a coveted spot on the Hollywood Walk of Fame for his work on his reality show, 'The Apprentice.' With limited real estate, the decision to enshrine reality stars on the sidewalk has always been controversial. 
Trump's star has become especially unwelcome. — MEFeater Magazine (@mefeater) October 26, 2016 
In the early hours of Wednesday morning, a man dressed as a city worker used a sledgehammer and pickaxe to deface the presidential hopeful's star, removing the brass star and scraping his name from the sidewalk. — Ol' QWERTY Bastard (@TheDiLLon1) October 26, 2016 
According to Deadline , the vandal has been identified as Jamie Otis, who said he intended to remove the entire section of sidewalk in order to sell it at auction. Proceeds, he said, would go toward supporting the multiple women who have accused Trump of sexual assault. 
The stars are maintained by the Hollywood Historic Trust, and the group has already said that the individual responsible will be prosecuted "to the full extent of the law," and repairs are already underway. — Adelle Nazarian (@AdelleNaz) October 26, 2016 
"The Hollywood Walk of Fame is an institution celebrating the positive contributions of the inductees," said Leron Gubler, head of the Hollywood Chamber of Commerce, according to Deadline. "When people are unhappy with one of our honorees, we would hope that they would project their anger in more positive ways than to vandalize a California State landmark." 
If found guilty, the individual responsible could face up to three years in jail and a fine of $10,000. 
The Trump star has been vandalized on a number of occasions since he began his presidential campaign. In January, a vandal spray-painted a reverse swastika over the star. — afterglow (@afterglow2046) October 26, 2016 
Two similar incidents occurred over the summer. In June, a mute sign was spray-painted over the spot. One month later, a street artist erected a miniaturized wall around the star, a reference to the Republican candidate's proposal to construct a barrier along the US-Mexico border. 
Of course, given that his divisive rhetoric on the campaign trail appears to be affecting his brand, Trump may soon start defacing his own properties. Amid rumors that the billionaire is removing the Trump name from his hotels, the Trump organization has announced plans to launch a new brand under the less identifiable name "Scion." ...
ARTICLE

0 35 3 0 Two unnamed Americans were reportedly arrested in northern Tunisia on Tuesday, on suspicion of having ties to the terrorist group. 
The brothers, aged 32 and 33, were born in Michigan and were arrested near the Algerian border. © Photo: Youtube/PressTV Documentaries US Not Ruling Out Daesh Involvement in Afghanistan Offensive They claimed to be in the North African country studying computer science at the University of Jendouba, according to a Tunisian Interior Ministry spokesman. 
TunisiaLive reported that neighbors in the area where the brothers were renting a house alerted police to suspicious behavior. An investigation revealed that the two men were not students, but instead recent converts to Islam who had jihadist materials on their computers and wanted Tunisia to be placed under sharia law. They were described as unwashed and heavily bearded. Other reports show their laptops contained calls to Jihad and plans to blow up several institutions, and that both men had stamps from the United Arab Emirates (UAE) in their passports. 
One of the brothers recently married a Tunisian woman from Borj Louzir, Ariana. The marriage is considered "urfi," meaning a religious marriage not recognized by the Tunisian government. The wife was arrested in Lafeyette,Tunis, on Tuesday afternoon. 
Daesh-affiliated gunmen conducted several major attacks in Tunisia last year, and the country has had difficulty keeping militants coming from Libya at bay. 
After being detained in Jendouba, the men are set to appear in court, according to the Interior official. ...
ARTICLE

Get short URL 0 2 0 0 The US military killed five suspected members of al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula in an October 21 airstrike in central Yemen, the US Central Command said in a press release on Friday. 
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) — Earlier, US Central Command stated the previous airstrikes killed eight suspected members of al-Qaeda. 
The first strike, on October 6, killed two people while a second strike conducted on October 19 killed six people. Both strikes were conducted in remote parts of the Shabwah Governorate. 
"The United States military conducted a successful strike against members of al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula on October 21, in a remote area of Marib Governorate, Yemen," the release stated. 'Five AQAP enemy fighters were killed in the strike." ...
ARTICLE

Get short URL 0 0 0 0 Saudi Arabia's government needs to stay focused on fiscal adjustment and find ways to increase revenue, International Monetary Fund (IMF) Managing Director Christine Lagarde said in a statement Wednesday. 
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) — The IMF chief praised Saudi Arabia's economic-policy shift in response to falling oil prices as "very welcome." © AP Photo/ JOHN MOORE Saudi Arabia GDP Growth to Slow to 1.2% in 2016, Budget Deficit to Narrow to 13% "These efforts should continue over the medium-term including through further increases in energy prices which are still low by international standards, further revenue-raising measures including from the planned introduction of excises and the VAT [value-added tax] at the GCC [Gulf Cooperation Council] level, and further spending restraint," Lagarde stated. 
Global oil prices plunged to a 13-year low of under $30 a barrel in January of this year from $115 in June 2014 due to a production-and-supply glut that has posed major challenges for energy companies and oil-producing countries. 
So far in 2016, the Saudi government has introduced a series of reforms intended to diversify the oil-reliant country's economy. ...
ARTICLE

Crimea's Fate ( 163 ) 0 16 0 0 Kiev sent to the Russian Foreign Ministry on Wednesday its protest over the ongoing visit of Russia's President Vladimir Putin to Crimea, Ukraine's Foreign Ministry said in a statement. 
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — Putin arrived to Crimea on Wednesday to take part in the regional forum of All-Russia People's Front called "Forum of action. Crimea." The two-day forum covered issues of energy, gas supplies, development of agricultural industry and other promising sectors of the economy. © Sputnik/ Vitaliy Belousov German Lawmaker Vows to Respond to Ukrainian Sanctions Threat With New Crimea Visits "The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Ukraine expresses strong protest to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation on another non-consensual visit of President of the Russian Federation Vladimir Putin to the temporarily occupied territory of Ukraine – the Autonomous Republic of Crimea, which started on October 26, 2016," the statement read. 
Crimea , Russia's historical southern region, seceded from Ukraine to rejoin Russia in March 2014. Almost 97 percent of the region's population voted for reunification in a referendum. Ukraine, the European Union and the United States did not recognize the move and consider the peninsula to be an occupied territory. ...
ARTICLE

0 58 3 0 Two unnamed Americans were reportedly arrested in northern Tunisia on Tuesday, on suspicion of having ties to the terrorist group. 
The brothers, aged 32 and 33, were born in Michigan and were arrested near the Algerian border. © Photo: Youtube/PressTV Documentaries US Not Ruling Out Daesh Involvement in Afghanistan Offensive They claimed to be in the North African country studying computer science at the University of Jendouba, according to a Tunisian Interior Ministry spokesman. 
TunisiaLive reported that neighbors in the area where the brothers were renting a house alerted police to suspicious behavior. An investigation revealed that the two men were not students, but instead recent converts to Islam who had jihadist materials on their computers and wanted Tunisia to be placed under sharia law. They were described as unwashed and heavily bearded. Other reports show their laptops contained calls to Jihad and plans to blow up several institutions, and that both men had stamps from the United Arab Emirates (UAE) in their passports. 
One of the brothers recently married a Tunisian woman from Borj Louzir, Ariana. The marriage is considered "urfi," meaning a religious marriage not recognized by the Tunisian government. The wife was arrested in Lafeyette,Tunis, on Tuesday afternoon. 
Daesh-affiliated gunmen conducted several major attacks in Tunisia last year, and the country has had difficulty keeping militants coming from Libya at bay. 
After being detained in Jendouba, the men are set to appear in court, according to the Interior official. ...
ARTICLE

Get short URL 0 4 0 0 Inflation forced the Venezuelan Central Bank to begin issuing large-denomination banknotes and coins, local media reported on Wednesday. 
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — The country's central bank gave orders to print 5,000, 10,000 and 20,000 bolivar bills as well as a 1,000 bolivar coin, the unnamed source familiar with the situation said, as quoted by the Delinmediato.com.ve news outlet. © AFP 2016/ Ronaldo SCHEMIDT 
At the moment, the largest denomination available is 100 bolivars, which, at the exchange rate of about 1,000 bolivars for 1 dollar, makes cash transactions cumbersome. 
The new bills and a coin will reportedly enter circulation by the end of this year. 
On Tuesday, the opposition-led National Assembly voted to initiate impeachment proceedings against President Nicolas Maduro, claiming he had violated democracy and blaming his economic policies for the recession, high rate of inflation, shortages of food and other essential supplies in the country. In his turn, the president accused the legislature of staging a parliamentary coup. ...
ARTICLE

Military Operation to Retake Mosul From Daesh ( 93 ) 0 7 0 0 Daesh militants have executed at least 232 civilians near the Iraqi city of Mosul, the chairman of the Iraqi parliamentary human rights committee said on Wednesday. 
BAGHDAD (Sputnik) — On October 17, Iraqi Prime Minister Haider Abadi announced the start of a military operation to retake Mosul from Daesh, a jihadist group outlawed in Russia and a number of other states. © AFP 2016/ AHMAD AL-RUBAYE Some 60 Iraqi Soldiers Killed in Mosul Offensive, 250 Wounded - CENTCOM 
According to local media, about 30,000 Iraqi soldiers and 4,000 Kurdish Peshmerga fighters are taking part in the operation, backed by airstrikes carried out by the US-led international coalition. "IS [Daesh] militants continued to commit atrocities in the province of Nineveh, they executed 190 people in the area of ​​Hammam al-Alil after taking them hostage in different areas of Mosul ," Abdel Rakhim Shamri said as quoted by his press service. 
According to the lawmaker, another 42 people in the nearby village of Arij became victims of the terrorist group because of their refusal to cooperate with the militants. ...
ARTICLE

Get short URL 0 9 0 0 Venezuela's National Armed Forces Council, the principal body for consultations on defense issues, will be working on a regular basis amid the ongoing protests of the opposition, dissatisfied with the current leadership, Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro said Wednesday. 
MEXICO CITY (Sputnik) — On Tuesday, the opposition-led National Assembly voted to initiate impeachment proceedings against Maduro , claiming he had violated democracy, to which the president accused lawmakers of trying to stage a parliamentary coup . © AFP 2016/ Ronaldo SCHEMIDT Rival Factions to Rally Across Venezuela as Impeachment Crisis Escalates 
Earlier on Wednesday, opposition leader Henrique Capriles initiated a large-scale peaceful protest across the country to defend the nation's right to a referendum on Maduro's recall. According to media reports, police in some Venezuelan cities started to use tear gas against the opposition protesters. "I want us to start a continuous session, to take into account this issue [of political tension ]… with more wisdom and with the widest possible evaluation criterion," Maduro said at a Council meeting, as quoted by the AVN news agency. The leader did not specify how often the Council would be convened. © AP Photo/ Ariana Cubillos Venezuela On-Edge as Right Wing Attempts Soft Coup on Maduro 
Maduro also expressed regret that the Council meeting was not attended by President of the National Assembly Henry Ramos. "It is a pity that the president of the National Assembly continues to show lack of respect for the Constitution, and does not want dialogue. Here is his empty chair, I hope that he will start to act sensibly, because we need to strengthen democracy." 
Venezuelan opposition has been seeking a referendum to remove Maduro from office. The process to collect signatures for a petition on his recall was halted last week on accusations that the signature gathering was rigged. ...
ARTICLE

Major Migrant Crisis in Europe ( 1778 ) 0 8 0 0 French authorities have evacuated almost 5,600 people after they began to dismantle the refugee camp in the city of Calais in northern France, the country's Interior Ministry said on Wednesday. 
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — Since 2015, Calais has been the home to a large migrant camp – the so-called Jungle – notorious for its horrible living conditions. Thousands of migrants from the Middle East and North Africa have arrived to the Jungle , located not far from the Channel Tunnel, in hopes of reaching the United Kingdom. © Sputnik/ Irina Kalashnikova Closure of Calais Refugee Camp Shows Need for Greater European Cooperation 
"In total, 5,596 people have been given shelter since the beginning of the dismantlement," the Interior Ministry said in a statement. 
On Monday, French authorities began dismantling the Calais camp, relocating its inhabitants to facilities across the country . On Wednesday, Calais prefect Fabienne Buccio said that all migrants had been cleared from the camp. © AP Photo/ Pascal Rossignol A French policeman posts the official document that announces the dismantling of the makeshift camp called the "Jungle", as a migrant walks past in Calais, France, October 21, 2016 ...
ARTICLE

Get short URL 0 5 0 0 According to the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR), the 2016 refugee death toll in the Mediterranean Sea has hit a record high of at least 3,800 people. "We can confirm that at least 3,800 people have been reported dead or missing in the Mediterranean Sea so far this year, making the death toll in 2016 the highest ever recorded," the UN refugee agency spokesman, William Spindler, said at a news briefing at the Palais des Nations in Geneva Wednesday. 
In March, the EU signed a deal with Turkey aimed at stemming the tide of refugees into Europe. Since that time, deported refugees have been forced to return to Turkey or their country of origin. Although less people are migrating now, primarily due to new policies enacted by some European countries, more refugees are dying. An estimated 327,800 asylum-seekers have crossed the sea so far this year, compared with at least 1,015,078 people last year. © REUTERS/ Alaa Al-Marjani UN Refugee Agency Airlifting Over 7,000 Tents to Assist Displaced in Mosul The higher death rate might be a result, Spindler said, of the dangerous route from North Africa to Italy. Combined with bad weather, unseaworthy vessels, and cramming too many people into a boat, tragedy is inevitable.
The extremely hazardous route between Libya and Italy has become the main path for refugees fleeing their war-torn country, Spindler said, calling on European countries to consider "enhanced resettlement and humanitarian admissions, family reunification, private sponsorship, and humanitarian, student and work visas for refugees." 
On Tuesday, 25 migrants were found dead among survivors in an overloaded rubber dinghy on the Mediterranean Sea, Doctors Without Borders (Medicins Sans Frontieres, or MSF) reported. ...
ARTICLE

Get short URL 0 29 0 0 The United Nations did not adequately execute evacuations of ill and injured people from Syria's eastern Aleppo during the humanitarian pause there, Russian Envoy to UN Vitaly Churkin said during the UN Security Council meeting on Wednesday. 
UNITED NATIONS (Sputnik) — Moreover, Churkin said the UN staff "didn't exercise the necessary pressure over the sponsors of illegal military groups in order to make possible cooperation between the armed groups and humanitarian workers." "The United Nations didn't work through properly the operation of medical evacuations of the sick and wounded," Churkin stated. "The work with opposition groups present in city and the local council was left to its own." ...
ARTICLE

Get short URL 0 4 0 0 NCI Information Systems has been awarded a $63 million contract to provide engineering and integration services to the US Army's Garrison Humphreys in South Korea, the company stated in a press release Wednesday. 
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) — The work will require NCI to relocate technical equipment and staff for the United Nations Command and US Forces Korea from Yongsan in the Seoul metropolitan area to areas north of the South Korean capital, the release added. 
It noted that Army Garrison Humphreys is projected to grow from 9,000 to 44,000 soldiers, civilians and family members. 'NCI will provide services for command, control, communications, computers and intelligence/information technology (C4I/IT) infrastructure and systems within sensitive compartmented information facilities,: the release said. "The work will be performed at four facilities currently under construction at Camp Humphreys, including the Communications Center, Battle Command Training Center, US Forces Korea Operations Center and US Army 2nd Infantry Division." ...
ARTICLE

— Alfredo Romero (@alfredoromero) October 26, 2016 
​According to Romero, more than 20 people were injured in the state of Merida, while five were injured in Zulia. 
Earlier on Wednesday, opposition leader Henrique Capriles initiated a large-scale peaceful protest across the country to defend the nation's right to a referendum on Maduro's recall . According to media reports, police in some Venezuelan cities started to use tear gas against the opposition protesters. ...
ARTICLE

Get short URL 0 108 0 0 In a further sign of growing tensions between the United States and Turkey, Pentagon officials revealed on Wednesday that the Kurdish YPG militia will play a major role in the upcoming attack on the Daesh-held city of Raqqa, and it's not good news for Ankara. 
As coalition forces continue retaking the Iraqi city of Mosul from Daesh, US officials are looking ahead to Raqqa, the terrorist group's Syrian stronghold. © REUTERS/ Zohra Bensemra US Detects No Actions by Turkish Troops Interfering With Mosul Operation - White House 
American forces are currently on the ground in Syria to train opposition fighters, including Kurdish YPG militia fighters operating within the Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF), according to Army Lieutenant General Stephen Townsend. However, a key US ally isn't happy about it. 
"Turkey doesn't want to see us operating with the SDF anywhere, particularly in Raqqa. We're having talks with Turkey and we're going to take this in steps," Townsend told reporters . "The only force that is capable on any near-term timeline are the Syrian Democratic Forces, of which the YPG are a significant portion. We're going to take the force that we have and we will go to Raqqa soon with that force." 
Townsend underlined the importance of liberating Raqqa, saying US officials believe the city is where the terrorist group plans most of its international attacks. 
"We think it's very important to get isolation in place around Raqqa to start controlling that environment on a pretty short timeline." © REUTERS/ Nour Fourat US-Led Coalition to 'Move Soon to Isolate Raqqa' 
As the eastern flank of the NATO alliance, Turkey is a vital ally to the United States and its Western partners. Tensions have been high through the administration of Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan. Under Erdogan, Ankara has launched a crackdown on Kurdish communities in the country's southeast. 
In what may have been an effort to appease Turkish leadership, US officials stressed that, while the YPG will play a role in the offensive, it will not be directly involved in taking Raqqa. Townsend added that the US will also play a smaller role in the Raqqa operation than it has in Mosul. "We'll have fewer coalition troops there, less combat capability there, we'll have to apply coalition combat support in a different way than we are doing here in Iraq," he said. 
Expected to coincide with the Mosul operation, the Raqqa offensive is expected to begin soon. 
"I think it will be within weeks, that's what I want to say, and not many weeks," US Defense Secretary Ashton Carter told reporters on Tuesday. ...
ARTICLE

Get short URL 0 14 0 0 United Nations should provide evidence if it claims that Russia is conducting aerial bombardments since the introduction of moratorium on air strikes, Russian Ambassador to the United Nations Vitaly Churkin said at a UN Security Council meeting. 
UNITED NATIONS (Sputnik) — On Tuesday, the Russian General Staff said the moratorium on Russian and Syrian airstrikes in the ten-kilometer radius (6.2 mile radius) around Aleppo, effective since October 18, will be extended. © Sputnik/ Mikhail Alaeddin Russia, Syria to Extend Moratorium on Airstrikes in, Around Aleppo "The moratorium on flights has been in place for eight days. Give us at least one proof or leave those narratives for a romance you would probably write later," Churkin stated on Wednesday. 
Churkin made the comments in response to allegations by UN Emergency Relief Coordinator Stephen O'Brian earlier during the UN Security Council meeting. 
The Russian ambassador further stated the parties to the conflict have not had the moral fortitude to allow medical evacuations from the besieged city, all the while "Syrian and Russian forces from air and land demonstrated a willingness to protect what meagre medical facilities still function inside eastern Aleppo." ...
ARTICLE

0 17 1 0 The proposed merger between AT&T and Time Warner would concentrate too much power in one media company and should be blocked by regulators, US Senator Bernie Sanders said in a letter to Acting Assistant US Attorney General Renata Hesse on Wednesday. 
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) — On Friday, AT&T announced plans to acquire Time Warner for $84.5 billion. The deal would include Timer Warner's popular brands HBO and CNN, and force other distributors to negotiate with AT&T for programming licenses. © REUTERS/ Brendan McDermid/Files "This merger represents a gross concentration of power that runs counter to the public good and should be blocked," Sanders wrote to Hesse, who heads the Justice Department's Antitrust Division. 
Sanders argued the proposed merger would shrink the media landscape and stifle competition in the United States. 
Sanders explained that the plan would give AT&T control over both content and distribution, which he alleged would give the company less incentive to provide additional choices to consumers. 
The merger has to be approved by the Justice Department's Antitrust Division and other US federal regulators. ...
ARTICLE

(mis à jour 22:51 26.10.2016) URL courte 5 1033 2 4 Dans 15 à 20 ans, un tremblement de terre dévastateur pourrait secouer Téhéran. Selon Bahram Akkasheh, sismologue iranien qui a accordé une interview à Sputnik, il faudrait examiner la possibilité de transférer la capitale dans des régions moins dangereuses. 
Déjà en 2009, en raison de la localisation de Téhéran dans une zone sismique, l'idée du transfert de la capitale iranienne avait été avancée par l'Ayatollah Khamenei. Suite à son initiative, le Conseil de discernement recommandait de se préparer au transfert de la capitale. © AP Photo/ Niranjan Shrestha Un tremblement de terre géant dans le Pacifique pour bientôt Ces derniers temps, cette idée a gagné en popularité, surtout en raison du scénario apocalyptique proposé par des scientifiques japonais qui mènent des recherches en Iran. Selon eux, le séisme pourrait atteindre sept ou huit sur l'échelle de Richter, ce qui pourrait faire plus d'un million de victimes et provoquer la destruction de 80 % des bâtiments. Les séismes, qui sont devenus récurrents aux alentours de Téhéran, témoignent de l'accumulation d'énergie dangereuse dans le sous-sol. « Le père de la sismologie iranienne », Bahram Akkasheh, a présenté en détail les conditions réelles dans lesquelles se retrouve actuellement la capitale de l'Iran. 
D'après les recherches menées par M. Akkasheh, les tremblements de terre dans les alentours de Téhéran ont un caractère cyclique : le dernier de magnitude 7.1 a secoué Téhéran en 1830 ayant détruit les murs du Palais du Golestan et le bâtiment de la mission diplomatique du Royaume-Uni. Plus de doutes! Le phénomène du Triangle des Bermudes enfin expliqué Les tremblements de terre « ont lieu tous les 200 ans. (…) Si on se réfère au cycle, il existe une possibilité que dans les quinze prochaines années un tremblement de terre secoue Téhéran », a expliqué M. Akkasheh.
Il n'est possible de prédire le début du tremblement de terre que quelques jours ou heures à l'avance, voici pourquoi la menace est imprévisible : « Nulle part dans le monde, ni aux États-Unis, ni au Japon, un début de tremblement de terre n'a été prédit avec certitude. Une fois, en Chine, on a réussi à le faire par hasard », explique le sismologue. 
Selon lui, la possibilité de tremblement de terre à Téhéran est assez haute : 
« Chaque année, la crête d'Alborz grandit de quelques millimètres puisqu'annuellement, le plateau iranien s'étend de huit mm. Tout cela prouve qu'ici, l'écorce terrestre est en mouvement perpétuel ». Italie: ce chat survit après 32 jours dans les décombres après le séisme Il y a plusieurs régions en Iran qui sont exposées aux séismes de magnitude 7 sur l'échelle de Richter. Pourtant, il existe des régions où la magnitude peut atteindre 8 sur l'échelle de Richter et elles sont exposées à un plus grand danger. « Ce n'est pas par hasard que nous avons signé un accord de coopération avec les Japonais pour examiner l'activité sismique des lieux où se trouve Téhéran. Je me souviens que lors de cette recherche commune, le maire de Téhéran avait déclaré qu'à la suite d'un tremblement de terre à Téhéran, le nombre de victimes pourrait se chiffrer en millions. La ville peut être effacée de la surface terrestre », prévient M. Akkasheh. 
Le président de l'Iran a chargé six ministres d'étudier les rapports préparés par M. Akkasheh, et par la suite un état-major de crise a été créé sous contrôle de la mairie. 
« On a crééégalement ces états-majors dans toutes les provinces du pays. Plusieurs provinces, où le risque sismique est le plus fort, ont commencéà se préparer aux cataclysmes naturels. (…) Pourtant, on ne pourra vérifier le niveau réel de l'alerte qu'en pratique », conclut le sismologue. 
Suivez Sputnik sur Telegram pour ne jamais manquer les actualités les plus importantes grâce à nos sélections du matin et du soir. Pour recevoir les actualités de notre chaîne, il suffit de télécharger l'application Telegram sur n'importe quel smartphone, tablette ou ordinateur puis cliquer sur le lien et appuyer sur « Join » ...
ARTICLE

Get short URL 0 13 0 0 A new government report released this week states that the Pentagon spent at least $58 billion over the last 20 years on weapons systems that not only were never built, but often never made it past the design phase. 
The report, released by the Undersecretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology and Logistics, Frank Kendall, is an internal review of the Defense Department's acquisition activities, and contains a chart of 23 pricey projects that received billions in initial funding but were later canceled. The report shows this happening as far back as 1997. © REUTERS/ Master Sgt. Kevin J. Gruenwald Pentagon Prepares to Start Raqqa Offensive Within Weeks 
The Army's Future Combat System was one of the most expensive of the doomed military-money pits, costing over $20 billion, with the RAH-66 Comanche attack and reconnaissance helicopter second with a $9.8 billion price tag before operations were ceased. Taken together these two programs account for 50 percent of what was deemed 'sunk costs,' according to the Washington Examiner. The $3.7-billion National Polar-orbiting Operational Environmental Satellite System, the $2.7-billion Lockheed Martin VH-71 helicopter, and the $2.5-billion JLENS air-defense blimp are a few of the other pricey and failed ventures detailed in the report. 
Out of 23 projects, eight were able to spend all of their allocated money before the plug was pulled. ...
ARTICLE

Get short URL 0 18 0 0 Officials responsible for overpaying re-enlistment bonuses to soldiers a decade ago and officials who ordered those bonuses repaid earlier this month need to be held responsible, US Senate Armed Services Committee Chairman John McCain said in a statement. 
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) — Members of the National Guard in the US state of California were paid excessive bonuses at the height of conflicts in Iraq and Afghanistan and were ordered to repay those bonuses earlier this month after an audit discovered the overpayments. "That is why I will work together with the Department of Defense and my colleagues in the Senate to explore all options available to hold those responsible for this unacceptable situation accountable and to ensure this never happens again," McCain stated on Wednesday. 
McCain called a Defense Department decision to suspend collection of the payments "a long overdue first step." 
However, he added that thousands of service members and their families, whose lives have been disrupted through no fault of their own, are still waiting for certainty that the problem will be fixed. 
The Defense Department said earlier on Wednesday that about 2,000 soldiers are affected and that it will set up a system to review each case before any efforts to collect money resume. ...
ARTICLE

Get short URL 0 37 0 0 A new government report released this week states that the Pentagon spent at least $58 billion over the last 20 years on weapons systems that not only were never built, but often never made it past the design phase. 
The report, released by the Undersecretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology and Logistics, Frank Kendall, is an internal review of the Defense Department's acquisition activities, and contains a chart of 23 pricey projects that received billions in initial funding but were later canceled. The report shows this happening as far back as 1997. © REUTERS/ Master Sgt. Kevin J. Gruenwald Pentagon Prepares to Start Raqqa Offensive Within Weeks 
The Army's Future Combat System was one of the most expensive of the doomed military-money pits, costing over $20 billion, with the RAH-66 Comanche attack and reconnaissance helicopter second with a $9.8 billion price tag before operations were ceased. Taken together these two programs account for 50 percent of what was deemed 'sunk costs,' according to the Washington Examiner . The $3.7-billion National Polar-orbiting Operational Environmental Satellite System, the $2.7-billion Lockheed Martin VH-71 helicopter, and the $2.5-billion JLENS air-defense blimp are a few of the other pricey and failed ventures detailed in the report. 
Out of 23 projects, eight were able to spend all of their allocated money before the plug was pulled. ...
ARTICLE

Get short URL 0 2 0 0 The US military targeted and killed an al-Qaeda commander in Afghanistan who was planning attacks against the United States and Europe, according to media reports. 
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) — Nayef Salam Muhammad Ujaym al-Hababi, al-Qaeda's emir in eastern Afghanistan, was killed by a drone strike in Kunar province, NBC reported citing an unnamed US official on Wednesday. 
Al-Hababi planned attacks against the west as well as against international forces operating in Afghanistan, according to the US Treasury Department and United Nations. 
The airstrike on Sunday also killed al-Hababi's deputy, Balal al-Utabi, according to reports. 
In April, Maj. Gen. Jeff Buchanan, the deputy chief of staff for Operation Resolute Support, admitted that previous US estimates on al-Qaeda's presence in Afghanistan were too low. 
According to Buchanan and other Operation Resolute Support officials, the al-Qaeda terror group has formed ties with the Taliban militants since 2010. ...
ARTICLE

10 870 0 26 In den teilweise erschütternden Berichten geben die meist jungen Frauen zu Protokoll, wie sie in der Kölner Silvesternacht von Männern eingekreist, an Brüsten, zwischen den Beinen und am Gesäß angefasst wurden. 
Die Tatverdächtigen – größtenteils junge Migranten aus Nordafrika – hätten sich wohl im Bereich um den Hauptbahnhof zum gemeinsamen Feiern verabredet, anders sei nicht zu erklären, warum sich über 1000 dieser jungen Männer gleichzeitig auf dem Platz befunden hätten, so der Kriminologe Prof. Dr. Rudolf Egg, der Aussagen von über 1000 Opfern analysiert hat. © REUTERS/ Benoit Tessier Nach sexuellen Übergriffen: „Wels darf nicht Köln werden' 
Er gehe aber nicht davon aus, dass sie von vorn herein den Plan verfolgt hätten, Frauen sexuell zu belästigen. Nach einzelnen Vorfällen habe sich vielmehr eine Eigendynamik entwickelt. „Es hat sich wie ein Virus in der Gruppe der Männer verbreitet, sodass ganze Spaliere entstanden – dass man etwa die Brücke, die über den Rhein führt, und den Fußgängerweg blockiert hat und man dort gar nicht mehr passieren konnte', stellte er in einem Interview für die Sputnik-Korrespondentin Ilona Pfeffer fest. 
Die Einsatzkräfte der Polizei seien auf eine solche Situation nicht vorbereitet gewesen. 
„Die Polizei hat die Lage unterschätzt. Man hat gemeint, mit einer geringen Stärke und mit dem Gewährenlassen von weniger schweren Straftaten die Sache im Griff zu behalten. Das hat hier nicht funktioniert. Die Situation war nur auf den ersten Blick so ähnlich, wie das, was man an Massenbewegungen am Rande eines Fußballspiels kennt oder von politischen Demonstrationen. Man hatte kein Vorbild, es gab kein vergleichbares Ereignis. Das hat dazu geführt, dass man von vornherein zu wenige Polizisten vor Ort hatte und diese auch nicht viel ausrichten konnten.' 
Ähnlich sieht es Arnold Plickert, Stellvertretender Bundesvorsitzender der Gewerkschaft der Polizei (GdP): © AFP 2016/ DPA/Markus Boehm „Polizisten guckten und taten nichts': Erkenntnisse zu Kölner Silvesternacht - Studie „Es war für keinen erkennbar, dass es zu Silvester zu solchen Erscheinungen kommt. Das geben übrigens auch die ersten Ergebnisse der SoKo in Köln wieder. Die meisten Personen, die wir als tatverdächtig ermittelt haben, waren erst seit drei bis vier Monaten in Deutschland. Es gab auch keine Absprachen, da hinzugehen, kein koordiniertes Vorgehen.' 
In einigen Fällen habe man trotz Überforderung den Opfern helfen können, so Plickert gegenüber Sputnik. Eine große Zahl von Frauen hat aber laut dem Gutachten von Prof. Rudolf Egg von der Kriminologischen Zentralstelle in Wiesbaden auf ihre Notrufe hin keine adäquate Unterstützung durch die Beamten erhalten. „Bei der Anhörung im Landtag von NRW wurden auch Notrufe abgespielt, die Frauen und Männer abgegeben hatten, und es klang nicht so, als wenn man hochaufmerksam reagiert hätte. Da sagt eine Frau, sie sei begrapscht worden. Für sie ist es eine dramatische Situation und es heißt bloß„Bleiben Sie mal da, wir schicken jemanden vorbei.' Das klingt, als wolle man die Person abwimmeln und würde sie nicht ernst nehmen.' © AFP 2016/ Markus Boehm / dpa Auch direkt vor Ort angesprochene Polizisten hätten den Aussagen der Opfer zufolge die Frauen nicht ernst genommen und keine Hilfe geleistet.
Erklärungsversuche seitens des Polizeigewerkschafters: „Die Kollegen, die dort im Einsatz waren, haben eine äußerst schwierige Situation vorgefunden. Es waren von Anfang an viel zu wenige Kräfte da. Ich kann mir vorstellen, dass Kollegen mit anderen Aufgaben beschäftigt waren und gesagt haben: Ich kann jetzt nicht, gehen Sie zur nächsten Wache. Wenn aber eine Frau, wie es geschildert wurde, von mehreren Personen angegangen wurde, zu zwei Beamten gegangen wäre und die sich nicht gekümmert hätten, weggeguckt hätten, dann wäre das nicht akzeptabel. Man kann die Person nicht mit dem Gefühl stehen lassen: Hier kümmert sich keiner, es ist uninteressant, was ich erlitten habe.' 
Statt eines aktiven Eingreifens seitens der Polizei sollen die Opfer mehrfach den Ratschlag bekommen haben, sich von den Stellen fernzuhalten, wo sie belästigt worden seien. 
„Manchmal ist der Ratschlag, bestimmte Plätze zu meiden, so falsch nicht. Aber das kann nicht die Lösung des Problems sein. Man kann potentiellen Opfern nicht die Verantwortung dafür übertragen, dass nichts passiert. Die Politik und die Sicherheitsorgane müssen sich auf andere Weise darauf vorbereiten, denn die Schuld liegt nicht bei den Opfern, sondern bei den Tätern.', kommentiert Egg. 
Mindestens fraglich ist auch, warum die Polizei angesichts der aus der Kontrolle geratenen Situation keine Verstärkung angefordert hatte. Polizeigewerkschafter Plickert bestätigt, dass es für die Silvesternacht Sofortverstärkungskräfte gegeben hätte, aber die hätten erst aus anderen Behörden angefordert werden müssen und wären zu spät gekommen, um an der Lage in Köln etwas ausrichten zu können. © REUTERS/ Wolfgang Rattay Kölner Silvesternacht: Schrecken vieler Frauen wird zu Schreck für Frau Merkel „Um 22:30 hat es eine Besprechung mit dem Polizeiführer und dem Führer der Bundespolizei gegeben und man hat gemerkt, es läuft aus dem Ruder, und sich dazu entschlossen, den Platz zu räumen. Zu dem Zeitpunkt hätte es keinen Sinn mehr gemacht, eine Hundertschaft anzufordern, denn sie wäre erst gegen 1 Uhr da gewesen. Um 23:25 hat man mit der Räumung begonnen und diese ist auch relativ unproblematisch verlaufen.' 
Nun gelte es, unter anderem in dem Untersuchungsausschuss im Düsseldorfer Landtag, der bereits 49 Sitzungen hinter sich hat, bei denen Zeugen und Gutachter gehört werden, das Geschehene zu analysieren und die richtigen Schlüsse daraus zu ziehen. 
„Wir werden uns zukünftig einsatzmäßig anders aufstellen. Es wird ein gemeinsames Sicherheitskonzept mit der Stadt geben. An solchen Plätzen gibt es eine Videoüberwachung und ich gehe davon aus, dass in solchen Tagen auch die Räume besser ausgeleuchtet werden. Letztes Silvester waren wir mit 130 Landespolizisten in Köln eingesetzt, dieses Jahr gehe ich davon aus, dass wir mit 1000 Polizisten präsent sein werden. Ich glaube, alle Bundesländer werden sich in der kommenden Silvesternacht kräftemäßig besser aufstellen, weil alle diese Szenarien von Köln vor Augen haben', sagt Polizeigewerkschafter Arnold Plickert. 
Ilona Pfeffer
ARTICLE

22 1655 6 24 Gleich mehrere Polizisten in Bayern und Sachsen-Anhalt sind in den letzten Tagen bei Auseinandersetzungen mit „Reichsbürgern' getötet bzw. verletzt worden. Zugleich werden immer mehr Fälle bekannt, wo sich Beamte zu den "Reichsbürgern" bekennen. Ein Paradoxon? © AFP 2016/ Ronny Hartmann Razzia in Bayern: „Reichsbürger' schießt auf Polizisten – vier Verletzte Die Reichbürgerbewegung ist eine uneinheitliche Gruppe von Personen, die die Bundesrepublik als solche nicht anerkennen und sich das Deutsche Reich mit den Grenzen von 1937 zurückwünschen. Die „Reichsbürger' gehen davon aus, dass das Deutsche Reich völkerrechtlich bis heute fortbestehe, da die Weimarer Reichsverfassung weder von den Nationalsozialisten noch von den alliierten Siegermächten des Zweiten Weltkriegs jemals abgeschafft wurde. Die Bundesrepublik sei hingegen nicht mit diesem identisch — somit verfassungsrechtlich, illegal und juristisch nicht existent.
Zu der Razzia im mittelfränkischen Ort Georgensgmünd, bei der durch die Schüsse des 49-jährigen Jägers einer der vier Einsatzkräfte des SEK ums Leben kam und drei verletzt wurden, erklärte der Innenminister von Bayern, Joachim Herrmann bei der Pressekonferenz am letzten Mittwoch folgendes: "Ich will ausdrücklich hervorheben, dass es auch Reichbürger gibt, die nicht gewaltverdächtig und nicht unbedingt extremistisch anzusehen sind." 
Alle Reichsdeutschen als rechtsextrem zu bezeichnen hält der ehemalige Oberstleutnant der Kriminalpolizei und Rechtsextremismus-Experte von Exit-Deutschland, Dr. Bernd Wagner auch für falsch, aber: 
„Die meisten von ihnen sind in der Tat rechtsextrem und man kann nicht die Augen davor verschließen, dass auch Rechtsextremisten anderer politischer Parteien und Organisationen bei den sogenannten Reichbürgern mitwirken.' © Sputnik/ Ramil Sitdickov Preußen statt Bund: „Reichsbürger' bestellt sich Kalaschnikow Vorfälle mit den sogenannten Reichsbürgern gibt es bereits seit Jahren immer wieder. Nichtige Anlässe wie etwa eine KFZ-Kontrolle oder die Identitätsfeststellung würden mit dem Verweis auf Nichtzuständigkeit abgelehnt. Da könne sich dann solch eine Auseinandersetzung hochschaukeln, bei der die Polizei gezwungen sei, teilweise mit körperlicher Gewalt zu reagieren, beklagt der Landesvorsitzende der GdP in Sachsen-Anhalt, Uwe Petermann, gegenüber Sputnik.
Um die Bildung einer Parallelgesellschaft zu verhindern und um den Schutz der Beamten und der Bevölkerung zu garantieren, müsse hier alles getan werden, um das staatliche Gewaltmonopol zu behalten, betont er. So müsse man Verstöße sofort ahnden, denn der Ansatz durch die Negierung der Bundesrepublik sei verfassungswidrig, erklärt der Gewerkschaftler: 
'Aber ob nun diese Menschen die verfassungsgemäße Ordnung stürzen wollen, ist eine andere Frage. Sie versuchen sich intelligent zu verhalten und solche Dinge zu verschleiern. Somit müssen diese Personen durch den Verfassungsschutz beobachtet werden, um auch möglicherweise ein verfassungsfeindliches Vorgehen zu erkennen und dementsprechend durch den Staat reagieren zu können. Die Reichbürger sind kein geschlossener Verein, wie z.B. die NPD. Somit gibt es keine geschlossene Organisation, die man verbieten könnte. Man muss immer gegen einen einzelnen Reichbürger verfahren und sehen, wo dieser Gesetze verletzt hat. Das ist auch die Schwierigkeit, die der Staat derzeit hat." 
Auch der Experte von Exit-Deutschland sieht es ähnlich: 'Man kann in der Bundesrepublik, da es ein demokratischer Rechtsstaat ist, alle möglichen extremistischen Positionen vertreten. Mit der Tötung des Polizisten in Bayern ist aber nun ein Präzedenzfall geschaffen, der auf eine gesteigerte Aggressivität der Personenkreise hinweist. Und da wird das Thema Verbot verschiedener Strömungen insofern, dass sie sich organisatorisch gebunden zeigen, durchaus gestellt.' 
Vermehrt wurden zugleich in Bayern, Sachsen-Anhalt und Berlin Fälle bekannt, bei denen sich auch Beamte zu sogenannten Reichsbürgern bekannt haben. Die Behörden haben reagiert. Es wurden Disziplinarverfahren eingeleitet und zum Teil auch Beamte vom Dienst suspendiert. © AFP 2016/ DANIEL ROLAND „Reichsbürger' in Georgensgmünd : Polizist erliegt Schussverletzungen 
Von einem Trend könne man hier noch nicht reden, betont der Pressesprecher der GdP-Berlin, Benjamin Jendro, in einem Telefongespräch mit Sputnik. Doch es ist schon auffällig, dass allein in den letzten Wochen den Berichten zu Folge mindestens acht solcher Fälle bekannt wurden. Sind etwa Staatsbedienstete eher für Reichs-Ideologien anfällig? 
Der Kriminologe und Rechtsextremismus-Experte Wagner kennt die Psychologie der Polizisten und erklärt dieses Phänomen folgendermaßen: 
„Beamte sehen in einer relativ liberalen Rechtsordnung ein großes Problem. Es stört sie, wenn Gesetzte nicht eingehalten werden. Wenn auch eigene Staatskollegen recht freischaffend manches Gesetz interpretieren. Diese wünschen sich mehr Kohärenz und mehr Stärke des Rechts. Wenn nun die Rechtsordnung nicht eingehalten wird, ist es für diese Personen, auch in Verbindung mit manchen Diensterlebnissen, sehr schmerzhaft. Dafür gibt es Erklärungen. Und Reichsbürger geben eben einfache Erklärungen. Das öffnet den Kopf für alternative Ideen. ' © Fotolia/ bilderstoeckchen "Reichsbürger" empfing Polizei mit Waffe und Schutzweste - Pressekonferenz in Bayern Bernd Wagner hat viele Erfahrungen mit Aussteigern aus der Reichsbürgerszene und Organisationen, wie dem Freistaat-Preußen, Königreich-Deutschland oder den Selbstverwaltern. Auch einen ehemaligen Postminister der brandenburgischen Reichsregierung hatte der Gründer von Exit-Deutschland beraten. 
Immer wieder bedauern ehemalige Aktivisten ihre verlorene Zeit in solchen Organisationen, stellt der Experte dabei fest. Man solle sich doch lieber den kritischen Fragen aus der Gegenwartshaltung nähern, gesellschaftliche Kritik im Rahmen einer bestehenden Rechtsordnung anbringen und sich politisch engagieren, meint er. Man dürfte allerdings stark annehmen, dass das Problem der der ansteigenden Militanz seitens dieser Gruppierungen nicht allzu bald und auch nicht von selbst wieder verschwinden wird. ...
ARTICLE

Get short URL 0 8 0 0 A parliamentary inquiry reports that there are four Ku Klux Klan-affiliated groups currently operating in Germany. © AP Photo/ Markus Schreiber Strangers in Their Homeland: Germans Leaving Germany En Masse Due to Migrants While the groups have very low membership, they are suspected of committing at least 68 crimes in Germany since 2001. Their members also include at least two police officers, though it remains unclear whether they are still on the force.
'The low membership numbers cannot discount the danger that emanates from such organizations,' Left Party politician Monika Renner told the Sueddeutsche Zeitung newspaper. 
Germany is currently seeing a surge in hate crimes following the acceptance of an estimated one million refugees last year. The Bundesamt für Verfassungsschutz (BfV), Germany's intelligence agency, recorded 990 hate crimes in 2014, and 1,408 in 2015. 
The BfV also recorded 75 arson attacks on refugee centers in 2015. There were just five such attacks in 2014. © AFP 2016/ Sven Hoppe 'One thing is clear – a state under the rule of law can never accept racist violence. We need to do everything we can to quickly catch the perpetrators and rigorously punish them,' German Justice Minister Heiko Maas stated.
Amnesty International has stated that their researchers observed an 87 percent increase in hate crimes between 2013-2015. 'With hate crimes on the rise in Germany, long-standing and well-documented shortcomings in the response of law enforcement agencies to racist violence must be addressed,' Marco Perolini, Amnesty International's European Union researcher, stated . 'There are many factors that point to the existence of institutional racism with German law enforcement agencies. This question needs to asked, and it needs to be answered… This is not a time for complacency, but for law enforcement agencies to take a long, hard look in the mirror.' 
The nation has also seen a rise in sexual assault, theft, and rape, especially by people with refugee status. There has been a noticeable uptick since the mass attacks on New Year's Eve in Cologne. ...
ARTICLE

Get short URL 0 8 0 0 Governor Tom Wolf of the US state of Pennsylvania has overlooked more than 600 studies that reveal fracking as a public hazard that endangers the health of children attending school near drilling wells, advocacy group Pennsylvanians Against Fracking (PAF) told Sputnik. 
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) — Researchers at the Yale School of Public Health conducted a study that established a connection between fracking and cancer-causing chemicals, which includes some that are known to cause childhood leukemia and lymphoma. Top US Scientist Says Humanity is Too Late to Stop Global Warming "[Wolf] has not made one statement on any of the studies that I'm aware of," PAF founding member Karen Feridun told Sputnik on Wednesday. "The governor has blinders on." 
The advocacy group noted in a release that 685 studies conducted in Pennsylvania have linked asthma attacks, migraines, fatigue and chronic nasal and sinus problems to fracking. © RIA Novosti. Aleksey Nikolskyi Hillary Tells Big Oil That Environmentalism is a Russian Hoax to Wreck Economy "Governor Wolf has ignored them all. But the clear next steps laid out in the Yale study demand his attention," the release stated. 
More than 8,500 Pennsylvania children go to school within half a mile of drilling activities, according to the release. Moreover, about 58,000 children attend school a mile away from drilling activities and nearly 132,000 children attend school two miles away from drilling activities, the release added. 
The PAF is consequently calling for Wolf to halt fracking in Pennsylvania amid the hundreds of research studies that link health concerns to fracking, and especially as they relate to children. 
Pennsylvania ranks second in gas production in the United States and about 9,700 unconventional wells have been built in the state since 2004. ...
ARTICLE

Get short URL 0 13 0 0 The 40-million strong African American community deserved "new deal" to transform their communities, safety and economic prospects as well as the future of their children, Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump told a campaign rally in Charlotte, North Carolina. 
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) — The city of Charlotte was the site of a mass-murder that shocked the United States last year when nine African Americans holding a Bible study in their church were shot dead. A young white racist Dylann Storm Roof is facing trial charged with the crime. © REUTERS/ Mike Segar Half of US Voters Concerned About Potential Violence on Election Day "[It is time for] a new deal for black America," Trump said in on Wednesday. "I am asking for the honor of your vote and the privilege of serving as your president and I will not let you down… Whether you vote for me or not , I will be your greatest champion." © AP Photo/ Don Ryan Black Lives Matter Activist Endorses Clinton for US President in Opinion Article 
Trump said he proposed a three-point plan for the African American community that focused on creating safe communities, great education and high paying jobs. "My vision rests on a principle that has defined this campaign right from the beginning: It is called America First… Every African American citizen in this country is entitled to a job that puts them first… I work for you and I work only for you," Trump noted. ...
ARTICLE

Get short URL 0 16 0 0 Indian and Russian defense delegations discussed joint defense projects and defense issues of mutual interest, in particular, the Sukhoi/HAL Fifth Generation Fighter Aircraft (FGFA) and the upgrade of the Sukhoi Su-30MKI fighter, the sources at the Indian Defense Ministry sources told Sputnik. 
NEW DELHI (Sputnik) — On Wednesday, the India-Russia intergovernmental commission on military and technical cooperation held a meeting in New Delhi, bringing together the delegations headed by Russian Defense Minister Sergei Shoigu and his Indian counterpart Manohar Parrikar. © AP Photo/ Aijaz Rahi India Seeks Foreign Defense Firm to Build Domestic Single-Engine Fighters 
"We discussed… the FGFA project and [upgrade] of SU-31 MKI which is presently India's priority," the sources said on Wednesday. 
The Russian-Indian FGFA has stealth capabilities and is based on the Russian T-50 prototype jet. The FGFA project came about following the signing of a Russian-Indian cooperation agreement on October 18, 2007. Su-30MKI (Flanker-H) multirole fighter
ARTICLE

Get short URL 0 6 0 0 Secret surveillance software developed by US communication giant AT&T to track and spy on drug traffickers for the government appears to have been migrated to be used as a universal tool to surveil the company's entire network, additionally bringing profits to the multinational conglomerate, new documents reveal. New Reality: Future Space Weapons Will Be Able to Destroy Enemy Satellites The quietly developed program, known as Project Hemisphere, was first detailed by the New York Times in 2013, but few know when the program was initially launched. In the 2000s, AT&T was said to have created software to dig through its databases, in an attempt to identify criminal activity. The communications company was revealed in 2007 to have handed over personal user data to law enforcement, causing public outcry.
In the 2013 Times report, Project Hemisphere was branded as a cooperative effort between AT&T and the Federal Drug Administration. It was said that the communication corporation used its data-mining software to surveil its phone records, analyzing and handing over information to authorities. The data includes user locations, timing of conversations, as well as possible reasons for talks. © REUTERS/ Mike Blake Nevermind Transparency: White House Unlikely to Declassify Secret Yahoo Email Order AT&T is the second-largest communication provider in the US, after Verizon, and operates a large complement of cell towers and wireless infrastructure. It retains cellphone records of its customers, beginning in 2008.
On Tuesday, the Daily Beast released AT&T documents detailing that the corporation has been quietly cooperating with law enforcement for years, providing huge amounts of data on customers without going through the legal channels required by US law. 
Episodes include the concealed facilitation by AT&T into far-reaching homicide and Medicaid fraud inquiries. The only condition that AT&T laid down on the federal surveillance agencies was that the phone company not be revealed to have freely participated in investigations. One paper details that the corporation sought to disallow law enforcement to use evidence obtained through Project Hemisphere in court. From Flying Start to Abrupt End: Sweden Bans Drone Photography 'The Government agency agrees not to use the data as evidence in any judicial or administrative proceedings unless there is no other available and admissible probative evidence,' the 2014 statement reads.
Adam Schwartz, a lawyer for the Electronic Frontier Foundation, explained that the request pushed investigators to create false investigative narratives, that allowed for digging up evidence on suspects and keeping their sources hidden. In the meantime, AT&T enjoyed growing revenues from allowing authorities to use Project Hemisphere. According to documents, the spy-program earnings grew, from $77,924 in 2007, to $940,000 in 2011. 
Christopher Soghoian, an ACLU analyst, sees Project Hemisphere as a natural evolution of AT&T's cooperation with federal surveillance networks. 
'They've developed this massive program and of course they're going to sell it to as many people as possible,' he said to the Daily Beast. 
The revelation has stirred controversy in the US, especially in the wake of the recently-announced merger deal between AT&T and Time Warner, which still must undergo regulatory scrutiny before being closed. ...
ARTICLE

0 4 0 1 Americans will not vote for Republican   because his proposed vision for the future of the United States is divisive, Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton said at a campaign rally in Tampa, Florida on Wednesday. 
  During his presidential campaign , Trump pointed out that the US immigration system is very much in need of reform to prevent illegal immigrants, among which criminals, from entering the United States. Trump has also shared his plan to build a wall along the border with Mexico to that end and met in late August with Mexican president Enrique Pena Nieto. © AP Photo/ Joe Raedle/Pool via AP, File Keep Calm and Demonize Trump: WikiLeaks Exposes Clinton Aides' Plan "The American people are going to reject Trump's divisive vision of America," Clinton stated at the rally on Wednesday. "Florida is paving the way of what our country is going to look like." 
Clinton argued that Trump's comments about illegal immigrants, minorities and women has shown divisiveness and brought more independent and Republican voters to the Democratic camp. "I am proud to have support from Republicans and independents across America who agree with me that we should reject hate and division," Clinton noted . 
In September, the union of US National Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) employees endorsed Trump for president of the United States. ...
ARTICLE

Get short URL 0 0 0 0 Canadian Minister of Foreign Affairs Stephane Dion will highlight Ottawa's recommitment to international peacekeeping efforts when he co-chairs a ministerial peacekeeping conference in Paris on October 27, Global Affairs Canada said in a press release. 
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) — Representatives from the International Organization of La Francophonie, the United Nations and the European Union will attend the conference, which aims to advance peace in francophone regions, the release said. © REUTERS/ Stephane Mahe Economic Realities May Force Russia to Rethink Climate Change Priorities - US Envoy "Minister Dion will deliver remarks at the plenary session during which he will highlight Canada's re-engagement in UN peacekeeping operations," the release stated on Wednesday. 
In August, Canadian Defense Minister Harjit Sajjan announced Canada would commit 600 troops and $450 million to UN peacekeeping operations. 
Seven of the 16 UN peacekeeping missions are in French-speaking regions, accounting for 55 percent of the peacekeeping operations budget. ...
ARTICLE

Get short URL 0 1 0 0 Following the US Navy's latest provocative patrol near land reclamation projects in the South China Sea, China has ordered nonmilitary to avoid the region as it prepares to launch new military drills. 
Last week, the US Navy conducted its latest "freedom of navigation" exercise near Beijing's artificial islands in the Paracel chain. The Chinese defense ministry called the move both"illegal" and "provocative." Phillipines Deal With China to 'Ease Tensions in the South China Sea' 
In response, a statement released by the country's Maritime Safety Administration indicates that Beijing will conduct military drills near the Paracels throughout the day on Thursday, according to the Japan Times . 
The US and its Pacific allies have objected to the construction of the islands, claiming it's an attempt by Beijing to establish an air defense zone. China has denied these allegations and maintains that it has the right to build within its own territory and that the islands will use primarily for humanitarian purposes. 
The South China Sea is a highly-contested region through which roughly $5 trillion in international trade passes annually. Most of it is claimed by China, but there are overlapping claims by Brunei, Taiwan, the Philippines, Vietnam, and Malaysia. © AP Photo/ Bullit Marquez China Sensitive About Appearance of US Containment in Region - Intelligence 
Last week's maneuver by the USS Decatur was the fourth of its kind within the last year, as part of the Pentagon's effort to challenge China's "excessive maritime claims." It also came amid recent statements from Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte that Manila would move away from its US obligations as part of an effort to increase ties with China and Russia. 
"I announce my separation from the United States. Both in military, not maybe social, but economics also," Duterte said. "I've realigned myself in your ideological flow and maybe I will also go to Russia to talk to [President Vladimir] Putin and tell him that there are three of us against the world – China, Philippines, and Russia." © Flickr/ Naval Surface Warriors Waning Influence: Washington Losing Its Grip and Its Allies in Asia Pacific 
New provocations are likely a sign of the US losing its influence in the Pacific. 
"Washington has suffered geopolitical setbacks in virtually every nation in Asia Pacific, including those now led by regimes it has meticulously organized, funded, and backed for decades. It is also waning, however, among those nations considered long-time and crucial US allies," geopolitical researcher Tony Cartalucci wrote in an article for New Eastern Outlook, pointing out that Thailand is also drawing away from the US. 
"What used to be a military dominated by American hardware and military exercises, is transforming with the acquisition of Chinese tanks, European warplanes, Middle Eastern assault rifles, Russian helicopters, and Thai-made armored vehicles." ...
ARTICLE

2016 US Presidential Election ( 45 ) 0 14 0 0 Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump claimed he will have spent more than $100 million of his own money on his candidacy by Election Day, US media reported. 
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) — According to the candidates' latest filings with the US Federal Election Commission, through September 30 Trump personally has contributed $56.1 million to his own campaign. During the same period Clinton has given $1.3 million to her campaign. © REUTERS/ Carlos Barria Clinton Claims US Voters to Reject Trump's 'Divisive Vision of America' "I'll have over $100 million in the campaign, and I'm prepared to go much more than that," Trump told CNN after a ribbon-cutting ceremony Wednesday for his new hotel in Washington, DC. "Hillary Clinton has nothing in the campaign. She's all special interests and donors, and they give her the money then she will do whatever they tell her to do." 
Trump declined to give details when asked to specify how much he will spend between now and Election Day, November 8. ...
ARTICLE

Get short URL 0 9 0 0 The opposition forces of Venezuela have called on their followers to take part in a 12-hour "general strike" on Friday and set a deadline for the government and the elections commission to activate a recall referendum on presidential term. 
CARACAS (Sputnik) – On Tuesday, the opposition-led National Assembly voted to initiate impeachment proceedings against Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro , claiming he had violated democracy, to which the president accused lawmakers of trying to stage a parliamentary coup. © AFP 2016/ George Castellanos Over 20 Injured, Almost 40 Detained in Venezuelan Opposition Protests - Rights Group "We are convening a general strike on Friday, everyone in their homes," Jesus Torrealba, the executive secretary for the Mesa de la Unidad Democratica (MUD) opposition coalition told reporters on Wednesday. 
Torrealba added that the coalition was giving the government and the electoral commission until Sunday, October 30, to activate the referendum . There will be another rally on November 3 if they fail to comply with the demand, according to him. 
On Wednesday, opposition leader Henrique Capriles initiated a large-scale peaceful protest across the country to defend the nation's right to a referendum on Maduro's recall. ...
ARTICLE

Get short URL 0 17 0 0 Another tremor of magnitude of 4.6 was registered in central Italy in the late hours of Wednesday, following two earthquakes earlier in the day, the head of Italy's civil protection agency, Fabrizio Curcio, said. 
ROME (Sputnik) – Earlier in the day, two earthquakes of magnitudes of 6.3 and 5.4 hit the region of Marche. © AFP 2016/ Richter magnitude scale "Another earthquake of magnitude of 4.6 took place at 23:42 [21:42 GMT] in the same zone as two earlier tremors," Curcio told a briefing as broadcast by the RaiNews24 television channel. 
According to Curcio, the situation is not catastrophic and nobody has been killed. ...
ARTICLE

Gültan KisanakGültan KisanakAprès l'arrestation mardi soir de Gültan Kisanak et de Firat Anli, les deux co-maires de la grande ville kurde de Diyarbakir, les représentants du HDP en Europe appellent les parlements et les institutions internationales à exprimer leur opposition aux pratiques illégales du gouvernement turc.Selon les informations recueillies par les représentants du parti kurde HDP ( Parti Démocratique des Peuples ), Firat Anli, l'un des deux maires de Diyarbakir a été interpellé à son domicile, tandis que sa collègue Gültan Kisanak, était arrêtée à l'aéroport de Diyarbakir à sa descente de l'avion qui la ramenait d'Ankara. Les domiciles des deux maires ont été fouillés, ainsi que les bâtiments du conseil minicipal.Gültan Kisanak a été en 2014 la première femme élue maire de Diyarbakir, la grande ville du sud-est de la Turquie, considérée comme la « capitale » de la région kurde. Officiellement, c'est elle qui est maire de la ville, mais la tradition kurde veut qu'il y ait toujours un homme et une femme à la tête d'une commune, pour respecter la parité.Ancienne journaliste, Gültan Lisanak est une figure très connue du mouvement pour les droits démocratiques en Turquie. Co-présidente de l'ancien parti BDP ( qui deviendra par la suite le HDP ), elle est aujourd'hui la présidente de tous les maires des villes du Sud-Est de la Turquie, qu'elle représente auprès dans les discussions auprès des instances officielles.Gültan Lisanak avait déjà été arrêtée lors du coup d'état militaire de 1980, et torturée pour avoir refusé de renoncer à son identité kurde.« Chaque jour était un combat pour survivre », a-t-elle expliqué au site de presse Al Monitor, pour décrire ses conditions de survie dans l'ancienne prison de Diyarbakir, qu'elle décrit comme un « enfer » où « les abus avaient pris des proportions barbares. »Gültan Kisanak a déjà passé en tout quatre années et demi de sa vie en prison.En l'interpellant hier, c'est donc à une figure politique majeure de la Turquie et du peuple kurde que s'en prend le gouvernement d'Erdogan. Son collègue, Firat Anli,est avocat, c'est un militant connu des Droits de l'Homme.Le HDP parle d'une volonté d'Erdogan et de son parti l'AKP, « d'anéantir la volonté politique du peuple kurde et de l'opposition démocratique dans le pays. » Au cours d'une conférence de presse qui a suivi l'arrestation des deux co-maires de Diyarbakir, le procureur a accusé, sans présenter de preuve, les deux élus de collaborer avec les combattants kurdes du PKK, accusation rituellement avancée dès qu'il s'agit d'arrêter ou de destituer des élus kurdes.26 élus locaux kurdes ont déjà été démis de leurs fonctions par les autorités turques depuis le mois de juillet.Pour le HDP, la détention des deux co-maires de Diyarbakir est « contraire aux droits de l'homme, » et « contredit de nombreuses conventions internationales dont la Turquie est signataire. »Le parti kurde appelle toutes les organisations non gouvernementales, les partis politiques, les « forces de démocratie et de paix », les institutions internationales et parlements « à ne pas rester silencieux face à cette illégalité, et à exprimer leurs réactions par la voie démocratique. »Passée en 20 ans de 250 000 à un million 600 000 habitants, la ville de Diyarbakir est une ville emblématique de l'Anatolie du sud-est. Elle a été marquée l'hiver dernier par des affrontements violents entre des jeunes habitants de la ville, soumis à un régime de couvre-feu et de contrôles permanents, et les forces spéciales de l'armée turque, qui avaient déployé des très importants moyens militaires ( véhicules blindés, barrages, militaires lourdement armés.. ) Le quartier historique de Sur, a été le lieu des affrontements les plus violents avec les forces spéciales turques.
ARTICLE

Get short URL 0 0 0 0 The US military conducted airstrikes targeting two senior al-Qaeda leaders in Afghanistan's Kunar Province, Department of Defense spokesperson Peter Cook said in a statement. 
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) — In April, Maj. Gen. Jeff Buchanan, the deputy chief of staff for Operation Resolute Support, admitted that previous US estimates on al-Qaeda's presence in Afghanistan were too low. 
According to Buchanan and other Operation Resolute Support officials, the al-Qaeda terror group has formed ties with the Taliban militants since 2010. "On October 23rd, US forces conducted precision strikes in Kunar Province, Afghanistan, targeting Faruq al-Qatani and Bilal al-Utabi, two of al-Qaeda's most senior leaders in Afghanistan," the statement said on Wednesday. "We are still assessing the results of the strikes." ...
ARTICLE

Get short URL 0 4 0 0 President Barack Obama's four day visit to Chicago and the resort of Palm Beach in Florida in 2013 cost $3.6 million with almost a quarter of the costs being incurred by the US Department of Defense, a Government Accountability Office (GAO) report said. 
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) — According to White House officials, Obama flies on military aircraft whenever he travels — whether for official, political, or other non-official reasons — in order to be able to communicate instantly with the US military, the GAO observed. 
"GAO estimated that the major costs incurred by the Department of Defense and the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) for the president's travel to Chicago, Illinois and Palm Beach, Florida, from February 15, 2013 through February 18, 2013, were about $3.6 million," the report stated on Wednesday. 
About $2.8 million of the costs were incurred by the Defense Department and $0.77 million by two agencies within the DHS — the US Coast Guard and the Secret Service, the GAO noted. 
"These costs consisted of the operating expenses of the president's aircraft, supporting aircraft, and US Coast Guard small boats; and travel expenses, which include per diem (lodging and meals), commercial airfare, and rental cars for DOD and DHS personnel supporting the trip," the report explained. ...
ARTICLE

0 22 1 0 The UN Joint Investigative Mechanism (JIM) in Syria needs to include broader functions if its mandate is to be extended, Russian Ambassador to the United Nations Vitaly Churkin said after a UN Security Council meeting. 
UNITED NATIONS (Sputnik) — Churkin explained that Russia had previously proposed expanding the JIM's mandate to track reports of terrorist groups preparing or using chemical weapons, but the proposal was blocked. © AP Photo/ Channi Anand India, China Set to Announce Mechanism to Counter Extremism "We need to understand, if we are to extend the mandate of JIM, if some added value can be given to it," Churkin told reporters on Wednesday. "First, we need to understand what the fourth report is going to be. We are discussing that tomorrow." 
Overall, Churkin said the scope of the JIM had been too narrow and the value of their product was questionable. 
The Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons United Nations Joint Investigative Mechanism was established in 2015 and allows for the investigation and prosecution of alleged war crimes involving chemical weapons in Syria. 
The UN Security Council is scheduled to discuss the JIM again on Thursday. ...
ARTICLE

Get short URL 0 3 0 0 Buddy Blackwell asked his wife Glenda, 57, to pick him up two Powerball tickets over the weekend. Annoyed with her husband wasting money, she bought a $10 Carolina Millions scratch ticket for herself, just to prove that nobody ever wins. © Photo: Pixabay "I was going to be ugly and buy a scratch off to show him they didn't hit," Blackwell told WLOS . "Sometimes I get aggravated with him, so I tell him, 'You're just wasting your money.'"
But her plan to teach him a lesson backfired when — she won a million dollars. 
"I had to eat my words, but they were worth eating," Blackwell said while laughing. "So, I was very happy." 
The Blackwells traveled to Raleigh to collect their check, opting to take a lump sum of $415,000 after taxes. Their other option would have been 20 yearly payments of $50,000, but Glenda was concerned that she would not live that long, due to health issues. "We've struggled a lot, so now we can buy our own home and our own land. It'll be paid for and I don't have to worry about that no more," Glenda Blackwell said. "So, that's what I plan to do with some of the money and the other part I plan to help my daughter and to put money up for my two granddaughters for college." 
Glenda said that she and her husband will not purchase any more lottery tickets. ...
ARTICLE

Get short URL 0 6 0 0 US President Barack Obama spoke by phone with Turksih President Recep Tayyip Erdogan and noted the need for Washington and Ankara to coordinate efforts against the Daesh group in Syria, the White House said in a press release. 
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) — Erdogan is at odds with Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi over Ankara's role in US-led coalition operation in Moshul after Abadi demanded Turkish troops withdrawal from the base in the northern city of Bashiqa. "President Obama noted the need for close coordination between the United States and Turkey to build on these successes and to apply sustained pressure on ISIL [Daesh] in Syria to reduce threats to the United States, Turkey, and elsewhere," the release stated on Wednesday. ...
ARTICLE

Get short URL 0 16 0 0 As the mystery around Tabby's Star continues, the Breakthrough Initiative is preparing to commit massive resources to the settle the "alien megastructure" debate. 
Astronomers first detected an anomaly around star KIC 8462852 last October. Nicknamed Tabby's star, the celestial object features an odd dimming pattern. While some early potential explanations included comets, distortion, and space debris, none have provided a completely satisfactory solution. Astronomers Launch Search for Extraterrestrials in Potential 'Alien Megastructure' 
The more fanciful answer is that KIC 8462852 is surrounded by a Dyson sphere, an alien megastructure built by an advanced civilization to harness the sun's energy. The Breakthrough Listen initiative, founded by Russian tycoon Yuri Milner, plans to spend over $100 million to investigate the star over the next ten years. 
"The Green Bank Telescope is the largest fully steerable radio telescope on the planet, and it's the largest, most sensitive telescope that's capable of looking at Tabby's Star given its position in the sky," Breakthrough Listen co-director Andrew Siemion said in a statement, according to Space.com . 
"We've deployed a fantastic new SETI instrument that connects to that telescope, that can look at many gigahertz of bandwidth simultaneously and many, many billions of different radio channels all at the same time so we can explore the radio spectrum very, very quickly." 
The telescope's observations began Wednesday night, and will continue for eight hours each night, for three nights over the next two-month period. 
Other organizations have launched independent investigations into Tabby's Star, including a Kickstarter campaign launched by the Yale astronomer Tabby Boyajian, who penned an initial study into the strange celestial object. Having raised over $100,000, that project plans to spend a year analyzing the star's luminosity with the Las Cumbres Observatory Global Telescope Network. NASA Earth-Like, Water-Rich Planets Could Be Common to Red Dwarfs 
As to whether new observations will uncover aliens, most scientists remain skeptical. "I don't think it's very likely – a one-in-a-billion chance or something like that – but nevertheless, we're going to check it out," Dan Werthimer, chief scientists at Berkeley SETI, said in the same statement. 
"But I think that ET, if it's ever discovered, it might be something like that. It'll be some bizarre thing that somebody finds by accident…that nobody expected, and then we look more carefully and we say, 'Hey, that's a civilization.'" 
Of course, even if the Dyson sphere theory turns out to be true, that does not necessarily indicate life. Given the distance of the star, it will have taken 1,500 years for its light to reach Earth, meaning that we can only observe the star as it was 1,500 years ago. 
The civilization could be long gone. ...
ARTICLE

Get short URL 0 13 0 0 This would actually be a best-case scenario for the European Space Agency, as a software glitch on the ExoMars Schiaparelli lander, which crashed on the surface of Mars October 19, would be easier to remedy than a hardware issue. 
Andrea Accomazzo, the ESA's head of solar and planetary missions told the journal Nature, "If we have a serious technological issue, then it's different, then we have to re-evaluate carefully…But I don't expect it to be the case." © Photo: Pixabay If a Trip to Mars Doesn't Kill You It Might Cause Massive Brain Damage and More The spacecraft consisted of a Schiaparelli entry, descent and landing demonstrator module, and a Trace Gas Orbiter (TGO), and was a joint venture between ESA and Russian space agency Roscosmos. 
ExoMars' chief objective was to confirm markers of active geological and biological processes on the red planet by seeking evidence of methane gases, which have been detected by past Mars missions, along with other atmospheric gases. 
Nature noted that the mission was "a prelude to a planned 2020 mission, when researchers aim to land a much larger scientific station and rover on Mars, which will drill up to 2-metres down to look for signs of ancient life in the planet's soil." © Photo: Pixabay Next Small Step & Giant Leap: United States to Send Humans to Mars by 2030 
The TGO entered Mars orbit last week after a seventh-month trek and now makes it way around the planet every 4.2 days, but never sent back signals indicating that the descent module made a successful landing on the planet's surface. NASA released images Friday taken by the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter (MRO) that show what appeared to be scorch marks near the area where the craft was supposed to have touched down, implying that it may have exploded on impact. 
Project scientist Jorge Vago suggested that ExoMars' parachute and heat shields may have deployed prematurely, and the thrusters, which are supposed to engage for 30 seconds, shut after three seconds due to a software glitch. © Photo: Pixabay Mars 'Ain't No Limit': Elon Musk Envisions Future Colonization of Space 
He told Nature, "My guess is that at that point we were still too high…And the most likely scenario is that, from then, we just dropped to the surface." An investigation is ongoing, and data gleaned over the near future will determine whether ExoMars is intact, but the ESA said all of the craft's main goals had been achieved and the mission was a success, despite the unexpected impact. 
"As it is, we have one part that works very well and one part that didn't work as we expected,' said Vago. 'The silver lining is that we think we have in hand the necessary information to fix the problem." 
The ESA had a similar experience in 2003 when the British-led Beagle 2 mission disappeared attempting to make a Christmas Day landing on Mars. ...
ARTICLE

Get short URL 0 28 0 0 UN Security Council members have expressed differing views and failed to agree on New Zealand's draft resolution on Aleppo, the country's ambassador to the United Nations Gerard van Bohemen said after a Security Council meeting. 
UNITED NATIONS (Sputnik) — New Zealand started working on a draft resolution on the Syrian city of Aleppo earlier this month after the French-Spanish and Russian draft resolutions were vetoed by the UN Security Council. © Sputnik/ Michael Alaeddin UN Failed to Carry Adequate Medical Evacuations in Aleppo - Churkin "Earlier this week, we had the curious situation that one side of the debate said the key paragraph in our draft was not acceptable because it would stop all air attacks over Aleppo and the others said it was unacceptable because it would not. Both cannot be right. Yet for now, there is no prospect of navigating these mutually inconsistent positions," van Bohemen stated on Wednesday. 
Van Bohemen expressed regret that "geopolitics are being put ahead of people and once again preventing agreement on effective international action." ...
ARTICLE

Get short URL 0 24 0 0 A new study finds (perhaps unsurprisingly) that the wealthy do not pay attention to others, perceiving them as holding less 'motivational relevance." 
Using Google Glass, a hands-free wearable computer designed to look like eyeglasses, New York University researchers sought to track the eye movements of 61 New Yorkers who were instructed to look at whatever caught their attention while walking down the street. Second Time's the Charm? Google Reveals New Glass Wearable The Google Glass video camera, placed over the right eye, recorded their gaze. Researchers wrote in the journal Psychological Science that, although socio-economic status did not account for how often a person looked at others, there was nonetheless a correlation between class and interest in others, with wealthier people spending the least amount of time looking at others. 
Researchers theorized that "people's social class affects their appraisals of others' motivational relevance—the degree to which others are seen as potentially rewarding, threatening, or otherwise worth attending to." Here Lives a Wealthy Man: 8 Countries With the World's Richest 1% 
LiveScience wrote that the "findings make a compelling case that social classes differ in their judgments of other people's significance," adding, "…one possible explanation may be that, for people in higher social classes, other human beings hold less 'motivational relevance' — a psychology term that means how worthy of one's attention something or someone is, based on how much reward or threat might be linked with that object or person." Google Glass can sense where a person turns their head, but not necessarily where the eyes are directed, so scientists followed up with a device that tracks eye movements, timed to street scenes in New York City. This yielded the same outcome. 
A third study showed 400 participants computer images and found that wealthier people took longer to notices changes in facial expressions. "This finding suggests that social class, like other forms of culture… can shape human cognitive functioning at a deep level," they wrote. ...
ARTICLE

Get short URL 0 1 0 0 A 19-year-old was charged on suspicion of making or possessing an explosive substance after a terror alert in London's North Greenwich Underground Station, local media reported. 
MOSCOW (Sputnik) – Last week, UK transport police evacuated the station after a suspicious item was found on one of the trains. It was later blown up in a controlled explosion. 
According to the BBC, Damon Smith was charged on suspicion of making or possessing an explosive substance with intent to endanger life, while the Metropolitan Police said he also faced a charge of intent to cause serious injury to property. 
The UK security agency, MI5, said earlier this month that the level of terrorist threat to Britain was severe. ...
ARTICLE

0 15 0 1 The second part of a report by an independent commission headed by Richard McLaren on alleged doping abuse in Russia will be published in early December, the World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA) said. 
MOSCOW (Sputnik) – In July, WADA commission led by McLaren presented a report based on the investigation results, in which Russia was accused of running a state-wide doping program, urging the International Olympic Committee (IOC) to consider a blanket ban on the entire Russian team. On July 24, the IOC decided against imposing a blanket ban on all Russian athletes. © Sputnik/ Valeriy Melnikov Russian Investigators Question 50 Athletes, Coaches, Managers Over Doping Claims "Professor Richard H. McLaren announces that he expects to release the 'McLaren Investigation Report, Part II', in early December 2016. More details will follow in the weeks ahead," WADA said in a statement on Wednesday. 
In turn, the International Paralympic Committee banned all Russian Paralympic athletes from the 2016 Summer Paralympics and 2018 Winter Games. ...
ARTICLE

Get short URL 0 8 0 0 US defense contractor Lockheed Martin has not yet settled with the F-35 Joint Program Office on three main contractual points regarding two low-rate initial production (LRIP) lots for the F-35 jet, and has been lagging on the schedule for roughly a year. 
The deal on the F-35 program's LRIP 9 and 10, originally intended to be inked in November 2015, is still in negotiations, Defense News reported. The More You Spend the More You Save?! US Lawmakers Fight to Increase F-35 Budget Lockheed's chief financial officer, Bruce Tanner, explained during a Tuesday earnings conference call that the sides are yet to agree on the cost of fulfilling the contract obligations, terms, and conditions regarding jet construction, and the amount of money to be paid to the manufacturer.
'I'd say we haven't really reached closure on any of those three [points],' Tanner was quoted by Defense News as saying. 
Lockheed CEO Marillyn Hewson stated that the delay is normal, as the contract is 'very large' and that there is 'a lot of work that has to happen.' 
During the negotiation process, Lockheed spent some $900 million of its own capital to keep the beleaguered project afloat. However, the Defense Department reimbursed the aircraft manufacturer's expenses in a $1 billion transaction in August. Earlier this month, an additional $743 million was allocated for LRIP 9. 
Still, Lockheed says it lacks funding to maintain the pace of production process for both LRIPs. 'Despite not yet receiving funding sufficient to cover its costs, the corporation continued work in an effort to meet the customer's desired aircraft delivery dates,' the Lockheed's news release stated. 'Currently, the corporation has approximately $950 million of potential cash exposure and $2.3 billion in termination liability exposure related to the F-35 LRIP 9 and 10 contracts.' © Flickr/ Times Asi Can't Fix the F-35? US Navy, Air Force Look Towards 6th Generation Fighter Instead Meanwhile, Northrop Grumman, a principal member of the F-35 production team, stated on Tuesday that they had settled with Lockheed on the pricing of LRIP 9 and 10, Flight Global reported.
'We have completed our negotiations on lots 9 and 10 with Lockheed, which is typical for a prime contractor to want to lock down its supply chain as it finishes off negotiations with a customer,' Northrop chief executive Wes Bush said Tuesday. 
The LRIP 9 and 10 effort, costing some $14 billion, suggests the production of about 150 of the jets. The troubled contract is now expected to be finalized December 2016, according to F-35 Joint Program Executive Officer Lt. Gen. Christopher Bogdan. ...
ARTICLE

Get short URL 0 8 0 0 GOP leaders of the US House of Representatives plan to vote in mid-November on extending the Iran Sanctions Act (ISA) by an additional ten years. 
The current ISA, expiring December 31, 2016, imposes nuclear, missile and terrorism sanctions on Iran. House Foreign Affairs Committee chairman, Congressman Ed Royce, will likely make the ISA the first order of business when the House returns to Washington on November 14, Reuters reported Wednesday. Royce said, "The Iran Sanctions Act was enacted to curb Tehran's support for terrorism and its very dangerous weapons proliferation. It should remain in place until the regime stops exporting terror and threatening us and our allies with deadly weapons. That's why I'll be introducing a bipartisan, long-term extension of these important sanctions," according to Reuters. © AP Photo/ Vahid Salemi Impatient Iran Issues 'Credit Cards' as US Dithers on Lifting Nuclear Sanctions Both Democrats and Republicans in Congress support extending the ISA, but there is no guarantee that the act will be approved in the Senate, where Republicans have 54 seats, as 60 votes are needed to pass the legislation. US President Barack Obama is unlikely to sign the extension, as earlier his administration asked Congress to postpone a renewal of the ISA. The White House asserted that even if Iran violated the nuclear agreement, the US has enough power to impose sanctions after the ISA expires. White House spokesman Josh Earnest did not say whether Obama would sign the act into law, stating, "I won't prejudge at this point whether or not the President would sign that bill." 
In July 2015, a nuclear accord was reached by world powers to limit Iran's nuclear program, in return for the lifting of sanctions on the country. Currently, there are several guidelines in the ISA which allow foreign companies to do business with Iran, unless the US financial system is involved. The US Treasury Department specified that transactions are permitted with blacklisted companies and individuals, including terrorists, if they possess only a minority interest in those ventures. ...
ARTICLE

Get short URL 0 16 0 0 Rejecting the Trans Pacific Partnership free trade agreement would be a gigantic self-inflicted wound for the United States as it would slow growth and prevent fully advancing US interests in the Asia Pacific region, US Secretary of State John Kerry said. 
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) — Kerry called on the US Congress to approve the TPP agreement and said rejection of the agreement would be a conscious turning of our backs on the Asia Pacific at the very moment the United States ought to be linking arms. © AFP 2016/ NICHOLAS KAMM Obama to Advocate TPP Deal in Peru Summit of Asia-Pacific Leaders "[It would be an] act that would hurt American workers, slow the economy, hinder our ability to advance the full range of US objectives in a region that is by common sense with five of the fastest growing nations in the world," Kerry at the Chicago Council on Global Affairs in the state of Illinois on Wednesday. © Flickr/ Backbone Campaign China Developing Two Free Trade Deals for Asia-Pacific as US-Backed TPP Losing Momentum The TPP would link the US with the economies of 11 other Pacific Rim nations in a trade zone with lower tariffs and fewer import restrictions. Critics of the TPP agreement claim it undermines domestic companies, laws, regulations and institutions through an extra-judicial process that stacks the deck in favor of multinational corporations.
Kerry explained one of the main benefits of the TPP deal lies in mandating a level playing field between private sector and state-owned companies in addition to abolishing 18,000 foreign taxes on American goods and services. 
To maintain a growing economy, Kerry added, the United States has be able to sell its goods to places where 95 percent of the world's customers live. 
"If we're going to live up to our responsibilities in Asia… if we're going to do what's necessary to protect our interests, we have to maintain a steady and reliable presence in that region," Kerry maintained. ...
ARTICLE

Get short URL 0 0 0 0 US Deputy Secretary of Defense Bob Work and Japanese Administrative Vice Minister of Defense Tetsuro Kuroe met on Wednesday at the Pentagon for talks on enhancing an allied presence against potential threats in Asia including North Korea, Pentagon Deputy Press Secretary Gordon Trowbridge said in a press release. 
  In bilateral talks, both countries discussed issues that include enhancing cooperation with South Korea and Australia, expanding Japan's military operations and strengthening ballistic missile defense cooperation, Trowbridge noted. © AFP 2016/ STR One Week After US Patrol, Beijing to Conduct Military Drills in South China Sea 
'During their meeting, the two leaders discussed the rapidly evolving security environment, including the persistent North Korean threat and maritime issues in the East and South China Seas,' Trowbridge stated on Wednesday. 
Work reaffirmed that the Senkaku Islands in the East China Sea are administered by Japan and fall under Article 5 of the US-Japan Mutual Security Treaty, the spokesman added. 
Japan is shadowed by China's growing military presence in the South China Sea, potentially threatening the Japanese economy, which relies on open and secure shipping lanes. Meanwhile, North Korea is driving efforts to develop a nuclear and ballistic weapons program. ...
ARTICLE

Get short URL 0 8 0 0 A police officer of the Venezuelan state of Miranda was fatally shot and another was wounded during an anti-government protest, local police said. 
MOSCOW (Sputnik) – On Tuesday, the opposition-led National Assembly voted to initiate impeachment proceedings against Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro, claiming he had violated democracy, to which the president accused lawmakers of trying to stage a parliamentary coup. 
"The deceased official got a gunshot wound in the abdomen. He died when he was being tended to in the Los Salias clinic. Another one is wounded in the arm," Miguel Mederico, the spokesman for the Miranda police, said on Twitter on Wednesday. Funcionario fallecido recibió impacto de bala en abdomen. Falleció cuando lo atendían en clínica de Los Salias. El otro está herido en brazo — Miguel Mederico (@MiguelMederico) October 27, 2016 
​Earlier on Wednesday, opposition leader Henrique Capriles initiated a large-scale peaceful protest across the country to defend the nation's right to a referendum on Maduro's recall. According to media reports, police in some Venezuelan cities started to use tear gas against the opposition protesters. Este video muestra momentos cuando dispararon durante protestas en Los Salias. https://t.co/inB2fkITSO — Miguel Mederico (@MiguelMederico) October 27, 2016 ...
ARTICLE

Get short URL 0 18 0 0 As many as 22 children and six teachers were killed in an attack on a school compound in the Syrian city of Idlib, which may amount to a war crime if it were deliberate, Anthony Lake, the executive director of the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF),   According to Lake, the attack was the deadliest since the Syrian war began in 2011. © Sputnik/ Michael Alaeddin Aleppo's 'Humanitarian Pause': Militants Launch Mortar Attack on Civilians Preparing to Leave "Twenty-two children and six teachers were reportedly murdered today when their school compound was repeatedly attacked in Idlib, Syria. This is a tragedy. It is an outrage. And if deliberate, it is a war crime," Lake said in a statement on Wednesday. 
Since 2011, Syria has been engulfed in a civil war, following the protests that had turned violent, as part of the so-called Arab Spring. During the conflict, hundreds of thousands Syrians have been killed and millions more have been displaced. ...
ARTICLE

6 2050 0 9 After being hit by a 5.4 earthquake earlier on Wednesday, Italy has been struck by a second quake measuring magnitude 6.4. 
The quakes occurred in central Italy, near the city of Perugia and Visso, roughly 100 miles northwest of the capital of Rome. © AP Photo/ Sandro Perozzi A view of the damaged cemetery of Castelsantangelo sul Nera, Italy, Wednesday, Oct 26, 2016 following an earthquake. 
No injuries or fatalities are known at this time. 
A 6 magnitude earthquake struck the region in August , causing damage in the regions of Umbria, Lazio, and Marche and killing over 290 people. ...
ARTICLE

North Korea Rocket Launch Plans ( 71 ) 0 15 0 0 Deputy foreign ministers of Japan, South Korea and the United States will hold trilateral talks in Tokyo on Thursday to discuss the hot-button issue of North Korea's nuclear and missile threats. 
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — The negotiations will bring together US Deputy Secretary of State Antony Blinken, South Korean First Vice Foreign Minister Lim Sung-nam and his Japanese counterpart Shinsuke Sugiyama. © AP Photo/ Ahn Young-joon US, Japan Push to Fortify Alliances Amid Threat Posed by North Korea 
According to the US State Department, the deputy-level talks will focus on cooperation on a range of regional security and global issues, including North Korea's nuclear threat, in particular, its ballistic missile programs . "They will discuss the international community's efforts to hold North Korea accountable for its destabilizing behavior, including its January 6 and September 9 nuclear tests and litany of ballistic missile launches, which constitute flagrant violations of UN Security Council resolutions," the State Department said. © REUTERS/ KCNA US Spy Chief: Asking North Korea To Stop Nuke Program a 'Lost Cause' 
According to media reports, later this year, Japan, South Korea and China are likely to hold a tripartite summit between late November and early December, with North Korea's nuclear and missile development high on the agenda. 
In 2005, North Korea declared itself a nuclear power. So far, it has conducted five underground nuclear tests — in 2006, 2009, 2013 and 2016, raising concerns of both the neighboring states and the international community. Pyongyang's cites prospective aggression from South Korea and its major ally, Washington, as the reason for North Korean nuclear program development. 
Pyongyang is currently under pressure from the international community since its latest nuclear test in September and a long-range rocket launch in February, which resulted in tightening sanctions against North Korea in the new UN Security Council resolution in March. ...
ARTICLE

Get short URL 0 18 0 0 As many as 97 people are missing after a boat carrying more than 100 migrants sank off the Libyan shore, a spokesman of the Libyan coast guard told Sputnik. 
TRIPOLI (Sputnik) – According to spokesman Ayoub Qassem, the vessel carrying 126 people sank on Wednesday 26 miles away from the lighthouse of Tajura and was spotted by a tanker which alerted the coastguard. As many as 29 people were rescued by the tanker. © AFP 2016/ ITALIAN NAVY 2016 Shows Record Number of Refugee Deaths in Mediterranean "The coast guard … is looking for the remaining missing persons, the number of whom is estimated at 97," Qassem said. 
Europe is currently struggling to cope with a massive refugee influx, with hundreds of thousands of refugees and migrants fleeing conflict-torn countries in the Middle East and North Africa. According to the UN refugee agency, the Mediterranean Sea claimed over 3,600 lives last year. ...
ARTICLE

Get short URL 0 1 0 0 The population of vertebrate animals fell by more than half in the 42-year period between 1970 and 2012, the World Wildlife Fund said in its biannual Living Planet report. 
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) — The report's Living Planet Index is based on data from more than 14,000 populations of 3,706 species from around the world. © Photo: PIxabay 'Military Strategy' Used to Save British Red Squirrels 
"Populations of vertebrate animals — such as mammals, birds and fish — have declined by 58 percent between 1970 and 2012," the report stated on Wednesday. 
The largest drop was in freshwater species, which fell on average 81 percent in that time period, the report said. 
Additionally, the data showed a 38 percent decline in terrestrial populations and a 36 percent drop in maritime populations. 
The World Wildlife Fund attributed the dramatic decline to climate change, habitat loss, the impact of agriculture on animals systems, and species overexploitation, such as through poaching and hunting. ...
ARTICLE

Get short URL 0 27 0 0 Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau will not be travelling to Brussels, Belgium on Thursday for the EU-Canada summit on the Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA), the spokesman for the country's trade minister said. 
MOSCOW (Sputnik) – On Thursday, the 28-nation bloc and Ottawa were expected to sign CETA at the joint EU-Canada Summit . However, on Monday Belgian Prime Minister Charles Michel said the nation was unable to sign the deal due to regional concerns. This is Why It is 'Impossible' to Sign EU-Canada CETA Deal on Thursday "The Canadian delegation will not be travelling to Europe tonight… Canada remains ready to sign this important agreement when Europe is ready," Alex Lawrence, the spokesman for Canadian Trade Minister Chrystia Freeland, told the Global News broadcaster. 
CETA aims to establish a free trade zone between Canada and the European Union , scrapping more than 98 percent of the existing tariffs between Ottawa and Brussels. Opponents fear it would undermine standards and regulations on environmental protection, health, safety and workers' rights. ...
