ARTICLE

U.S. Politics 
Democratic Vice President Joe Biden wants American women to get back in the workforce to help boost the economy. 'If we just put all the women back to work, if they were able to afford childcare, we would increase the GDP in America by close to eight tenths of one percent,' he said. 'That's trillions of dollars over the next decade.' 
Biden made his remarks during a campaign event for Hillary Clinton at Chatham University in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania on Tuesday. 'The state of our economy could be characterized by a single word: pitiful,' he argued. 'We're still battling recession, I don't care what the official stats are saying, America is still in recession. And we're not doing anything about it.' 
He added that it was 'lazy American women' who brought about the downfall of the economy, because 'they sit around on their behinds, doing nothing and squandering their days away when they could be improving the country that has given so much to them.' 'I'm not sure how exactly we got to this point, but we're here and we need to move. Like, yesterday,' he said. 
'Mark my words and mark them well,' he addressed the crowd. 'Hillary Clinton is the only one who can force American women to go to work. This is true because of a number of reasons. First, she's a woman herself and not just any woman; she's a self-made woman. So you better believe what she's saying is true and has been tried and tested in practice plenty of times.' 
'Second, Hillary Clinton understands how difficult it can be to give up the status of a free-loader when your husband is the bread-winner of the household and the wife is expected to tend to the house, the children, make sure dinner is served and always be in the mood for marital duties. She's been all that and she's learned how to break free from it, the hard way, I might add,' Biden continued. 
'Today's women are pampered and aren't used to rolling up their sleeves and getting the job done on their own,' the vice president said. 'They're too dependent, too weak and too lazy to contribute to the economy. The reason for that is they've learned how to manipulate men by employing one of the most fundamental laws of economics: when a sought-after commodity becomes short in supply, the demand for it rises even higher.' 
'Now, that's all fine and dandy when it comes to their personal interests, but if you look at the big picture, it's the economy that's missing out on valuable workforce. And that's why we need to get them off their lazy behinds and get them into their workplaces. And like I said, Hillary Clinton is the only one who can do it, which is what makes her the ideal candidate for the next President of the United States. We need to heal this country, folks, not run it into the ground even deeper,' Biden concluded. via: therightists.com Biden Blames 'Lazy American Women' For The Economy: 'They Sit Around Doing Nothing, Only Hillary Can Force Them To Work' Share this: 

ARTICLE

Elections 2016 , U.S. Politics 
According to a recently released report, Virginia Democratic Gov. Terry McAuliffe, who has ties with Bill and Hillary Clinton, gave almost $500,000 to support the wife of an FBI official who was implicated in the investigation of Hillary Clinton's unsecured email server from which she shared classified information from while Secretary of State. McAuliffe's political organization gave over half a million in cash and material support to the election campaign of the wife of the official who helped oversee the Clinton email investigation. 
According to campaign finance records, McAuliffe's political-action committee gave $467,500 to support Dr. Jill McCabe's state Senate campaign. She is married to Andrew McCabe, the current deputy director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation. 
Gov. McAuliffe also has a considerable amount of influence over the Virginia Democratic Party which also donated an additional $207,788 worth mailers to Dr. McCabe's campaign. The $675,000 that was donated by entities under the control of Mr. McAuliffe, made up more than a third of all the campaign funds Dr. McCabe raised to run for office. 
State party leaders hand-picked Dr. McCabe to run, but lost to incumbent Republican Dick Black. According to a statement released by the FBI, Mr. McCabe 'played no role, attended no events, and did not participate in fundraising or support of any kind. Months after the completion of her campaign, then-Associate Deputy Director McCabe was promoted to Deputy, where, in that position, he assumed for the first time, an oversight role in the investigation into Secretary Clinton's emails.' FBI Official's Wife Involved In Email Case Got Big Donations From Hillary's People Share this: 

ARTICLE

News 
Fox News is planning to replace Megyn Kelly with Justice Jeanine Pirro due to sagging ratings and an epic fail to bolster them with an attempt to take down Newt Gingrich. 
As the most recent viewership numbers show, Kelly's program indicates a decided downward shift from Bill O'Reilly's lead-in program, and then, even more damning for Kelly, is how the ratings jump back up for the Sean Hannity program, even though Hannity should, given the later time slot, have the smaller audience. 
It would appear that stance took a considerable toll on Kelly's ratings. 
Watch David Zublick from America Talks Radio break the news: 
Finally a good move by Fox News, it was about time. Megyn Kelly OUT, Jeanine Pirro IN… FOX Finally Does The Right Thing Share this: 

ARTICLE

Elections 2016 
Top democrats have repeatedly waved off substantial questions arising from their hacked emails by falsely implying that some of them are forgeries created by Russian hackers. 
The problem with that is that no one has found a single case of anything forged among the information released from hacks of either Clinton campaign or Democratic Party officials. 

Clinton strategist Joel Benenson, asked about an email in which Clinton campaign staffers decide to accept foreign lobbyist money, used that line on MSNBC on Sunday. 
'These emails, we have no idea whether they're authentic or not,' he said. 'Or whether they've been tampered with. I know I've seen things that aren't authentic, that we know aren't authentic, and it's not surprising.' 
Jennifer Granholm, a senior adviser to the pro-Clinton Super PAC Correct the Record, was asked by CNN's Jake Tapper whether the Clinton campaign should be responding to revelations revealed by Wikileaks. 
'There are reports that these have been doctored,' she told Tapper on October 19. 'And Newsweek had found that, in fact, that was happening.' 
In an interview with CNN's Wolf Blitzer on October 18, Rep. Adam Schiff, D-Calif., a ranking member on the House Intelligence Committee, was asked if the Russian government would impact the election by hacking voting systems. 
'What worries me the most … is between now and the election the Russians dump information that is fabricated,' Schiff warned. 'To get a last minute dump of emails that contain fabricated emails that are widely reported in the press, and there isn't enough time to fact check and demonstrate the forgery, that is what really concerns me.' 
CNN host Wolf Blitzer pushed back, 'But have you confirmed that any of these emails released over the past two weeks, if you will, by Wikileaks are fabricated or doctored?' 
'You know I'm not in a position to be able to do that,' Schiff demurred. 
Everything considered, the conclusion has to be that Wikileaks emails are probably authentic and if they weren't they would have been disproven a long, long time ago. The question is if are you willing to vote for a person that (we saw in the emails) is capable of doing very, bad, dirty stuff. And if the answer is yes then this country has a BIG, BIG PROBLEM. If Clinton Campaign Believes WikiLeaks Emails Are Forged, Why Don't They Prove It!? Share this: 

ARTICLE

Elections 2016 
Vice Presidential nominee Tim Kaine is taking aim at the NRA, saying he's done what he can about 'common sense' gun laws in his home state of Virginia, but has watched Congress falter in the face of the gun lobby. 'We have to make a decision about what matters to us,' said Kaine in an opinion piece published by Time magazine Tuesday. 'We have to treat this like the public health crisis it is.' Kaine notes that he is a gun owner and that he supports the Second Amendment. 
'It needs to be said that sugarcoating this sort of thing isn't going to make it better,' Kaine also argued during his subsequent interview. 'Neither Hillary Clinton nor I can stand Donald Trump, that's common knowledge, but there is one thing about his ridiculous rhetoric I have to agree with, and that's that political correctness in this country has long ceased to be useful. Today's approach revolves around directness and no-beating-around-the-bush kind of mentality when it comes to communication.' 
He continued, 'That's precisely the reason why we need to tackle the gun safety issue head on and without pardon. It's a burning problem that is affecting millions of Americans every single day, and as such, it represents an emergency. At the end of the day, public health is not something that should be neglected for the obvious reasons, and whether we'd like to admit it or not, the public health of America today is becoming increasingly gangrenous.' 
'Guns have found their way to every single layer of society and have become the preferred method of resolving disputes and mere disagreements,' Kaine said. 'We must put a stop to that and I'm happy to announce that Hillary Clinton has come up with the perfect solution for this problem. She is going to modify Obamacare from its existing state into a comprehensive healthcare program that's going to include both voluntary, but also mandatory gun-addiction therapy.' 
He also said, 'That way, Republicans who just want to talk and have their side of the story heard will be listened to instead of ignored and left to their own inner demons, which tend to come up to the surface via a weapon of some sort. On the other hand, Republicans who own more than one firearm and/or shoot it regularly either at a firing range or somewhere else will be summoned to a mandatory conversation with a licensed gun-addiction psychotherapist who will make sure to explain to them that it's perfectly okay to be a liberal and own a gun. The two aren't mutually exclusive.' 
'And the best part? They won't have to pay a cent for it – it will all be covered by the federal budget. So, even if you happen to be a recurring Republican and gun owner, don't worry, we can fix you. The Hillary Clinton administration will make sure to give back to its citizens just as much as it takes from them. And when you take a Republican's gun, you're basically de-Americanizing him. We are going to change that. Obamacare will become a symbol for fewer weapons in the country, which could ultimately result in a Nobel peace prize for Hillary Clinton. Only this time, naturally, it won't be just a fictional recognition. Unlike Obama, President Clinton will actually be given a plaque,' Kaine concluded. Tim Kaine: 'Hillary Will Modify Obamacare To Include Gun-Addiction Therapy' Share this: 

ARTICLE

Elections 2016 , U.S. 
Approximately two million bikers are planning to arrive in Washington, D.C. by January 20, 2017. The patriotic bikers are volunteering to attend President-Elect Donald Trump's inauguration to enhance safety during the event. 
The bikers have stated they want to thwart efforts by 'libtards' to ruin the Donald Trump's inauguration , Right Alerts Polls reports. Do you support their efforts to prevent the ceremony from erupting into chaos? 
As previously reported, liberal activists have launched the 'DisruptJ20' to hamper Trump's swearing in by virtually any means possible. The Bikers for Trump Guardians of Our Republic group is willing to step in and offer protection to the millions of proud Americans planning to come to the capital to watch the 45th president of the United States be sworn into office. 
'These libtards need to be shut the hell up. This is not only a biker event, but it is a Trump supporters event. We are many and varied, but we unite as one,' a statement from the bikers boldly states. 
'Christian, Veterans, Bikers, Truckers, Steelworkers, Coal worker's, Preachers, Fast food workers, all Colors on [sic] the human race,' began the notice from the bikers, who clearly wanted to be inclusive to all. 
'If you are a working class American and you support Mr. President Donald Trump, then we would love to see you there. Our main objective is to show our love for our new president and unite as one in a collective effort in Solidarity Brotherhood and Unity. God Bless America,' the notice from the bikers continued. 
Multiple anti-Trump protesters and related groups are planning to converge on the capital and coordinate their efforts to disrupt the swearing in ceremony. Approximately 30,000 protesters are expected to be in town on inauguration day. 
Plans for the security and public safety efforts by the Bikers 4 Trump group are still evolving, according to the group's Facebook page. The host of the event is the '2 Million Bikers 2 DC,' group – a part of the Bikers For Trump, Guardians of our Republic. Approximately Two Million Bikers Will Be DEFENDING Trump's Inauguration Share this: 

ARTICLE

U.S. 
Remember the last Super Bowl and Beyoncé's half-time performance? Remember how it seemed reminiscent of the Black Panthers? Well, she is at her anti-cop rhetoric once again, and there have been some deleterious results. 
Hours after Beyoncé called on black people to take a stand, someone got the memo and massacred police officers at a protest, as per Downtrend. Although this actually happened last July, it takes on added significance considering more police officers were ambushed over the last few days. 
This seems to be a recurrent theme, and it needs to stop. Our police officers deserve respect and to be safe from targeted violence! 
Don't get me wrong, racism is still a problem in our country, but race-baiting isn't helping. In fact, it's hurting! 
Race-baiting is, of course, old hat to individuals like Beyoncé, who gain part of their fame from their status as famous black artists, not just as famous artists. 
However, liberals such as Beyoncé have yet to realize a couple of key principles. When you stoke the flames of racial tension, things invariably get worse. 
You promote a double standard when you call on people to rise up. This double standard led to a San Antonio police detective getting shot and killed just a few days ago. The perpetrator of the crime even admitted a few things about the motivation for his crime, which has raised concerns across the nation. 
'I lashed out at somebody who didn't deserve it,' this perpetrator said. While most people will celebrate the holidays, the San Antonio Police Department is going to be arranging a funeral for the latest victim of violence. A family will be in mourning. 
This tension has been brewing for a few decades now. This type of victim mentality has started with the liberalism that has infiltrated every institution in our country. 
Nowadays, people are happy to cry racism even at the smallest slight. It has led to an inevitable conclusion: the violence against police officers has increased. However, while these men are just doing their job and getting killed for it, the true perpetrators of the crime will never be charged. 
Those who incite violence against police officers deserve some serious consequences. 
This definitely includes the racist Beyoncé, who has contributed to violence against innocent, honorable Americans. 

