ARTICLE

Comments 
Donald Trump has a 2 percentage point edge over Hillary Clinton in Florida, according to a new Bloomberg Politics poll released Wednesday, as both presidential campaigns blanket the critical swing state in a full sprint to Election Day. 
Who do you think will win in Florida? We are giving you a chance to vote on our poll and choose one of the two possible candidates. Who will win Florida? 
ARTICLE

Comments 
HOUSTON, TX – Chambers County election officials have switched to emergency paper ballots after technical glitches with the electronic voting machines during early voting. Chambers County Clerk, Heather Hawthorne said electronic voting will be temporarily suspended until her office completes a software update. Reportedly, there was an error in the programming of Election Systems and Software, Inc. electronic voting machines. 'The Straight Party vote for both the Republicans and Democrats did not automatically select one race on each ballot.” Hawthorne said she anticipates all technical difficulties to be addressed by the end of Tuesday. But until the issue is fully corrected, emergency paper ballots will be used. See the official press release below: 
ARTICLE

usapoliticsnow admin 0 Comment FBI , Hillary Clinton 
Dilbert creator Scott Adam's analysis of Hillary Clinton's body language during Friday's press conference addressing FBI probe: 
Clinton's body language and word-choice tell us: 1) She's lying about what she knows, and 2) She thinks she has already lost. Clinton's body language and word-choice tell us: 1) She's lying about what she knows, and 2) She thinks she has already lost. https://t.co/0hcSX5z1sd 
— Scott Adams (@ScottAdamsSays) October 29, 2016 FULL Hillary Clinton Holds Press Conference After FBI Reopen Investigation – Hillary Lies Again! pic.twitter.com/wj6RyKKePl 
ARTICLE

usapoliticsnow admin 0 Comment Donald Trump , Voting Machine 
We all knew that the voting machines are rigged! Here is the video proof. 
Trump was right. Where is the New York Times? Where is the Washington Post? Where are our esteemed reporters? There are citizens doing your job. 
Like this citizen below, y'all. The on in the video, y'all. Here is an alleged video of an election machine switching votes in the swing state of Virginia. EXPOSED! Election machines in the swing state of Virginia are switching Republican votes to Democrats pic.twitter.com/x8EXH7VpaE 
— MicroSpookyLeaks™ (@WDFx2EU7) October 25, 2016 
Watch that video above. That is a computer programmer in Florida that testified before a congressional panel that there are computer programs that can secretly fix elections. This happened in 2001, but you would have never seen this on the mainstream media. 
*** Share this everywhere! 
Document everything at the polls. We need to be able to fight the rigging. God bless all the Trump voters and share this post if you are voting Trump on Nov. 8th. 
Together we can make America great again. 
ARTICLE

usapoliticsnow admin 2016 Election , US News 
Daily Mail reporter David Martosko writes: 'Wow… The biggest gathering of police officers I've ever seen greet Trump, on the Orlando airport tarmac right now” Wow… The biggest gathering of police officers I've ever seen greet Trump, on the Orlando airport tarmac right now pic.twitter.com/AFqIeXsx4N 
— David Martosko (@dmartosko) November 2, 2016 ORLANDO — 
— Kevin Cirilli (@kevcirilli) November 2, 2016 

ARTICLE

usapoliticsnow admin 2016 Election , US News 
Broward County is one of the largest swing counties in Florida. It would not take much voter fraud there to flip it. 
The voter fraud whistle-blower is a former Secretary of Elections Department employee and she has filled out a sworn affidavit: 
You can read the affidavit here. The affidavit by Chelsey Marie Smith accuses Broward County officials of filling out blank absentee ballots to officials who she saw filling the ballots out at the Supervisor of Elections headquarters. Smith said she was asked to deliver numerous ballots to a secret locked room where employees were filling out the absentee ballots. At first she was not clear as to what was happening. When she finally clearly saw what was up and reported it, she was terminated and told to never come back! 
After being caught red-handed engaging in voter fraud, Broward Country FL Sec of Elections Brenda Snipes claimed staff were 'replicating damaged ballots” in the locked secret room without official monitors present. Yeah, that was a good one Brenda! 
According to the whistle-blower, the massive voter fraud went on day after day and included what had to be thousands of ballots. Brenda Snipes is already under lawsuit for deliberately misprinting absentee ballots! Why is she still around? 
Donald Trump is currently preparing a lawsuit against Snipes and the FL State Attorney investigators are actively reviewing the voter fraud case. Secretary of Election employees in Broward County, FL caught filling out absentee ballots! #FloridaFraud pic.twitter.com/MqjmFtDXHX 
— Mike Cernovich 🇺🇸 (@Cernovich) November 4, 2016 
Recently, numerous Florida voters have complained that they have not been receiving their absentee ballots. It seems we have found where some are going! How many other counties have a secret locked room!! 
Democrats live by an 'ends justify the means” mentality. Cheating and stealing is of no issue to them as long as the outcome is the one that they want! Voter Fraud is entirely legitimate to them. 
UPDATE: 
Fox News reported that the Florida GOP has also filed a voter fraud lawsuit for illegally opening absentee ballots! 
The state GOP alleges that officials in Broward County, which includes Fort Lauderdale, have been opening tens of thousands of vote-by-mail ballots prior to them being cleared for counting. 
Chairman Blaise Ingoglia told Shapiro that 'Florida law prescribes that when the supervisor of elections takes in all these ballots, they have to be approved by the canvassing board.” 
Therefore, the officials have no legal authority to open the ballot envelopes. 
Ingoglia said none of the ballots had been approved, so the party will be filing a lawsuit at 9 a.m. ET Thursday if county officials do not respond to his complaint by close-of-business on Wednesday. 
Source: www.ihavethetruth.com 
ARTICLE

usapoliticsnow admin 2016 Election , US News 
Voter fraud has been a running theme in this election with the Democratic party and will continue to be through the election. Trump has been warning voters for months about fraud and it's certainly happening, especially in swing states like Florida. 
This time around, absentee ballots are being fraudulently filled out in Democratic Broward County, Florida, which was just discovered with a sworn testimony via affidavit. The witness describes going into a back room where SOE employees were sitting at a table with stacks of absentee ballots, filling them out assembly line style. 
Here's a larger version of the section listed in the Tweet… 
Newsmax reports, According to the affidavit, the former employee alleged that on Monday about 8:30 p.m. she had been told to take a stack of absentee ballot forms to what is known as the Pitney-Bowes Room at the Supervisor of Elections (SOE) office in Lauderhill, Fla. Through the locked door's window, she saw four workers sitting at a table in the room with 'stacks of documents and writing something,” according to the affidavit. 
She knocked on the door — and an SOE worker opened the door, took the stack from her 'and closed the door,” she alleged. 'The employee seemed very rushed.” When the former employee returned a short time later with a second stack, the woman was allowed into the room. 
Newsmax reports, According to the affidavit, the former employee alleged that on Monday about 8:30 p.m. she had been told to take a stack of absentee ballot forms to what is known as the Pitney-Bowes Room at the Supervisor of Elections (SOE) office in Lauderhill, Fla. 
Through the locked door's window, she saw four workers sitting at a table in the room with 'stacks of documents and writing something,” according to the affidavit. She knocked on the door — and an SOE worker opened the door, took the stack from her 'and closed the door,” she alleged. 'The employee seemed very rushed.” When the former employee returned a short time later with a second stack, the woman was allowed into the room. 

ARTICLE

THE ENTIRE CLINTON FAMILY COULD GO TO JAIL: HUGE SECRET REVEALED ABOUT THE CLINTON FOUNDATION 
'Basically what IRS just revealed is that Clinton Foundation is one huge Ponzi Scheme!!! 
This is insane! Practically not just Hillary, but whole Clinton family is going to jail! 
Just 5.7 percent of the Clinton Foundation's massive 2014 budget actually went to charitable grants, according to the tax-exempt organization's IRS filings. The rest went to salaries and employee benefits, fundraising and 'other expenses.” The Clinton Foundation spent a hair under $91.3 million in 2014, the organization's IRS filings show. But less than $5.2 million of that went to charitable grants. 
That number pales in comparison to the $34.8 million the foundation spent on salaries, compensation and employee benefits. Another $50.4 million was marked as 'other expenses,” while the remaining almost $851K was marked as 'professional fundraising expenses.” 
Despite taking in an additional $30 million in 2014, the Clinton Foundation spent 40 percent less on charitable grants in 2014 than in 2013. Even as it slashed charitable spending, the foundation increased the amount spent on salaries, employee benefits and compensation by $5 million in 2014. The foundation also spent $5 million more 'other expenses” in 2014. 
Sean Davis at The Federalist notes, 'the bulk of the charitable work lauded by the Clinton Foundation's boosters — the distribution of drugs to impoverished people in developing countries — is no longer even performed by the Clinton Foundation. Those activities were spun off in 2010 and are now managed by the Clinton Health Access Initiative, a completely separate non-profit organization.” (RELATED: Clinton Foundation Deceived IRS On Tax Exemption From The Start) 
As first reported by The Daily Caller, the IRS launched an investigation into the Clinton Foundation this past July after 64 House Republicans called the foundation a 'lawless 'pay-to-play' enterprise that has been operating under a cloak of philanthropy for years and should be investigated” in a letter to the IRS, FBI and Federal Trade Commission (FTC). 
These Clintons are nastier than El Chapo Guzman family members! 
But El Chapo never portrait himself as some huge persona, Clintons are with a mask of Mother Theresa but with heart and soul of a Russian mobster! 
If you agree, please share and comment below. 

ARTICLE

usapoliticsnow admin 2016 Election , US News , World News 
Gunman have launched an attack on a retirement home in France leaving at least one killed and a hostage situation. 
Independent.co.uk reported: At least one person has been killed after a gunman launched an attack on a retirement home for Catholic missionaries near the French city of Montpellier. 
Armed police were deployed to the Maison de Retraite des Missions Africaines (African Missions Retirement Home) in Montferrier-sur-Lez on Thursday night. 
'An individual, who was masked and armed with a knife and a sawn-off shotgun came into the retirement home where 70 missionaries live,” a source told the AFP news agency, adding that the man's motivations were unknown. 
Local media reported that at least one person had been found dead, with the e-Metropolitain news website reporting a female supervisor had been killed with a knife after she raised the alarm. 
Her body was found on the first floor of the building by police and the location of the attacker remained unclear as searches continued. 
Source @ www.independent.co.uk 
