ARTICLE

Posted 10/31/2016 10:54 am by PatriotRising with  
This last Friday it became public record that FBI Director James Comey reopened the Hillary Clinton email server investigation after repeatedly testifying before Congress and the world up to last July that he'd closed the case , after in his words not finding sufficient evidence of 'any criminal wrongdoing ' to indict her in spite of her four years as Secretary of State egregiously breaching our national security , committing obstruction of justice and willful tampering with evidence, deleting 30,000 emails after receiving a court subpoena constituting destruction of evidence, not to mention repeatedly engaging in perjury before Congress and the FBI. 

But obviously, a federal investigation still in process in late June never stopped serial rapist-crime boss Bill Clinton's illegal ambush at the Phoenix airport of Comey's boss US Attorney General Loretta Lynch 'clearing' the way for Hillary to proceed without consequence to be anointed as the next US figurehead puppet president by the ruling elite. Because it's so blatantly obvious to the entire world that Hillary is guilty as sin, Comey's whitewash didn't go over well with either Americans or longtime FBI agents who reacted angrily to Comey's over-the-top corruption. Subsequently, in recent months Comey has had a virtual mutiny on his hands as in the FBI boss has lost all credibility, respect, and moral authority. 

A former federal attorney for the District of Columbia Joe diGenova spelled it all out in a WMAL radio interview last Friday just hours after the news was released that Comey had sent a letter informing Congress that the case is being reopened. DiGenova said that with an open revolt brewing inside the FBI, Comey was forced to go public on Friday with reopening the investigation. The former DC attorney added that the FBI investigators discovered more emails on a phone confiscated from the former New York Congressman and separated husband Anthony Weiner that also included his wife and longtime Hillary's right-hand woman Huma Abedin's communications that allegedly bear pertinent relevance to the Hillary case. Funny how things have a karmic way of coming full circle – the Clintons first introduced Weiner and Abedin 15 years ago and they married a half dozen years ago. 

In a separate FBI investigation involving Weiner's alleged sexting messages with a 15-year old minor , the phone in question was handed over to the FBI. The investigating teams of both the Weiner and Hillary cases compared notes and apparently additional emails not already issued by WikiLeaks or already in FBI possession recently came to light on Weiner's phone . The legions of rank and file FBI agents were already fuming over Comey's complete ethical and legal lapses in his choice not to indict Hillary. Joe diGenova believes that FBI personnel forced Comey's hand to reopen the investigation after giving him the ultimatum that if he failed to do so, the FBI defiantly would. According to diGenova, this latest plot twist only proves that: 

The original investigation was not thorough, and that it was an incompetent investigation. 

Otherwise, had a real investigation been conducted, that Weiner phone used by both Anthony and Huma would have been picked up by the FBI and its contents thoroughly scrutinized long before now. 

In addition to stating the obvious, that the higher-up feds had already made the decision to not consequence Hillary for her crimes, speculating on why that phone was not already submitted to the FBI as evidence, the former DC attorney concluded: 

There could be one explanation: Huma Abedin may have denied that any other phone existed, and if she did, she committed a felony. She lied to the FBI just like General Cartwright , and if she did, she's dead meat, and Comey knows it, and there's nothing he can do about it. 

Finally, diGenova dropped one more bombshell in Friday's interview. An inside source has revealed to him that the laptops belonging to key Clinton aides Cheryl Mills and Heather Samuelson, both wrongly granted immunity , were not destroyed after all as previously reported, but have been secretly kept intact by investigating FBI agents refusing to destroy incriminating evidence as part of the in-house whitewash. Additionally like their boss, Hillary's aides also sent classified material using private servers. On top of that, longtime aide Cheryl Mills on multiple occasions has perjured herself lying under oath for the Clinton crime family, tasked with 'cleaning up' (aka covering up) their countless scandals over the past several decades. Indeed the whole Clinton entourage not already 'mysteriously' winding up in the growing Clinton dead pool are all unindicted criminals protected by the corrosively corrupt DC cronyism where backroom deals (a la Bill's airport ambush) are brokered based on whatever dirt's been gathered and used as bargaining blackmail chips against all parties involved. That's how the Washington crowd stays immune from any and all accountability as well as stays alive. Violate that crime syndicate code of conduct and you lose your life as more recent victims earlier this year have. 

In a 'leaked' memo to his FBI that surfaced on Fox Friday night, Comey outlined his reasons for reopening the case in light of the new information the director believes would have ultimately been leaked to Congress and the public anyway. So in full damage control/CYA mode, the beleaguered director now going public really had no choice in the matter. His underlings were chomping at the bit to both out and oust him. In an obvious attempt to weakly claim some moral high ground, Comey wrote in his memo: 

I also think it would be misleading to the American people were we not to supplement the record. 

Though his leadership and character are perceived by the vast majority of both FBI personnel as well as American citizens to presently lay in ruin as a pathetically shameful stain and humiliating joke on both the FBI organization and Washington in general, James Comey appears to be feebly attempting to save his own career and reputation for appearing now to 'come clean.' But make no mistake, his moral turpitude displayed throughout this Hillary debacle from early 2015 to now has over-exposed him as a total lackey and fraud, so at this late stage of the game, redemption is not even an option. But the criminal misconduct, rampant corruption and diabolical evil committed by those at the highest puppet levels of federal power, and especially the elite puppet masters controlling them, their sins produce far more devastating consequences than this morally lacking man in the middle of this latest controversy. 

Because there is no way that the FBI will properly conclude this part 2 of the Hillary investigation saga before the November 8 th election, Hillary, and her Democrats are predictably crying foul , demanding that the FBI immediately disclose what it has, which of course is a moot point that won't happen. It seems highly unlikely that the email texts from Abedin and Weiner found on his phone would not contain clear criminal evidence that implicates Hillary. Since Hillary was the globalist choice after Obama was selected in 2008, it seems unlikely that the puppet masters would not permit this latest development to even occur. But then perhaps the ruling elite is pulling the plug on Hillary, concluding that she simply carries too much liability baggage with her deteriorating health condition and never-ending scandals, maybe the globalists are rethinking an alternative replacement like her obnoxiously aggressive VP candidate, the Jesuit-trained and educated Tim Kaine. 

That said, there are some cynics who believe that this recent odd turn is the last ditch desperado attempt being staged to overturn Trump winning by a landslide. This conjectured scenario goes something like this: a few days prior to the election the FBI will once again 'clear' Hillary of all charges. This, in turn, would offer her the last minute much needed boost being able to cash in on her worn out persecution complex , plagued forever by her 'right wing conspiracy' theory against the 'much maligned' woman of destiny. 

In response to all her scandals, Hillary's M.O. has always been to falsely blame some villainous sinister force. This year it's been Putin hacking into her emails, and Trump, Putin, and Assange colluding and plotting behind her back. She's always been as paranoid as Richard Nixon , attempting to deflect the heat she draws from her own skullduggery lies by constantly pointing fingers to externalize blame onto others. It's a deeply rooted pathological complex that certain tightly screwed sociopaths possess. 

This latest sudden turn of events obviously has James Comey incurring the wrath of Hillary Democrats as well as the Justice Department. By disclosing the reopened investigation so close to the election date that undoubtedly casts some influence on the potential outcome, Comey is defying his AG boss while clearly violating DOJ written policy . Lynch herself even tried to quash Comey's letter to Congress. But as diGenova alluded, by Comey's own past misdeeds (and those of his boss and Obama as well), the FBI director placed himself between this rock and a hard place by his own slipshod, half-ass probe failing to acquire Weiner's phone the first time around. 

The entire sordid affair of this year's totally rigged political election – pre-fixed in Hillary's favor – blatantly reveals to America the gross misnomer of the US 'justice' system being two-tiered, one for elitist crime cabal bosses like Hillary and the other for the rest of us 99% no longer protected in a totalitarian police state by our once rule of law the US Constitution. Regardless of what happens in the future, the truth genie's already been let out of the bag, and for eyes open enough to see, it's floating in the Washington cesspool of filth, debauchery and deception regularly perpetrated by our 'entrusted perps' we have as our so called leaders. 

Moreover, this year's unending batches of Wiki-leaked DNC/Hillary emails and Project Veritas undercover campaign videos confirm that the entire US political, as well as economic system, is morally and financially bankrupt, irreparably broken and in need of complete overhaul. Voter fraud and election fraud are rampant. Soros funded electronic voting machines that are preprogrammed to vote for Hillary are operating in 16 key battleground states. America's internal house now is in total disarray, badly in need of a deep cleaning purge like never before. Mainstream media is strongly biased against Trump in its blind support for Hillary . As Secretary of State she treasonously sold out our nation, placing us all at high security risk and under foreign interest control at the hands of high rolling bidders so she and her fat cats can get richer as fellow partners-in-crime from places like Saudi Arabia and Israel, destroying our once sovereign country while aiding, abetting, financing and supporting our enemies the global terrorists around the world. She helped create ISIS and plans world war against Russia, China and Iran. The traitors in our government and their globalist puppet masters – the Rothschilds, Rockefellers , the Bushes and Clintons all need to be rounded up, imprisoned and tried at The Hague for both treason and their endless crimes against humanity. 
The Best of Joachim Hagopian 
Joachim Hagopian [ ] is a West Point graduate and former US Army officer. He has written a manuscript based on his unique military experience entitled 'Don't Let The Bastards Getcha Down.' It examines and focuses on US international relations, leadership and national security issues. After the military, Joachim earned a master's degree in Clinical Psychology and worked as a licensed therapist in the mental health field for more than a quarter century. In recent years he has focused on his writing, becoming an alternative media journalist. His blog site is at http://empireexposed.blogspot.com . Previous article by Joachim Hagopian: Another US False Flag? Do you enjoy reading Patriot Rising?

ARTICLE

Posted 10/31/2016 3:41 pm by PatriotRising with  Officials stockpile a million provisional ballots in swing state governed by a close Clinton ally 

Virginia has printed 1 million provisional ballots, an unprecedented number that could allow a large number of previously disqualified felons to cast ballots for president in the potentially crucial swing state. 

So says Reagan George, the president of the Virginia Voters Alliance. 

George, a conservative election watchdog, charged on Monday that the Virginia Department of Elections is overpreparing for worst-case scenarios and increasing the likelihood of illegal votes being cast. In reply to Republican complaints earlier this month, Virginia Department of Elections Commissioner Edgardo Cortés acknowledged officials are preparing for all contingencies, according to the Richmond Times-Dispatch. 

But George said the provisional ballot printing doesn't make sense even for contingencies. And it doesn't compare to demand in 2012. 

'The claim that it is for contingency planning is bogus,' George said in an email. 'In 2012, Stafford County used less than 500 provisional ballots — in 2016 they received 30,000. In 2012, Loudoun County used 700 provisional ballots. In 2016, they received 84,000. In 2012, Fairfax used 2,500 provisional ballots; in 2016, they received over 265,000. This is ridiculous.' 
But spokeswoman Dena Potter of the Virginia Department of Elections said the state is trying to accommodate a court order. 

'As part of its emergency preparedness efforts and in response to the [December] 2015 consent decree related to mitigating long lines at the polls, the Department issued guidance to local registrars on August 29, 2016, that included having enough provisional ballot envelopes to equal at least 20 percent of the number of active voters as of September 1,' Potter said in an email. 'As of September 30, there were 5.5 million voters registered in Virginia. As with any contingency planning, we hope that we don't have to use these but they will be available in case we do.' 

The decision to print so many provisional ballots comes after an April announcement by Gov. Terry McAuliffe, a Democrat and a key ally of Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton. McAuliffe said he would allow more than 200,000 released felons to vote on Nov. 8. 

The decision immediately brought a legal challenge from the Republicans, who won their suit in July. Virginia law says the governor must individually clear such cases, and cannot widely add so many released felons back to the voter rolls. 

George believes the court loss is part of the thinking behind the surge in provisional ballots. The thousands of felons who signed up to vote after McAuliffe's order were initially welcomed to the voter rolls. George said left-wing voter groups were ready for the order, and signed up thousands of felons within hours. 

If those felons now walk into a polling place and demand a ballot, they will be accommodated, George charged. George also said he is concerned other ineligible voters will be handed such provisional ballots simply if they demand them. 
Provisional ballots are only counted by city and county election boards after Nov. 8, and Republicans should be prepared for things to go against them, George said. Each board has a Republican and a Democrat, and an McAuliffe appointee. 

'Guess which way the vote is going to go,' said George. 

Virginia leaders have been dealing with election headaches for months. On Oct. 13, Virginia legislators questioned Cortes at a hearing. One Republican leader, citing election problems, called for Cortés to resign, according to the Times-Dispatch. 

'I think it's incumbent upon the governor to replace you quickly with competent and nonpartisan leadership,' said Delegate Timothy Hugo, R-Fairfax.

ARTICLE

Posted 10/31/2016 3:17 pm by PatriotRising with  Democratic strategist calls reopened Clinton probe an 'attack' on American democracy in MSNBC tantrum 
Famed Democratic strategist James Carville may be the first Clinton surrogate to have officially lost his mind over the FBI's decision to reopen its investigation into Clinton's private email server. 

In an appearance on MSNBC on Monday, Carville relentlessly — and repeatedly — attacked the FBI's decision to reopen the investigation into Hillary Clinton, asserting it is part of a conspiracy to subvert American democracy. 

'This is in effect an attempt to hijack an election,' Carville claimed. 'It's unprecedented … the House Republicans and the KGB are trying to influence our democracy,' he said. 

Apparently the fact that the Soviet security agency was disbanded in 1991 does not preclude its involvement in this vast, anti-Clinton conspiracy organized by the FBI, according to Carville. Poor Carville was clearly apoplectic at the news of Comey's announcement, describing it as an assault or attack on American democracy multiple times. 

He was also adamant about who was responsible. 'Comey was acting in concert and coordination with the House Republicans,' Carville said. 'We also have the extraordinary case of the KGB being involved in this race and selectively leaking things from the Clinton campaign that they hacked,' he claimed. 
Carville was very upset that Comey's announcement thrust Clinton's surely unethical and likely illegal behavior back into the spotlight. 'It would seem to me that the FBI shouldn't be getting rolled by the House Republicans, that's what happened here — there's nothing else that's going on — and in the meantime … democracy is under assault by the KGB,' he said. 'To me that's something we ought to be talking about.' 

Unfortunately for Carville, whilst fanciful tales about time-traveling Soviet spies and an FBI on the GOP's take certainly make for interesting entertainment, they pale in importance to the real life stories of Clinton's brazen lawlessness. 
When the MSNBC anchor dared raise the fact that Democrats were praising Comey only a few months ago when he announced the FBI's decision not to recommend indictment, Carville went into a stuttering, sputtering fit. Hillary Reboots 'Vast Right-Wing Conspiracy' Playbook Clinton camp set to wage effort to discredit FBI Director Comey and criminal probe as politically motivated 

'When the facts change I change my mind,' Carville said. 'Why are you defending this, why are you sitting here as American democracy is under assault?' he asked angrily. Faced with the Democrats' clear double standard 

'This is an unprecedented event that was done on behalf of the House Republicans,' Carville repeated. 'And as we know the KGB is all over this election and this is what we are talking about? We ought to be talking about our democracy is under assault right now and what we are going to do about it, not [what somebody said in July] about James Comey.'

ARTICLE

Posted 10/31/2016 3:10 pm by PatriotRising with  The flood of illegal aliens pouring across the southern border has become a 'crisis situation' and is even worse than the record 2014 border surge, says an Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) officer from El Paso, Texas with more than ten years of service to the agency. 

The ICE agency has no room to house the arriving surge, so many illegals are being released into American communities where they disappear 'into the wind never to be seen by us again,' the agent said. 

The agent—who spoke to Breitbart News exclusively on the condition of anonymity for fear of retaliation by the administration—detailed how his overrun agency has been forced to pull agents from their mission of removing criminal aliens from the nation's interior, so that they can help process the cross-border influx of illegal aliens. 

The illegal aliens, mostly from Central America, are using President Barack Obama's policies to request asylum, work permits and green cards. Whereas unlawful aliens traditionally sought to evade border agents in hopes of reaching U.S. cities where they could illegally fill American jobs, reports document how many of these new migrants are now turning themselves in to border patrol agents believing they'll be allowed to stay permanently. This 2016 influx of migrants from Central America had exceeded 117,000 by Oct. 1, marking a new record, Breitbart News reported . 

Many additional thousands of illegal aliens continue to pour across the border via smuggling routes that try to bypass the border patrol. In the 12 months up to October 2016, 271,000 illegal immigrants were caught trying to sneak across the border—but many others escaped arrest and made their way to U.S. workplaces and cities. 

ICE is the agency responsible for enforcing federal immigration law by identifying and removing illegal aliens within the interior of the nation, as well as removing aliens apprehended at the border by border patrol. After an alien is apprehended by border patrol, the alien is then turned over to ICE, which processes and detains the alien. 
Although the surge has been largely ignored by corporate media and unacknowledged by the administration, 'the public's safe is in jeopardy,' the agent warned. Migrants with histories of prior criminal offenses, plus 'would-be perpetrators or terrorists whose intent is to harm Americans or our country as a whole' could be among those being released from ICE's custody, the agent said. 

The officer said he believes the reason corporate media refuse to cover the crisis is because 'it's an election year and [the media] have a politically-driven agenda. I don't know why else it wouldn't be covered—this is the worst we've ever seen it,' the agent said: 

This is a crisis situation that is not being acknowledged by the administration or the media. I know we had a crisis situation in 2014, but this has this by far surpassed that. Our officers are overworked and overrun. We have had to move several officers from our interior enforcement programs in order to address and assist the officers who have to process all of the illegal border crossers and who are getting hammered by the crisis we're facing down here. 

'The safety of the American public is at risk,' the officer warned. 

Would-be perpetrators have much more of a chance to make it through the system and into our communities. That's a huge concern for us. I don't understand why the administration and the media are not recognizing this as a crisis because that's what it is. By removing officers from enforcement programs, the threat to the American public has increased exponentially… However many officers we move from enforcement programs to help address this crisis means that there are that many fewer people trying to find criminal aliens, and that poses a threat to public safety. It's infringing upon our efforts to keep the American public safe. 

'In my book, if we miss one criminal alien who goes not to victimize one American citizen, that's one too many,' the agent said. 'But with the scale we're talking about here, it's likely lots of criminal aliens will to be able to slip through the system. So many Americans could potentially be affected by this.' 

However, the agent's view does not seem to be shared by many lawmakers. For instance, both Tim Kaine and Hillary Clinton have shunned the American victims of illegal alien crime. Similarly, Republican House Speaker Paul Ryan, who last year voted to grant federal funding to Sanctuary Cities, literally fled from grieving mothers, who were forced to bury their children as a result of open borders, as they sought to give him a letter begging him to enforce the nation's immigration laws. 

'There are lots of aliens we should be removing, but we can't do it because we're handcuffed by policies,' the agent explained. 'The surge is worse than it was in 2014. Our southern border is not secure. It's so porous. We have people working seven days a week just meet the demand and workload that's being created by this administration's policies.' 

'The administration's policies have created the influx and the crisis situation because people overrun our border knowing they have a chance to stay,' the officer said. 'The workload, the number of people, we've had to deal with has by far surpassed any amount we've ever had to handle before. 

'The Office of Refugee Resettlement is at capacity. The continued influx is going to put us way over capacity,' the officer explained. 'Once they're processed, we have to either find placement for them or release them, and right now we don't have any place to put them… If we have nowhere to house them, they're going to be released into the public—hundreds of bodies will be released.' 

The officer continued: 

In just the past two days alone we're talking in the neighborhood of 200 bodies or more that we need to either find placement for or that will be released from our custody. This figure doesn't include all of the other people that we have yet to process—at ports of entry they have close to 500 aliens to process who have yet to come into our custody. I'm hearing that they're even pulling border patrol agents to assist them because they don't have enough to keep up with processing all of the aliens. 

'And mind you,' the officer added, 'that figure is just the number of people that come over as a family unit—this doesn't include the unaccompanied children or illegal adults who cross the border.' 

This is significant because Hillary Clinton has pledged to 'end family detention and close private immigrant detention centers.' 

'Hillary believes we should end family detention for parents and children who arrive at our border in desperate situations. We have alternatives to detention for those who pose no flight or public safety risk, such as supervised release,' reads Clinton's campaign website. 

The agent described such a proposal as 'ridiculous' and dangerous—as her plan could enable criminal aliens to enter the country and victimize innocent Americans. 'If we think we have a mass migration problem now, and she's trying to propose something like that, it's only going to further overrun our borders and our officers,' the agent said. 

'Does she propose we just release them?' the agent asked. 'It sounds like she wants to create just another avenue for criminal aliens to re-enter the country and commit more crimes, and victimize more people while they're here… Her proposal seems pretty far-fetched and seems to lack any knowledge of what the real issues are… There have been many instances where the men that we're processing, who arrive with their family unit, have some criminal offenses in their history—is she proposing that we not investigate that?' 

In September, the National ICE Council, which represents the nation's roughly 5,000 frontline ICE officers, agents, and personnel endorsed Donald Trump over Clinton and 'urged all Americans, especially the millions of lawful immigrants living within our country, to support Donald J. Trump, and to protect American jobs, wages and lives.' The endorsement marked the ICE Council's first-ever endorsement of any candidate for any elected office. 

In a statement announcing the endorsement, the council's president warned against Clinton's 'radical plan' of 'total amnesty plus open borders' that 'would result in the loss of innocent American lives, mass victimization and death for many attempting to immigrate to the United States, the total gutting of interior enforcement, the handcuffing of ICE officers, and uncontrollable flood of illegal immigrants across U.S. borders.' The ICE Council president warned that the agenda of non-enforcement, favored by Clinton, 'results in the daily loss of life.'

ARTICLE

Posted 10/31/2016 3:05 pm by PatriotRising with  70% of PhDs unable to find alternative employment 
Government programs (such as subsidies and student loans) designed to inflate both the supply and demand for higher education have driven a wedge between universities, students, and employers. 

Like any other economic good, the value of a higher education degree is determined on the market, at the intersection of the subjective valuations and appraisements of those constituting the supply and demand of that particular good. The parties interested in these transactions are not just education providers and students, but also—or even primarily—employers looking to hire graduates into their companies. At least, that's how things should be, with entrepreneurs at the forefront, driving and shaping up the content and quality of the education and training of their future employees. 

But with the government interfering now for decades with this precarious balance, it is not unexpected to find that the essential link which allowed the market to work efficiently has been fractured. The result is that higher education degrees no longer hold any value for employers. 

Recent evidence suggests that in the UK, for example, a record number of university graduates— one in four —face only a choice between unemployment and taking a job that does not require a degree. This shows that their degrees are not demanded on the market or, alternatively, that young people are malinvesting high student loans into degrees which, once obtained, will not offer them better employment alternatives than before—thus having a rate of return too low to justify the initial investment. Similarly, an investigation by The Economist has revealed that worldwide, BAs, BSCs, but also master programs such as MBAs are no longer considered to offer a candidate a competitive edge in the marketplace. 

Another facet of the devaluation of higher education is the record high number of specialised degrees, a trend which began with masters and MBAs, but has now peaked into PhDs.The mismatch between supply and demand (academic positions) is even wider in this case. A 2013 paper published in Nature Biotechnology has found that 'Each year, there are seven times more PhDs awarded in science and engineering than there are newly available faculty positions.' In fact, the authors show that 

Since 1982, almost 800,000 PhDs were awarded in science and engineering (S&E) fields, whereas only about 100,000 academic faculty positions were created in those fields within the same time frame. The number of S&E PhDs awarded annually has also increased over this time frame, from ~19,000 in 1982 to ~36,000 in 2011. The number of faculty positions created each year, however, has not changed, with roughly 3,000 new positions created annually. 

A part of these graduates, especially in economics, end up working for the government when they eventually fail the market test. But the trend is also extending further to postdoctoral fellowships, which are sought after by the 70% of PhDs unable to find alternative employment. 

Taking the government out of higher education and letting universities compete in providing market-relevant, profitable degrees is only one part of the solution. The market for education won't be entirely healthy until the government is also taken out of primary, secondary, and high school curricula and finances, allowing parents and pupils to become informed consumers of education and good judges of their investments. 

Carmen Dorobăț has a PhD in economics from the University of Angers, and is assistant professor in International Business at Coventry University. Contact: .

ARTICLE

Posted 10/31/2016 2:37 pm by PatriotRising with  Clinton image added to 'Pathological lying' Wikipedia page 
If you had happened to Google the term 'pathological lying' on Sunday evening, you would have been met with none other than the bright, smiling face of presidential hopeful Hillary Clinton. Before Wikipedia administrators put a temporary lock on the entry early Monday morning, the top Google result for the term was a link to the Wiki article displaying Clinton's photo, along with the following quote defining pathological lying: 

'It is a stand-alone disorder as well as a symptom of other disorders such as psychopathy and antisocial, narcissistic, and histrionic personality disorders, but people who are pathological liars may not possess characteristics of the other disorders. Excessive lying is a common symptom of several mental disorders.' 

The revision history of the entry shows the picture of Clinton was originally added to the 'pathological lying' Wikipedia article on the morning of October 29th, but it wasn't until the next night that the ever-vigilant internet community took notice and excitedly spread the word on Facebook and Twitter . Check out the Google Trends report for 'pathological lying' below: 
Unsurprisingly, most reactions were supportive of the alteration to the Wikipedia article, once again showing the public's general distrust of the presidential candidate. A poll conducted by Quinnipiac University last year asked voters to say the first thing that came to mind when they thought of Hillary Clinton. The most popular response was 'liar,' followed by 'dishonest' and 'untrustworthy.' Maybe if the biggest names in journalism weren't outright colluding with Hillary's campaign , that poll would have been more widely reported. Maybe. 

Due to the fact major media corporations are completely ignoring the corruption surrounding the Clinton campaign, it has been left to Wikileaks, independent media outlets, and the social media community to push this information into the public eye. Just a week away from the election, new evidence was discovered that prompted the FBI to announce they have reopened the criminal investigation into Hillary's private email server. 

With Republican nominee Donald Trump scheduled to appear in court to face rape allegations, there is a high possibility the next president of the United States will be facing criminal charges before they're even inaugurated. If nothing else, this election cycle is proving that people want truth — and they'll get creative to expose it. Do you enjoy reading Patriot Rising?

ARTICLE

Posted 10/31/2016 2:31 pm by PatriotRising with  A series of leaked images reveal how groups of illegal immigrants continue to flow over the Texas border in unprecedented numbers. The lack of physical barrier and real border security allows human smugglers and their cargo to simply wade across the shallow waters of the Rio Grande. 

Breitbart Texas exclusively obtained leaked law enforcement images of a crossing attempt by human smugglers in an area between Del Rio and Laredo, Texas. According to various sources on both sides of the border, the area where the crossing took place is under the control of the Los Zetas cartel . 

The black and white images were taken using night vision equipment in order to record the smuggling operations. The images reveal that human smugglers appear to operate with little concern due to the lack of presence by U.S. law enforcement. 
The human smugglers can be seen driving in SUVs to the Mexican side of the river before disembarking. The illegal immigrants then hoist their belongings over their heads and proceed to wade through the water onto the U.S. side of the border where more human smugglers await. 
Border Patrol Agent Shawn Moran, speaking to Breitbart Texas in his role as National Border Patrol Council Vice President, cautioned that many would assume the fact that technology identified these unknown aliens crossing does not mean they were apprehended. 

Agent Moran stated, 'We have a manpower shortage and have seen instances where were could only respond to 40 percent of the crossings we knew were occurring. The technology is great at letting us know a crossing is occurring, but what good is it if we don't have the agents to respond.' 
A recent report from Breitbart Texas showed illegal immigrants crossing the border from Mexico and entering the U.S. inside the city limits of Laredo, Texas. In that case, the foreigners were able to overcome U.S. border security with nothing more than a breaststroke and a cheap inner tube . 
As Breitbart Texas recently reported, the numbers of illegal immigrant families and unaccompanied minors crossing the border from Mexico are up dramatically in the federal Fiscal Year 2016. The apprehension of families has increased by 95 percent over FY 2015 numbers to 77,674 according to a report from U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP). The number of Unaccompanied Alien Children (UAC) crossing the border hit a near record total of 59,692. According to a previous Breitbart Texas report, the numbers of illegal immigrants have been dramatically increasing in the three months leading up to the election. 

Ildefonso Ortiz is an award winning journalist with Breitbart Texas. He co-founded the Cartel Chronicles project and you can follow him on Twitter and on Facebook . 

Brandon Darby is managing director and editor-in-chief of Breitbart Texas. Follow him on Twitter and Facebook . 

DISCLOSURE: Breitbart News sponsors the National Border Patrol Council's radio program, The Green Line. The author of this article received an award from the Laredo chapter of the National Border Patrol Council for his 'being a voice and staunch advocate for Border patrol agents.' Breitbart News previously covered the costs of a slain Border Patrol agent's funeral. The National Border Patrol Council endorsed Donald Trump for President after the candidate vowed to give veteran Border Patrol agents a voice in what is needed to properly secure the U.S.-Mexico border. Do you enjoy reading Patriot Rising?

ARTICLE

Posted 10/31/2016 2:03 pm by PatriotRising with  Republican nominee Donald Trump told an audience of roughly 8,000 cheering fans that if he had cheated in presidential debates the way rival Hillary Clinton had, he would be sent to the 'electric chair.' 

Trump was commenting on the revelation by Wikileaks on Monday that CNN commentator Donna Brazile, who is now the chair of the Democratic National Committee, had been caught again passing debate questions from the network to the Clinton campaign during the Democratic primary. 

Brazile had been exposed earlier doing the same — passing a question to the Clinton campaign in advance of a town hall debate against Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-VT). 

At the time, Brazile was not yet DNC chair, but was a regular CNN contributor. 

CNN fired Brazile on Monday, releasing a statement: ''We are completely uncomfortable with what we have learned about her interactions with the Clinton campaign while she was a CNN contributor.' 

Trump noted that Brazile was not the core issue — 'I don't care' about her, he said. Rather, he argued, Hillary Clinton should have reported Brazile the first time she tried to pass debate questions to her. 
Trump also talked about cheating at the polls, telling supporters that the only way to overcome voter fraud would be to vote by the 'millions.' 

He cited 1.8 million dead people on the country's voter rolls, and 2.75 million who are registered in more than one state. (The statistics appear to be based on a Pew Research Center study.) 

Trump challenged journalists in the room to ask Hillary Clinton why she had not reported Brazile after being provided with the debate questions. 

Joel B. Pollak is Senior Editor-at-Large at Breitbart News. His new book, See No Evil: 19 Hard Truths the Left Can't Handle , is available from Regnery through Amazon. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak . Do you enjoy reading Patriot Rising?

ARTICLE

Posted 10/31/2016 1:28 pm by PatriotRising with  
According to a report in the New Yorker, James Comey, Big Kahuna of the FBI, went full-on cowboy in releasing details of the new Clinton email inquiry. Apparently, the Department of Justice advised him not to release the information just days before the presidential election. 

Gosh. I wonder if the same advice would have been given if it was Donald Trump who was being investigated by the FBI. 

Comey explained his decision in a letter to FBI employees : 

'We don't ordinarily tell Congress about ongoing investigations, but here I feel an obligation to do so given that I testified repeatedly in recent months that our investigation was completed. I also think it would be misleading to the American people were we not to supplement the record.' 

The DoJ – and by DoJ I mean Attorney General Loretta Lynch, who famously had a secret meeting on an airport tarmac with Bill Clinton to talk about her non-existent grandchildren – is implying that Comey is not playing fair and that the move is inconsistent with the rules which have been designed to make it seem like they are not interfering in an election. 

Here's Comey's letter to the Senate Judiciary Committee: 
Really? 

The DoJ thinks that the public shouldn't know that the person they may be voting for is being investigated by the FBI? 

That's the most absurd thing I have heard for quite some time, and considering this election, that's really saying something. 

This is from the New Yorker report, emphasis mine. 

On Friday, James Comey, the director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, acting independently of Attorney General Loretta Lynch , sent a letter to Congress saying that the F.B.I. had discovered e-mails that were potentially relevant to the investigation of Hillary Clinton's private server. Coming less than two weeks before the Presidential election, Comey's decision to make public new evidence that may raise additional legal questions about Clinton was contrary to the views of the Attorney General, according to a well-informed Administration official. Lynch expressed her preference that Comey follow the department's longstanding practice of not commenting on ongoing investigations, and not taking any action that could influence the outcome of an election, but he said that he felt compelled to do otherwise . 

Comey's decision is a striking break with the policies of the Department of Justice, according to current and former federal legal officials. Comey, who is a Republican appointee of President Obama, has a reputation for integrity and independence, but his latest action is stirring an extraordinary level of concern among legal authorities, who see it as potentially affecting the outcome of the Presidential and congressional elections. ( source ) 

Is this investigation the iceberg to HRC's Titanic campaign? 

Hillary Clinton has said she finds the development 'unprecedented and deeply troubling.' (source ) 

Oh, I'll bet she does. 

I'll bet if Trump had been the target of the investigation she would have been up on the stage, gripping the podium to stay upright, saying how wonderful it was that Comey decided to break the news so that voters could be aware that they might be voting for someone who was suspected of having broken federal laws. I'll bet she'd be saying that the public has a right to know if a candidate was under investigation. I'll bet she'd take the high road and say that those elected to the office of President of the United States have to be above and beyond reproach. 

Of course, when it's her, things are a little different, aren't they? 

We do have a right to know. We absolutely have a right to know that a person who could be elected to know all of the secrets was careless when she only knew some of the secrets. It seems like a no-brainer that the public should know that a candidate is being investigated for a second time for being criminally negligent with information entrusted to her. 

And the fact that we know has severely damaged Clinton's campaign. Although previous polls were incredibly skewed to the point of being outright fake , it looks like the mainstream is now trying to save face with a new batch of polls. A poll from ABC news and the Washington Post , both hotbeds of liberal voters, has shown that her lead has dropped to within a single point over Donald Trump due to the Clinton email scandal. 

'About a third of likely voters say they're less likely to support Clinton given FBI Director James Comey's disclosure Friday that the bureau is investigating more emails related to its probe of Clinton's use of a private email server while secretary of state. ' 

Finally, some people are actually paying attention to the character of Hillary Clinton. 

But it may not be enough. There was one finding that was astonishing to me, even though it probably shouldn't be: 

'Given other considerations, 63 percent say it makes no difference.' 

Those are the very people that warning labels were created to protect . 

Meanwhile, on social media, the FBI emails are somehow not a trending topic. It certainly appears that Twitter, Facebook, Snapchat, and Buzzfeed are blacking out the topic. 

My biggest question is this: Why now? 

Why did James Comey, who has probably committed career suicide, along with a potential actual 'suicide' via a shot to the back of his own head like others who have run afoul of the Clintons, feel the need to break the news, particularly after giving her a pass during the last investigation? 

Opponents will jump on the fact that he's a Republican and will say that he did it for political reasons. 

They won't admit that perhaps he felt guilty for being complicit in letting her off the hook in the first investigation into the Clinton email negligence. 

They will never, ever admit that maybe his integrity and belief in the office he holds made it impossible for him to keep quiet until after the election and that, perhaps, when he was given a chance to right a previous wrong, he took it. 

Clinton isn't taking it gracefully. 

Clinton's complaints, which have appeared in the press around the world, make her look even worse than she did before. 

This is from The Telegraph , a UK publication: 

Hillary Clinton was furiously fighting to keep her Presidential bid on track on Saturday night as her lead in the polls narrowed, after the FBI's bombshell announcement that it had reopened its investigation into her emails. 

James Comey announced on Friday afternoon that fresh evidence had emerged for his investigation into whether Mrs Clinton was criminally negligent in her handling of classified material. 

On Saturday, the latest poll of polls by tracker site RealClearPolitics put Clinton 3.9 percentage points ahead of the Republican nationwide, down from 7.1 points just 10 days previously. 

But wait – it gets better: 

The Clinton campaign has responded with what amounts to a declaration of open warfare against Mr Comey, alleging that his actions are backed by a political motive. And Mrs Clinton herself called the decision 'unprecedented' and 'deeply troubling'. 

'It's pretty strange to put something like that out with such little information right before an election,' she complained, addressing cheering supporters at a rally in the must-win state of Florida. 

Democrats questioned the timing of the agency's decision, which comes as polls showed Mrs Clinton's lead falling just 10 days before the presidential election. 

'This is like an 18-wheeler smacking into us, and it just becomes a huge distraction at the worst possible time,' said Donna Brazile, the chairwoman of the Democratic National Committee. 

'The campaign is trying to cut through the noise as best it can. 

'We don't want it to knock us off our game. But on the second-to-last weekend of the race, we find ourselves having to tell voters, 'Keep your focus, keep your eyes on the prize.'' 

Hillary's campaign manager sounds pretty desperate to me. As for the complaints from HRC, they just make her sound like the out-of-touch, money-grabbing, power-hungry, deceitful

ARTICLE

Posted 10/31/2016 12:28 pm by PatriotRising with  
Halloween seems as good a time as any to remind ourselves that the United States is in the midst of perhaps the most truly horrifying presidential election in modern history. Sure, we've seen buffoons, members of political crime families and unhinged warmongers run for president before — but seldom in American politics has a political candidate been as unpredictable as Donald Trump or checked as many unsavory boxes as Hillary Clinton. 

In case you're hoping to read an endorsement of Republican Donald Trump within the body of this piece, allow me to chill your anticipation: There won't be one. 

While Trump has certainly led a successful life and smartly built a business empire by gaming a system which is stacked against the vast majority of Americans, there's little reason to believe that he's any more trustworthy than your average backcountry used car salesman. 

Trump's worldview is shaded by a personal belief that everything he says and thinks absolutely is correct, believe me. That's what makes him such a maverick salesman. In any sales 101 course, students learn that customers respond best to sales tactics dripping in assertions of authority on the subject of the product being sold. They don't necessarily have to be true—but any fast talker worth his commission knows all the best words to make anything appear honest, if only long enough to get that signature on the dotted line. 

Trump is a gamble. 

And with that, maybe there is room for a slighted endorsement of a Trump presidency. At least he's peddling a product to the American voting public. He's going to 'Make America Great Again,' whatever that means. 

We haven't actually gotten a good look at the nuts and bolts of the Trump sales equation, so it is at best an as-is sale. 

Hillary Clinton, meanwhile, can be precisely defined as 'the devil we know.' 

Not only has she spent three decades in various states of public office, but by mishandling sensitive information she's also carelessly made available the finer points of her plans for the American future. 

Unfortunately, the terrifying reality of Clinton's vision are of little consequence to her campaign. The Clinton family developed a winning formula for media manipulation way back when they occupied the Arkansas Governor's Mansion, so she has no need to finesse supporters into believing in her product. 

If you know anyone supporting Clinton simply because they are put off by Trump's lack of a political record, here are a few things you ought to let them know. 

Clinton's email scandal is only just beginning. As president, the controversy would likely continue to distract her from the work of running America. 

She is a deranged sociopathic war criminal who should be indicted for conspiracy and murder. 

A Clinton White House would heighten tensions between the U.S. and Russia by doubling down on Clinton's failed State Department policies. 

Clinton refuses to take responsibility for any of her actions . 

Given Clinton's trouble from transparency groups, her election would likely bring about a major crackdown on whistleblowers. 

Clinton is also, as one journalist put it, beholden to scumbags who she will work for from the Oval Office. 

The bottom line here is that Americans hoping for a transformative outcome in the 2016 presidential election are likely to be very disappointed. Aside from saying 'not Clinton,' it's pretty impossible to say anyone really deserves a thinking American's vote in this cycle. The third-parties, as usual, are hell's snowballs thanks to the political establishment's efforts; and neither mainstream candidate is likely to reverse the nation's leading causes of decline: cronyism, military adventurism, ballooning government and a continued disregard for the constitutional principles on which it was founded.

ARTICLE

Posted 11/03/2016 12:44 am by PatriotRising with 1 comment 
Why The U.S. Presidential Election Has The Entire World Confused By Brandon Smith 

Well, everyone thought it was a sure thing — Hillary Clinton had the White House in the bag; the entire political system from the DNC to the RNC and the mainstream media had already called the election over and done. Online gambling sites listed Clinton as a sure bet and Irish site Paddy Power even paid out one million dollars on the assumption of a Clinton win. And then, one Weiner ruined everything — Anthony Weiner. 

The revelation of an October surprise re-opening of the FBI's investigation into Hillary Clinton's misuse of classified data on private and vulnerable email servers does not come as a shock to me, but it certainly does to many people around the world. Hundreds of mainstream outlets are scrambling to spin the news as misconduct by the FBI rather than a victory for the halls of justice. Numerous alternative media analysts are rushing to cover their butts and admit that there is now a 'chance' of a Trump win. Confusion reigns supreme as the weirdest election in U.S. history continues to bewilder observers. 

The first issue that needs to be addressed is the lack of an open mind displayed by some when it comes to the real purpose behind this election. The second issue here, of course, is one of timing. 

Through the majority of this election cycle the public consensus has been that Clinton will win. Some argued that Trump would not be able to compete with the leftist media empire standing against him, while others have argued that the entire system including the Republican establishment would ensure that Trump would fail. The alternative media has in the past simply pointed out that elections have always been rigged, either by the elites playing both sides of the competition, or through outright voter fraud. They have assumed that the elites want Clinton, and therefore, the election has already been decided. 

I tend to agree with the latter point of view, though I disagree with the conclusion. U.S. elections are indeed controlled, and have been for decades, primarily through the false left/right paradigm. However, as I have been pointing out since I correctly predicted the success of the Brexit referendum, I don't think that Clinton is the choice of the elites. 

I outline my reasons for this conclusion in-depth in articles like '2016 Will End With Economic Instability And A Trump Presidency' , published in August. For the past several months it seems as though I have been the only person holding the view that Trump will be president. Only in the past few days have I received emails from readers stating that they used to think I was probably crazy, but now they aren't so sure… 

To be clear, my position is that Trump is slated to take the White House and that this is by design. This has been my position since before Trump won the Republican Primaries, it was my position when the election cycle began, it has never changed, nor have my views on the reasons for this outcome ever changed. Of course, the election is not over yet, and if Clinton ends up soiling the already thoroughly soiled Oval Office with her presence, then everyone can color me confused as well. That said, here are some issues that I think many people are overlooking when coming to conclusions on the election and the events surrounding it. 

Clinton Is The Worst Candidate The Elites Could Have Chosen 

I have been studying the activities and behaviors of establishment elites for over a decade and I have to say… they are not stupid. They certainly have hubris, and I would not call them 'wise,' but they are definitely devious. They know how to rig a game. They know how to play both sides. They know how to cheat to get what they want when it comes to politics and how to manufacture consent from portions of the public. They've been doing it a long time. They have mastered it. 

So, in my view it is rather insane for the elites to field a candidate such as Hillary Clinton IF the entirety of their globalist empire hangs in the balance (I don't think it does). Though she is fond of BleachBit, the woman is unbleachable. With a decades-long rap sheet from her work at Rose Law Firm (in which document destruction and 'misplacement' was apparently routine) to her interference with investigations into Bill Clinton's sexual indiscretions, to the strange odyssey surrounding her lies on the Benghazi attack, as well as her rampant mishandling of classified documents as head of the State Department, not to mention the Clinton Foundation's pay to play scandals, it is impossible to endear her to the masses. Her dismal crowd turnouts are rather indicative of this. 

On top of all this, Clinton's anti-Russia rhetoric is coming off as absolutely crazy, and I think this is by design. Many in the alternative media, while assuming that Clinton is paving the way for WWIII, forget that the average person may not be up to speed on the same information we are, but most of them aren't ignorant. Clinton's ravings on Russian hacking and potential war are even putting liberals off rather than inspiring their confidence. 

One would think that if the elites have their veritable pick of any politician to represent their interests in the White House and convince the American public to go along for the ride, Clinton would be the worst choice. Even if the intention were to rig the election in favor of Clinton, she would be a lame-duck president the second she took office, and, her mere presence would galvanize conservatives to the point of mass rebellion. 

This is not generally how the elites play the game. Instead, they prefer co-option to direct confrontation. 

Which President Is Better For The Elites During An Economic Breakdown? 

If you consider the premise that Clinton is NOT the chosen one, and that the entire election is theater, the situation changes rather drastically. 

Those that follow the underlying economic data that the mainstream tends to ignore know that large swaths of the global financial system are not long for this world. With Europe's banking system plunging towards a Lehman-style event, the OPEC production freeze deal ready to fall apart yet again, and the Federal Reserve threatening to raise rates into recessionary conditions in December, our already floundering fiscal structure is approaching another crisis. 

My questions has always been who would the elites rather have in office when this crisis occurs? I've said it a hundred times before and I'll say it again here: with Clinton in office, globalists and international financiers get the blame for any economic downturn. With Trump in office, conservative movements will be blamed. In fact, I suggest anyone who doubts this scenario watch stock market reactions every time Trump rises in the polls or Clinton faces renewed scandal. The narrative is already being prepared — a Trump win equals a market loss. 

For those that think it outlandish that the public could be tricked into blaming Trump and conservatives for an economic crisis, I suggest they consider that possession is nine-tenths of the law in the minds of many. People can also be irrational when facing financial ruin. I would remind readers that history is written by the victors. The globalists plan to be victorious in the dismantling of America and our founding principles. Whether or not they succeed is really up to average conservatives and liberty proponents, not Trump. 

The FBI's Move Prepares The Way For Trump 

Clinton and the DNC argue that FBI Director James Comey's announcement of a re-opened investigation is politically motivated. And they are right, sort of. The real motivation, I believe, is that Clinton was never meant to win the election in the first place, and that the elites want Trump placed in power during the final hours of the U.S. economy. Everything else is just a Kabuki dance. 

The democrats are crying foul and accusing Comey of 'working with Putin,' or working with the alt-right. The nefarious Harry Reid has even accused the FBI of hiding Trump's supposed ties to the Russian government and violating the Hatch Act. 

I think much of this outrage is real, as I believe much of the mainstream media attacks on Trump are coming from people who really think they are waging a propaganda war to get Hillary Clinton elected. This, however, does not mean that the elites plan to install Clinton. 

Some might see my position as bizarre. I understand. But equally bizarre to me are some of the rationalizations people attempt to argue when dealing with the Comey revelation. 

For example, the argument that the entire re-opening of the investigation is a complex ploy designed by the establishment to distract away from the Wikileaks data dumps. This makes little sense. If anything, the re-opening investigation is only bringing MORE attention to the Wikileaks data, not less. If the elites were hoping to create a distraction, they failed miserably. 

The FBI's announcement ONLY harms the Clinton campaign. Period. Even if it fizzles out, even if they announce that nothing was found, the investigation hitting the news streams so close to election day refocuses all public attention back on Clinton's corruption and will continue to do so for the next week at least. The idea that the elites hope to use it to help Clinton is nonsensical. 

I have also seen the argument that Comey is acting to cover his own posterior, perhaps because of a fear that Trump may steal away a victory. I find this equally absurd. Months back the consensus among alternative analysts was that Comey (placed in the FBI by Obama) was a traitor and the FBI was a puppet agency of the establishment. Now, suddenly, Comey is worried about a possible Trump win and so takes an action which might self-fulfill the prophecy? 

Comey does what he is told. The FBI is an owned and operated elitist franchise. They do not go rogue. If the rogue FBI narrative were true and Comey actually feels the need to cover his bases with Trump, then it is only because he knows something the rest of us do not. With Clinton in office, his goose would be cooked after this little incident. Comey only gains an advantage if Trump is slated to win. 

Trump May Or May Not Be Aware Of The Plan 

The bottom line, according to the evidence I have seen in terms of elitists influence over U.S. elections, is that if Trump wins it will only be because they wanted him to win. The FBI firestorm this past week appears to support my view and we still have another week left for further Clinton ugliness to be revealed. I also expect that if Trump wins, the reaction from conservatives and liberty activists will be that the event was a 'miracle,' a shocking upset against the establishment. Much like the reaction to the Brexit referendum. I continue to hold that conservatives and sovereignty champions in Europe and America are being set up to take the fall for a coming global destabilization. 

I have not taken this position just to be contrary. If I think about it honestly, my position is truly a losing position. If I am mistaken and Clinton wins on the 8th then I'll probably never hear the end of it, but that's a risk that has to be taken, because what I see here is a move on the chess board that others are not considering. If I'm wrong, then I'm wrong. 

That said, if I am right, then I still lose, because Trump supporters and half the liberty movement will be so enraptured that they will probably ignore the greater issue — that Trump is the candidate the elites wanted all along. 

If I am right, I cannot say either way if Trump is aware that he will be a potential scapegoat for the elites. With Trump on the way to the White House I can guarantee a Fed rate hike in December. Imagine what a staged war between Trump and the Federal Reserve will do to the U.S. dollar? What a way to destroy the currency's world reserve status and make way for the IMF's Special Drawing Rights! I also suspect that widespread rioting is on the schedule as well from various social justice mobs; a perfect excuse for expansive martial law measures, don't you think? 

The point is, as horrifying as a Clinton presidency might be to conservatives (or to everyone), don't get too comfortable under Trump. The party is just getting started and our vigilance must be even greater with a conservative White House, because, like it or not, everything Trump does is going to reflect on us. We can no more allow unconstitutional activities under Trump than we could under Clinton. If you think the election has been chaotic and confusing so far, just wait until after it is over. 

If you would like to support the publishing of articles like the one you have just read, visit our donations page here . We greatly appreciate your patronage. You can contact Brandon Smith at: Do you enjoy reading Patriot Rising?

ARTICLE

Posted 11/09/2016 5:13 am by PatriotRising with  VIDEO COMPILATION —- PUNDITS DECLARE DONALD TRUMP CANNOT WIN ELECTION… 
Barack Obama… 
Barack Obama 2: Donald Trump won't be president. 
Jorge Ramos: Donald Trump can't win without Latinos. #JorgeRamos 
Bob Schieffer: I can't find any Republican who now thinks Trump will win (4 weeks ago) 
Krauthammer: Trump can't win in November without cooperation from Ryan Penny Nance on Why Trump can't win over conservative women 
Ted Cruz (in primary) Trump 'cannot win a majority' 
CNN says Trump can't win. Do you enjoy reading Patriot Rising?

ARTICLE

Posted 11/15/2016 9:23 am by PatriotRising with  
Americans have been to the polls. Everything is over but the shouting — by the loser, that is honest Hil. I predicted that the best Trump could have hoped for was winning the popular vote but losing the Electoral College but I got it wrong: the Donald has triumphed. An underfunded campaign — he spent barely half of what she did — with a skeletal crew and without the party's full backing won out because not all of America agrees with the values of Jay-Z, Beyoncé, Springsteen, Hollywood in general and gay marriage in particular. 

Trump appealed to those who have been snubbed, the great ignored. They are mainly blue-collar whites who had long been belittled and overlooked by the media until suddenly their knight in a shiny gold Cadillac appeared. In a rare moment of openness, Hillary described these people as 'deplorable'. Basically, Trump's message was that to embrace extremism was to acknowledge the danger in absolute terms: no more Muslims coming in, no more Nafta, a wall to stop Mexicans, and so on. Even more profoundly, even nice, unsophisticated Americans wondered why Hillary or Obama had been so squeamish about calling a spade a spade, i.e., radical Islamic terrorism. As a Trump follower wrote, 'Moderation in the pursuit of evil is no virtue. 

Imperfect as Trump was a candidate, his enemies are the very same people who are shocked (in the manner of Captain Renault) by the ignorance of hoi polloi, and who decided long ago that these people are not to be trusted. You know the kind: Beltway insiders, media pundits, academics, policy professionals, Hollywood types, fashion elites, TV celebrities, professional race hustlers, gay activists; you name what's in the news nowadays, they were against the Donald. They are part of the arrangement. Their European counterparts are in the EU, and among the Remainers. 

If one had to slice it down even further, this election was basically the politically correct versus the politically incorrect. Although blue collars may not sound too sophisticated to snotty-nosed Beltway insiders, the blues know that this is no longer a war between nation states but a fight between civilizations: Islam and the West. An American president with an IQ lower than his younger daughter's age invaded the Middle East, claiming that the region would welcome having American values imposed upon it. Hillary voted for that disastrous action; Trump was against it from the start. Americans see Europe and cringe. They see 'Frenchmen' cheering as their white countrymen are murdered in cold blood by Muslims and realize that this is a war fought by immigration. They put two and two together and calculate that in 100 years there will be more Muslims in Europe than white European Christians and that Sharia law will be imposed from above. And they also see a Dutch MP on trial for speaking against unlimited immigration, an MP, incidentally, who was refused entry to the UK for being right-wing, whatever that means. 

One political philosopher at Oxford asked, 'What gives a country the right to control its borders?' Well, I'm asking who gave his mother the right to give birth to such a moron, but then not everyone is as rude as yours truly. And then, of course, the R-word comes into it. That's what the election was and will be all about in the near future. Race is to America what immigration is to Europe: the large pachyderm crowding everyone out of the chic drawing-room in Chelsea. 
Whites choose to live, as do blacks, among their own — if they have the choice. Churches self-segregate and whites flee to the suburbs once blacks move in next door. The elites, however, call this racism, although they would not dream of living next to a black family unless they were the Obamas, and then some. And as more and more Africans move to the States, there are more and more natives who feel a kind of cultural dispossession and a belief that Uncle Sam cannot thrive as an increasingly multiracial nation. Those who feel this way have been X-rated by the elites, and are called racists, homophobes, sexists, xenophobes and morally deformed. These people found a champion in Trump. 

And now a word about the fourth estate: I knew the fix was in long ago — never have the media been as incapable of separating fact from fiction and truth be damned — but when Vogue came out slamming Trump, I almost pissed in my St Laurent silk underwear. Never before have so many news outlets abandoned all pretence of fairness in reporting an election. Never before have newspapers — with the exception of the New York Times , which always mixes reporting news with editorialising — allowed reporters to express their opinions in so-called news stories. And the TV reportage was just as bad. You know the kind of thing: the pursed lips and air of healthy scepticism when it came to anything resembling a pro-Trump comment; the head tilt of doubt in response to any Trump announcement; the look of outraged authority when anyone defended Trump. The ones I found amusing were the lightweights of Vogue , those narcissistic onanists who somehow viewed Trump as an American version of Brexit. His hair and make-up was an affront to their preening self-importance. They minced their way to Hillary. 

But the Donald has won and, best of all, the New York Times , the Washington Post , the New Yorker and the three main networks have once and for all disgraced themselves by proving they have no idea what this country is about. Yippee! 


ARTICLE

Posted 11/16/2016 2:11 pm by PatriotRising with  Students at the University of Massachusetts, Amherst are staging a week-long 'shit-in,' occupying restrooms in an administration building to demand more gender-neutral facilities. Gender Liberation UMass, the student group behind the demonstration, announced Tuesday that administrators had 'tentatively agreed to progressive 'benchmarks' put forth by organizers,' but urges supporters to remain on-call. 
Students at the University of Massachusetts, Amherst are staging a week-long 'shit-in,' occupying restrooms in an administration building to demand more gender-neutral facilities. 

The ' Shit-In at Whitmore ' demonstration began Monday morning at the Whitmore Administration building (which the activists have nicknamed 'Queermore'), and organizers intend to have students continue occupying stalls in the building's male and female restrooms until their demands are met, though the Facebook event specifies a Friday afternoon ending. 

'Maybe [administrators] will feel a little bit as anxious as trans students do just trying to pee on campus.' Tweet This 

Gender Liberation UMass (GLU), a student group at UMass, is responsible for organizing the event, and provides an online sign-up form for supporters to stake out specific times and locations, giving them the option of stating whether they prefer to be along in a stall or to share one with 'other sitters.' 

The primary goal of the protest is to convince the administration to convert additional bathrooms on campus into gender-neutral facilities by changing the signage, which the group believes will promote 'trans inclusivity and safety on campus,' but GLU has also articulated two additional demands, pledging to continue obstructing toilets until all three are met. 

In addition to gender-neutral restrooms, the group is calling for the 'advancement of medically and socially competent in-house transgender health services at the University Health Services center,' as well as the 'hiring of a professor by the WGSS [Women, Gender, and Sexuality Studies Department] who is an expert in the field of critical transmisogyny from an intersectional perspective.' 
Divest UMass, a student environmentalist group, released a statement on its Facebook page expressing solidarity with the GLU protesters 

'These demands are elementary, and it is disappointing that UMass has failed to meet the needs of trans and gender non-conforming students to date. The administration must seriously put a plan into action to de-gender its facilities,' the message declares. 'In the meantime, maybe they will feel a little bit as anxious as trans students do just trying to pee on the campus they pay tuition to every single day.' 

Although the objectives of Divest UMass are not directly related to those being pursued by GLU, but leaders of the Divest group explained their interest in the 'shit-in' by asserting that all progressive causes are interrelated, saying, 'There can be no climate justice without gender justice. There can no be gender justice without racial justice. There can no be racial justice without economic justice. There can be no economic justice without social justice.' 

Within a day of the restroom occupation starting, GLU announced that it had secured a meeting with Vice Chancellor of Student Affairs Enku Gelaye on Tuesday morning to discuss its demands, and subsequently reported Tuesday evening that administrators had 'tentatively agreed to progressive 'benchmarks' put forth by organizers.' 

'The administration is definitely listening and the tones of our conversation have changed quite a bit,' one GLU member told Campus Reform , though the group is cautioning its supporters to remain prepared, because 'the need for action may arise at any moment.' 

'Changing the signage really is not very expensive, and I don't want to talk bad about the administration here, but that's one of the things we've had to go back and forth about, is this idea of the cost of it,' another GLU member added. 'I and other members of GLU think the numbers they have proposed for what it would cost to change the signage are way beyond what it would really be.' 

UMass Executive Director of Strategic Communications Ed Blaguszewski, however, told Campus Reform that the university is committed to expanding the availability of gender-neutral restrooms, making no mention of cost concerns while asserting that university officials would continue to meet regularly with transgender students to discuss their concerns. 

'Currently, there are more than 200 gender-inclusive, single-user restrooms on campus, and during the coming year more than 50 will be added, either by construction or by converting single-user 'Men' or 'Women' facilities to 'Restrooms,'' he explained, adding that 'All new construction and major renovations on campus will include gender-inclusive restrooms.

