ARTICLE

Continue Scroll down to preview in browser Manny Pacquiao's Son Dead? Report Says Jimuel Pacquiao Dies Of Asthm Complications NCAA Season 87: Opening Day, July 2, 2011 inboundpass/ Flickr cc

ARTICLE

Comment 
Russia is reportedly planning to attack as the United States remains distracted on election day. According to reports, Vladimir Putin's war fleet could launch a bloody attack on Syria within 24 hours. Will things turn uglier? 
Russia may be taking advantage as the rest of America continues to be on their toes on its presidential elections. According to reports, Vladimir Putin's war fleet is expected to launch a massive cruise missile attack on Syria in just 24 hours. 
The coming hours present a perfect opportunity for Russia as 'war crimes' and 'no fly zones' have been pushed aside as America battles it out on Hilary Clinton and Donald Trump. Russia Spits On US As Conflict Ignites 
The United States called out Russia for its bombing campaign in the disputed region. In fact, Washington also threatened to impose sanctions on the country repeatedly because of what John Kerry referred to as 'the largest of humanitarian disasters.' 
Also Read: Russia Fires At United States As Tensions Escalate 
According to Daily Star's report , experts have warned about the conflict that could ensue should the tensions between Russia and the U.S. continue to rise. 
In another report from the Voice of America , Russia's Defense Ministry officials clarified on Tuesday that the new strikes against Islamic State terror group will be targeting the outskirts of the northern city of Aleppo and would ensue in the next few hours. However, an unidentified source told VOA that the possible strikes were in support of the regime of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad. 
'The comments from the Russian Ministry of Defense suggest they are more interested in the world seeing Russia's naval capabilities in action than the world seeing Russia live up to its word,' the official said. 'An escalation would make it harder to resolve the brutal civil war in Syria and raise more doubts about Russia's commitment.' 
Liked this story? Subscribe to our newsletter or follow us on Twitter and Facebook for more updates on America. morningnewsusa.com/ArticlePage

ARTICLE

Rihanna In Child Porn Photos? 
By Comment 
Rihanna is no stranger to controversy, but this time, she is being accused of releasing a so-called child porn photo. The controversial picture, which was posted by the 28-year-old singer on Instagram, shows her and niece Majesty in the bathroom in a very intimate moment – and fully naked. 
Although the photo of the 'Umbrella' singer and Majesty was apparently done in good taste, netizens couldn't help criticizing the Barbadian born artist for sharing such an intimate picture. Many of them perhaps believed that such private matters should not make their way to the public sphere. 
In fact, social media is buzzing with comments which blast Rihanna for spreading what some describe as child porn photos. One troll commented on Instagram, 'So inappropriate, what's wrong with society,' while another dissenter wrote, 'This is bad, OMG – I need to report this.' 
'Isn't this child porn?' asked one vocal critic. Another said: 'Omg hell to the no, too many weirdos on here – take it down @badgalriri,' according to Yahoo! News . 
ALSO READ: Brad Pitt, Rihanna Dating Rumors: RiRi Obsessed With Actor, Wants Romantic Nights With Him? 
In the meantime, there are also other industry insiders who, instead of calling out the 'Diamonds' singer for her supposed snafu, have praised her for her openness. Perez Hilton has even described the pop icon as the 'coolest baby sitter ever.' 
Instead of hitting the singing superstar, the popular celebrity blogger pointed out that Rihanna was far from releasing child porn photos, but was just showing her unconditional love for her niece with the 'bath snap.' 
Hilton himself has also been involved in a similar controversy after he posted a photo of himself on social media taking a bath with his son. Many of his followers unfollowed him after he released the said picture, reported Yahoo! News . 
Many of Hilton's fans came to his rescue, as they noted that nudity between parents and children are perfectly normal. It would be nice to hear Rihanna's followers showing their support to their idol, and help reverse the rumor that she has proliferating child porn photos. 
Want to receive more news updates on Rihanna ? Subscribe to our daily newsletter or follow us on Twitter and Facebook . morningnewsusa.com/ArticlePage

ARTICLE

Comment 
Floyd Mayweather Jr. insisted that the only reason he attended the Pacquiao vs Vargas fight was so that he could take his daughter to see the match. Boxing pundits think there's more to the story than meets the eye. 
Mayweather retired from boxing after his 12-round domination of Andre Berto in September 2015. His record currently stands at 49-0. He shares that feat with boxing legend Rocky Marciano. 
Many believe Mayweather is too ambitious to turn down a shot at 50-0. The five-division world champion even left the door open for a comeback fight, but only if the price is right. 
'Right now, I'm happy on this side, but I've been talking and you just never know,' he told The Telegraph . 'If I came back, of course, it would have to be a nine-figure payday and probably a championship fight and a nine-figure payday.' 
Also Read: Canelo Alvarez vs Gennady Golovkin Will Happen, Says Bernard Hopkins 
There are only two names in boxing today that could make Mayweather's comeback fight a reality: Manny Pacquiao and Canelo Alvarez. Both have lost to Mayweather in the past and have been grumbling for a rematch ever since. 
Pacquiao is emerging as the clear-cut favorite. The Filipino icon is fresh off his unanimous decision victory against Jessie Vargas for the WBO welterweight title. 
Top Rank CEO Bob Arum stated that negotiations for a Mayweather vs Pacquiao rematch would be easier this time around since most of the legal work have already been ironed out before the first fight, Boxing News Online reported. 
Also Read: Manny Pacquiao vs Gennady Golovkin Super Fight Planned For 2017? 
Pacquiao is also doing his part in building hype for the possible rematch. He hasn't been a tad shy about wanting to fight Mayweather next. 
Just recently, Pacquiao posted a strong hint on Instagram that he could be set for a second go around with Mayweather. The first-term senator showed of his new jacket, which featured a sewn image of him on the right inner pocket and an image of Mayweather on the left inner pocket. 
Pacquiao then asked his followers, 'Like my jacket?' Only time will tell if his sleek coat is an accurate omen of things to come. 
Liked this story? Subscribe to our newsletter or follow us on Twitter and Facebook for more boxing news. Continue Reading

ARTICLE

Nuclear War Alert: US Prepares For North Korea Missile Launch 
By Comment North Korea may soon launch nuclear attacks on the U.S., based on a recent evidence seen via satellite. Along with the U.S., the defense forces of South Korea and Japan are on high alert following a recent finding through satellite imagery which exposed potential preparations being carried out at a North Korean facility for a new missile launch. North Korea going rogue with nuclear weapons and ballistic missile programs could soon turn into an international crisis that might come even earlier than expected, said USA Today in a report. North Korea's advances in nuclear weapons and missile technology make defense planners 'nervous and alarmed,' as said by Narushige Michishita, director of the security and international studies program at the National Graduate Institute for Policy Studies in Tokyo. Pyongyang carried out two nuclear weapon tests earlier this year, including dozens of missile tests, which failed to adhere to U.N. sanctions. Now, while not all missile tests were successful, the country mate significant improvements in the development of nuclear weapons as well as the tech which can help them attach the nukes to long-range missiles. Also Read: North Korea Declares War 2016- Kim Jong Un Ordered Preemptive Nuclear Strikes Against America The latest missile launch preparations have been reported to be active at North Korea's Sohae launch facility. As reported by USA today, North Korea has roughly 20 functional nuclear weapons, and plans to build an arsenal of around 50-100 nukes within the next five years. Pyongyang also boasts of a whopping 200 to 320 medium-range Nodong ballistic missiles that are capable of reaching major cities in Japan, along with key U.S. military bases there. The long-range missiles can reach the U.S. bases in Guam and even Alaska. Meanwhile in North Korea, Pyongyang authorities have ordered citizens to donate tin foils as a support to the military for the purpose of camouflaging military facilities. Shielding the military bases with tin foils 'will reflect light', making it impossible for satellite cameras to take pictures, Pyongyang authorities told citizens. 'Those households unable to donate tin foil are being asked to make cash donations,' as reported by a UPI source. Locals, however, have criticized the latest measures are pointless, citing the plight of North Korean soldiers suffering from malnutrition and other problems. If you want more World News , subscribe to our daily newsletter or follow us on Twitter and Facebook . Continue Reading

ARTICLE

Comment 
Amid the seemingly friendlier atmosphere in the South China Sea, China was reportedly in a 'ready for combat' position as it prepares to position its first aircraft carrier in the region. 
While some claimant countries in the highly disputed maritime zone, such as the Philippines, have shifted their foreign policies and began dealing with China bilaterally, tension in the region is far from over. Asserts Position In The Region 
As reported by the state-run news website the Global Times , China is battle ready and is prepared for any possibilities or conflict that may arise in the region. The aircraft carrier, Liaoning, is the first of its kind in the Chinese Navy. 
Also Read: South China Sea Row – What Will Happen Now As Donald Trump Enters The Picture? 
The 60,000-ton Liaoning sports a launch pad that is much wider than a typical football field. This aircraft launcher also features high-tech military capabilities that China can use in performing its patrols and surveillance in the region. 
But Li Dongyou, a Chinese political commissar who was aboard the Liaoning, said the showing off of the aircraft carrier was not intended to ignite tension in the region. Always War Ready 
'As a military force, we are always prepared for war and our combat capacity also needs to be tested by war. At this moment, we are doing our best to promote our strength and use it to prevent war, and are prepared for actual combat at any time,' Dongyou was also quoted saying by the Global Times . 
Also Read: South China Sea Row – India Challenges China's Ambitions In The Region 
Members of local and foreign media were allowed to board the massive aircraft carrier, but the tight security measure has been implemented. Chinese officials also admitted that they specifically told those who were invited on what they can see and not see. 
While the world awaits Donald Trump's position in the region, his close aide hinted that the president-elect won't abandon its Asian allies, the Associated Press reported. 
If you want more World news , subscribe to our newsletter or follow us on Twitter and Facebook . 


ARTICLE

Sports Rumors Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao Rematch Will Be A Disappointment, To Be Staged Just For Money? 
Manny Pacquiao caused quite a stir following his stirring win over Jesse Vargas earlier this month. It was, however, the presence of Floyd Mayweather Jr. at ringside that all the more ramped up rematch rumors. Is it actually possible? 
By Comment 
Manny Pacquiao caused quite a stir following his stirring win over Jesse Vargas earlier this month. It was, however, the presence of Floyd Mayweather Jr. at ringside that all the more ramped up rematch rumors. Is it actually possible? 
As most know, the ghost of the first Pacquiao vs. Mayweather encounter is still in the air and most believe it will remain the same. For the benefit of those who have forgotten, Mayweather will defend and run while Pacquiao will try to pin down the undefeated American boxer. Profit is the only reason for a rematch. 
Many are aware that the first encounter between Pacquiao and Mayweather was pretty lucrative. Unfortunately most feel that they didn't get their money's worth. A rematch will still be the same though the earnings may dip slightly. 
Also read: Manny Pacquiao Wanted To Show Floyd Mayweather He Deserves A Rematch 
Such is shared by Jim Lampley, a prominent blow-by-blow announced. He believes that it will be nothing more than to rip-off patrons once again and urged most to push for a Gennady Golovkin vs. Canelo Alvarez showdown instead. 
'There's a decent chance Triple G-Canelo can take place in [2017]. So, it would be a shame, and another loss for boxing, if casual fans and the general public were distracted by a for-profit-only replay of a considerably less interesting fight,' Lampley said via Forbes.com . Rematch means more to Pacquiao than Mayweather's record chase. 
Money aside, Pacquiao is looking to avenge his loss and prove that Mayweather is not that invincible. For Mayweather, it is the perfect chance to become the only undefeated boxer with 50 wins. 
Also read: Fantasy Boxing Match Happening Soon? 
Right now, Mayweather is content being a promoter even as Pacquiao has added more responsibility as a senator. Compared to Golovkin and Alvarez, that too may be another point worth taking, Boxing News 24 reported. 
It doesn't take a genius to figure that out but unless Mayweather says so, a Pacquiao sequel will be nothing more than a rumor at least for now. 
Also read: Manny Pacquiao vs Mayweather 2016 Rematch – Fight Confirmed By Both Pacquiao And Mayweather? 
Liked this story? Subscribe to our newsletter or follow us on Twitter and Facebook for more updates on America. Continue Reading You may also like...

ARTICLE

Comment 
Floyd Mayweather Jr. has so far been mum on whether he will don boxing gloves once again despite call-outs from Manny Pacquiao and Conor McGregor. Pacquiao is coming off an impressive win over Jesse Vargas while 'The Notorious' was responding to Mayweather's jabs. 
Of the two, a rematch with Pacquiao is seen as a logical move as Mayweather eyes a 50-0 record. It would allow 'Money' to break the tie though nothing has been set for now. Floyd Mayweather Sr. believes son should go for it 
Floyd Mayweather Sr. has had his share of do's and don'ts and the recent dish adds yet another angle to Floyd Jr.'s plans. According to him, Floyd Jr. should consider fighting at least one more time to break the tie believing it will take years before anyone can break it, Fighthype.com reported. 
Also read : Floyd Mayweather vs Manny Pacquiao Rematch Will Be A Disappointment, To Be Staged Just For Money? Floyd Sr. sends stern warning to Conor McGregor 
Similar to his son, Floyd Sr. believes Conor McGregor should slow down and keep quiet. He is confident that McGregor could be in for a beating, World Boxing News reported. As most know, this fantasy match is nowhere near of happening so perhaps it would be best to leave it as it is – a dream. 
On the serious side, a rematch with Pacquiao should be the perfect setting. The Filipino may do the necessary adjustments but it is still the logical and lucrative one. The revenue may not be similar to the first encounter but is nevertheless expected to be millions. 
Any boxing return eventually falls on the hands of Floyd Mayweather Jr. He seems content living out his retirement though the urge to go for 50-0 is still in the air. His father believes he should go for it, same with boxing aficionados. At the end of the day, it all depends on whether 'Money' is willing to enter the ring for one last fight. 
Liked this story? Subscribe to our newsletter or follow us on Twitter and Facebook for more boxing news and updates. Continue Reading

ARTICLE


'Hail Hitler' and 'Heil Victory' – do they eerily sound the same? It's because it is. Alt-Right groups are performing Nazi-like salutes for President-Elect Donald Trump. What is the Alt-Right? 
The Alt-Right consists of white supremacist groups most likely composed of college-educated white men upholding the superiority of their skin color and believing in every right-wing propaganda. 
Such groups have gone almost extinct under President Obama's administration, reduced to a few sites and pages on social media. However, they surfaced with renewed vigor after Donald Trump's victory in the 2016 elections. 
Their leader, Richard B. Spencer, emerged as something of a wannabe Adolf Hitler and is calling for his followers to take back the U.S. as theirs. 
Read Also: Russia Bombs Syria After Putin Speaks With Trump 
On November 20, a crowd of people gathered in front of the Ronald Reagan pavilion in Washington to listen to Spencer's speech. 
After quoting the Nazi propaganda in German, Spencer called the assembled white people 'children of the sun.' In his speech, he expressed the central idealism of the group – that white-skinned Americans were born to conquer, not follow. 
The speech concluded with shouts of 'Heil the people! Heil victory!' The people had their arms stretched out in front of them, reported the New York Times . 
There was little doubt as to what Spencer meant when he reiterated the belief that white-skinned Americans should not live in the shadows anymore. That the time had come for their 'awakening to their own identity.' 
Read Also: US, Syria, Russia And Iran International Relations Improving After Donald Trump Win Donald Trump Cabinet 
During his Presidential campaign, Trump's demeanor and discourse were equated with the most notorious leader of all time, Hitler. However, after his victory, his cabinet choices are leaving little to the imagination. 
Trump has picked Steve Bannon, founder of the Breitbart website, to be his strategist. Breitbart is widely known to to be a platform for alt-right news. 
What's more, Richard Spencer expressed that he is looking forward to Bannon shaking things up in the White House. 
The U.S. Holocaust Memorial Museum vehemently condemned the 'hateful rhetoric' spreading throughout the nation. 
Read Also: Mike Pence Upholding Torture For Interrogation Under Donald Trump Administration? 
'The Holocaust did not begin with killing, it began with words,' said the museum in a statement, reported Business Insider . 'The Museum calls on all American citizens, our religious and civic leaders, and the leadership of all branches of the government to confront racist thinking and divisive hate speech.' Nazi-Like Salute For Trump 
There are other instances of alt-right supporters celebrating Trump's victory in a Nazi-esque fashion. 
A restaurant called Little Italy in Washington D.C. recently issued an apology for mistakenly hosting a banquet for a group called National Policy Institute (NPI), reported CBS News . Apparently, the group had tweeted a photo of some of their members giving a Nazi-salute to Donald Trump . 
'This expression of support of Hitler is extremely offensive to us, as our restaurant is home to Teammates and Guests of every race, religion and cultural background,' said the restaurant on its Facebook page . 
'We want to sincerely apologize to the community of Friendship Heights for inadvertently hosting this meeting, which resulted in hateful sentiment,' it added. ICYMI! A restaurant unintentionally hosted a white supremacist dinner that included #TilaTequila ! https://t.co/jnVdtUUKkr pic.twitter.com/f6sdPCwVpS 

ARTICLE

Comment 
Melania Trump may have made her homeland more famous thanks to her being the next First Lady of the United States. If you are planning your travels for 2017, know more about Slovenia attractions and why it should be next to your bucket list. 
Slovenia recently made headlines in the international news after Donald Trump was elected as president of United States. 
His wife, Melania Trump, is a proud Slovenia native. 
She was born and raised in the simple and unassuming country before she headed to Paris to pursue her modeling career, The Week said. Slovenia attractions 
But what can we see in Slovenia? 
One visitor may start off his trip to Slovenia's capital city Ljubljana. Boasting its name as The European Green Capital for 2016, the place bans cars in its city center and can only be traveled through walking or biking. 
The place, which has over 300, 000 in population, has a triple bridge river. The town also has cafes, bars, and boutiques one can explore. 
After the city tour, Skocjan Caves should be next in the list. 
Considered as Europe's largest underground ravine, the limestone caves has over six kilometers of lakes and waterfalls. 
READ ALSO: AMAs 2016 – Gigi Hadid Showcases Melania Trump Impression, Hosting Skills Questioned By Fans 
What made it stunning was also because of its natural bridges, CNN said. 
One part of the Skocjan Caves, the Martel Chamber, consists of two million cubic meters in volume. It also displays a grandiose of stalagmites and stalactites. 
Aside from this, Lake Bled is also under the list of Slovenia attractions. 
One can see in the middle of this stunning body of water the Bled Castle from the 11 th century. 
For one to visit the Roman-inspired castle, wooden boats will be perfect. 
Bled is with a larger Slovenia attractions site Triglav National Park. It has numerous caves, bridges, and breathtaking views of lime stones. 
Want to receive more Slovenia attractions ? Follow us on Twitter and Facebook .

