ARTICLE

ANNOUNCEMENT 
The WRH server continues to be under INTENSE attack by Hillary's "Tantrum squad." 
But the site keeps bouncing back, so if during the day you cannot connect, wait a minute or two and try again. Thank you for your patience. It is obvious the "bad guys" are in a state of total panic to act like this! THOUGHT FOR THE DAY! "We seek peace, knowing that peace is the climate of freedom." -Dwight D. Eisenhower YOUR RANDOM DHS MONITORED PHRASE OF THE DAY DERA 
Paid advertising at What Really Happened may not represent the views and opinions of this website and its contributors. No endorsement of products and services advertised is either expressed or implied. 
HILLARY THE SPY? - UPDATED INFO! 
Let us start with an historical fact. Treason and betrayal by the highest levels is a common feature of history, whether it is Judas vs Jesus, Brutus vs Julius Caesar, Benedict Arnold, the Rosenbergs, Jonathan Pollard, Aldrich Ames, Robert Hanssen. It is just a fact of life. It does happen. 
Back in 1996, when Bill Clinton was running for re-election, he authorized the transfer of highly sensitive technology to China. This technology had military applications and allowed China to close the gap in missile performance with the United States. The transfers were opposed and severely criticized by the Defense Department. 
At the same time Bill Clinton was transferring this technology to China, huge donations began to pour into his re-election campaign from the US companies allowed to sell the technology to China, and from American citizens of Chinese descent. The fact that they were US citizens allowed them to donate to political campaigns, but it later emerged that they were acting as conduits for cash coming in from Asian sources, including Chinese Intelligence Agencies! The scandal eventually became known as China-gate! 
John Huang 
A close associate of Indonesian industrialist James Riady, Huang initially was appointed deputy secretary of commerce in 1993. By 1995, however, he moved to the Democratic National Committee where he generated hundreds of thousands of dollars in illegal contributions from foreign sources. Huang later pleaded guilty to one felony count of campaign finance violations. 
Charlie Trie 
Like John Huang, Trie raised hundreds of thousands of dollars in illegal contributions from foreign sources to Democratic campaign entities. He was a regular White House visitor and arranged meetings of foreign operators with Clinton, including one who was a Chinese arms dealer. His $450,000 contribution to Clinton's legal defense fund was returned after it was found to have been largely funded by Asian interests. Trie was convicted of violating campaign finance laws in 1998. 
One of Trie's main sources of cash was Chinese billionaire Ng Lap Seng, according to a Senate Report. Ng Lap Seng had connections to the Chinese government. Seng was arrested in 2015 over an unrelated bribery case, but this gave investigators the opportunity to question Seng about the Chinagate scandal. Former United Nations General Assembly President John Ashe was also caught in the bribery case and was about to testify to the links between the Clintons and Seng when he was found dead that very morning. Initially reported as having died from a heart attack, John's throat had obviously been crushed. At that point the official story changed to him accidentally dropping a barbell on his own throat. 
Ng Lap Seng with the Clintons. 
Johnny Chung 
Gave more than $366,000 to the Democratic National Committee prior to the 1996 campaign, but it was returned after officials learned it came from illegal foreign sources. Chung later told a special Senate committee investigating 1996 Clinton campaign fund-raising that $35,000 of his contributions came from individuals in Chinese intelligence. Chung pleaded guilty to bank fraud, tax evasion and campaign finance violations. 
Chinagate, documented by Judicial Watch, was uncovered by Judicial Watch founder Larry Klayman. Technology companies allegedly made donations of millions of dollars to various Democratic Party entities, including President Bill Clinton's 1996 re-election campaign, in return for permission to sell high-tech secrets to China. Bernard Schwartz and his Loral Space & Communication Ltd. later allegedly "helped China to identify the cause of [a rocket failure], thereby advancing China's missile program and threatening U.S. national security, according to records. 
This establishes a history of the Clintons treating US secrets as their own personal property, and selling them to raise money for campaigns! 
Is history repeating itself? It appears so! 
Let us consider a private email server with weak security, at least one known totally open access point, no encryption at all, and outside the control and monitoring systems of the US government, on which are parked many of the nation's most closely guarded secrets (as well as those of the United Nations and other foreign governments)! It is already established that Hillary's email was hacked. One hacker named Guccifer provided copies of emails to Russia Today, which published them.
ARTICLE

The Jorge Cabrera Scandal First Lady Photo-OP with Convicted Cocaine Dealer [INLINE] Star The Economics Section - Page A4 Star [USEMAP] October 24, 1996 First Lady Photo-OP with Convicted Cocaine Dealer Inside White House Secured Perimeter! by Staff Journalists, The Daily Republican Newspaper [INLINE] WASHINGTON DESK - The Justice Department released on Wednesday photographs showing a convicted Miami cocaine trafficker who is seen standing next to and posing with vice president Al Gore. The two were attending a party in Florida last December. Apparently, Cabrera was asked to make a large donation to the Clinton-Gore campaign in exchange for perks like hob-nobbing with Al Gore and the first lady, Hillary Rodham Clinton. Jorge Cabrera's cash contributions to the Clinton-Gore campaign were so generous, that Cabrera was also invited to the White House and gained entrance there without any FBI & Secret Service security clearance. [INLINE] CNN reported Wednesday that Cabrera's attorney, Stephen Bronis, said $20,000(given to the Clinton-Gore campaign) was not intended to buy protection for drug smuggling. 'He had a lobster and stone crab fishery in the Keys and felt that contribution might promote that future course,' Bronis said. The Clinton-Gore campaign only returned the $20,000 last week after the full story had reached ABC News, and the Clinton administration had been asked for comment by the media. Cabrera was arrested in January during a Miami drug bust of nearly three tons of cocaine. Cabrera was arrested and pleaded guilty to one drug count. He was also imprisoned in the 1980s on narcotics charges. A report that the picture of Cabrera and Gore had been impounded by the Justice Department prompted an angry reaction from Republicans, including Bob Dole's presidential campaign, House Speaker Newt Gingrich and Rep. Bob Livingston of Louisiana, chairman of the House Appropriations Committee. Republicans sent letters to Attorney General Janet Reno and the directors of the FBI and the Secret Service seeking information about Cabrera and the campaign contribution. Livingston asked the federal agencies for a complete accounting of the facts relating to the story within three days: whether Cabrera had dined at the White House, details of his relationship with Clinton and Gore and, if he did dine with them, how he passed FBI & Secret Service scrutiny to gain access to them. The U.S. attorney's office in Miami was contacted by reporters. Justice said it would not provide photographs of Cabrera and Gore in Florida and at the White House when reporters requested them on Monday. The Justice Department attempted to claim that Cabrera's story is covered by the Privacy Act law in turning down the media request for information on the arrest for cocaine possession of tons of the illegal drug and dealing. Janet Reno put out information that the photo of Cabrera with Gore and Clinton could not be released without the consent of Cabrera. Later, the Justice Department did release the photographs after Cabrera submitted written authorization. The delay by the Justice Department appeared to be an effort to distance itself from accusations that are mounting from the American public that the Justice Department is receiving guidance from the Clinton White House and the vice president's office on the timing of Janet Reno's investigation. Justice says it is looking into the breach of National Security by Cabrera's ready access to secured areas of the White House and its grounds when he entered as an invited quest of president Clinton for dinner and photo-ops. COMMENT
ARTICLE

Click for full size picture.(118K) My Theory 
My theory of the downing of the aircraft is derived from the two reported wreckage sites, the lie about the weather given out by the government, and the loss of three radio links at the same time while the plane was still 7 miles from the crash site. SIGNS THE PLANE WAS SABOTAGED. 
First off, the claims made in both TIME and NEWSWEEK that Ron Brown's plane crashed in the "worst storm in a decade" are directly contradicted by the weather report issued by the Dubrovnik Airport Tower adjacent to the crash site. The storm simply did not exist. 
While the plane carrying Ron Brown and his party was still 7 miles from the crash site, 1/2 mile in the air and on the normal approach path, three radio based links with three separate propagation paths all failed at the same time. 
According to the Aviation Week & Space Technology article, the Dubrovnik tower lost voice radio contact at the same time the aircraft vanished from the screens of the approach radar at Split and an AWACS. 
Let's look at the Split radar first. 
The Split radar watches the approach to Dubrovnik airport, which is where the Ron Brown aircraft was when it dropped off of the radar screen. Contrary to some silly claims made in this newsgroup before, the plane was NOT flying in the mountains. It was out over the water, with open space all around. The radar at Split routinely tracks aircraft through that airspace without problem. If it were normal for the Split radar to lose traffic at that point on the approach path, nobody would have mentioned it because it would be normal and expected behavior. Nothing unusual about it. That comment was made about the target dropping off of the Split radar establishes that it was an unusual event. 
The Split radar, like all ATC radar, tracks primarily by aircraft transponder. So, when the Split radar lost track of the Ron Brown aircraft, what was lost was the transponder return, as the aircraft was still on the approach path, although just starting to veer slightly left. 
Now let's look at the AWACS. 
The AWACS system is designed to track NON-transpondered targets. Radar "hits" are placed in a computer system that keeps a list and tries to match the returns from the present radar sweep to the returns from the previous sweeps in order to generate meaningful target tracking data for the operators and weapons management systems. Part of that process involves target to target comparisons to make certain that what the computer thinks is target XYZ this sweep is the same target it thought was XYZ last sweep. The total workload on the computer is a power function of the total number of non-transpondered targets being carried in the target list. 
If a target has a transponder, the AWACS will track the target using the transponder return, because not only is less computer power needed for a transpondered target, but the workload for non-transpondered targets is reduced. 
How do we know that the AWACS was tracking the Ron Brown plane via transponder? Because the AWACS lost it's track at the same time that the Split radar lost it's transponder return. Had the AWACS been tracking the Ron Brown plane via skin-paint, there is no reason for it to lose track of the aircraft at the same time that Split did. 
Had the AWACS not reported losing contact, we could surmise that either the AWACS was tracking on skin paint or the Split radar suffered a momentary failure, but this was not the case. 
It is also true that the AWACS could have immediately reacquired the Ron Brown aircraft on skin paint (and it's not known for a fact that the computers did not add it as a non-transpondered target), but the AWACS was there to watch Bosnia, not the Dubrovnik airport. 
The two radar tracks, propagating along two different paths, come together at only one common point where a single failure could make the aircraft vanish from both Split and the AWACS, and that is the radar transponder in the Ron Brown aircraft. A failure of the transponder is the only explanation for the Ron Brown plane vanishing from two different radar screens at the same time, while still 7 miles from the crash site and 1/2 mile above the Adriatic sea. 
At the same time that the aircraft vanished from the radars at Split and the AWACS, the Dubrovnik tower reported it lost voice radio contact with the aircraft. 
This is a third distinct propagation path from the AWACS and Split. In fact, it's direct line of sight from the Dubrovnik tower to the location on the approach path where radio contact was lost. There are no intervening geological features to block the radio signal. The Dubrovnik tower continued to communicate with other aircraft in the area, so the radios in the tower were not at fault. 
The data reported in the Aviation Week & Space Technology article shows evidence that TWO SPERATE SYSTEMS on board the Ron Brown aircraft failed at the same time. The cockpit radios, and the radar transponder. 
The radios and radar transponders come together at only one common point where a single failure could make the aircraft vanish from both Split and the AWACS AND lose voice radio contact with the Dubrovnik tower, and that is is the electrical system failed in mid air, while still 7 miles from the crash site and 1/2 mile above the Adriatic sea, on the approach path. How Do We Know The Problem Extended Beyond The Electrical System? 
Simple. Prior to the loss of radio, the flight crew had acknowledged receiving a weather report. They knew there was clear air beneath them. There is only one reason for the flight crew, suddenly without any instruments at all, not to descend out of a cloud layer into the clear air they knew was below them, and that's if the event that severed the electrical cables also severed the flight control cables, which occupy the same midline conduit in the 737. Possible Trigger? 
Given the unscheduled nature of the trip, a timer would be useless to pinpoint the exact geographic location of the detonation. However, knowing the approach pattern into the airport, a location over the Adriatic can be selected by the altitude of the aircraft along the glide slope. 
The simplest explanation which fits the twin wreckage sites and the early news reports of a water crash is that of an altitude triggered bomb, placed on the aircraft prior to departure. As the aircraft climbs above a certain altitude, the device is armed. As the aircraft descends through the trigger altitude, say, 2000 feet, the device detonates. Why Did The Plane Make It To Shore? 
As the reports have pointed out, the weather was not ideal. The pilot, even with the best navigation aids in the world, would be fully justified in delaying his descent in order to stay in clear air as long as possible, then ducking quickly down through the clouds to find the airfield. 
This means that the altitude triggered bomb would have detonated far closer to land than expected, with the result that portions of the wreckage came on shore. 
The 7 mile spread between wreckage sites indicates an airborne event which blew part of the aircraft off. The same 7 mile distance, coupled with the shallow impact angle suggests that the aircraft was still flyable and that the pilot may have been trying to make it to the airfield when the crash into the hill occurred. Was Thermite Used? 
It's impossible to state, based on the information available to the public. But thermite is a definite possibility. It can be made using available materials and will not show up on the various detectors which would sense chemical explosives such as C-4. Thermite, when ignited, burns at half the temperature of the surface of the sun and would burn through the aluminum of an aircraft with ease. Packed in a suitcase near the top of the baggage compartment of the converted 737, it would be in an ideal location to sever the control linkages and to short out the plane's electrical system, as well as burning a hole through the skin, dumping debris into the ocean. How Bad Was The Weather? 
There were several reports in the media that Dubrovnik was in the grip of the "Worst Storm of the Decade". This is not true. As can be seen by the weather information contained in the Aviation Week Article, and the first news articles from Reuter's, the weather was not exceptionally bad. Indeed, the wind conditions were excellent, providing a 12 knot head wind with no cross component at the runway, perfect landing conditions. Below the overcast at 2000 feet, visibility was 8km or 5 miles. Assorted News Articles WASHINGTON, April 3 (UPI) -- A U.S. Air Force plane carrying Commerce Secretary Ron Brown in the Adriatic Sea near the port city of Dubrovnik on Tuesday, officials said. The White House said wreckage was spotted in the Adriatic Sea near Dubrovnik. The debris apparently came from the plane, which was carrying Brown and an undetermined number of leading U.S. business executives, who were on a trade mission to Bosnia-Herzegovina. ``The wreckage in the Adriatic is his,'' a Pentagon official told United Press International, speaking on condition of anonymity. NATO officials at Aviano Air Base in Italy said the plane crashed while on approach to the Dubrovnik airport. They said a rescue mission from a French aircraft carrier was the first on the scene, and the search for survivors was later joined by U. S. helicopters and C-130 aircraft. Croatian officials told CNN that the plane crashed into a mountain near Dubrovnik, but the report could not be immediately confirmed. NATO said the plane disappeared from radar at 2:55 p.m. local time, three minutes after it had been cleared for landing by Dubrovnik traffic controllers. The craft was identified as a T-43, the military equivalent of a Boeing 737. White House Press Secretary Mike McCurry said the plane was three hours overdue on landing in Dubrovnik from Tuzla in northern Bosnia- Herzegovina, and that there was no indication of foul play related to the plane's crash. ``Mechanical was the likely reason for the crash. Nobody could plant a bomb on the plane in Tuzla (which is operated by the U.S. military). If it's over the sea nobody's gonna shoot it down,'' the Pentagon official said. The chances of anyone surviving the crash are ``somewhere between slim and none,'' he said. The T-43, was used by U.S. Secretary of Defense William Perry and Secretary of State Warren Christopher during their recent trips to the Balkans. Officials said weather conditions were extremely poor near Dubrovnik at the time of the crash. Brown, 54, was traveling with 27 passengers and about 12 crew members, including U.S. business leaders who were seeking to help develop Bosnia after the country's four-year war. The White House said it was looking into who was actually aboard the plane. The delegation was to proceed to Zagreb, the Croatian capital, to meet Croatian political leaders and local U.S. businessmen. Brown was to return to Washington on Friday. U.S. President Bill Clinton canceled a planned appearance at the Justice Department following reports that the plane was missing. Brown had been due to spend three days in Bosnia-Herzegovina and Croatia, joining business leaders in meetings with local government and business leaders in a bid to stimulate U.S. investment in the war- ravaged region. Brown also had been meeting during his tour with U.S. soldiers assigned to the region's multinational peacekeeping mission. Brown told reporters Tuesday in Paris that rebuilding the region would cost an estimated $5.1 billion. World Bank President James Wolfensohn also was touring the region this week, and a conference of donor nations was scheduled for next week in Belgium. WASHINGTON, April 3 (UPI) -- A U.S. Air Force plane carrying Commerce Secretary Ron Brown crashed in the Adriatic Sea near the port city of Dubrovnik on Wednesday, officials said. The White House said wreckage was spotted in the Adriatic Sea near Dubrovnik. The debris apparently came from the plane, which was carrying Brown and an undetermined number of leading U.S. business executives, who were on a trade mission to Bosnia-Herzegovina. ``The wreckage in the Adriatic is his,'' a Pentagon official told United Press International, speaking on condition of anonymity. NATO officials at Aviano Air Base in Italy said the plane crashed while on approach to the Dubrovnik airport. They said a rescue mission from a French aircraft carrier was the first on the scene, and the search for survivors was later joined by U. S. helicopters and C-130 aircraft. NATO said the plane disappeared from radar at 2:55 p.m. local time, three minutes after it had been cleared for landing by Dubrovnik traffic controllers. The craft was identified as a T-43, the military equivalent of a Boeing 737. White House Press Secretary Mike McCurry said the plane was three hours overdue on landing in Dubrovnik from Tuzla in northern Bosnia- Herzegovina, and that there was no indication of foul play related to the plane's crash. ``Mechanical was the likely reason for the crash. Nobody could plant a bomb on the plane in Tuzla (which is operated by the U.S. military). If it's over the sea nobody's gonna shoot it down,'' the Pentagon official said. The chances of anyone surviving the crash are ``somewhere between slim and none,'' he said. The T-43, was used by U.S. Secretary of Defense William Perry and Secretary of State Warren Christopher during their recent trips to the Balkans. Officials said weather conditions were extremely poor near Dubrovnik at the time of the crash. Brown, 54, was traveling with 27 passengers and about 12 crew members, including U.S. business leaders who were seeking to help develop Bosnia after the country's four-year war. The White House said it was looking into who was actually aboard the plane. The delegation was to proceed to Zagreb, the Croatian capital, to meet Croatian political leaders and local U.S. businessmen. Brown was to return to Washington on Friday. U.S. President Bill Clinton canceled a planned appearance at the Justice Department following reports that the plane was missing. Brown had been due to spend three days in Bosnia-Herzegovina and Croatia, joining business leaders in meetings with local government and business leaders in a bid to stimulate U.S. investment in the war- ravaged region. Brown also had been meeting during his tour with U.S. soldiers assigned to the region's multinational peacekeeping mission. Brown told reporters Tuesday in Paris that rebuilding the region would cost an estimated $5.1 billion. World Bank President James Wolfensohn also was touring the region this week, and a conference of donor nations was scheduled for next week in Belgium. WASHINGTON, April 3 (UPI) -- A U.S. Air Force plane carrying Commerce Secretary Ron Brown and a high-level trade mission crashed Wednesday near the port city of Dubrovnik, officials said. The White House said wreckage was spotted in the Adriatic Sea near Dubrovnik. The debris apparently came from the plane, which was carrying Brown and an undetermined number of leading U.S. business executives, who were on a trade mission to Bosnia-Herzegovina. McCurry said later that two possible crash sites were being investigated, one and land and one in the sea. The first site was based on civilian reports of wreckage at sea. Croatian sources informed U.S. officials of a site on land approximately 10 miles (15 km) southeast of Dubrovnik. The Croatian state news agency reported the bodies of three men and one woman had been recovered at the location near Velido, a town in the mountains south of Dubrovnik. NATO officials at Aviano Air Base in Italy said the plane crashed while on approach to the Dubrovnik airport. They said helicopters from a nearby French frigate and U.S. ships were the first on the scene, and the search for survivors was later joined by U.S. helicopters and a C-130 aircraft. NATO said the plane disappeared from radar at 2:55 p.m. local time, three minutes after it had been cleared for landing by Dubrovnik traffic controllers. The craft was identified as a T-43, the military equivalent of a Boeing 737. White House press secretary Mike McCurry said officials were alerted when the plane was three hours overdue for a scheduled landing in Dubrovnik from Tuzla in northern Bosnia-Herzegovina, and that there was no indication of foul play related to the plane's crash. ``Mechanical was the likely reason for the crash. Nobody could plant a bomb on the plane in Tuzla (which is operated by the U.S. military). If it's over the sea, nobody's gonna shoot it down,'' a Pentagon official said. The chances of anyone surviving the crash are ``somewhere between slim and none,'' he said. The same T-43 plane was used by U.S. Secretary of Defense William Perry and Secretary of State Warren Christopher during their recent trips to the Balkans. Officials said weather conditions were extremely poor near Dubrovnik at the time of the crash. Brown, 54, was traveling with about 27 passengers and crew members, including U.S. business leaders who were seeking to help develop Bosnia after the country's four-year war. The White House said it was looking into who was actually aboard the plane. Commerce spokeswoman Maria Cardona said they were still unsure which of the 12 business executives and approximately 10 Commerce employees accompanying Brown were actually aboard the plane. U.S. officials confirmed that Harza Engineering Co. Chairman John Scoville of Chicago, Ill., and ABB Inc. President Robert Donovan of Norwalk, Conn., were aboard the plane with Brown. Other business leaders including transportation and telecommunications business leaders were traveling with Brown, but several had left to travel on their own since Tuzla. The delegation was to proceed to Zagreb, the Croatian capital, to meet Croatian political leaders and local U.S. businessmen. Brown was to return to Washington on Friday. U.S. President Bill Clinton canceled all his business for the day and visited the Brown family home in Washington, where he was receiving information on the crash. Brown had been due to spend three days in Bosnia-Herzegovina and Croatia, joining business leaders in meetings with local government and business leaders in a bid to stimulate U.S. investment in the war- ravaged region. Brown also had been meeting during his tour with U.S. soldiers assigned to the region's multinational peacekeeping mission. Brown told reporters Tuesday in Paris that rebuilding the region would cost an estimated $5.1 billion. World Bank President James Wolfensohn also was touring the region this week, and a conference of donor nations was scheduled for next week in Belgium. WASHINGTON, April 3 (UPI) -- President Clinton, awaiting final word Wednesday on the fate of his friend and political ally, Commerce Secretary Ron Brown, made emotional visits to Brown's home and the federal department where he spoke to distraught federal workers. After hearing mid morning that the military plane carrying Brown had crashed near the Adriatic Coast in Croatia, Clinton wasted little time in sharing his grief and trying to console the Brown family, friends and workers. The Browns have a son, Michael, and a daughter, Tracey. A family spokesman said the Browns were still ``holding out hope.'' The president and first lady Hillary Rodham Clinton, dressed in dark suits and wearing solemn faces, spent nearly an hour at Brown's Washington home where he lived with his wife Alma. Couriers also arrived with flowers from well-wishers, and the Secret Service checked each bunch before allowing them into the townhouse. The Clintons emerged from the home, located in the affluent secluded, Chatworth neighborhood of Washington, with their heads down and the first lady appearing to choke back tears. Brown was head of the Democratic National Committee when Clinton was the party's presidential nominee in 1992, and he was greatly credited with playing a key role in putting a Democrat in the White House. After the visit with the family, the Clintons immediately headed across town to Commerce Department headquarters, where the president addressed employees who packed the auditorium. Clinton told the gathering that he, his wife and other administration officials came ``to be with the employees of the Commerce Department at this very difficult hour.'' ``The plane carrying Secretary Brown and his delegation, including a number of your colleagues, business leaders, and leaders of the United States military, went down today near Dubrovnik, Croatia,'' Clinton told the workers. ``We do not know for sure what happened there.'' Clinton said he asked Brown's wife what he should tell the department workers. ``She said, 'Tell them Ron was proud of them, that he liked them, that he believed in them, and that he fought for the Commerce Department. And tell them that you're going to do that now,''' Clinton said, winning sustained applause from the crowd. Many of the hundreds of department employees were visibly shaken at the news, with many crying and others holding and consoling one another. Also present at the Commerce Department when Clinton spoke were several Cabinet secretaries, including Attorney General Janet Reno, Agriculture Secretary Dan Glickman, Housing and Urban Development Secretary Henry Cisneros, Health and Human Services Secretary Donna Shalala, Education Secretary Richard Riley and Interior Secretary Bruce Babbitt. Vice President Al Gore and the first lady also joined Clinton at the Commerce Department. Earlier, Sen. Ted Kennedy, D-Mass., visited the Brown family to express his condolences. Brown was Kennedy's chief of staff before going to the Urban League and Democratic National Committee. Clinton named him Commerce secretary in 1993. Another visitor was Vernon Jordan, former head of the Urban League and now a high-powered Washington lawyer and unofficial adviser to Clinton . A U.S. Air Force T-43, which is the military equivalent of a Bowing 737, carrying Brown and his entourage from Tuzla to Dubrovnik, crashed into a mountain near the Adriatic Sea coast. But officials were writing off the possibility of foul play. ``There hasn't been any report over here indicating anything hostile, but again we can't confirm that,'' White House spokesman Mike McCurry said. Republicans in Congress have been working to dismantle the Commerce Department, although a GOP aide said Wednesday the effort may be scrapped following the crash of Brown's plane. WASHINGTON (Reuter) - President Clinton's wife, Hillary, and daughter, Chelsea, flew on the same plane last week that crashed in Croatia with Commerce Secretary Ron Brown aboard, U.S. Air Force sources said Wednesday. A military version of the widely used Boeing 737 passenger jet flew Mrs Clinton and her 16-year-old daughter from the Turkish capital of Ankara to the ancient biblical city of Ephesus and on to Istanbul last Wednesday. The T43A plane, with a tail number of 1149, was based at the U.S. air base at Ramstein, Germany, the sources said. Mrs Clinton used it rather than the Boeing 707 assigned to her for a week-long goodwill tour of southern Europe because of the short runway at Ephesus. The same plane was used to ferry Defense Secretary William Perry in and out of Bosnia last week. Mrs Clinton also visited the Yugoslav region during her trip but used a giant C-17 military cargo jet for that leg of her journey. UPDATE
ARTICLE

By Shane Wright 11/05/2012 Voter fraud is a contentious issue of late; liberals swear it is a myth propagated by evil racist conservatives. We know better. Most on the right are aware of the voter fraud issue but many have little to no idea how to combat or report violations; consider this your crash course. First and foremost, step one in any instance where you see or suspect voter fraud is to alert the state officials who oversee the election process. For most states this is done by the Secretary of State, in other states, there is a State Board of Elections. Notifying these officials is paramount as they are the ones who ultimately certify and authenticate elections. Alert them before you call Fox News or blow up Twitter, though drawing as much media attention as possible is beneficial, you want to make sure you follow a process. I have included a contact list for each state at the bottom of this post. In many cases once you have alerted the state authorities they will direct you to the proper city or county officials where you will fill out paperwork. Bureaucracy at its finest. Go ahead and jump through their hoops, if you witnessed the fraud, chances are someone else did too. Make a good effort to get other witness' names and contact information as well. This will strengthen your case and increase the likelihood that state and county officials will step in and act on your complaint. If, as has happened before, state officials ignore you entirely your next step is to contact your state Attorney General and alert them of the situation. However, before you do this you need to arm yourself with knowledge of your specific states election laws. You will be more credible if you are able to cite the specific statutes which were violated. State laws are generally published online, however it may actually be quicker and easier for you to go to your local library or courthouse and utilize their search engines. In my experience relevant case law and updated statutes can be difficult to sort through on Google or other internet search sites. The Attorney General should conduct an investigation to determine whether or not there is enough evidence and/or information to take legal action. If state officials refuse to work with you, your next step is to alert both your State Representative and State Senator, they may intercede, and it is in the Secretary of State and Attorney General's best interest to respond professionally and quickly to these representatives. Should you continue to hit dead ends on the state level, it's time to alert the Department of Justice. Before doing this, call your Congressman and Senator, in some cases they will be willing to write a letter on your behalf to the DOJ. This is what your goal is ultimately; for the DOJ is less likely to ignore these officials. If going through your elected officials is a poor option, as it may very well be depending on the circumstances, review federal election law and proceed anyways. Finally, you and I both know that the DOJ, nor liberal state officials are likely to do anything about a claim of election fraud, however, it is absolutely imperative that you go through these motions and document these steps to preserve any future legal options. Documenting instances of election fraud will continue to strengthen our case for voter ID. Furthermore it is important to press forward on these criminals, so that it's understood that we will not idly stand by and allow our elections to be manipulated. Last but not least, use your head. If you see or suspect voter manipulation, have the courage to record it, whip out your phone and start shooting video , and report it to the appropriate authorities first. Alabama 334-242-7210
ARTICLE

Maggie Hassan, left and Kelly Ayotte Hassan declares victory in U.S. Senate race with Ayotte By PAUL FEELYNew Hampshire Union Leader Update, 11:00 a.m. Gov. Maggie Hassan declared she's won New Hampshire's U.S. Senate race, unseating Republican Sen. Kelly Ayotte.During a hastily-called press conference outside the State House, Hassan said she's ahead now by enough votes to survive returns from the few outstanding towns that are left.'I am proud to stand here as the next United States senator from New Hampshire,” Hassan said to cheers from a large group of supporters led by Congresswoman Annie Kuster and Hassan's husband, Tom.The two-term governor said she hadn't spoken with Ayotte.It's clear we have maintained the lead in and have won this race,” Hassan said.Sen. Ayotte issued a brief statement after Hassan's event but did not concede and deferred to Secretary of State Bill Gardner's final results."This has been a closely contested race from the beginning and we look forward to results being announced by the Secretary of State, and ensuring that every vote is counted in this race that has received an historic level of interest,” Ayotte said.Hassan said she called to congratulate Gov.-Elect Chris Sununu, a Newfields Republican, and vowed to work together on a smooth transition of power in the state's corner office.With 99 percent of the vote counted, Hassan led Ayotte, a Nashua Republican, by 640 votes, or much less than 1 percent. There were only two voting precincts left to report.A recount of this statewide race seems like a real possibility; the margin is small enough that Ayotte will not have to pay for it. An earlier story follows: CONCORD — Republican incumbent Sen. Kelly Ayotte told supporters early Wednesday she is feeling "really upbeat" about her chances in one of the most closely watched — and expensive — U.S. Senate races in the country, but wasn't ready to claim victory over Democratic challenger Gov. Maggie Hassan to earn a return to Washington representing the Granite State.At 12:36 a.m., Ayotte took to the podium at the Grappone Conference Center in Concord to address supporters at her victory party, in a dead heat with Hassan 48 percent to 48 percent, or 287,479 votes to 284,743 votes, with 83 percent of precincts in the state reporting."Joe and I are so excited to see all of you her tonight," said Ayotte. "We feel really upbeat tonight."Ayotte went on to thank supporters and "our next Gov. Sununu.""We know how hard you have all worked. We are so grateful. We are humbled by the fact that you would believe in us. Right now we are very upbeat about where this race is, but I believe strongly in the fact that we want to have every vote in before we come out and talk to you. Every vote matters, because every person matters in this state."Gov. Hassan said while the race was too close to call, the campaign maintained a 5,000 vote lead, according to numbers compiled by her staff.'We still have a small but sustainable lead,” she said.Hassan told the crowd that a number of smaller towns had yet to report numbers, but was confident the lead would hold. The campaign said its numbers show Hassan has a vote of 323,375 to Ayotte's 318,016 in over 90 percent of vote. The campaign said these numbers include results from big communities the Associated Press had yet to count like Salem, Derry, Lebanon, and Portsmouth. The cities of Manchester, Nashua, and Concord are included in the Hassan numbers.The governor headed home for the night and urged supporters to go home and get some sleep.Election Day 2016 marked the end of a long campaign cycle in the Granite State that kicked off nine months ago with the presidential primaries nine months ago, and didn't let up until the final ballots were cast around 8 p.m. Tuesday.The Ayotte/Hassan contest, the most expensive political race ever in New Hampshire with over $100 million spent, took center stage this cycle alongside the presidential race between Republican nominee Donald Trump and Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton, cementing New Hampshire's status as a battleground state, with its four electoral votes up for grabs. The race is one of about a half dozen around the U.S. being closely watched on Tuesday, with the outcome likely playing a part in deciding if the Republicans retain control of the Senate, or if Democrats regain the majority they lost two years ago."It has been a great night for Republicans not just in New Hampshire but across the country," said NH GOP Chair Jennifer Horn. "In New Hampshire, we know that when Republicans stand together, when Republicans fight together, we win." .
ARTICLE

The WRH server is back to normal (except for the hack attacks). THOUGHT FOR THE DAY! "When buying shares, ask yourself, would you buy the whole company?" -- Rene Rivkin YOUR RANDOM DHS MONITORED PHRASE OF THE DAY DERA 
Paid advertising at What Really Happened may not represent the views and opinions of this website and its contributors. No endorsement of products and services advertised is either expressed or implied. 
HOW TO HAVE HONEST ELECTIONS "It is enough that the people know there was an election. The people who cast the votes decide nothing. The people who count the votes decide everything." -- Joseph Stalin 
Following the Florida election debacle of 2000, Americans were promised a more honest, transparent, and verifiable system of elections. We didn;t get it, because the elkection stealers won that election and decided that keeping the current system was their best guaarantee of re-election. 
The election of 2016 changed that. The candidate being cheated by the system, Donald Trump, still prevailed thanks to a landslide that overcame the vote rigging. He will see having an honest election system as his best chance for a second term. Hence, there is a real opportunity to throw out the current system, whch is designed to encourage stealing elections, and replace it with a system that hinders cheating as much as possible. 
To begin, stolen elections are a reality in this nation. John F. Kennedy stole the 1960 election from Richard Nixon. Nixon stole his re-election in what becvame known as the Watergate scandal. George W. Bush likely stole the 2000 election from Al Gore, and everyone had a ring-side seat watching Hillary Clinton trying to steal the election from Donald Trump. 
A good place to start to learn about election stealing is the HBO documentary, "Hacking Democracy." It is available on NetFlix, Amazon Live, and Hulu. Here is a YouTube video of the final scenes showing how an electronic voting machine has the election results changed without even needing to touch the machine! 
For more information, please visit http://blackboxvoting.org/ , the website operated by Bev Harris, who is featured in the HBO documentary. 
Now then, I wish to offer a suggestion for a very simple way to have an open and honest election system. It is not 100% foolproof, but is designed to make it very difficult for cheating to happen and difficult to conceal it. This stands in sharp contrast to the current system, which is designed to facilitate and conceal the manipulation of elections. 
First, some basic rules. 
1. No electronic machines! 
2. No central tabulation centers! 
Everyone who votes must have ID to prove they are a US citizen and eligable to vote. Absentee ballots are only given to those who can prove they are unable to vote in person. 
After the voters vote, their finger is marked with ink that takes a week to fade away, to prevent them from voting more than once. 
All voting is done on paper ballots. When the polls close, the precincts hand-count the ballots in full view of witnesses, and verify the accuracy. All paper ballots are to be stored for an entire year after the election. 
The totals for that polling place are posted for all to see and copies provided to all witnesses. 
In the city newspaper the next day, all the totals for all the city precincts are printed, along with totals for the state. This allows everyone to first verify that their precinct totals were reported accurately, and to verify the math leading to the city totals for themselves. 
Now, we move up a level! The state newspapers print all the city totals, and again the totals for the state. This allows everyone to first verify that their city totals were reported accurately, and to verify the math leading to the state totals for themselves. 
Final level: The national newspapers print all the state totals, and tally up the winners. This allows everyone to first verify that their state totals were reported accurately, and to verify the math leading to the national totals for themselves. 
What this does is create a system where there are literally millions of Americans watching and verifying the vote counts from polling place to final totals. Yes, it is a bit slower than the instant-guessing on TV, but that will prevent the corporate media from using "projections" to try to discourage voters of unfavored candidates from heading to the polls. There is in fact no law that says the winners of the elections have to be announced immediately, and certainly most Americans are willing to trade speed for accuracy in such an important matter. In the early days of this nation, prior to the telegraph, it would take weeks for the populace to learn who won the elections! 
As I said, this is not a 100% perfect system. It is only as good as the people running it. But it does make stealing elections very difficult and that should always be the design objective of any election system! SHARE THIS ARTICLE WITH YOUR SOCIAL MEDIA
ARTICLE

Louis T. McFadden 
Louis T. McFadden 
Louis T. McFadden was a member of the House of Representatives in the twenties and thirties. He was the chair of the House Banking and Currency Committee during the twenties. He used his position in Congress occasionally to crusade against the Federal Reserve. "Mr. Chairman, we have in this country one of the most corrupt institutions the world has ever known. I refer to the Federal Reserve Board and the Federal reserve banks. The Federal Reserve Board, a Government board, has cheated the Government of the United States out of enough money to pay the national debt. The depredations and the iniquities of the Federal Reserve Board and the Federal reserve banks acting together have cost this country enough money to pay the national debt several times over. This evil institution has impoverished and ruined the people of the United States; has bankrupted itself, and has practically bankrupted our Government. It has done this through defects of the law under which it operates, through the maladministration of that law by the Federal Reserve Board and through the corrupt practices of the moneyed vultures who control it." -- Louis T. McFadden, June 10, 1932 
At one point McFadden started impeachment proceedings against the entire board of the federal reserve. Not too surprisingly, there were three attempts on McFadden's life, one shooting and two poisonings, the second of which was cuccessful. Although still officially declared as heart failure, newspapers of the time reported ... "Now that this sterling American patriot has made the Passing, it can be revealed that not long after his public utterance against the encroaching powers of Judah, it became known among his intimates that he had suffered two attacks against his life. The first attack came in the form of two revolver shots fired at him from ambush as he was alighting from a cab in front of one of the Capital hotels. Fortunately both shots missed him, the bullets burying themselves in the structure of the cab. 
"He became violently ill after partaking of food at a political banquet at Washington. His life was only saved from what was subsequently announced as a poisoning by the presence of a physician friend at the banquet, who at once procured a stomach pump and subjected the Congressman to emergency treatment." 
President John F. Kennedy 
President John F. Kennedy 
As President, John F. Kennedy understood the predatory nature of private central banking. He understood why Andrew Jackson fought so hard to end the Second Bank of the United States. So Kennedy wrote and signed Executive Order 11110 which ordered the US Treasury to issue a new public currency, the United States Note. 
Kennedy's United States Note - Click for larger 
Kennedy's United States Notes were not borrowed from the Federal Reserve but created by the US Government and backed by the silver stockpiles held by the US Government. It represented a return to the system of economics the United States had been founded on, and was perfectly legal for Kennedy to do. All told, some four and one half billion dollars went into public circulation, eroding interest payments to the Federal Reserve and loosening their control over the nation. Five months later John F. Kennedy was assassinated in Dallas Texas, and the United States Notes pulled from circulation and destroyed (except for samples held by collectors). 
John J. McCloy 

John J. McCloy, President of the Chase Manhattan Bank, and President of the World Bank, was named to the Warren Commission, presumably to make certain the banking dimensions behind the assassination were concealed from the public. Kennedy's E.O. 11110 has never been repealed and is still in effect, although no modern President dares to use it. Almost all of the current national debt has been created since 1963. 
As we enter the eleventh year of what future history will most certainly describe as World War Three, we need to examine the financial dimensions behind the wars. 
Towards the end of World War Two, when it became obvious that the allies were going to win and dictate the post war environment, the major world economic powers met at Bretton Woods, a luxury resort in New Hampshire in July of 1944, and hammered out the Bretton Woods agreement for international finance. The British Pound lost its position as the global trade and reserve currency to the US dollar (part of the price demanded by Roosevelt in exchange for the US entry into the war). Absent the economic advantages of being the world's "go-to" currency, Britain was forced to nationalize the Bank of England in 1946. The Bretton Woods agreement, ratified in 1945, in addition to making the dollar the global reserve and trade currency, obligated the signatory nations to tie their currencies to the dollar. The nations that ratified Bretton Woods did so on two conditions. The first was that the Federal Reserve would refrain from over-printing the dollar as a means to loot real products and produce from other nations in exchange for ink and paper; basically an imperial tax. That assurance was backed up by the second requirement, which was that the US dollar would always be convertible to gold at $35 per ounce. 
The Bretton Woods resort, New Hampshire 
The Federal Reserve, being a private bank and not answerable to the US Government, did start overprinting paper dollars, and much of the perceived prosperity of the 1950s and 1960s was the result of foreign nations' obligations to accept the paper notes as being worth gold at the rate of $35 an ounce. Then in 1970, France looked at the huge pile of paper notes sitting in their vaults, for which real French products like wine and cheese had been traded, and notified the United States government that they would exercise their option under Bretton Woods to return the paper notes for gold at the $35 per ounce exchange rate. The United States had nowhere near the gold to redeem the paper notes. By 1966, the IMF estimated foreign central banks held $14 billion U.S. dollars, however the United States had only $3.2 billion in gold to redeem those paper notes! So on August 15th, 1971, Richard Nixon "temporarily" suspended the gold convertibility of the US Federal Reserve Notes. 
Nixon announces the end of gold convertability 
Later termed the "Nixon shock", this move effectively ended Bretton Woods and many global currencies started to delink from the US dollar. 
The "Nixon Shock" 
Worse, since the United States had collateralized their loans with the nation's gold reserves, it quickly became apparent that the US Government did not in fact have enough gold to cover the outstanding debts. Foreign nations began to get very nervous about their loans to the US and understandably were reluctant to loan any additional money to the United States without some form of collateral. So Richard Nixon started the environmental movement, with the EPA and its various programs such as "wilderness zones", Roadless areas", Heritage rivers", "Wetlands", all of which took vast areas of public lands and made them off limits to the American people who were technically the owners of those lands. But Nixon had little concern for the environment and the real purpose of this land grab under the guise of the environment was to pledge those pristine lands and their vast mineral resources as collateral on the national debt. The plethora of different programs was simply to conceal the true scale of how much American land was being pledged to foreign lenders as collateral on the government's debts; eventually almost 25% of the nation itself. All of this is illegal as the Enclave Clause of the Constitution limits the Federal Government to owning the land under Federal Government buildings and military bases, and that Enclave Clause was written into the Constitution by the Founding Fathers specifically to prevent the Federal Government simply seizing the land belonging to the people to sell off, pledge as collateral, or rent! 
click for full size image 
With open lands for collateral already in short supply, the US Government embarked on a new program to shore up sagging international demand for the dollar. The United States approached the world's oil producing nations, mostly in the Middle East, and offered them a deal. In exchange for only selling their oil for dollars, the United States would guarantee the military safety of those oil-rich nations. The oil rich nations would agree to spend and invest their US paper dollars inside the United States, in particular in US Treasury Bonds, redeemable through the slave labor of future generations of US taxpayers. The concept was labeled the "petrodollar". In effect, the US, no longer able to back the dollar with gold, was now backing it with oil. Other peoples' oil. And that necessity to keep control over those oil nations to prop up the dollar has shaped America's foreign policy in the region ever since. 
But as America's manufacturing and agriculture has declined, the oil producing nations faced a dilemma. Those piles of US Federal Reserve notes were not able to purchase much from the United States because the United States had little (other than real estate) anyone wanted to buy. Europe's cars and aircraft were superior and less costly, while experiments with GMO food crops led to nations refusing to buy US food exports. Israel's constant belligerence against its neighbors caused them to wonder if the US could actually keep their end of the petrodollar arrangement. Oil producing nations started to talk of selling their oil for whatever currency the purchasers chose to use. 
Saddam Hussein and the lie of Iraq's nuclear weapons 
Saddam Hussein 
Iraq, already hostile to the United States following Desert Storm, demanded the right to sell their oil for Euros in 2000 and in 2002, the United Nations agreed to allow it under the "Oil for food" program instituted following Desert Storm. One year later the United States re-invaded Iraq under the lie of Saddam's nuclear weapons, lynched Saddam Hussein, and placed Iraq's oil back on the world market only for US dollars. 
The clear US policy shift following 9-11, away from being an impartial broker of peace in the Mideast to one of unquestioned support for Israel's aggressions only further eroded confidence in the Petrodollar deal and even more oil producing nations started openly talking of oil trade for other global currencies. 
Gaddafi and the Gold Dinar 
Gaddafi 
Over in Libya, Muammar Gaddafi had instituted a state-owned central bank and a value based trade currency, the Gold Dinar. 
The Gold Dinar 
Gaddafi announced that Libya's oil was for sale, but only for the Gold Dinar. Other African nations, seeing the rise of the Gold Dinar and the Euro, even as the US dollar continued its inflation-driven decline, flocked to the new Libyan currency for trade. This move had the potential to seriously undermine the global hegemony of the dollar. French President Nicolas Sarkozy reportedly went so far as to call Libya a “threat” to the financial security of the world. So, the United States invaded Libya, brutally murdered Qaddafi ( the object lesson of Saddam's lynching not being enough of a message, apparently), imposed a private central bank, and returned Libya's oil output to dollars only. The gold that was to have been made into the Gold Dinars, 144 tons of it, is as of last report, unaccounted for. 
UPDATE: Emails surfacing as part of the investigation into Hilary Clinton's use of a private email server for classified information CONFIRM that the real reason for the US invasion of Libya was to destroy the threat of the Gold Dinar becoming a pan-African currency, displacing the dollar! 
General Wesley Clark blows the whistle on US plans to conquer the oil-rich Middle East 
According to General Wesley Clark, the master plan for the "dollarification" of the world's oil nations included seven targets, Iraq, Syria, Lebanon, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, and Iran (Venezuela, which dared to sell their oil to China for the Yuan, is a late addition). What is notable about the original seven nations originally targeted by the US is that none of them are members of the Bank for International Settlements, the private central bankers private central bank, located in Switzerland. This meant that these nations were deciding for themselves how to run their nations' economies, rather than submit to the international private banks. 
UPDATE: Emails from Secretary of State Hillary Clinton released as part of the Benghazi investigation confirm that the true motive for the attack on Libya was to control the Libyan oil reserves and to destroy Libya's gold-backed currency. 
Now the bankers' gun sights are on Iran, which dares to have a government central bank and sell their oil for whatever currency they choose. The war agenda is, as always, to force Iran's oil to be sold only for US dollars and to force them to accept a privately owned central bank. Malaysia, one of the few remaining nations without a Rothschild central bank, is now being invaded by a force claimed to be "Al Qaeda" and has suffered numerous suspicious losses of its commercial passenger jets. 
With the death of President Hugo Chavez, plans to impose a US and banker friendly regime on Venezuela are clearly being implemented. 
So, just where is the gold? 
Germany's gold bullion. Where is it? 
The German government recently asked for the return of some of their gold bullion from the Bank of France and the New York Federal Reserve. France has said it will take 5 years to return Germany's gold. The United States has said they will need 8 years to return Germany's gold. This suggests strongly that the Bank of France and the NY Federal Reserve have used the deposited gold for other purposes, most likely to cover gold futures contracts used to artificially suppress the price of gold to keep investors in the equities markets, and the Central Banks are scrambling to find new gold to cover the shortfall and prevent a gold run. So it is inevitable that suddenly France invades Mali, ostensibly to combat Al Qaeda, with the US joining in. Mali just happens to be one of the world's largest gold producers with gold accounting for 80% of Mali exports. War for the bankers does not get more obvious than that! 
Mexico has demanded a physical audit of their gold bullion stored at the Bank of England, and along with Venezuela's vast oil reserves (larger than Saudi Arabia), Venezuela's gold mines are a prize lusted after by all the Central Banks that played fast and loose with other peoples' gold bullion. So we can expect regime change if not outright invasion soon. 
Can a bank foreclose on your house if they have provided nothing of real value in the mortgage? 
A little remembered footnote in banking history occurred in December 1968. A bank was moving to foreclose on a house, and the homeowner decided to fight the foreclosure in court, arguing that contract law requires two contracting parties to agree to swap two items of value, legally called the "consideration." In the case of First National Bank of Montgomery vs. Jerome Daly , Daly argued that since the bank simply wrote a number in a ledger to create the loaned money out of think air, there was no real value and therefore no legally binding consideration. The lawyers for the bank admitted that this is how the bank works. They create money out of thin air as a ledger or computer entry, which you must repay with your labor. And there was no law in 1968 that specifically gave banks the legal right to do that. Daly argued that because there was no equal consideration, the mortgage was null and void and the attempt to foreclose invalid. The jury agreed! So did Judge Mahoney, who resisted demands to over-rule the jury in favor of the bank, and wrote a simple streightforward decision that stated that there was no question that the mortgage contract was void because the claim that the bank simply made up the money out of thin air was not disputed by the bank itself. 
Judge Mahoney was murdered with poison less than six months later, and the lawyer representing Daly was debarred. The decision in favor of Daly was then nullified on procedural grounds and the entire matter forgotten! 
You are BRAINWASHED! 
You have been raised by a public school system and media that constantly assures you that the reasons for all these wars and assassinations are many and varied. The US claims to bring democracy to the conquered lands (they haven't; the usual result of a US overthrow is the imposition of a dictatorship, such as the 1953 CIA overthrow of Iran's democratically elected government of Mohammad Mosaddegh and the imposition of the Shah, or the 1973 CIA overthrow of Chile's democratically elected government of President Salvador Allende , and the imposition of Augusto Pinochet ), or to save a people from a cruel oppressor, revenge for 9-11, or that tired worn-out catch all excuse for invasion, weapons of mass destruction. Assassinations are always passed off as "crazed lone nuts" to obscure the real agenda. 
The real agenda is simple. It is enslavement of the people by creation of a false sense of obligation. That obligation is false because the Private Central Banking system, by design, always creates more debt than money with which to pay that debt. Private Central Banking is not science, it is a religion; a set of arbitrary rules created to benefit the priesthood, meaning the owners of the Private Central Bank. The fraud persists, with often lethal results, because the people are tricked into believing that this is the way life is supposed to be and no alternative exists or should be dreamt of. The same was true of two earlier systems of enslavement, Rule by Divine Right and Slavery, both systems built to trick people into obedience, and both now recognized by modern civilizatyion as illegitimate. Now we are entering a time in human history where we will recognize that rule by debt, or rule by Private Central Bankers issuing the public currency as a loan at interest, is equally illegitimate. It only works as long as people allow themselves to believe that this is the way life is supposed to be. 
But understand this above all; Private Central Banks do not exist to serve the people, the community, or the nation. Private Central Banks exist to serve their owners, to make them rich beyond the dreams of Midas and all for the cost of ink, paper, and the right bribe to the right official. 
Behind all these wars, all these assassinations, the hundred million horrible deaths from all the wars lies a single policy of dictatorship. The private central bankers allow rulers to rule only on the condition that the people of a nation be enslaved to the private central banks. Failing that, said ruler will be killed, and their nation invaded by those other nations enslaved to private central banks. 
The so-called "clash of civilizations" we read about on the corporate media is really a war between banking systems, with the private central bankers forcing themselves onto the rest of the world, no matter how many millions must die for it. Indeed the constant hatemongering against Muslims lies in a simple fact. Like the ancient Christians (prior to the Knights Templars private banking system) , Muslims forbid usury, or the lending of money at interest. And that is the reason our government and media insist they must be killed or converted. They refuse to submit to currencies issued at interest. They refuse to be debt slaves. 
So off to war your children must go, to spill their blood for the money-junkies' gold. We barely survived the last two world wars. In the nuclear/bioweapon age, are the private central bankers willing to risk incinerating the whole planet just to feed their greed? 
Apparently so. 
This brings us to the current situation in the Ukraine, Russia, and China. 
The European Union had been courting the government of the Ukraine to merge with the EU, and more to the point, entangle their economy with the private-owned European Central Bank. The government of the Ukraine was considering the move, but had made no commitments. Part of their concern lay with the conditions in other EU nations enslaved to the ECB, notably Cyprus, Greece, Spain, and Italy. So they were properly cautious. Then Russia stepped in with a better deal and the Ukraine, exercising the basic choice all consumers have to choose the best product at the best price, dropped the EU and announced they were going to go with Russia's offer. It was at that point that agents provocateurs flooded into the Ukraine, covertly funded by intelligence agency fronts like CANVAS and USAID, stirring up trouble, while the western media proclaimed this was a popular revolution. Snipers shot at people and this violence was blamed on then-President Yanukovich. However a leaked recording of a phone call between the EU's Catherine Ashton and Estonia's Foreign Minister Urmas Paet confirmed the snipers were working for the overthrow plotters, not the Ukrainian government. Urmas Paet has confirmed the authenticity of that phone call. 
This is a classic pattern of covert overthrow we have seen many times before. Since the end of WW2, the US has covertly tried to overthrow the governments of 56 nations, succeeding 25 times. Examples include the 1953 overthrow of Iran's elected government of Mohammed Mossadegh and the imposition of the Shah, the 1973 overthrow of Chile's elected government of Salvador Allende and the imposition of the Pinochet dictatorship, and of course, the current overthrow of Ukraine's elected government of Yanukovich and the imposition of the current unelected government, which is already gutting the Ukraine's wealth to hand to the western bankers. 
Brazil, Russia, India, China, and South Africa have formed a parallel financial system called BRICS, scheduled to officially launch on January 1, 2015. As of this writing some 80 nations are ready to trade with BRICS in transactions that do not involve the US dollar. Despite US economic warfare against both Russia and China, the Ruble and Yuan are seen as more attractive for international trade and banking than the US dollar, hence the US attempt to fan the Ukraine crisis into war with Russia, and attempts to provoke North Korea as a back door to war with China. 
Click for larger image 
Flag waving and propaganda aside, all modern wars are wars by and for the private bankers, fought and bled for by third parties unaware of the true reason they are expected to gracefully be killed and crippled for. The process is quite simple. As soon as the Private Central Bank issues its currency as a loan at interest, the public is forced deeper and deeper into debt. When the people are reluctant to borrow any more, that is when the Keynesian economists demand the government borrow more to keep the pyramid scheme working. When both the people and government refuse to borrow any more, that is when wars are started, to plunge everyone even deeper into debt to pay for the war, then after the war to borrow more to rebuild. When the war is over, the people have about the same as they did before the war, except the graveyards are far larger and everyone is in debt to the private bankers for the next century. This is why Brown Brothers Harriman in New York was funding the rise of Adolf Hitler. 
As long as Private Central Banks are allowed to exist, inevitably as the night follows day there will be poverty, hopelessness, and millions of deaths in endless World Wars, until the Earth itself is sacrificed in flames to Mammon. 
The path to true peace on Earth lies in the abolishment of all private central banking everywhere, and a return to the state-issued value-based currencies that allow nations and people to become prosperous. "Banks do not have an obligation to promote the public good." -- Alexander Dielius, CEO, Germany, Austrian, Eastern Europe Goldman Sachs, 2010 "I am just a banker doing God's work." -- Lloyd Blankfein, CEO, Goldman Sachs, 2009
ARTICLE

Snow reports from around the Northland through 9 a.m. Saturday By Andrew Krueger Today at 9:26 a.m. Brian Parendo of Esko shovels heavy, wet show from his driveway Friday morning. "I'm happy it lasted this long," he said, referring to the long spell of warm weather that preceded the storm. Bob King / rking@duluthnews.com Snow reports from around the Northland as of 9 a.m. Saturday, as relayed by the National Weather Service in Duluth. This list will be updated if additional reports are received. Check back to www.duluthnewstribune.com for updates. Recommended for you
ARTICLE

Snow reports from around the Northland through 3 p.m. Saturday By Andrew Krueger on Nov 19, 2016 at 3:15 p.m. Brian Parendo of Esko shovels heavy, wet show from his driveway Friday morning. "I'm happy it lasted this long," he said, referring to the long spell of warm weather that preceded the storm. Bob King / rking@duluthnews.com Snow reports from around the Northland as of 3 p.m. Saturday, as relayed by the National Weather Service in Duluth. The greatest total was near Leader in Cass County; the total at the Duluth airport was corrected on Saturday from a higher total that had been reported Friday night. Recommended for you
ARTICLE

WMD 
ANNOUNCEMENT! 
Just a reminder that this site continues to be attacked by the crybaby hackers, so if you cannot reach it, wait a couple minutes and try again. THOUGHT FOR THE DAY! "It is a terrible situation when the Government, to insure the National Wealth, must go in debt and submit to ruinous interest charges, at the hands of men, who control the fictitious value of gold. Interest is the invention of Satan." -- Thomas Edison YOUR RANDOM DHS MONITORED PHRASE OF THE DAY Chemical burn 
Paid advertising at What Really Happened may not represent the views and opinions of this website and its contributors. No endorsement of products and services advertised is either expressed or implied. 
The Death Of John Kennedy By Michael Rivero
There have been two official investigations. One concluded Oswald acted alone, the other that there was a conspiracy. After half a century, many of the key documents which could tell the whole story remain classified. John F. Kennedy's brain is still missing from the National Archives. Why, if it is an open and shut case? Why the secrecy, if Oswald was just a "crazed lone gunman"? 
The House Select Committee on Assassinations concluded that John F. Kennedy was the victim of a conspiracy based on the recording of the gunshots fired in Dealey Plaza, captured over a police radio. A total of 7 impulses were caught on the tape, but citing budgetary constraints, the HSCA only had 4 of them analyzed. The analysis concluded that all 4 were gunshots, two of them occurring within 1/2 a second of each other, too close to be fired by one man. Comparisons of the echoes with test shots fired in Dealey Plaza confirmed that at least one of the recorded shots had indeed been fired from the Grassy Knoll. Needless to say, the existence of 5, rather than just 3, gunshots destroyed the Oswald as lone gunman cover-up. Warren supporters quickly tried to dismiss the audio record of the gunshots by claiming that the recording was actually of gunshots in another part of the city, and confused for Dealey Plaza shots because of a timing error. Without explaining just where the other shots had occurred, or why the echo patterns exactly matched the test shots fired in Dealey Plaza, the Warren supporters declared victory. New research has shown that the report that dismissed the audio recording of the gunshots was itself deeply flawed, and ignored evidence that confirmed both the location and time of the recording as being in Dealey Plaza at the time of the JFK assassination. This means that the original House Select Committee on Assassinations conclusion is the correct one. There were at least five gunshots in Dealey Plaza, two of them within 1/2 second of each other, and at least one of the shots came from the Grassy Knoll. UPDATE: The Deathbed Confession of CIA Agent, E. Howard Hunt to his son on the JFK Assassination. UPDATE: Numerous witnesses had reported a large obvious exit wound in the back of Kennedy's head, consistent with the reports of a gunshot from the Grassy Knoll. The Warren Commission dismissed the exit wound and reports of a shooter on the Grassy Knoll and published in their report photographs of the back of Kennedy's head that showed no damage. Now it has been revealed that the Warren Commission did not publish the actual autopsy photos but substituted photos taken after morticians had reconstructed Kennedy's head an anticipation of a possible open casket viewing prior to the funeral , as had been done with Lincoln. 
Although described as a mix-up, the simplest explanation is deliberate deception by the Warren Commission. Dan Rather's "fib" 
Dan Rather, at the time an unknown newscaster from a small market Texas TV station, viewed the Zapruder film, then described it to America on the CBS network. As this recording of that broadcast shows, Rather lied to all of America in claiming that the head shot pushed John F. Kennedy's head forward. 
Rather makes the claim that Kennedy's head "rocketed forward" at 2:15 in the above video. He also makes a point of saying there were only three shots in total. Rather's meteoric rise to network status and stardom soon followed this broadcast. When the Zapruder film was finally shown publicly, during Jim Garrison's trial of CIA agent Clay Shaw, Rather's lie was revealed for all to see. A Revealing Wink 
Most Americans who lived through the Kennedy assassination are very familiar with the above photo of Vice President Lyndon Johnson being sworn in as President aboard Air Force One. 
But very few people are aware of another photograph snapped just seconds later! 
In this photo, Congressman Albert Thomas winks back at the brand-new President!
ARTICLE

Council approves cleanup funding 
Current retirees' pensions and health care benefits will not be affected. 
DuPont says it hopes to save $550 million over the years by freezing those pensions. It says it also will stop giving future retiree health benefits to staff currently younger than age 50, saving an additional $50 million. 
The Wilmington, Del.-based pesticides and materials maker, which employs about 50,000 after spinning off such companies as Axalta and Chemours in recent years and laying off 5,000 management, research, and other staff last winter, says it has followed Lockheed, Johnson Controls and other large manufacturers in switching workers from guaranteed pensions to 401(k) savings plans, whose value rises and falls with the investment markets. 
In 2007, DuPont stopped adding new hires to the pension plan. It continued to boost promised benefits to plan members still working at the company. 
Since then, it has assigned new workers to 401(k) retirement plans. Instead of guaranteeing pensions whose value rises with years of service, the company pays the equivalent of up to 9 percent of employees' salaries into investment accounts if they set aside up to 6 percent of their pay. 
Workers put that money into funds from a menu of investments, in hopes they can stretch the tax-protected accounts, plus Social Security, to pay their way in retirement. 
The freeze will take place in 2018 if the company stays on schedule to complete its planned merger with Dow Chemical Co. and split into separate pesticide, materials and specialized-products manufacturing companies, according to spokesman Daniel Turner. 
Turner said the freeze was not connected to the Dow deal. Under CEO Edward Breen, DuPont has been cutting jobs, closing plants and consolidating vendors in an effort to boost profits and streamline operations in advance of the reorganization. 
'Sadly, the ongoing cash buyout of 18,000 vested pensioners and today's action to end pension accruals and health benefits project a company with little concern for those who have stayed with the company in order to build security for their families in the future,” Lawrence Craig Skaggs, a retired DuPont lobbyist, told the Philadelphia Inquirer. 
Since the Dow merger was announced in 2015, Skaggs has posted details and questions concerning DuPont retirement issues at his 6,300-member DuPont Pensioners Facebook site. 
'We remain concerned that the DuPont pension plan,” which covers 133,000 current workers and retirees, 'is less than 70 percent funded,” Skaggs added, citing Labor Department reports. 
Retirees have been pressing DuPont and Dow to put more assets into retirement plans before they divide the companies, to ensure the plans remain solvent. 
Pensioners in corporate plans that run out of cash typically are rescued by the federal Pension Benefit Guaranty Corp., which imposes limits on early retirement and payments above insured levels. 
Earlier this year, DuPont offered some retirees who are not yet collecting pensions the options of taking their money in lump-sum payments, or replacing their pensions with insurance annuities, backed against loss by state insurance guaranty funds. Recommended for you
ARTICLE

Click for full size (374K) picture. 
This photograph appears on pages 24 and 25. Taken by AP Photographer James Altgens, it clearly captures the moment when John Kennedy clutches his throat. Note the following. 
John Connally is clearly turned to his right. Had he indeed been hit by the same bullet which has just exited Kennedy's throat, his wounds would have traversed his body from right to left. Connally's wounds were from back to front. NOTE: The claim has been made that Connally was facing forward when JFK was shot in the neck, before the photo was taken, but in order to then see the view in this photo, Connally would have had to twist to his right after being shot! 
Note the turned heads of some of the policemen and Secret Service agents. Clearly, they have heard and are responding to the sound of gunshots. 
Note the fourth car back, which contains Vice President Johnson's Secret Service detail. The car doors are open as the agents rush to protect Johnson from the threat. Compare this with Kennedy's Secret Service detail, who have not moved at all. Also note the man within Kennedy's Secret Service car who is grinning ear to ear (tentatively identified as Dave Powers). It is interesting to note that in the book "Mortal Error" this photograph is deliberately cropped to hide the open doors of the car carrying V.P. Johnson's Secret Service detail. 
Most importantly, note the man standing in the ground level doorway of the Texas Schoolbook Depository (which is where he reportedly told the Dallas PD he was at the time). Mortal Error Version Of The Altgens Photo Click for full size (44K) picture. 
This is the Altgens photo as it appears in the book "Mortal Error". Note that the photo has been cropped to hide the fact that Vice President Johnson's Secret Service detail has already opened their car doors while Kennedy's Secret Service detail remains motionless. The Man In The Doorway 
Compare these two images. The man in the doorway of the school book depository, and Oswald's photo immediately after his arrest. 

This is a photograph of Lee Harvey Oswald taken shortly after his arrest. Note the clear similarity in both appearance and dress to the man in the schoolbook depository doorway in the Altgen's photo. 
The Warren Commission "identified" the individual as Billy Lovelady, a fellow Book Depository employee. But while Lovelady claimed the person in the Altgens' photo was himself, he also stated that he'd worn a red and white vertically striped shirt on the day of the assassination, which was confirmed by photos of Lovelady taken at the time of the assassination! 
The man in the doorway's shirt in not striped and is open in front, exposing the tee shirt underneath. 
In color films taken from another angle, the color of the shirt worn by the man in the doorway was revealed to be orange-brown. When Oswald was arrested, he was wearing the identical shirt- an orange-brown tweed with missing buttons and tee-shirt underneath. 
Other films taken on November 22, 1963 confirmed that Lovelady was in fact wearing a red and blue plaid shirt. 
Hence, the figure in the doorway is NOT Lovelady. 
(Billy Lovelady died of a heart attack Jan 1979) 
NEW! Higher resolution versions of the Altgens photo! 
Raw image
ARTICLE

WMD 
ANNOUNCEMENT! 
Just a reminder that this site continues to be attacked by the crybaby hackers, so if you cannot reach it, wait a couple minutes and try again. THOUGHT FOR THE DAY! "Under Socialism you would not be allowed to be poor. You would be forcibly fed, clothed, lodged, taught, and employed whether you liked it or not. If it were discovered that you had not the character and industry enough to be worth all this trouble, you might possibly be executed in a kindly manner. . . ." -- Falsely attributed to George Bernard Shaw in his Intelligent Woman's Guide to Socialism and Capitalism, 1928. YOUR RANDOM DHS MONITORED PHRASE OF THE DAY CQB 
Paid advertising at What Really Happened may not represent the views and opinions of this website and its contributors. No endorsement of products and services advertised is either expressed or implied. 
A BY NO MEANS COMPLETE LIST OF FAKE NEWS STORIES FROM THE SELF-DESCRIBED "REAL" MEDIA! 
The following items link to sources. 
Saddam's Nuclear Weapons , Assad Used Sarin Gas On His Own People , Humans Are Warming The Planet , Side Mounted Fuel Tanks , Radiation is Good For You , Food Lion , Israel's Attack on USS Liberty Was Just an Accident , Torpedoes in The Gulf of Tonkin , Spanish Mine in Havana Harbor , USS Iowa Explosion Was Caused by a Gay Sailor , Putin Shot Down Malaysian Airlines Flight 17 , TWA 800 Was Destroyed By a Fuel Tank Explosion And The Hundreds of Witnesses Who Saw a Missile Hit the 747 Were All Drunk , John F. Kennedy Was Assassinated By a Lone Gunman , Robert Kennedy Was Assassinated From Behind by a Palestinian Standing in Front of Him Who Fired 14 Shots From a Gun That Held only 8 bullets , The Lusitania Was Not Smuggling Weapons to Britain When Sunk by the Germans , Vaccines Are Safe , GMOs Are Safe , Food Sold at Organic Stores is Just as Bad as Supermarket Food , Jaunita Broaddrick Was Not Raped , Gennifer Flowers Was a Flake , Vincent Foster Committed Suicide , Brian Williams Was Shot Down (And Other Lies) , If You Like Your Doctor You Can Keep Your Doctor , The NSA Does Not Spy on US Citizens , Common Core is Quality Education , Glyphosate is Safe , The Gulf of Mexico is Perfectly Fine After the Deepwater Horizon Disaster , Mercury in Vaccines and Dental Fillings is Harmless , Cholesterol Causes Heart Disease but Statins Will Save You , The Stock Market Proves the Entire Economy is Working , 94 Million Americans Out of Work Translates to a 5% Unemployment Rate , Illegal Immigrants Do Not Bring Disease Into the US But Unvaccinated Children Are a Danger Even to Vaccinated Children , Dr. William Thompson And His Confession of Rigging the CDC Report on Vaccines and Autism is an Urban Legend , Aspartame is Safe , Monica Lewinsky story ignored , Bush Said Al Qaeda is no Longer a Problem , Arnold Schwarzenegger groped six women , US Troops Gang-Raped Iraqi Women , Hillary Will Win the 2016 Election in a Landslide , Pearl Harbor Was a Complete Surprise , Rather: John F. Kennedy's Head Rocketed FORWARD From the Head Shot , Rather again: George Bush Got Special Treatment in the National Guard , Sarah Palin to Blame for Gabby Gifford shooting , Mitt Romney is a Homophobe , Mitt Romney is Racist , Gang-rape as Fraternity Initiation , 8-Year Old Heroin Addict in DC ... 
Now, you all remember to believe the "Real" Media and ignore the "Fake" media when they point out these itty bitty trivial goofs, because Ignorance Is Strength! 
"Our job is to give people not what they want, but what we decide they ought to have." -- Richard Salent, Former President CBS News. 
"News is what someone wants to suppress. Everything else is advertising". former NBC news President Rubin Frank 
"This instrument can teach, it can illuminate; yes, and it can even inspire. But it can do so only to the extent that humans are determined to use it to those ends. Otherwise it is merely wires and lights in a box. There is a great and perhaps decisive battle to be fought against ignorance, intolerance and indifference." -- Edward R. Murrow 
Asked to give a toast before the prestigious New York Press Club in 1880, John Swinton, the former Chief of Staff at the New York Sun, made this candid confession [it's worth noting that Swinton was called "The Dean of His Profession" by other newsmen, who admired him greatly]: 
" There is no such thing, at this date of the world's history, as an independent press. You know it and I know it. There is not one of you who dares to write your honest opinions, and if you did, you know beforehand that it would never appear in print. I am paid weekly for keeping my honest opinions out of the paper I am connected with. Others of you are paid similar salaries for similar things, and any of you who would be so foolish as to write honest opinions would be out on the streets looking for another job. 
If I allowed my honest opinions to appear in one issue of my paper, before twenty-four hours my occupation would be gone. The business of the journalist is to destroy the truth; to lie outright; to pervert; to vilify; to fawn at the feet of Mammon, and to sell the country for his daily bread. You know it and I know it and what folly is this toasting an independent press. We are the tools and vassals of the rich men behind the scenes. We are the jumping jacks, they pull the strings and we dance. Our talents, our possibilities and our lives are all the property of other men. We are intellectual prostitutes. " SHARE THIS ARTICLE WITH YOUR SOCIAL MEDIA
