ARTICLE

Donald Trump had himself a tantrum on CNN after he was asked why he was spending the day promoting his hotel instead of campaigning in swing states. 
Video: Dana Bash: Is your DC hotel opening free advertising?Donald Trump: 'No, not at all' https://t.co/6OZtrfIwim https://t.co/9HHqooom8r 
— CNN Politics (@CNNPolitics) October 26, 2016 
With just 13 days until election day, CNN's Dana Bash asked Trump why he is promoting his hotel instead of campaigning in swing states, 'I say the following: You have been covering me for the last— long time. I did yesterday eight stops and three major speeches, and I've been doing this for weeks straight. For you to ask me that question is actually very insulting because Hillary Clinton does one stop and then she goes home and sleeps. And yet you'll ask me that question. I think that's a very rude question, to be honest with you.' 
Trump can't defend why he is wasting precious time promoting his business interests instead of campaigning. Trump doesn't have a single campaign event scheduled until 7 PM. He has given up a critical day of campaign time to get publicity for his new hotel. 
When Trump got called out for some very unpresidential scheduling priorities, his response was to attack the reporter. 
The Republican nominee is not behaving like a person who is willing to give everything to be elected the next president, and every time he leaves his Fox News bubble, Donald Trump opens his mouth and reminds voters of why he should never be elected president. 
Trump Throws A Fit When Asked Why He Is Promoting His Hotel Instead Of Campaigning added by Jason Easley on Wed, Oct 26th, 2016
ARTICLE

Hillary Clinton is keeping her foot on the gas pedal by hammering Donald Trump for taking the day off to promote his hotel built with undocumented workers instead of campaigning. 
Video: 
Clinton said: 
Hillary Clinton could probably spend 24 hours a day for the rest of the campaign doing nothing but targeting Trump's hypocrisies. 
While Trump was trying to drum up business for his struggling new DC hotel, Hillary Clinton was winning more early votes in the state of Florida. There are two competing messages in the media currently about the election. The first message is that Democrats are blowing out Republicans in early voting. The second message is that a few state polls have shown Trump leading by a little in Florida and gaining ground in New Hampshire. 
It is possible that both of these stories are correct. Democrats are blowing out Republicans in early voting, and with no new sex assault stories dominating the news, some Republicans may be coming back to Trump. 
The important thing for Hillary Clinton and Democrats is not to let up. Democrats are very close to generation defining win, but victory is not sealed yet. More polling will need to be done to see if the two state polls were outliers or if this is a trend, but the polls may not matter. 
If most of the ballots in states like North Carolina and Florida are cast before election day, the polls may end up meaning very little. 
Hillary Clinton is in a great position, but judging from her own remarks, she is still working hard to close the deal on November 8. 
As Trump pimps his new hotel, Hillary Clinton is pushing even harder to win the White House.
ARTICLE

Was HRC +2 in Sept 
2way: HRC 47, Trump 39 – was HRC +1 in Sept 
Oct 20-24, LVs 
— Mark Murray (@mmurraypolitics) October 26, 2016 
The AP-GfK Poll has Hillary Clinton leading Donald Trump by 14 points nationally 51%-37%, 'The AP-GfK poll finds that Clinton has secured the support of 90 percent of likely Democratic voters, and also has the backing of 15 percent of more moderate Republicans. Just 79 percent of all Republicans surveyed say they are voting for their party's nominee.' 
Earlier in the day, two Bloomberg polls that had Trump leading Florida by 2 points, and cutting Clinton's New Hampshire lead in half gave Republicans a bit of hope that the presidential election might be tightening, but the reality is that voting is already underway in 37 states. There are very few undecided voters remaining. 
Outside of tracking polls, Donald Trump hasn't had a polling lead since July . Besides his brief July bump, Trump hasn't led Clinton in national polling since May. What the media and Republicans don't want to tell you is that this presidential election has been remarkably consistent. 
There is nothing in the polling to suggest that the election is tightening, or that Trump has significantly improved his odds of winning. 
Those who are looking for a tightening in the polls should keep dreaming, because right now, it's not happening.
ARTICLE

By Sean Colarossi on Wed, Oct 26th, 2016 at 7:36 pm This type of language from someone who used to be a member of the United States Congress is abhorrent, but it's also to be expected in the Trump era of American politics. Share on Twitter Print This Post 
Hopefully, as a country, we'll return to a time in our politics when violent language is shocking and rare. But this year, when the man at the top of the Republican ticket has repeatedly encouraged his supporters to revolt if he loses, isn't likely to be that time. 
On Wednesday, former GOP Congressman Joe Walsh, a right-wing extremist who now hosts a talk radio show, followed his nominee's lead and told urged his Twitter followers to grab their guns on Nov. 9 if Hillary Clinton is elected. 
Tweet: On November 8th, I'm voting for Trump. 
On November 9th, if Trump loses, I'm grabbing my musket. 
You in? 
— Joe Walsh (@WalshFreedom) October 26, 2016 
This type of language from someone who used to be – and thankfully no longer is – a member of the United States Congress is abhorrent, but it's also to be expected in the Trump era of American politics. 
After all, not long ago Trump himself instructed his supporters to revolt if Clinton decides to fulfill her constitutional duty and nominate Supreme Court judges. 
'If she gets to pick her judges, nothing you can do, folks,' the Republican nominee said. 'Although the Second Amendment people — maybe there is, I don't know.' 
More recently, Trump said that he'd like to see what happens if Clinton's bodyguards were disarmed. 
'I think her bodyguards should drop all weapons. Disarm immediately,' he said. 'Take their guns away, let's see what happens to her.' 
Not only does Walsh's rhetoric align perfectly with what Trump has suggested at various points throughout this campaign, but it's also a continuation of dangerous language that the former Republican congressman seems to enjoy using. 
Earlier in the year, when five police officers were gunned down in Dallas, Walsh blamed President Obama, tweeting: 'This is now war. Watch out Obama. Watch out black lives matter punks. Real America is coming after you.' 
Before Trump hit the scene, this type of rhetoric existed, but it often only came from the most extreme elements in either party. Now it has the encouragement of a major party presidential nominee. 
On Nov. 9, we shouldn't hope that people take up arms to protest the results of the election. We should hope that when Trump loses, he'll take a lot of this dangerous rhetoric with him.
ARTICLE

By Sean Colarossi on Wed, Oct 26th, 2016 at 8:34 pm Not even an overwhelming victory by Hillary Clinton is likely to convince Republicans that they should do their job. Share on Twitter Print This Post 
Since Republicans have essentially conceded that Donald Trump is going to lose the general election to Hillary Clinton, they're already making plans in the event that she decides to do her job and nominate Supreme Court justices. 
According to a report from the Huffington Post on Wednesday, one conservative thinker says that John McCain's recent suggestion that his party should block any nominee put forward by Clinton isn't that farfetched. 
The report: 
Some conservatives certainly seem to be warming up to McCain's controversial suggestion last week that Senate Republicans should dig in their heels and block any and all Supreme Court nominees put forth by a future President Hillary Clinton. 
Who needs a fully functioning Supreme Court after all? 
'As a matter of constitutional law, the Senate is fully within its powers to let the Supreme Court die out, literally,' wrote the Cato Institute's Ilya Shapiro in a column Wednesday on The Federalist. 
Shapiro is well-versed in constitutional issues, and his argument has a legal, if contorted, basis. Nothing in the Constitution explicitly stands in the way of senators who would be willing to destroy the nation's highest court ― if not an entire branch of the federal government ― to stop Clinton from selecting judges who share her views. 
… 
To Shapiro, there's nothing wrong with even more Senate obstructionism because 'the Constitution is completely silent' on how the upper chamber provides its 'advice and consent' on the president's nominees. 
… 
'So when you get past the gotcha headlines, breathless reportage, and Inauguration Day, if Hillary Clinton is president it would be completely decent, honorable, and in keeping with the Senate's constitutional duty to vote against essentially every judicial nominee she names,' he concluded. 
The original argument from Republicans was that they would block President Obama's Supreme Court appointment until voters had a chance to weigh in via the Nov. 8 election. Forget the fact that this isn't how the constitutional system is meant to operate, but that was their reasoning. 
Now, faced with the growing prospect that Hillary Clinton will be elected the 45th President of the United States, they are beginning to change their tune. 
The obstruction that defined the Republican Party throughout Obama's presidency looks like it will be sticking around after he is gone. It's yet another reason why down-ballot races are more critical than ever this year.
ARTICLE

CNN's own average of all polls shows Hillary Clinton's lead holding steady: CNN Poll of Polls: Clinton's national lead holds steady at 47% support to Trump's 40% https://t.co/Vkw6B8o8ag pic.twitter.com/WDQiafp5ko 
— CNN (@CNN) October 26, 2016 
Fox News is busy feeding their viewers the dream of a Trump comeback, but that's to be expected. 
Fox News is the channel that brought you Dick Morris predicting Mitt Romney's victory and Karl Rove's election night flip out over Obama's win in 2012. 
One of the sure signs that a voters are close to a definitive outcome in a presidential election is when some in the media start trying to gin up a comeback for the trailing candidate. With the exception of Fox News and other conservative outlets, media like CNN go down this path because they see interest waning in the election, so they are looking to boost ratings with some artificial drama. 
Like clockwork, some in the press are cooking up the comeback kid narrative. 
Don't fall for it. Trust numbers. Trust facts, and trust voting results. The rest of it is the standard nonsense that gets pulled every election year when the networks begin to see their election bounce end and ratings decline.
ARTICLE

Wed, Oct 26th, 2016 at 9:02 pm The comment came hours after Trump promised a "new deal for black America.' Share on Twitter Print This Post 
After pretending he cared about earning the votes of African Americans, Donald Trump kicked a black man out of a rally in North Carolina on Wednesday, calling him a 'thug' while doing so. Protester escorted out of rally. Trump to protester: 'Were you paid $1,500 to be a thug? Were you paid? You can get him out.' pic.twitter.com/jukUj4yuBH 
— Bryan Anderson (@BryanRAnderson) October 26, 2016 
Trump's insulting and racially tinged rhetoric came hours after he was in Charlotte reaching out to the African-American community and promising a 'new deal for black America' if elected president. 
The Republican nominee has insulted African-American voters throughout much of the campaign, often calling their communities 'hell' and claiming they only live in areas riddled with crime and crumbling schools. 
Of course, in true Trump form, he didn't just use tasteless rhetoric insulting to the African-American community at his rally. He also took a shot at Syrian refugees. Trump in Kinston, NC: 'The refugee program would leave us with generations of terrorism, radicalism and extremism inside our shores' 
— Ashley Killough (@KilloughCNN) October 26, 2016 
If you're keeping score at home, African Americans who stand up to Trump's offensive campaign message are 'thugs' and Syrian refugees who come to the United States – in most cases women and children simply seeking a better life – are terrorists who will do damage to our country for 'generations.' 
A man who has such disdain for so many Americans has no business being President of the United States.
ARTICLE

 58 pm Again, Donald Trump was not opposed to the war in Iraq.   
Ever since Donald Trump was lambasted by leaders in both parties for fighting with a Gold Star family and dishonoring the service of Captain Humayun Khan, he's been trying out a new approach: pretending Khan would still be alive if he was president. 
Khan was killed in 2004 in a suicide attack in Iraq. 
When the Republican was asked in an interview with ABC's George Stephanopoulos if he thinks he should apologize for the way he treated the Khan family following the Democratic National Convention, he repeated this bogus claim. 
Video: . @realDonaldTrump stands by claim slain U.S. Army Capt. Humayun Khan would still be alive if he had been president. https://t.co/VgLaQ0cJ3A pic.twitter.com/bcDiTMXY2k 
— ABC News Politics (@ABCPolitics) October 26, 2016 
Trump said, 'I have great respect for the Khan family, I have great respect for – I mean their son is a great hero – but if I were president at that time, Capt. Khan would be alive today, George, because I wouldn't have been in Iraq … I was opposed to the war in Iraq.' 
As Hillary Clinton and many objective sources have noted repeatedly throughout the campaign, Donald Trump was not opposed to the war in Iraq from the beginning. Had he been president at the time, the war still would have taken place because Trump was in favor of it. 
In fact, Trump's campaign rhetoric today indicates that he would be a president who acts recklessly and would only embolden our enemies. This would make the world a more dangerous place and only increase the odds that America gets mired in more conflicts, not less. 
For their part, the Clinton campaign has continued to stand up to Trump's attacks on the Khan family. In an emotional new ad released days ago, Capt. Khan's father recounts how his son died protecting 'everyone in his unit.' Khan's father asked of Trump, 'Would my son have a place in your America?' 
The answer to Mr. Khan's question is a resounding 'no,' as Trump has promised to ban Muslims – like the Khans – from even entering the United States. For those living here already, a President Trump would treat them like criminals. 
Donald Trump will likely continue to rewrite history when it comes to his initial support of military intervention in Iraq. But after spending so much time throwing mud at the Khan family, it's unlikely that anybody will buy it.
ARTICLE

The Washington Post reported : 
The Democratic National Committee has filed papers in federal court against the Republican National Committee, accusing it of violating a 1982 court order intended to prevent voter intimidation. 
The motion filed in New Jersey says the RNC has supported the efforts of presidential candidate Donald Trump's campaign 'to intimidate and discourage minority voters from voting in the 2016 Presidential Election.' Trump has recently been urging his supporters to monitor polling places on Election Day. 
Democrats aren't going to stand by and let Trump supporters waltz into polling places in heavily Democratic areas to intimidate voters. 
Trump's call for his supporters to go to polling places that aren't their own to watch voters is a clear violation of the consent decree. 
The Republican Party, which has completely abandoned the idea of winning elections based on ideas, is firmly standing behind their nominee because the same party that was too weak to stop Trump during the primary is certainly not going to stand in the way of what might be their only chance of winning. 
People should not be afraid to go to the polls and vote. No matter who you are voting for, Democrats have your back. The Republican Party has been trying to suppress the vote and intimidate voters for years. 
Democrats are on to their tricks, and as the lawsuit demonstrates, Trump and the GOP are not going to get away with intimidating voters.
ARTICLE

By Hrafnkell Haraldsson on Thu, Oct 27th, 2016 at 7:56 am Trump used undocumented labor to build Trump Tower and workers told The Washington Post in 2015 they were working on his hotel illegally   
So Donald Trump has responded to Hillary Clinton's accusation that he used undocumented workers to build his new D.C. hotel, a 263-room luxury hotel just blocks from the White House. Trump claims he used no undocumented workers – and as we saw earlier , oh yeah, Hillary Clinton sleeps three days at a time. 
Trump's decision to attend the grand opening rather than campaign raised many eyebrows, not just in the Clinton camp. Republican strategist Steve Schmidt told MSNBC, 
'He is not doing any of the normal activities that you'd be doing 13 days out in a presidential race for somebody who's competitive. You don't take a time-out to tend to your business interests.' 
As Libby Nelson wrote at Vox , 'Clinton is making her closing argument. Trump is making infomercials.' 
All this seems to have stung the thin-skinned Trump, who previously set aside his campaign to open a golf course in Scotland. As CBS News' Sopan Deb tweets , Trump's defense was a little odd, to say the least: Trump's riff on his hotel is worth your time to read. Denies ever using undocumented immigrants and says Clinton sleeps for 3 days at a time pic.twitter.com/Rlsbebzk2Y 
— Sopan Deb (@SopanDeb) October 27, 2016 
The Republican nominee protested to CNN's Dana Bash , 'For you to ask me that question is actually very insulting because Hillary Clinton does one stop, and then she goes home and sleeps.' It is literally impossible for Trump to hear criticism without responding by attacking somebody else. 
Trump's defense reveals a man who is overly sensitive to criticism: he 'works all the time' while Clinton sleeps 'for three days.' He says he took 'an hour off' (it was a bit more than that) to open his new hotel while 'she wants to sleep all the time.' 
He says Clinton gives one speech and then sleeps for three days. In fact, Clinton made two 'Get Out the Vote' stops in Florida yesterday; she makes an appearance with the president and first lady today in North Carolina and has two appearances scheduled in Iowa for the day after. 
And Trump's heated denial of using undocumented workers is unconvincing, considering his track record in that regard. 
It is a fact, as Hillary Clinton said yesterday, that Donald Trump 'once again' used undocumented labor to build a hotel. He used undocumented labor to build Trump Tower . And The Washington Post reports that 'Trump's new downtown D.C. hotel was built thanks to the efforts of a large workforce that included Hispanic construction workers, including some workers who say they are undocumented .' Said one worker in 2015, 'The majority of us are Hispanics, many who came illegally.' 
The old saw about the man who protests too much comes to mind, in reading Trump's denial. This is a man who has a history of exploiting undocumented immigrants and according to the workers themselves, this remains true. 
Nonsensical talk about his opponent sleeping for three days straight is pure deflection, and it won't work. Trump already has his clothing lines made in China, Mexico, and elsewhere, and he has used undocumented labor even while railing against the loss of American jobs. 
Trump is a hypocrite, and hissy fits and deflection are no answer to the allegations against him, and certainly no recommendation for the office of president.
ARTICLE

By Rmuse on Thu, Oct 27th, 2016 at 10:36 am To avoid climate-ending global temperature rise, it is critical for the world to transition off fossil fuels and embrace renewable, clean energy sources. Share on Twitter Print This Post *The following is an opinion column by R Muse* 
Over the past few months, there has been a dearth of good news, and if there did happen to be anything good to report it was overshadowed by the national clown show that is a typical American election. Where there has not been one iota of good news is on climate change. Even dismissing the horrible flooding, wildfires, droughts, sea level rise, melting ice caps, hurricanes and worldwide food shortages, there have only been dire reports on the level of CO2 permeating the atmosphere and the subsequent yearly record-setting rise in global temperatures. 
This week, while most Americans were living, breathing and bleeding over Donald Trump and the tortuously-long presidential campaign, the International Energy Agency offered up some good news; for the climate, the Earth's population, and even for America. 
The good news for the planet came in the form of an announcement on Tuesday by the International Energy Agency (IEA) that stated according to new data, for the first time 'Renewable energy sources have passed coal as the largest new source of electricity in the world.' 
It may not seem like such fantastic news, but climate scientists the world over have warned that if human beings are going to avoid that climate-ending 2-degree C rise in global temperatures, it is critical for the world to transition off of carbon-producing fossil fuels and embrace renewable, clean energy generating sources. This is particularly true for getting off dirty coal-fired electrical generation plants that are responsible for a quarter of America's C02 emissions. Carbon dioxide emissions are one of the main culprits contributing to climate change driven by global warming. 
The IEA report revealed that solar and wind account for nearly two-thirds of current renewable energy growth and interestingly those increases are occurring in, and coming from, developing and industrialized nations alike. For a developing nation, it makes perfect sense to embrace cheaper renewable energy as opposed to any fossil fuel-generated power sources whether they are dirty coal-fired plants or not-quite-as-dirty natural gas-burning generating plants. 
The IEA also revised its earlier projections for renewable energy's continued expansion and growth and ' significantly increased' the amount of ' green energy ' it expects to ' come on line ' over the next five years. Renewable energy includes so-called 'green' sources such as biomass, biogas, eligible biomass and small hydroelectric sources, according to the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA). Both terms, 'renewable and green energy,' include solar and wind generating sources and depending on the context they can be interchangeable. 
In addition to pro-renewable policies (such as the Paris climate agreement and to a lesser extent the America-China deal to roll back coal-generated emissions, there has been a significant price decline that is helping drive the growth in renewables; particularly in solar. And, the IEA projected that the worldwide costs for solar-generated power will continue declining by an additional 25 percent over the next five years. Onshore wind generated electricity costs will drop by at least another 15 percent during that same five-year period. 
Although the IEA report was incredibly good news for the entire planet, there was some extra good news in the report about America's transition to renewable energy. According to the IEA's Medium-Term Renewable Market Report, the United States is adding renewables at a faster rate than demand is growing. What that means for the climate is that renewables are not only covering the ever-increasing demand for electricity but are now supplanting some fossil fuel electricity. Still, America has a long way to go because wind and solar generating sources make up a small portion of America's electricity. 
In time and if the Koch brothers allow it, America may catch up to still-developing nations where renewable energy accounts for about half of new electric power sources. Industrialization is fueling a rapid increase in demand for electricity that is best generated with cheaper renewable energy. 
Although there appears to be no down-side in this bit of good news, the growth of renewable energy does have economic implications. The dirty coal industry is facing some struggles in part due to the glut of oil and lower national gas prices, financial mismanagement, and new clean-air regulations, but the amount of CO2 driving climate change is a testament that they have had a good long reign in providing dirty fuel to generate electricity. It is noteworthy that as coal jobs may be declining the solar industry is growing and thriving to more than take up the slack in any lost coal jobs. 
The IEA couldn't pass up the chance to note one 'sticking point' in their otherwise encouraging report; ' persistent challenges of heating and transportation energy ' that renewables are not affecting. However, since the IEA only monitored and tracked the world's transistor from oil and gas to biofuels, they note that as electric and hybrid vehicles continue to increase around the world, they will be connected to the same electrical grid that is steadily getting a little greener, significantly cheaper, and one Hell of a lot more friendly for the climate and the people. 
It is a mystery how Republicans beholden to the Koch brothers and dirty fossil fuel industry, particularly the dirty coal industry, will absorb this good news. In the past eight years, Republicans , the Kochs, their lobbyists at the Heritage Foundation, Americans for Prosperity, and the American Legislative Exchange Council (ALEC) have made killing renewable energy one of their primary goals. It is likely that the IEA's report will signal they are not winning the war on renewable energy and in the past that may have been worrisome. But now that more Americans are benefitting from renewable energy, particularly solar, Republicans will have a difficult time convincing them to stop getting free electricity from the Sun and saving the climate for their children's future; something the IEA's report never mentions. 
image: J Pat Carter
ARTICLE

Bloomberg reported : 
To compensate for this, Trump's campaign has devised another strategy, which, not surprisingly, is negative. Instead of expanding the electorate, Bannon and his team are trying to shrink it. 'We have three major voter suppression operations under way,' says a senior official. They're aimed at three groups Clinton needs to win overwhelmingly: idealistic white liberals, young women, and African Americans. Trump's invocation at the debate of Clinton's WikiLeaks e-mails and support for the Trans-Pacific Partnership was designed to turn off Sanders supporters. The parade of women who say they were sexually assaulted by Bill Clinton and harassed or threatened by Hillary is meant to undermine her appeal to young women. And her 1996 suggestion that some African American males are 'super predators' is the basis of a below-the-radar effort to discourage infrequent black voters from showing up at the polls—particularly in Florida. 
The effort was obvious, and according to the polling, it is failing. 
Voter turnout among young women is expected to rise according to the latest Harvard IOP young voters poll. Sanders started flocking towards Clinton in August , and haven't left, and early voting statistics show that African-American turnout is solid in swing states. 
The Trump campaign has realized that they don't have enough supporters to win, so they are adopting tactics that run contrary to the heart of democracy to shrink the electorate in critical states. 
However, for voter suppression efforts like Trump's to be effective, the campaign must have a credible messenger. Donald Trump is not a credible messenger to any of the voters that he is trying to deter, and he has no effective surrogates that are capable of delivering his message. 
A voter suppression effort was expected from the Trump campaign. What is unexpected is that the campaign would publicly brag about it. 
People on all sides of the political spectrum who care about basic democratic institutions should be alarmed by Trump's public attack on democracy. 
The good news for all Americans is that Democrats are already fighting back , and the Trump campaign's dark efforts to steal an election appear to be failing.
ARTICLE

By Jason Easley on Thu, Oct 27th, 2016 at 12:16 pm Rep. Paul Ryan could be out of a job after the election, as divided House Republicans are already plotting to fire their Speaker if Trump's defeat triggers a big enough loss of House seats. Share on Twitter Print This Post 
Rep. Paul Ryan could be out of a job after the election, as divided House Republicans are already plotting to fire their Speaker if Trump's defeat triggers a big enough loss of House seats. 
If Democrats pick up 15 House seats or more, Speaker Ryan is going to have a major problem because his job will be in jeopardy. Politico reported that Ryan's enemies in the House Freedom Caucus are divided over whether or not to support him. 
Conservative House Republicans are plotting with one another and openly pining for Ryan's ouster because he refuses to change the House rules to all more conservative legislation to be passed. The Hill is also reporting that conservativeHouse Republicans are deeply divided on keeping Ryan, but Donald Trump could be the wild card that mobilizing an opposition effort to the Speaker, 'The businessman has repeatedly criticized Ryan's leadership and was stung after the Speaker said he would not longer defend Trump after a 2005 tape emerged in which the GOP nominee speaks lewdly about groping and kissing women. Win or lose on Nov. 8, Trump could put pressure on House Republicans to oppose Ryan in a speakership contest.' 
Ryan is certain to be leading a smaller House majority in January. The size of Trump's defeat on election day will help decide how many seats Republicans lose. 
Eight of the nine House Republicans who cast votes against Ryan for Speaker initially will still be around to vote against him again in January. 
Those close to Ryan say that he would step down as Speaker before getting into a protracted fight with his own party, but the walls are closing in on Speaker Ryan. 
The damage Trump is causing isn't limited to their White House dreams. Trump may also cost Paul Ryan his job as Speaker of the House.
ARTICLE

At a Donald Trump rally in North Carolina, a proud Ginger Glover waved a 'Lyin' Hillary Doll' with a special edition noose on it. 
Watch a clip with Glover at the Wednesday rally here via NBC News : 
Glover said the noose was her way of making a point that Hillary Clinton should be 'incarcerated at the very least,' but when asked said she doesn't think Clinton should be killed. 
Yet her employees put the noose on the doll for her and she brought it out in public and waved it around. For 'effect.' 
Where is all of the Trump rallies' violent rhetoric and imagery going? 
Donald Trump seems to attract people who are angry and want someone to blame. 
The Washington Post did an incredible story on Melanie Austin, a Trump supporter who said Trump sees the world like she does. She realized this days after she had been injected with something intended to 'calm' her, after she was involuntarily committed for homicidal ideation against President Obama. 
The first time she had seen him, at a rally in June, she was just beginning to realize how many people saw the world the way she did, that she was one among millions. At the time, her hips were still sore from a series of injections intended to calm her. She had gotten them in February, during a difficult time in her life, when she had been involuntarily hospitalized for several weeks after what she called a 'rant,' a series of online postings that included one saying that Obama should be hanged and the White House fumigated and burned to the ground. On her discharge papers, in a box labeled 'medical problem,' a doctor had typed 'homicidal ideation.' 
Donald Trump and the alt-right, and indeed way too many elected Republicans, have already pointed these folks at Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama as Evil People Who Must Be Harmed. When you attract unstable people who are easily manipulated out of anger and fear and then direct them to harm someone, as Trump and his advisers have done suggesting Hillary Clinton might be shot and saying she should be executed with a firing squad, you are responsible for inciting violence. 
Things are not going well for Trump supporters, and even buoyed as they are with unscientific online polls and delusions fed by the alt-right media and Fox News, they smell defeat. 
Perhaps that's not connected to this specific woman who brought a Hillary Clinton doll in a noose to wave at a Trump rally last night, but it is a trend we're seeing in general – angry Trump fans using more and more violent rhetoric. 
There will be more of this, not less, as Trump's likely defeat becomes reality outside of tinfoil circles. 
This is political intimidation that mimics Donald Trump's despotic promises to jail Clinton even though she's been cleared of wrong-doing in all of the relentless Republican investigations into her activities as Secretary of State. 
Of which there will be plenty more, Republicans promise us, should she win — because just like the Trump camp doesn't want you to vote, Republicans only want government to work when they're not in power. 
The potent mixture of tinfoil and rage is creating a toxic brew of violent fantasies and rhetoric among Trump supporters. 
Image: Screencap from NBC News video
ARTICLE

By Sarah Jones on Thu, Oct 27th, 2016 at 1:41 pm The 12th woman has come forward to accuse Donald Trump of doing what he bragged about doing on the Billy Bush bus tape. In a story that sounds very familiar, former Miss Finland Ninni Laaksonen told the tabloid Ilta-Sanomat that Trump grabbed her butt. Share on Twitter Print This Post 
The 12th woman has come forward to accuse Donald Trump of doing what he bragged about doing on the Billy Bush bus tape. 
In a story that sounds very familiar, former Miss Finland Ninni Laaksonen told the tabloid Ilta-Sanomat that the now Republican nominee grabbed her butt just before Trump and three other beauty pageant contests went on the air for the Late Show with David Letterman in 2006. 
'Before the show we were photographed outside the building,' Laaksonen is quoted by Haaretz . 'Trump stood next to me and suddenly he squeezed my butt. He really grabbed my butt. I don't think anybody saw it but I flinched and thought, 'What is happening?'' 
As to the veracity of these claims, it should be noted that Laaksonen didn't seek the tabloid out. Ilta-Sanomat, the second largest paper in the country according to Wikipedia , reached out to Finnish women who had encountered Trump and that's how they discovered her story. 
In case you're not already grimacing, the former Miss Finland added, 'Somebody told me there that Trump liked me because I looked like Melania when she was younger.' 
Trump has been caught on tape saying women expire at the age of 35. Melania Trump is now 46, so she would have been 'expired' when this alleged groping incident took place in 2006. 
New York Magazine has an exhaustive list of allegations made by women against Donald Trump. 
Donald Trump is on tape bragging about grabbing women by their 'p*ssy' against their will, so it's not a stretch to hear that he did indeed do this to women who are also willing to come forward and face the wrath of the Trump machine. 
What should be alarming is that Donald Trump is the best of the best on the Republican bench. I mean, that is supposed to be how this works, right? A group of top contenders are picked for possible nomination and the best gets it. 
Republicans try to say this is just locker room talk, but if then Senator Barack Obama had had a bus tape like Trump's, let alone 12 women accusing him of doing what he bragged about doing, he not only wouldn't be in office right now – he wouldn't have been a contender. Rightfully so.
ARTICLE

By Jason Easley on Thu, Oct 27th, 2016 at 2:18 pm Donald Trump promised that he would bring millions of new Republicans voters into the election, but polling in swing states shows that it is Hillary Clinton who is getting new voters out to support her.   
Donald Trump promised that he would bring millions of new Republicans voters into the election, but polling in swing states shows that it is Hillary Clinton who is getting new voters out to support her. 
Within their discussion of a new Pennsylvania poll showing Clinton leading Trump by 7 points, The New York Times reported: 
Mrs. Clinton has an 18-point lead among voters who did not participate in the 2012 election, according to our estimates, which are based on a combination of the poll results and voter file data. She fares even better among white voters who didn't vote in 2012 than she does among white voters who did. It's a pattern that has been true across all of the Upshot/Siena surveys in Florida, North Carolina and Pennsylvania. 
There has not been an influx of new voters who might help Mr. Trump. According to our estimates, Mrs. Clinton has a 16-point lead among newly registered voters. 
The idea that Trump was bringing millions of new voters to the Republican Party was always a myth. 
Donald Trump got the most votes of any candidate in a Republican presidential primary. Trump also set the record for most votes cast against in a Republican primary. Trump is one of the few nominees in history to have a majority of his party's primary ballots cast against him. 
Hillary Clinton is the candidate who is attracting millions of new voters, and without a doubt, some of those voters have been motivated by Donald Trump's campaign. 
Trump was right. He has brought millions of new voters to the polls. What he neglected to tell Republicans is that they are coming for Hillary Clinton.
ARTICLE

  3:18 pm The Democratic dream team of Hillary Clinton and First Lady Michelle Obama teamed up to fire up North Carolina Democrats and get   Share   
The Democratic dream team of Hillary Clinton and First Lady Michelle Obama teamed up to fire up North Carolina Democrats and get   
Hillary Clinton spoke first and delivered a speech that was offered glowing praise for President and First Lady Obama. Clinton's happiness and relaxed nature have never been more obvious on the campaign trail. 
Clip of Hillary Clinton talking about Michelle Obama: "No one knows more about what's at stake in this election than our first lady." #ImWithHer pic.twitter.com/dYoYdQuyJK 
— Barrier Breakers (@nobarriers2016) October 27, 2016 
First Lady Obama said of Clinton, 'She is absolutely ready to be commander in chief on day one, and yes, she is a woman.' 
Clip of First Lady Obama touting Clinton's experience: 
— Barrier Breakers (@nobarriers2016) October 27, 2016 
Mrs. Obama went on to call Trump's vision of America grounded in hopelessness and despair. She said Trump calls on us to build walls and to be afraid. 
The First Lady said that voters have a choice between those who divide the country between us and them and those who encourage us to embrace our better angels. 
First Lady Obama said that the election is about who will shape our children and the country we leave for them. 
Obama devasted Trump by reminding America that the president is the most powerful role model for children in the world. 
The enthusiasm and positivity pulsed through the building. Democrats are hungry for victory. Democrats can feel it in their bones. They are so close to electing Clinton that they can taste it. 
The tone of Clinton and Obama's speeches told the story of where the election stands. Trump is increasingly becoming an afterthought as Democrats are transitioning towards healing the damage that Trump did to the country. 
Michelle Obama called out Trump's strategy of calling the election rigged to depress voter turnout. Obama said, 'Voters decide who wins election. Period. End of story.' 
Hillary Clinton and Michelle Obama both offered inspirational speeches for Democrats and the American people. 
Democrats have one job left to do, and that is to go out and vote for Hillary Clinton to be the next President Of The United States.
ARTICLE

According to Quinnipiac University : Four-way races which list both presidential and vice-presidential candidates, except Georgia and North Carolina, where Green Party candidate Jill Stein is not on the ballot, show: 
Georgia: Trump at 44 percent to Clinton's 43 percent, with 8 percent for Libertarian Party candidate Gary Johnson. This compares to a 47 – 40 percent Trump lead September 22; 
Iowa: A 44 – 44 percent Clinton-Trump tie, with 4 percent for Johnson and 1 percent for Green Party candidate Jill Stein. Trump led Clinton 44 – 37 percent September 22; 
North Carolina: Clinton edges Trump 47 – 43 percent, with 5 percent for Johnson. On October 3, Clinton had 46 percent to Trump's 43 percent; 
Virginia: Clinton tops Trump 50 – 38 percent, with 4 percent for Johnson and 2 percent for Stein. Clinton was up 45 – 39 percent September 22. 
Contrary to some Republican hopes, Donald Trump's slide has not stopped. Trump continues to lose support with men in Iowa and Georgia. North Carolina appears to be slipping away from Trump, and the Republican nominee has blown his leads in Iowa and Georgia. 
The Trump campaign has gone as far as to admit that if they lose Florida, they will lose the election, but the signs are evident in the polling that the Republican Party is much closer to experiencing a landslide than they are to winning the White House in November. 
A Trump landslide defeat could trigger a disaster for Republicans that leads to additional Democratic Senate pickups beyond the four seats needed to take back the majority. Republicans could see their current record House majority gutted in a Clinton landslide. 
The election is not getting better for Republicans. The landscape is getting worse. If this polling continues for another week at the state level, Democrats could be looking at their best case scenario of a Democratic White House, House and Senate being in play.
ARTICLE

By Jason Easley   5:35 pm A Democratic super PAC is injecting millions of dollars into the Florida Senate race in a bid to retire Sen. Marco Rubio.   
A Democratic super PAC is injecting millions of dollars into the Florida Senate race in a bid to retire Sen. Marco Rubio. 
CNN reported that Harry Reid's super PAC, the Senate Majority PAC, is injecting millions of dollars into the Florida Senate race to help Rep. Patrick Murphy in his bid to defeat Marco Rubio: 'This race is closing,' spokesman Shripal Shah told CNN. 'Voters know that Marco Rubio is only looking out for himself and they're going to hold him accountable for pushing a self-serving agenda at their expense.' 
'This afternoon Senate Majority PAC made a seven-figure transfer to Floridians for a Strong Middle Class, a Florida based Super PAC supporting Patrick Murphy's campaign. The move comes hours after Senate Majority PAC announced a record fundraising haul — $19.3 million — covering the pre-general reporting period (October 1st thru 19th) that will be filed with the FEC today.' 
Democrats have been divided over the strategy for handling the Florida race. Sen. Chuck Schumer canceled future spending in Florida to direct resources into Senate races in North Carolina, Indiana, and Missouri. Reid sees an opportunity to knock out Rubio and eliminate him from presidential contention in 2020. 
The retiring Senate Democratic leader has been loudly urging Democrats to spend big in Florida to end Rubio's national political career. 
According to Harry Enten at FiveThirtyEight , the polling suggests that pulling out of Florida is probably the right move for Democrats, but with cash to burn and a shot to beat Rubio, there is a case to be made for more spending. 
Democrats on the ground wanted in Florida wanted more spending on the Senate race, and they've gotten their wish thanks to Sen. Harry Reid.
ARTICLE

Thu, Oct 27th, 2016 at 7:42 pm Just another day in the life of Donald Trump's presidential campaign. Share on Twitter Print This Post 
It was a standard day in the life of Donald Trump's presidential campaign, as the Republican nominee spent much of his time on the campaign trail Thursday making outrageous and insulting comments. 
This was on clear display at a rally in Toledo, Ohio, when Trump proposed one of his most ridiculous ideas yet: Cancel the election and just anoint him president. 
Video: Trump jokes: 'We should just cancel the election and just give it to Trump, right? What are we even having it for? Her policies are so bad!' pic.twitter.com/Stz46iDbpf 
— Bradd Jaffy (@BraddJaffy) October 27, 2016 
'I'm just thinking to myself right now, we should just cancel the election and just give it to Trump, right?' Trump asked the crowd. 'What are we even having it for? … Her policies are so bad.' 
Despite Trump's plea to cancel the election as he continues to struggle in the polls, it will be the voters who decide which candidate has the better policies – thankfully. 
The remark also aligns closely with other recent comments in which Trump claimed the process is rigged against him, and he will only accept the outcome of the election if it's favorable for him. 
But Trump wasn't done at his Buckeye State rally. He also made sure to take a dig at minority communities. 
Video: Help me out there. Did Trump just say 'we're going to work on our ghettos' before mentioning inner cities, violence and African Americans? pic.twitter.com/v9KqZSLbh6 
— Bradd Jaffy (@BraddJaffy) October 27, 2016 
Trump's comments: 
We're gonna work on our ghettos … take a look at what's going on where you have pockets of, areas of land, where you have the inner cities, and you have so many things, so many problems, so many horrible, horrible problems – the violence, the death, the lack of education, no jobs. We're gonna work with the African-American community and we're going to solve the problem of the inner city … You can't walk out the street. You buy a loaf of bread and you end up getting shot. 
The Republican nominee's 'ghetto' comment is the newest addition to what is the standard Trump narrative that black communities are hellscapes. This particular set of remarks comes a day after he visited North Carolina for a rally and told supporters – mostly white – that he would enact 'a new deal for black America.' 
In the closing days of this election, Donald Trump is once again showing that there is no better version of who he is. The man who built a campaign on racial resentment is doubling down on it as this election season comes to a conclusion.
ARTICLE

— Bernie Sanders (@BernieSanders) October 27, 2016 If you don't have the guts to run for office on your ideas @realDonaldTrump , then you shouldn't run for office at all. 
— Bernie Sanders (@BernieSanders) October 27, 2016 
Sen. Sanders was correct. Elections are supposed to be contests about ideas and visions for the future. However, the Republican Party ran out of ideas decades ago and has been on a slow and steady descent into substituting beliefs for facts, and hopes for visions. 
Trump is trying to suppress the vote because voter suppression is the only tactic that he has left that may lead him to victory. 
It takes guts and courage to run a presidential campaign based on ideas and principles. Donald Trump lacking in both the guts and courage departments which is why he is spending the final days of his presidential campaign trying to con and scheme his way into the Oval Office. 
The media will never say it, but real candidates for office don't try to win by discouraging people from voting. The best candidates get people excited to vote and play their vital role in the democratic process. 
Bernie Sanders gets it. Donald Trump never will.
ARTICLE

By Hrafnkell Haraldsson on Thu, Oct 27th, 2016 at 6:47 pm Evangelical women support for Trump stood at 58 percent in mid-October. Barely above half. Romney had 77 percent in 2012 Share on Twitter Print This Post 
Donald Trump is hemorrhaging Evangelical women voters. Their support for him stood at 58 percent in mid-October. Barely above half. Romney had 77 percent in 2012. As noted here yesterday , Romney had a lot of support Trump lacks. And Romney lost. 
There have been rumblings among prominent Evangelical women, like Beth Moore of Living Proof Ministries: Try to absorb how acceptable the disesteem and objectifying of women has been when some Christian leaders don't think it's that big a deal. 
— Beth Moore (@BethMooreLPM) October 9, 2016 
Politico asked earlier this month how long Evangelical women can remain behind Trump. 
That answer is in, according to the Wall Street Journal , which says they are turning away, that the 'Republican nominee faces vocal backlash from evangelical women over lewd comments and sexual-misconduct allegations.' 
While some are willing to overlook any number of deplorable remarks from Trump just to see Clinton defeated, others have had enough : "Conservative Christian Women Turn Away From Donald Trump" https://t.co/YH0ZFOzJRN pic.twitter.com/572wTqMTEm 
— Sopan Deb (@SopanDeb) October 27, 2016 
Kimberly Ross wrote at Red State earlier this month that, 
I don't believe that I, as an American woman, am oppressed. However, it is beyond disappointing that men who not only claim faith, but are in leadership roles, are so willing to dismiss a predator among them. Maybe Trump has promised them some future role? I don't know. Regardless, they are lured away from doing their duty and instead join in with someone whose hobby is casting females aside. I'm disgusted by Trump and his male cheerleaders. You should be, too. Thankfully, women like Beth Moore and Rev. Lisa Sharon Harper won't stay quiet on the sidelines as some Evangelical men have always wished they would. 
She is hardly alone, and more and more Evangelical women are joining the ranks of those who have heard enough misogyny from Trump. The reaction of Evangelical women, as Laurie Goodstein noted at The New York Times earlier this month, be a rift 'that shapes politics for years.' 
It isn't as if Trump hasn't been saying these things all along. As David French protested at the National Review back in June, Trump 'subverts all of our most cherished values.' The question is, what took them so long? 
Trump has already had an effect on the Religious Right, an unrepentant sinner who represents everything they claim to oppose. He has 70 percent support from Evangelical men, but while Evangelical women seem to support him despite his misogyny, there are good reasons to suspect the men support him because of his negative attitude towards women. 
If Trump wants to further shrink his already deflated tent by shutting out another demographic, he's going about it the right way.
ARTICLE

A retired four-star general called out Donald Trump as unfit to be president because he has failed to support US troops. 
In a conference call with reporters, Gen. John Allen (Ret.) said: Trump's remarks are not only uninformed…but it also directly undercuts the courage and the commitment of our troops. And I took great exception to this. However he feels personally about this operation, he should be encouraging our efforts publicly, rather than disparaging them. 
…. 
While [Trump] appears not to understand basic military activities, it's not clear to me that he's interested in learning them, either. Because there are a number of experts, who I think…would advise him otherwise. But he seems to be confident in his knowledge. And that knowledge, I think, reveals a lot about what he doesn't know. 
…. 
This kind of rhetoric; this kind of disrespect for our military leadership; this absence of support for our troops who are actually in combat and support for our allies who are fighting and dying every day – it means to me that this individual is not qualified to be Commander-in-Chief. 
Military experts, like Gen. Allen, feel compelled to criticize the Republican nominee days before a presidential election because they feel like he is not supporting the troops and would be a danger to national security as commander in chief. 
Thanks to Donald Trump, the Republican Party has become the party that doesn't support the troops. 
Republicans have gone from 'real America' to un-American in record time. 
If a presidential nominee doesn't respect the men and women who risk their lives for the country, then he definitely won't respect the needs of hard working Americans. 
With each word that comes out of his mouth, Trump continues to show America the real face of the Republican Party.
ARTICLE

Mike Pence's campaign plane slide off the runway during its landing at LaGuardia Airport in New York on Thursday, according to several reports. Despite sliding off the runway and barreling through a fence, nobody was injured in the incident. 
Video: 
— NBC News (@NBCNews) October 28, 2016 Pence campaign plane slid off the runway at LaGuardia Airport; no one injured; Emergency crews are on site, NBC's @VaughnHillyard reports 
— Bradd Jaffy (@BraddJaffy) October 27, 2016 
'The plane made a rough impact when it landed. The pilot slammed on the brakes and travelers could smell burning rubber,' according to a CBS report . 'Pence says mud splashed on the front windows of the cockpit.' 
Once the plane came to a stop, emergency crews were quickly activated. 
'It was the craziest landing I've ever experienced,' Pence said, according to Fox News. 
CBS notes that LaGuardia is 'closed until further notice.' 
Mike Pence Campaign Plane Slides Off Runway After Landing At LaGuardia Airport added by Sean Colarossi on Thu, Oct 27th, 2016
ARTICLE

Thu, Oct 27th, 2016 at 9:02 pm It's amazing how often a microphone can be the root of a presidential candidate's troubles. Share on Twitter Print This Post 
In an interview with Bill O'Reilly on Thursday, Donald Trump was again asked about the 'Access Hollywood' tape in which the Republican nominee was caught bragging about sexually assaulting women. This time, though, he put up a new defense strategy, at least when it comes to this particular issue – blame the microphone. 
When asked by O'Reilly if he thinks he would be winning the election if not for the release of the video, Trump once again repeated that it was only 'locker room talk,' and then started complaining that a microphone shouldn't have been allowed to capture his comments. 
Shockingly, he did not express any regrets for his language. 
Video: 
— Sean Colarossi (@SeanColarossi) October 28, 2016 
'It was locker room talk. The microphone was not supposed to be on … it was an illegal act that was NBC. It was not supposed to be on… that was a private dressing room.' 
It's amazing how often a microphone can be the root of a presidential candidate's troubles. 
It should also be noted that Trump's complaint about his dressing room privacy being breached is particularly rich given his history of storming into the dressing rooms of teenage pageant contestants, some as young as 15 years old. 
When asked by O'Reilly if he would take legal action against NBC's role in uncovering and releasing the tape, Trump said, 'You'll see.' 
All of this comes after Trump recently promised to sue the growing number of women who have come forward saying that they were sexually assaulted by him. 
Trump also spent an absurd amount of time in the interview complaining that the media is rigged (not true), voter fraud is widespread (false), and the polls are dirty (they're not). 
Even in the right-wing safe haven that is Fox News, Donald Trump still managed to prove himself as dangerously unfit to be president.
ARTICLE

Gravis: Clinton +1 LA Times: Tied 
Overall, the Democratic nominee is beating Trump by an average of 5.4 points with just 12 days to go – and as millions of Americans have already cast their ballots. 
On the Electoral College front, RealClearPolitics shows that Clinton is ahead in states that total 333 electoral votes. One of the states she leads in is Arizona – a red state before Republicans nominated Trump. 
To put things in perspective, Barack Obama was leading Mitt Romney by just a single percentage point on this day in 2012. That is what you call a close presidential contest, and Obama still went on to easily win. 
Yet, as I write, CNN and other cable news networks continue to plaster the 'close race' chyron all over their networks, claiming Donald Trump is making it a race again. 
Here's the thing: the contest between Clinton and Trump may be naturally tightening in a few polls, but that doesn't mean it's becoming a close race. It's clear that, despite any one poll showing Trump gaining ground, Clinton still has a pretty durable lead. | @FiveThirtyEight tackles question everyone is asking: Is the Presidential race tightening? (Answer: Not by much.) https://t.co/XoMxzleajd pic.twitter.com/Gq5O47rNsv 
— Jim Roberts (@nycjim) October 26, 2016 
While the media looks silly for trying to make the Clinton-Trump race seem like a nail-biter for the ages, there is also some good that can come of it – besides high TV ratings. 
Clinton supporters who may have previously assumed the race was in the bag for their candidate and were becoming complacent now may recognize, at least if they watch cable news, that the 'race is becoming close again.' 
This should provide a last-minute boost of energy among voters who fear a Trump presidency.
ARTICLE

By Hrafnkell Haraldsson on Fri, Oct 28th, 2016 at 9:19 am With the election just 10 days away, Trump has only donated just $56m of the $100m he promised and won't even invest in his own campaign Share on Twitter Print This Post 
You have got to wonder if the Trump campaign wishes it had spent less on hats and more on polling now, as it is revealed they had only $16M left in their war chest on October 19 compared to Clinton's $62M. Probably not. There are always others to blame and Trump's list of those plotting against him grows in inverse proportion to his polling numbers. 
From June 2015 through September 2016, the Trump campaign, meaning Donald Trump, spent $3.2m on hats according to FEC filings . They spent just $1.8m on polling. Unsurprisingly, they are behind on polling, leading in precisely ZERO (0) polls . You want to win an election? You need sweet hats" -Abraham Lincoln 
Trump has spent more on hats than direct mail or polling… pic.twitter.com/4TOf5DQ1MQ 
— Jack Minor Jr. (@jackminorjr) October 26, 2016 
And now Clinton has four times the cash. 
And The Washington Post is reporting that in the first 19 days of October, Trump only raised half as much as Clinton according to campaign finance reports. His biggest day was the $11.5 million he brought in on the day his sex assault tape was released, which tells you all you need to know about his base. 
Remember when Trump claimed he would give $100m of his own money to his campaign? Yeah, this is a guy who won't even buy his own autographed sports memorabilia. He uses other peoples' money for that. With the election just 10 days away, he has only donated $56m. 
Make what you will of this, but he had been giving $2m a month to his campaign. In the first 19 days of October? Just $31k in in-kind contributions. That's right: even Trump won't invest in his own campaign at this point. 
Trump pulled in $61m up to October 19, down from $100m in September. Meanwhile, the Clinton campaign has pulled in a cool $101m in that same period. She spent less than normal, $54m, but that leaves her a war chest of $153m going into the final stretch. 
Donald Trump says he is a great businessman, yet he has spent twice as much on collateral (including hats) as he has on paying his staff. He says he gets only the best people. And he bought a lot of his #MAGA hats. His campaign site only sells 18 different styles of hat at $20 to $30 apiece. 
And according to Huffington Post , The October 15 Federal Election Commission filing for Trump Make America Great Again Committee shows Trump spent $300k of donors money to buy his own book – presumably The Art of the Deal. He profited personally by doing this by way of royalty payments, and then turned around and resold autographed copies of the $22 book at $184 each. 
His campaign pays him to rent his own campaign headquarters, yet Trump told a crowd in Geneva, Ohio that 'Hillary Clinton has never earned an honest dollar, well I think that's really, you know…' 
Trump is probably the first presidential nominee to try to win the White House while turning a personal profit. 
Now it looks as though Trump has seen a point of diminishing returns. He not only did not self-fund his campaign as promised, he has barely spent half of what he said he would spend, down to almost nothing at all as defeat looms and the potential for profit evaporates. 
Full FEC report can be found here .
ARTICLE

During a debate between Rep. Tammy Duckworth and Sen. Mark Kirk (R-IL) for his U.S. Senate seat in Springfield, Illinois, Kirk mocked Duckworth's ancestry, saying in rebuttal of her comments on the true cost of war, 
'I had forgotten that your parents came all the way from Thailand to serve George Washington.' 
His remark came in response to her statement that, 'My family has served this nation in uniform going back to the Revolution. I am a Daughter of the American Revolution.' 
Watch courtesy of Deadspin : Senator Mark Kirk mocks disabled Iraq war vet Tammy Duckworth in debate for her mixed-race heritage: https://t.co/3Znpd2Uvfq pic.twitter.com/cpWYBKri4l 
— Deadspin (@Deadspin) October 28, 2016 
Kirk, of course, has claimed to receive military honors he did not, in fact, receive. For him to attack Duckworth is not only the height of hypocrisy but mocking her ancestry is appalling. 
The Republican position, as restated here by Kirk, is that it's okay to come from another country as long as you're white. Neither Kirk nor his campaign has apologized. Kirk has said Trump should quit over his misogynist comments; apparently, it's okay to make racist comments. 
When Duckworth said her family had served since the American Revolution, she wasn't joking, and she set Kirk straight in a tweet : My mom is an immigrant and my dad and his family have served this nation in uniform since the Revolution #ILSEN pic.twitter.com/ehEBHswFMs 
— Tammy Duckworth (@TammyforIL) October 28, 2016 
The Illinois senator has unendorsed Donald Trump, one malignant clown calling another a malignant clown , and this latest move has given Kellyanne Conway a rare opportunity to gloat, tweeting , The same Mark Kirk that unendorsed his party's presidential nominee and called him out in paid ads? Gotcha. Good luck. https://t.co/IV7miL317s 
— Kellyanne Conway (@KellyannePolls) October 28, 2016 
With a single sentence, Mark Kirk proved you don't have to support Donald Trump to be a deplorable.
ARTICLE

By Jason Easley on Fri, Oct 28th, 2016 at 10:57 am It is a cruel reality of American electoral politics that the losers of presidential campaigns get banished from national discourse, and that process has already begun for Donald Trump. Share on Twitter Print This Post 
It is a cruel reality of American electoral politics that the losers of presidential campaigns get banished from national discourse, and that process has already begun for Donald Trump. 
Despite the fact that Trump has been claiming that the presidential election is going to be rigged, stolen, or unfair, his cries are beginning to fall on deaf ears. The latest Washington Post tracking poll found that confidence that votes will be counted correctly grew by 12 points from 31%-43%. The number of respondents who believed that voter fraud occurs somewhat often has dropped from 47%-37%, and those expressing concerns that all votes will be counted accurately dropped from 34% to 28%. Even Trump supporters are split 50%-49% on whether or not votes will be counted accurately. 
Part of the shift is likely due to the effective job that President Obama did in addressing these concerns, but it is most likely that voters are treating Trump like the candidate who is going to lose the election. 
One of the best indicators of a presidential election's outcome as election day draws near is the question of who voters think will win. 
Hillary Clinton is dominant on the question of who voters believe will win the election, which is a hint of the way that people are voting. 
The process of tuning out the losing candidate has a long history in the US two party system. Losing candidates who refuse to go away, like Sarah Palin, are viewed as annoying relics who refuse to acknowledge that their time is up. 
Trump's fifteen minutes of fame on the national stage appear to be coming to an end. His words can still poison and damage our country at a cultural level, which is why he still needs to be discussed, but as far as changing minds and winning an election, it looks voters are in the process of banishing Trump from the political island.
ARTICLE

The Washington Post reported : 
Donald Trump raised just $29 million for his presidential campaign committee in the first 19 days of October, about half as much as his Democratic rival, putting him at a severe financial disadvantage in the crucial final days of the White House contest, new campaign finance reports filed Thursday night showed. 
The GOP presidential nominee had just $16 million left in his campaign coffers on Oct. 19, compared to Hillary Clinton's $62 million. When the cash reserves of their joint fundraising committees are included, Clinton's war chest grew to $153 million, while Trump's totaled $68 million. 
Trump's total fundraising dropped 39% in the first 19 days of October. $29 million is close to nothing for a national presidential campaign in the closing weeks of the race. At a time when Trump needs boots on the ground to get out the Republican vote, his presidential campaign is broke, and in debt to the tune of $2 million. There isn't going to be a last-minute ad blitz for Trump, or a reservation of television time so that the Republican nominee can speak directly to voters before election day. 
The plan for Trump is for the campaign to continue to limp along with lots of rallies, which are good for Trump's ego, but not effective in getting voters to the polls. Trump promised to donate $100 million to his campaign but has only given $56 million . The billionaire who promised to self-finance has run his presidential campaign into the ground. Trump took ten times more money out of his campaign in reimbursements to his own businesses than he gave in October. 
Fundraising is an indicator of expected election outcomes. The money tends to go towards the winner at the end of an election. Hillary Clinton is having no trouble raising money, which suggests that enthusiasm is high among her supporters. Trump's cash crush points to a depressed base that doesn't expect him to win. 
Trump has done what he does best. He talked a big game while bankrupting the Republican Party for his own personal gain. Convincing Republicans to give him their nomination may go down in history as Trump's biggest con of all.
ARTICLE

The Trump campaign is so desperate that they are openly celebrating the reopening of the FBI's investigation into Hillary Clinton's emails. 
Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway tweeted: A great day in our campaign just got even better. FBI reviewing new emails in Clinton probe @CNNPolitics https://t.co/WBltG2lAK6 
— Kellyanne Conway (@KellyannePolls) October 28, 2016 
The problem with the idea that the emails will save Donald Trump and the Republican Party is that Clinton was beating Trump while the FBI did their first investigation into her emails. Clinton has led Trump all through the Congressional hearings into her emails. She led Trump throughout the FBI investigation into her emails. Clinton won the Democratic nomination with her emails being a story. 
The point is that Hillary Clinton's emails aren't a big issue to the majority of voters. The people who aren't Republicans in this election don't care about her emails. 
When compared to Trump sexually assaulting women, not paying federal income taxes, and being sued in two states for fraud, the emails seem like a quaint political scandal from a much simpler time. 
There has also never been a shred of proof that Hillary Clinton did anything wrong. 
Republicans can't get past the basic hurdle of needing actual evidence to back up their email conspiracy. 
Hillary Clinton is facing Donald Trump in this election, and only a moron or a truly desperate campaign manager clinging on the last bit of hope that she can find would believe that the reopening of an email investigation will make a bit of difference on election day. 
The voters are speaking, and they don't care about Hillary Clinton's emails.
ARTICLE

The letter from FBI Director Comey announcing the reopening of the Clinton email investigation is already being blown up into more than it is. 
Here is the letter via CNN's Jake Tapper: FBI Dir Comey letter to congressional committee chairs re discovery of "new emails…pertinent to the investigation" pic.twitter.com/y4gvHiILLn 
— Jake Tapper (@jaketapper) October 28, 2016 
As Republicans cheer because they think that they have been thrown an election lifeline, read the whole letter and look at what it says. The letter does not say that Hillary Clinton did anything wrong. The letter states that emails were found that were pertinent to the email investigation while looking into an unrelated matter. 
The letter FBI Director Comey reads like what it is, an update on an investigation. The FBI is dotting the Is and crossing the Ts. Comey's letter destroys the Republican claim that there was a conspiracy to cover up Clinton's emails. Republicans, including Donald Trump, have spent months criticizing Comey's investigation, but it turns out that they were wrong. 
It would take something unprecedented and dramatic to change the FBI's original findings. Director Comey made it clear that the agency's work might not be completed before the election. 
The email story that Republicans and the media love, but voters have never cared about is back in the news, but it remains an empty scandal. 
The FBI's reopened investigation does open the door for Republicans to continue their bogus witch hunt if Hillary Clinton wins the White House. Unless voters want two more years of conspiracy investigations instead of action, today's developments have made voting for Democrats in House and Senate contests more vital than ever.
ARTICLE

By Jason Easley on Fri, Oct 28th, 2016 at 1:02 pm If Donald Trump wants to keep Arizona in the Republican column, he will have to spend some of his very limited time, money, and resources there, because Hillary Clinton is campaigning in the red state next week. Share on Twitter Print This Post 
If Donald Trump wants to keep Arizona in the Republican column, he will have to spend some of his very limited time, money, and resources there, because Hillary Clinton is campaigning in the red state next week. 
The Clinton announced that the Democratic nominee would be spending part of the last week of the campaign in Arizona, 'On Wednesday, November 2, ‎ Hillary Clinton will campaign in Phoenix, Arizona, days before Election Day. Clinton will lay out what is at stake in the election. With more people voting in this election than any in history, Clinton will urge Arizona voters to take advantage of in-person early voting. Voters can check their registration status and early vote location at iwillvote.com.' 
The fact that Clinton will be in usually reliably red Arizona in November during the final week of the presidential campaign tells voters all they need to know about the state of the presidential race. 
Hillary Clinton is in such a good position that she can afford to spend some time during the last week of the campaign trying to turn red states blue. 
The Trump campaign already deployed VP nominee Mike Pence to Utah in a bid to save that dark red state from falling, and it looks like they will have to devote resources to saving Arizona to prevent Clinton from winning a state that has been a given for Republicans in previous elections. 
The Trump campaign is broke. The nominee had to give his campaign $10 million so that they could afford to buy air time in battleground states for their ads. 
The Clinton campaign is trying to stretch Trump past his breaking point by making a serious play for Arizona. It is a brilliant move from a campaign that has outwitted its Republican opponent at every turn.
ARTICLE

A PPP poll of Florida found: 
Candidates who have been vocal in their support for gun violence prevention perform well in Florida. Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton leads Republican Donald Trump by four points (48/44), and Democratic U.S. Senate candidate Patrick Murphy is tied with Republican incumbent Sen. Marco Rubio, 46/46. By an almost two to-one margin, 51/26, Florida voters would be more likely to vote for a candidate for U.S. Senate who supports strengthening gun laws, suggesting ample room for growth for gun safety candidates before the election next month. 
The poll was conducted by PPP the Americans for Responsible Solutions PAC, and it illustrates the dilemma that the Florida Senate race has created for Democrats. Democratic leadership is divided on spending more money on expensive Florida media, but there are polls that suggest that Sen. Marco Rubio's Democratic challenger, Rep. Patrick Murphy, has a chance of winning the seat. 
If Rep. Murphy can beat Sen. Rubio, the defeat would likely put an end to Rubio's national political career or at least force the Florida Republican to put the brakes on his plan to run for president in 2020, and instead focus on a run for governor. 
Democrats have a real chance to send Marco Rubio to the unemployment line. Rubio has been a disinterested Senator, who just like Ted Cruz, seems only interest in his Senate seat as a platform from which to launch his presidential ambitions. Rubio has provided poor service to his constituents , and doesn't deserve to return to the US Senate. 
Sen. Rubio has refused to commit to serving his full Senate term, which should tell voters all they need to know about his commitment to them. 
Democrats have a chance to solidify their potential Senate majority by sending Marco Rubio home. With cash to spend and less than two weeks left in the campaign, they'd be foolish not to take it. 
Marco Rubio Inches Closer To Unemployment As Poll Shows Florida Senate Race Tie added by Jason Easley on Fri, Oct 28th, 2016
ARTICLE

By Sarah Jones on Fri, Oct 28th, 2016 at 12:08 pm Donald Trump's Republican running mate Mike Pence has finally found something he's offended by, but it's not Donald Trump bragging about sexual assault or insulting African Americans or Mexicans or women or a Gold Star family. Nope. Pence is offended by a news report he hasn't read about their voter suppression efforts. Share on Twitter Print This Post 
'That's offensive to me, that kind of language. It's not our operation,' Indiana Governor Mike Pence said Friday morning on MSNBC's Morning Joe . 
Yes, Donald Trump's Republican running mate Mike Pence has finally found something he's offended by, but it's not Donald Trump bragging about sexual assault or insulting African Americans or Mexicans or women or a Gold Star family. 
Nope. 
Did Pence read the story? No. But he's offended. So offended. Because that kind of language is offensive. Not the actual suppression of the votes, but the language, because it's not 'our operation.' 
Watch here via MSNBC's Morning Joe : 
Twice saying he hasn't read the article, Pence proceeded to launch into a diatribe about how offended he was by something he hadn't read, 'That's offensive to me, that kind of language. It's not our operation,' Pence denied. 
'Donald Trump and I want every American who has the opportunity to vote to vote in this election. And that's our message, is to tell the American people that this country really belongs to them. That we can have government as good as our people again, but it's going to take all of us.' 
'And you saw Donald Trump … say that people who haven't traditionally voted Republican, we've got an agenda to bring our cities back…' 
Pence is twice offended, so super offended: 
'I've never heard anybody in this campaign talk that way. Frankly, you know, it was offensive to me to hear that being reported in the news because that's just not the approach Donald Trump has taken to this campaign. It's not the approach we're taking. We're reaching out to every American.' 
Pence then claimed Independents and even Democrats are breaking for Trump. In fact Trump and Pence are even losing groups that voted for Mitt Romney in 2012. Pence then belied his own confidence by trying to shame Republicans into voting for them by saying, 'It's time for Republicans to come home' because Trump won the primary. 
Mike Pence laughed at the idea that the race is over and done, because 'It's just not what I see out there.' 
Trump also loves to cite what he 'sees' and reads, and often times those things turn out to not even exist – like videos he claims to have watched. 
This explains why Mike Pence and Donald Trump ended up together. It turns out, they are not that different after all, in spite of the Republican establishment's efforts to persuade the voters and themselves otherwise. Both Pence and Trump don't care a whit about facts. This is more than typical campaign spin, it's appalling in context. 
The context is that Mike Pence is willingly standing next to a man who brags about grabbing a woman's 'p*ssy' without her permission, but he is publicly saying he's offended by language used in a report about their voter suppression efforts. 
Pence didn't even bother to read the article, which suggests that he doesn't care if their campaign is really suppressing voters. But why would he? 
Pence didn't care about any of the groups Donald Trump insulted – not enough to take a public stand, so why start now. But he took a public stand was when the insult was aimed at his own campaign. 
Like Trump, Pence is also insulted by language calling out bad behavior instead of the bad behavior. 
Image: Screencap via MSNBC's 'Morning Joe' 
Mike Pence Is Fine With Trump Sexual Assault But Offended By Voter Suppression added by Sarah Jones on Fri, Oct 28th, 2016
ARTICLE

The revived Hillary Clinton email investigation story that gave Republicans some brief hope has been killed by a slew of new facts. 
Devastating point number one to Republicans. The emails aren't about Clinton withholding, receiving, or sending emails: Pete Williams has sources saying not about Clinton world w/holding emails. Not about Podesta emails. Not emails from Clinton. 
— Sam Stein (@samsteinhp) October 28, 2016 
NBC's Pete Williams also has details that are already taking the air out of Republican sails: NBC's Pete Williams: Sr. officials say—During separate investigation 'a device' led to add'l emails–not from Clinton https://t.co/QmmNoxXhOx 
— Bradd Jaffy (@BraddJaffy) October 28, 2016 
For those who can't watch the video above: Important reporting from @PeteWilliamsNBC on the FBI/Clinton news (h/t @mmurraypolitics ). pic.twitter.com/RyxmTPXMtW 
— Sahil Kapur (@sahilkapur) October 28, 2016 
This might be a record for the fastest death of a Republican scandal. Trump and Republicans made a number of assumptions that turned out not to be true. It looks like the FBI is only trying to be careful in their review. Since the emails have nothing to do with Hillary Clinton, the State Department, emails sent or received by Clinton or the Clinton Foundation, Republicans were wrong on all fronts. 
Facts won't stop Republicans from trying to make something out of nothing, but the Comey letter is not the campaign changer that Trump and the Republicans were hoping for. The weakness of this story means that should play well in the conservative media echo chamber, but by Monday, it will be forgotten by the rest of the country.
ARTICLE

By Sarah Jones on Fri, Oct 28th, 2016 at 2:27 pm Donald Trump's message that everything in the U.S. is crap and we are all drowning in economic hardship that only Trump can fix got slapped down today as the U.S. economy 'roars back'. Share on Twitter Print This Post 
Donald Trump's message that everything in the U.S. is crap and we are all drowning in economic hardship that only Trump can fix got slapped down today as the U.S. economy 'roars back'. 
The advance estimate of GDP for the third quarter of 2016 showed that the Obama economy grew at an annual rate of 2.9%. The conservative Wall Street Journal headlined this news with, 'U.S. Economy Roars Back, Grew 2.9% in Third Quarter.' 
Jason Furman, Chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers, summarized the numbers, 'Real GDP grew 2.9 percent at an annual rate in the third quarter, with strong export growth and continued strength in consumer spending.' 
This news flies in the face of Donald Trump's basic economic message of doom and gloom that only he can fix. 'The Trump economic plan creates at least 25 million jobs, boosts growth up to 4 percent, and is revenue neutral,' Trump's website claims. 
Before these numbers, Trump's previous problem was that Trump's economic plan is a big giveaway to the top one percent, isn't revenue neutral and would destroy 11 million jobs. Trump also struggled with analysis that his plan could hurt the economy in the long run. 
The conservative-leaning Tax Foundation found that Trump's plan would cost the US trillions of dollars and grow the incomes of the top one percent by 10%-16%. Trump's tax plan could cost the U.S. 11 million jobs. 
According to a report released at the end of July by Moody's Analytics, Hillary Clinton's economic proposals would create millions of jobs and boost economic growth higher than current projections. 'The analysis shows that, if implemented, the Democratic nominee's agenda would create 10.4 million jobs and accelerate economic growth to an annual average of 2.7 percent.' 
Under Trump's plan, Moody's estimated that unemployment would spike to 7 percent and over 3 million Americans would be put out of work. 'The U.S. economy will weaken significantly if Mr. Trump's economic policies are fully implemented as he has proposed,' the June report said. 'The economy will suffer a recession that begins in early 2018 and extends into 2020…even longer than the Great Recession.' 
Yikes. 
Trump sells these plans with a broadly negative message that often strays from facts. Trump earned a 'Pants on Fire!' from PolitiFact for this claim made June 16th, 2015 in his presidential announcement speech, 'The last quarter, it was just announced, our gross domestic product … was below zero. Who ever heard of this? It's never below zero.' 
But also they note, 'Finally, since Trump was attacking Obama for this bad quarter of growth, we'll just throw this out: Of the 42 quarters of negative growth since World War II, 30 occurred under Republican presidents and just 12 under Democratic presidents.' 
Today's new economic numbers help Clinton make the argument that people should vote for her if they want to continue the record setting job growth numbers and economic growth under President Obama. 
Hillary for America Senior Policy Advisor Jacob Leibenluft pounced on the numbers to say, 'Today's GDP release shows economic growth at its fastest pace in two years… But Hillary Clinton believes there is still more we need to do to build an economy that works for everyone, not just those at the top. Independent experts agree her plan would create good-paying jobs through investments in infrastructure, innovation and education.' 
The economy is roaring back under President Obama, and the numbers suggest that it does better under a Democratic president. Donald Trump keeps saying Clinton is 4 more years of Obama, which makes a sunny case for her. 
Trump is already struggling with just 11 days to go until the election on November 8th, and these numbers just added more weight to his uphill battle. Reality has spoken, and it doesn't agree with Donald Trump's vision of America.
ARTICLE

By Jason Easley on Fri, Oct 28th, 2016 at 2:16 pm Trump being Trump, he stepped on stage and immediately wrecked any chance Republicans had of taking advantage of the email story. Share on Twitter Print This Post 
Trump being Trump, he stepped on stage and immediately wrecked any chance Republicans had of taking advantage of the email story. 
Trump went into full hyperbolic overdrive in New Hampshire by claiming that the FBI's reopening of the investigation was 'bigger than Watergate.' 
The Republican nominee took back his claim that the system is rigged. 
Video: Following FBI announcement into Clinton's emails, Trump remarks, "The system might not be as rigged as I thought." https://t.co/7kI3UXbveF 
— ABC News Politics (@ABCPolitics) October 28, 2016 
Trump said, 'But, with what I've just announced, previously, it might not be as rigged as I thought. Right? The FBI. I think they're going to right the ship, folks. I think they're going to right the ship, and they're going to save their great reputation by doing so.' The speculation is that the FBI is likely to review the new emails and stick by their original finding that Hillary Clinton did nothing wrong. 
Trump and the Republicans are jumping to some conclusions. They know that Clinton is guilty without any evidence to support their beliefs. They are assuming that the FBI is going to find evidence that Hillary Clinton did something wrong, and they think that the emails are their ticket to getting Trump elected. 
Trump has no political skills, and no idea when to use a gentle touch and stop. The Republican nominee destroyed any hope that the GOP had of using the reopened email investigation to their advantage by letting his habits of lying and changing positions on a whim take hold. 
The email scandal isn't going to help Republicans. It hasn't before, and it won't now, but Trump's over the top incompetence has killed any boost that Republicans might have gotten from the story.
ARTICLE

The new Clinton email scandal keeps getting worse for Republicans as new information is emerging that the emails the FBI is looking at were not on her server. 
The AP is reporting: BREAKING: US official: Newly discovered emails related to Clinton investigation did not come from her private server. 
From previous reporting, it is known that the emails have nothing to do with Clinton, her campaign, the Clinton Foundation, the Russian hacks, the State Department, and any emails she sent or received. Now, we know that the emails were not on her server. FBI Director Comey completely bungled this announcement, and he needs to explain what the FBI is analyzing, because it doesn't sound like it has anything to do with Hillary Clinton. 
The email scandal that Republicans thought would save them has evaporated nearly as quickly as it arrived. With each new development, it is clear that there is much less to the story than initially reported. 
If the Republican Party wants to risk losing, even more House and Senate seats in 11 days by pursuing this non-story, they should feel free to have at it. 
Any time that Republicans spend talking about Clinton's emails over the next 11 days will only help the Democratic Party.
ARTICLE

By Sarah Jones on Fri, Oct 28th, 2016 at 8:34 pm 'We have a protester! By the way, were you paid $15,000 to be a thug?' Republican nominee Donald Trump yelled at a black man as he kicked him out. The man is was a supporter of Trump's. Share on Twitter Print This Post 
'We have a protester! By the way, were you paid $15,000 to be a thug?' Republican nominee Donald Trump yelled at a black man from his lectern during a rally Wednesday evening in Kinston, North Carolina. 
Trump went on suggesting that the man had been paid by Hillary Clinton to protest Trump. But it turns out, as usual, Trump's paranoia got the best of him and he kicked out his own supporter, a man named C.J. Cary who happened to be wearing a GOP badge and holding a letter supporting Trump but urging him to stop being so offensive. 
Watch here via Raleigh's News & Observer: 
The News and Observer reported, 'Cary says he wanted to deliver a note to Trump urging him to be less offensive and more inclusive to four demographic groups: black people, women, people with disabilities and college students. Cary, an African-American, says he's an ex-Marine who also worked in Afghanistan as a civilian for the U.S. Army.' 
The irony is no doubt lost on the Trump crowd that this man came to urge Trump to be more inclusive of African Americans and he got called a paid thug and kicked out. So the answer to his plea seems to be, 'Never gonna happen.' 
Cary was wearing a GOP badge and his letter slammed Hillary Clinton and President Obama. 
Leave it to Donald to shrink his own tent even more. It wasn't enough that he tossed out a baby, now he's going after his few minority supporters. 
Some things never change.
ARTICLE

By Sarah Jones on Fri, Oct 28th, 2016 at 8:02 pm Secretary Clinton put pressure on Comey to explain himself saying, "We've heard these rumors, we don't know what to believe. That is why it is incumbent on the FBI to tell us what they are talking about." Asked if she thought this could sink her campaign, Clinton laughed. Share on Twitter Print This Post 
Hillary Clinton did a quick presser in Iowa to respond to questions about the FBI Director James Comey's decision to appear to violate the Hatch Act 11 by participating in political activities 11 days before an election. 
Secretary Clinton put pressure on Comey to explain himself saying, 'We've heard these rumors, we don't know what to believe. That is why it is incumbent on the FBI to tell us what they are talking about.' 
Watch here: Video: Hillary Clinton calls on FBI to release all of the info it has & explain the issue in question without delay https://t.co/rg57U1RqPf 
— Bradd Jaffy (@BraddJaffy) October 28, 2016 
'The American people deserve to get the full and complete facts immediately. The director himself has said he doesn't know if the emails referenced in his letter are significant or not,' the Democratic nominee said. 
'That's why it's incumbent on the FBI to tell us what they're talking about,' Clinton said. 
Clinton pushed for more information to be released 'without delay.' She said she found about the investigation from reports and that she wasn't given advance notice. Clinton said she had not been contacted by Comey on this issue. 
When asked what she would tell voters about her emails, Clinton responded, 'I think people made up their minds a while ago about the emails.' 
This might be the right place to mention the 22 million emails the Bush administration 'lost' and the private RNC servers they used, as context for how important this issue really is to Republicans as a value. 
Kristen Welker asked if Clinton was afraid that this could sink her campaign, to which Secretary Clinton responded with a big laugh: "Are you worried this could sink your campaign, Secretary Clinton," a reporter shouts as HRC walks out. Clinton only lets out a big laugh. 
— Ruby Cramer (@rubycramer) October 28, 2016 
The Republican FBI Director James Comey wrote the House on Friday to inform hopeful Republicans that they had found new emails relating to Clinton's private email that begged further investigation. 
It turns out the emails didn't come from Clinton's server and there doesn't seem to be any there there, except for giving Republicans a reason their base needs to get out to vote. 
Federal employees are forbidden from participating in political activities under the Hatch Act, and this is why a complaint has already been lodged against Comey . 
Hillary Clinton laughed because what else is she supposed to do at this point. How many years on is this? Republicans have mined this hopeful scandal for so long it's DOA. The press has followed Republicans' lead with the absurd email story- a story as ridiculous as it is common, and a story that was never a story until Clinton did it. 
Republicans and some in the press think this might sink the Clinton campaign. So they think America would rather put Putin's puppet who laughs about sexually assaulting women in the White House than someone whose emails we've all read now and found nothing much but gossip. 
Yeah, I don't think so. 
Dead story was dead before it started, but that won't stop it from being spun into blood match.
ARTICLE

By Jason Easley on Fri, Oct 28th, 2016 at 6:36 pm The reason why the Clinton email scandal is getting pushed 11 days before the election has nothing to with Trump's DOA White House bid, and everything to do with helping Republicans keep control of Congress. Share on Twitter Print This Post 
The reason why the Clinton email scandal is getting pushed 11 days before the election has nothing to with Trump's DOA White House bid, and everything to do with helping Republicans keep control of Congress. 
On the surface, the sudden revival of Hillary Clinton's emails looks like an October surprise designed to help Republican nominee Donald Trump. The problem with this theory is that both Democrats and Republicans acknowledge that Trump is toast. 
Unless Hillary Clinton's emails say, 'LOL. I was the shooter on the grassy knoll,' there is nothing that would stop her from winning the election. In fact, the emails FBI Director was investigating did not come from Clinton or her server. They seem to have very little to do with Hillary Clinton or her presidential campaign. 
The emails are like catnip to Republican voters, who have been promised for years that if they keep sending Republicans to Congress, they'll bring down a Democratic president, and that is the real reason behind the email scandal revival. 
For the next ten days, Republican Congressional candidates are going to be able to campaign on investigating Hillary Clinton. The Republican candidates can pretend like Trump doesn't exist because their new pitch to voters is, 'Vote for me and I'll bring down Hillary.' 
Donald Trump is a lost cause. Millions of ballots have already been cast in swing states. Trump is being out organized and trounced by Clinton on the ground. 
To understand the real value of the email scandal to the Republican Party, look down the ballot. 
The Hillary Clinton email scandal is nothing more Republican get out the vote operation to save their majorities in Congress.
ARTICLE

A complaint has been filed against FBI Director James Comey with Department of Justice Office of Professional Responsibility that accuses him of interfering in a presidential election. 
The Democratic Coalition Against Trump released a statement announcing their complaint: The Democratic Coalition Against Trump filed a complaint with the Department of Justice Office of Professional Responsibility on Friday against FBI Director James Comey for interfering in the Presidential election, following the FBI's decision to open up an investigation into Secretary Clinton's emails this close to Election Day. Federal employees are forbidden from participating in political activities under the Hatch Act. 
'It is absolutely absurd that FBI Director Comey would support Donald Trump like this with only 11 days to go before the election,' said Scott Dworkin, Senior Advisor to the Democratic Coalition Against Trump. 'It is an obvious attack from a lifelong Republican who used to serve in the Bush White House, just to undermine her campaign. Comey needs to focus on stopping terrorists and protecting America, not investigating our soon to be President-Elect Hillary Clinton.' 
Outrage is growing over Comey's actions as details about the FBI investigation have revealed that it has nothing to do with Clinton, her emails, or her server. 
Director Comey's motives for sending the letter 11 days before a presidential election have been questioned by both Republicans and Democrats. 
If Comey's actions were politically motivated, he would be in violation of the Hatch Act. 
What Republicans initially viewed as a new hope in the presidential election has quickly been exposed as a desperately political ploy. 
The American people deserve a full explanation from Director Comey, because the letter that was released today raises more questions than answers.
ARTICLE

By Sarah Jones on Fri, Oct 28th, 2016 at 9:04 pm So Donald Trump's warnings about almost non-existent voter fraud were right after all. The only problem is that it was a Donald Trump supporter who committed voter fraud by voting twice. Share on Twitter Print This Post 
So Donald Trump's warnings about almost non-existent voter fraud were right after all. 
The only problem is that it was a Donald Trump supporter who committed voter fraud by voting twice. 
Terri Lynn Rote, 55, was booked into jail Thursday on a felony charge of first-degree election misconduct after being arrested for suspicion of voting twice, according to the Des Moines Register . 
Authorities say the registered Republican cast two electoral ballots in Polk County. She was held in jail on a $5,000 bond and released Friday. 
Terri Rote caucused for Donald Trump: Terri Rote plans to caucus tonight for @realDonaldTrump down on the east side of Des Moines pic.twitter.com/dMdeH7sX0V 
— Leigh Munsil (@leighmunsil) February 1, 2016 
This does make it pretty awkward for Republicans, especially Trump supporters who've been told to 'monitor' areas where liberals and Democrats vote, which is actually called voter intimidation and is also against the law. 
In fact, Donald Trump's unfounded claims that the election is rigged got the Republican Party sued for voter intimidation. And now one of Trump's own supporters is arrested over voter fraud. 
Makes sense.
ARTICLE

By Sarah Jones on Fri, Oct 28th, 2016 at 11:05 pm Matthew Miller, self described "Recovering flack from DOJ, DSCC", schooled Republican FBI Director James Comey for violating his power and lambasted him for commenting on a case within 60 days of an election. Share on Twitter Print This Post 
Former DOJ spokesman for Eric Holder Matthew Miller, a self described 'recovering flack from DOJ, DSCC', schooled Republican FBI Director James Comey for violating his power and lambasted him for commenting on a case within 60 days of an election. 
'The department and the FBI have very strict rules about when they can comment on ongoing cases and Director Comey has violated those rules going back to his original press conference when he closed the case,' Miller said on CNN. 'But this latest example violates a long standing practice which is that the department goes out of its way not to do anything that can be seen as trying to influence an election in the closing days of an election, and usually they interpret the closing days to be seen as the last 60 days let alone the last 11 days.' 
Watch here: 
Miller also held school on Twitter about Comey's abuse of power, which has led to Hillary Clinton having to defend against a negative: I wrote a piece in July on why Comey's public comments about Clinton were such an inappropriate abuse of power. 1/ https://t.co/G8croz4qWZ 
— Matthew Miller (@matthewamiller) October 28, 2016 He flagrantly violated DOJ rules with his press conference. Then went on to break new ground discussing details of the case to Congress…2/ 
— Matthew Miller (@matthewamiller) October 28, 2016 Followed by quickly releasing FBI 302's, something they rarely do, and which I doubt they will do for future high-profile cases. 3/ 
— Matthew Miller (@matthewamiller) October 28, 2016 Each time, he either violated or seriously stretched DOJ rule & precedent. Press conference was the original sin, & it begat the rest. 4/ 
— Matthew Miller (@matthewamiller) October 28, 2016 But today's disclosure might be worst abuse yet. DOJ goes out of its way to avoid publicly discussing investigations close to election. 5/ 
— Matthew Miller (@matthewamiller) October 28, 2016 Not just public discussion either. Often won't send subpoenas or take other steps that might leak until after an election is over…6/ 
— Matthew Miller (@matthewamiller) October 28, 2016 Why? Because voters have no way to interpret FBI/DOJ activity in a neutral way. Who is the target of an investigation? What conduct? 7/ 
— Matthew Miller (@matthewamiller) October 28, 2016 This might be totally benign & not even involve Clinton. But no way for press or voters to know that. Easy for opponent to make hay over. 8/ 
— Matthew Miller (@matthewamiller) October 28, 2016 Which takes us back to the original rule: you don't comment on ongoing investigations. Then multiply that times ten close to an election. 9/ 
— Matthew Miller (@matthewamiller) October 28, 2016 For whatever reason (& there are many theories), Comey continues to ignore that. But only for Clinton. 10/ 
— Matthew Miller (@matthewamiller) October 28, 2016 FBI is undoubtedly investigating links between the Russian hack, Manafort, & the Trump campaign. But aren't commenting on it. Good! 11/ 
— Matthew Miller (@matthewamiller) October 28, 2016 
Miller points out, 'This just smells worse and worse the more we learn', linking to this: Emails "were not to or from Clinton" and appeared like info FBI already had. WTF??? https://t.co/YS6jWfwGzi 
— Ken Gude (@KenGude) October 29, 2016 
The problem with Comey's actions isn't that he is investigating Hillary Clinton; the problem is he is violating long standing rules that prohibit federal employees from doing anything that could be seen as political near an election. It is an established rule that ongoing investigations aren't commented on for obvious reasons. 
This is quite simply not done. Comey's reasons for doing this are unclear, and perhaps when he provides more information his decision will make more sense. But it's troubling that we are seeing such a consistent breakdown of tradition and rules/agreements of law surrounding the Trump campaign, which seems to have lowered the bar all around. 
FBI Director James Comey Schooled by Former DOJ Spokesman for Abusing His Power added by Sarah Jones on Fri, Oct 28th, 2016
ARTICLE

By Headly Westerfield on Fri, Oct 28th, 2016 at 10:20 pm As Megyn Kelly garners headlines for her feminism or lack thereof, Rupert Murdoch seems desperate to keep her. Share on Twitter Print This Post 
Earlier this week Friday Fox Follies , under the assumption the explosive , and bizarre battle between Megyn Kelly and Newt Gingrich, would be this week's lede , I had already tricked up an opening paragraph. In case you missed it , that's when he got personal , accused her of being obsessed by sex and she told him that he should work on his anger issues . This week's column would have been about how the Fox audience continues to splinter as they take sides in the presidential election. The NYT calls 'em Megyn Moments ; I call them fissures in what had been assumed to be the bedrock foundation of the Fox 'News' Channel: it's unthinking audience. 
Then came word that Rupert Murdoch was playing hardball as Kelly's contract negotiations break out into the open. That paragraph, lovingly crafted, went out the window. But, let's see what this fight was about because heat is always better than light for ratings, as Trump Congratulates Newt Gingrich For Getting His Butt Kicked By Megyn Kelly . Watch: 
As Kelly garners headlines for her feminism or lack thereof , Rupert Murdoch seems desperate to keep her. Her contract expires next year and Rupie opened up to the Wall Street Journal — of which he is owner — to partially cajole Kelly and partially to threaten her into extending her contract. Million in Contract Talks With Fox News 
'If they are going to make a network that is going to be a post-Ailes/post-Trump, it will be around Megyn Kelly, Chris Wallace and Shep Smith, and they are going to have to throw Hannity and O'Reilly overboard,' said Andrew Tyndall, a television-news consultant, of other hosts at the network. That isn't going to happen, promised Mr. Murdoch. 'We're not changing direction…that would be business suicide,' he said. Mr. O'Reilly's contract is also up at the end of next year, and Mr. Murdoch said, 'we're going to want Bill to stay with us.' Mr. Hannity's contract isn't up until 2020. Ms. Kelly has forged close ties to Mr. Murdoch's sons, particularly Lachlan Murdoch, who is co-executive chairman of Fox and has taken an active role in contract talks, people close to the situation said. 
Fox would like to settle this before the election and before Kelly's book is released, both of which could only strengthen her position in the negotiations if all goes well. 
From the The Power of Megyn Kelly's Feminism—Even if She Doesn't Call It That , by The Daily Beast's Tim Teeman : 
Imagine, then, her mix of satisfaction and maybe ennui as she scrolled across some of the praise-ridden screeds out today: 'How Megyn Kelly Became an Improbable Feminist Icon' (Vanity Fair); 'Megyn Kelly Has Become The Biggest Example of White Feminism At Work (Pajiba); and 'Aw Crap—Here's Proof That Megyn Kelly Is Kind of a Feminist Role Model Now' (The Stir). Note the grudging headlines. Because of Kelly's employer, and because she has not fought the good feminist fight in a conventional, left-wing context throughout her career to date, the F-word mantle is being conferred upon her with something of a scowl. This, in itself, reveals a kind of blinkeredness on the part of Kelly's critics: It is perfectly possible to work for a right-facing institution and not be 100 percent right wing yourself, or spout the prevailing dogma of the TV station you work for. (Full disclosure: I worked for The Times of London, a British, Rupert Murdoch-owned newspaper, for over 13 years.) 
Aside from the fact that when she tilts Right, she tends to tilt alt-right, the biggest knock on Kelly is that she's too hard-edged. Marshall McLuhan spoke of the Medium Cool of tee vee, but Kelly comes across as the opposite of warm and fuzzy . This makes her less attractive to other networks. She's hoping to change that impression when she co-hosts Live with Kelly Ripa (The Kelly & Kelly Show?) the morning after the election . Think of her as a designated hitter, trying to knock Murdoch's hardball right out of the park. 
STILL WATTERS STILL: A few weeks back FFF reported on a racist Watters World in which the White Privileged Pencil-Necked Geek made fun of Asians. This week Asian American groups meet with Fox News personnel over awful Jesse Watters segment : 
Paul Cheung, president of AAJA, told the Erik Wemple Blog that the meeting was 'productive.' 'I think they heard what the community's reactions are,' he said of the session at New York's Museum of Chinese in America. Approximately 130 Asian American 'groups and allies' have signed an open letter to Fox News regarding the unfortunate episode, said Cheung. Ron Kim, a New York state assemblyman in attendance, told this blog that a representative from 'The O'Reilly Factor' and a senior representative from the news side of the channel attended the meeting. Together they played a 'good cop, bad cop' routine, said Kim. 'The gentleman from O'Reilly's show was defending what they were doing and trying to explain that this is a part of the opinion section of Fox News and sometimes edgy humor can go too far,' said Kim. Once again, the specter of Fox News's vaunted news-opinion divide presents itself. As we've noted before, this is a convention borrowed from the newspaper industry to justify Fox News hosts such as Sean Hannity openly campaigning for Donald Trump, Steve Doocy of the morning show 'Fox & Friends' spreading harmful innuendo into the public square … and O'Reilly allowing his protege to spread racist stereotypes all about Chinatown.
ARTICLE

By Hrafnkell Haraldsson on Sat, Oct 29th, 2016 at 7:56 am "If she gets elected on November 8th, this isn't going away. So what needs to happen, special prosecutor? She can't investigate herself as the president-elect"   
President Barack Obama did not have to do anything wrong for Republicans to want to throw him in jail, or to impeach him. Hillary Clinton doesn't have to have done anything wrong either, apparently, for Congress to appoint a special prosecutor to take her down once elected – because a bunch of emails had nothing to do with her . 
At least, that and completely ignoring the facts, was the theme on Fox News last night, though to be fair, other mainstream media outlets weren't much better yesterday. 
Megyn Kelly, fresh from a stint of pretending to be a feminist in a face-off with Newt Gingrich, suggested to Chairman of the House Judiciary Committee Bob Goodlatte (R-WV) that given the FBI revelations of a complete lack of evidence that Hillary Clinton has done anything wrong, 'what needs to happen' is a special prosecutor. 
MEGYN KELLY : Let me ask you this. If she gets elected on November 8th, this isn't going away. So what needs to happen, [a] special prosecutor? She can't investigate herself as the president-elect. BOB GOODLATTE : Well, first of all, we have said from the outset that the House Judiciary Committee would follow the truth wherever it leads, and we have done that throughout the summer, asking a number of questions about how this investigation by the FBI was being conducted. We will continue to do that. We don't know what's going to happen now. We don't know what's going to happen after the election. So it's pure speculation what will happen afterwards. A special prosecutor, remember, is appointed by the Attorney General of the United States. So, you have to decide whether that's going to be a fairer investigation than the one being conducted by the FBI under the direction of Director Comey right now. And the Judiciary Committee will certainly stay engaged in this and continue our investigation. 
Democracy is a fragile thing. It is to Goodlatte's credit that he declined the call to draw up articles of impeachment in 2014 and that he cautioned Megyn Kelly that a special prosecutor is appointed not by the House but by the Attorney General. However, the GOP-led House has been far too engaged already in undermining our democracy. 
What holds this country together is an idea and an agreement among all parties that it works. Republicans have decided it only works if they're in charge, and this has brought us to the point where we threaten to jail our adversaries, appoint special prosecutors if they win, or vote to impeach them outright, as Trump's pet snake at CNN, Jeffrey Lord, called for last night : 
Two points, Anderson. One, with 11 days left, this makes Donald Trump's argument exactly to the point here, you sum up the argument in terms of her judgment, her paranoia and all of the rest. The second thing, Anderson is, and this is the really disturbing thing, let's just say for the sake of the argument she wins the election, this isn't going to stop. There will be a move to impeach her the moment her hand comes down from that Bible. This is going to go on and on and on and on and frankly, I mean that's something the American people need to consider now. 
It is not difficult to see where this will lead. Hillary Clinton has committed no crimes. Far from being a miscarriage of justice, though it is that as well, this is a miscarriage of reason and sanity. 
This sort of talk is just further evidence that Donald Trump comes from the same vile brew as Paul Ryan and Mitch McConnell and the rest of the party. During the McCarthy era, the House took it upon itself to be both judge and jury. Last night, it was Fox News egging the House on for more of the same. 
This sort of talk is deplorable, it is reprehensible, and it is dangerous – and strikes at the very heart of our democracy.
ARTICLE

By Sarah Jones on Sat, Oct 29th, 2016 at 1:56 pm On Saturday, the press began to figure out that they had been conned by Republicans again, but not before the Clinton email news lead in swing state newspapers. Share on Twitter Print This Post 
On Saturday, the press began to figure out that they had been conned by Republicans again, but not before the Clinton email news lead in swing state newspapers. 
The 'Clinton email' news leads in 'almost every single one of the big swing state papers this morning,' observes Politico reporter Gabriel Debenedetti. The Clinton email news leads almost every single one of the big swing state papers this morning … pic.twitter.com/t3rEOwHNmM 
— Gabriel Debenedetti (@gdebenedetti) October 29, 2016 
The 'FBI investigation!!!!' spread like wildfire last night. This is the result of the press, once again, taking Republican smoke and claiming there's fire. 
This observation isn't mine along. The Washington Post's Greg Sargent pointed out that there is only an upside and no penalty for doing this — for both Republicans and the press: This is how GOP hype-ahead-of-the-facts gets rewarded by media's willful perpetuation of smoke/fire effect. Zero penalty. Only upside. https://t.co/vm0ZLTrACL 
— Greg Sargent (@ThePlumLineGS) October 29, 2016 
Even though early polling shows there hasn't been an impact in swing states , and even though the majority of Americans have already made up their minds, each time her emails are brought up Hillary Clinton falls in the polls. 
A Gallup poll showed that 'emails' are the most Americans have heard about Clinton. Not that she is the most qualified candidate in modern history or how her policy on paid family leave might impact them — but the emails that she was already cleared on. 
Even though one result of the Comey letter has been to energize Clinton supporters , at a time when she was facing a likely win that can create complacency, this still isn't an acceptable practice. 
Republican FBI Director James Comey finds himself in the hot seat today after sending a letter that has no precedent, obviously would impact an election that was then just 11 days out and is now 10 days out, and actually bore no information– well, that's inaccurate. The letter bore inaccurate smoke and innuendo that has already been cleared, but the damage has already been done. 
While Ron Fournier and others suggested that Democratic objections to this unprecedented violation of the rules by Comey was just more partisan folly, the truth is even more disturbing. 
By even suggesting that objecting to violating a longstanding rule is partisan, we are allowing the press to enable Republicans to continue pretending there is no reality. 
In reality, no matter which side of the aisle you are on, it's a rule not to comment on ongoing investigations that could impact an election. The reasons for this are obvious and the potential ramifications for abuse are terrifying for both parties — for instance, it's obvious that the FBI is investigating the Trump campaign for coordination with Russia, but we don't headline that because the FBI hasn't commented on that, because… 
To do so would violate the rule not to interfere with elections. 
So it's really quite frightening to hear people claim objecting to violating this rule is partisan, even as the Trump campaign is benefiting from the adherence to said rule. If the rule applies to Donald Trump, it should apply to Hillary Clinton. 
Asking that this value be applied to both sides is not partisan. 
We must stick to reality. We must not allow our need to appear objective cause us to fall so far down the rabbit hole that we enable Republicans to keep drinking the no-fact Kool-Aid. 
The press did the Republican smoke is a real fire thing all through President Obama's terms, at one point claiming he was implicated in Benghazi emails because a reporter allowed a Republican aide to read him said emails — and of course, it turned out that the emails didn't say what the aide told the reporter. But that was learned much later and as everyone knows, a lie travels faster than the truth. 
And now American voters in swing states who read papers will think the FBI is investigating Clinton. 
So Comey's letter did damage Hillary Clinton. Even if she wins the election, the letter damaged her and down ballot Democrats. 
The media never learns. They take Republican smoke and innuendo and treat it as fact, every time. They look like fools to those who know there was no there in the Comey letter, but the average voter doesn't live for political updates. 
The irresponsible damage is done. 
The Media Got Suckered Into Buying The GOP's Bogus Clinton FBI Email Tale added by Sarah Jones on Sat, Oct 29th, 2016
ARTICLE

Share on Twitter Print This Post 
In a conference call with reporters, Hillary Clinton's campaign manager said that FBI Director Comey's letter is backfiring and energizing Clinton's volunteers to work harder and her supporters are voting in even bigger numbers. 
Clinton campaign chair John Podesta called Comey's letter long on innuendo, short on facts. Podesta said the more information that comes out, the more this seems overblown. Podesta went off on Rep. Jason Chaffetz for distorting the facts and undermining his own legitimacy by claiming that the investigation was reopened. Podesta said that Comey had provided selective information that allowed partisans to distort the facts. 
Podesta said there's no evidence of wrongdoing, no charge of wrongdoing. He said if all the media reports are true, about the investigation having nothing to do with Hillary Clinton, it's hard to see how this amounts to anything. 
Hillary Clinton's campaign chair called on Comey to provide answers to be public. 
Clinton campaign manager Robbie Mook said that the Comey letter is motivating Clinton volunteers and supporters: 
Based on the anecdotes I am hearing from out team on the ground, this situation has created an urgency and intensity among our volunteers and activists that was already high because we are so close to the election. Our volunteers are rallying around Hillary They know what a fighter she is. 
…. 
They are turning out, not only to have her back but to rally our supporters to turn out and vote, as early voting goes into full swing. We're not just seeing this in our offices, on the ground, but also in our online, in the online space as well. I think this is; we already had momentum and wind behind our back going into yesterday. I think that this has only increased the momentum that we're feeling among our activists on the ground. 
Later Mook suggested that the Comey letter is helping the Clinton campaign by adding fuel to their early voting fire. It is likely that the Comey letter will backfire on Republicans and motivate Democrats to get out and support their nominee. 
An early report from a pollster in two swing states saw no impact from the letter on voters. Hillary Clinton may end up benefiting from Comey's actions because the FBI Director might have gotten rid of the one thing that could have beaten her. 
With one written paragraph, James Comey may have destroyed Democratic complacency.
ARTICLE

By Sarah Jones on Sat, Oct 29th, 2016 at 12:03 pm Donald Trump uses sexual shaming and humiliation of women as simplistic revenge for the slightest felt spurn. A newly surfaced video via Ryan Grim shows the Trump Humiliation game in action, which I walk everyone through from the POV of the woman. Share on Twitter Print This Post 
If you're a woman who's worked in any business where you're forced to try to appease the massively sensitive ego of a sexually aggressive, vulgar man in power, you will know exactly what's about to happen in this video. 
Donald Trump uses sexual shaming and humiliation of women as simplistic revenge for the slightest felt spurn. And there's a newly surfaced video via Ryan Grim at Huffington Post that shows the Trump Humiliation game in action. 
In the video, Trump publicly sexualizes and shames the 2004 Miss Universe winner from Australia, Jennifer Hawkins as revenge. Before he does it, Trump tells the audience, 'Get even with people. If they screw you, screw them back 10 times as hard. I really believe that.' 
Watch this newly surfaced 2011 corporate speech here via Huffington Post (major trigger warning if you've been there): 
Watching this you see the Trump modus operandi in action. This is the sting felt by numerous women who report spurning Trump's advances. The harassment as revenge. The sexual shaming. 
Trump sets the audience up for the Roman Gladiator moment of public sexual offering by priming them with his belief that you should 'screw' people back if they 'screw' you. The sexually angry verb foreshadows what's to come, because he is going to 'screw' Jennifer Hawkins in public, when she realizes that because it's public, she can't further humiliate him by saying no or objecting without facing huge repercussions. 
Trump says he's going to give them an example of his revenge theory, 'Jennifer Hawkins.' 
Trump orders Hawkins to the stage. The audience cheers and jeers, delighting in the upcoming shaming of the beautiful girl. It's to be a public spanking. So much fun. 
'First of all, how beautiful is Jennifer,' Trump asks, claiming ownership of Jennifer as an object while playing magnanimous daddy who dishes out praise and approval before the spanking. The message: He can make or break her. She better play nice. 
Warning shot, 'This is about getting even.' 
Trump tells the audience that he was mad at Hawkins because she allegedly dissed him by declining to introduce him at the event in Sydney. He tells the audience how mad he was, and then says, as she's crossing the stage, 'She's my favorite Miss Universe.' So she thinks maybe this isn't going to be as bad as she fears. 
But then he stabs her publicly for the first time, 'But I think I like the new one better.' 
The audience loves it. He is going to feed them the sexual humiliation of a beautiful woman because she wasn't a good girl. She reaches him and they clasp hands while she smiles through the shame knowing she has no choice and wanting to be a good sport. 
Hawkins tries to make light of the situation while appeasing Trump, playing along with his game because she has to, but there will be no easy way out of this one. It won't be enough to fawn over him in front of the audience. She will have to pay. 
'I was actually going to get up and tell you that Jennifer is a beautiful girl on the outside, but she's not very bright,' Trump tells the audience, signaling that Hawkins is a piece of meat to be dissected by him publicly for her refusal to give him anything he asks for. 
'That wouldn't have been true, but I would have said it anyway,' Trump proudly tells the audience. This is his alpha male routine, except in real life, the alpha male doesn't have to abuse money and power he inherited in order to win the girl. But in the mind of little men like Trump, this makes him a winner. 
Trump points out that Hawkins is a big star now, but he helped her make it and then dissed him. He owns her. She must comply or face his wrath. Hawkins tries to say that she did introduce him, but Trump pushes her away from the microphone. This public shaming will be done from Trump's POV only. No need for Hawkins to assert her personhood.There will be no defense allowed, because she's already guilty. 
'And you know what? She came tonight, she came — came, she came, she came,' Trump says gleefully like the drunk pervy uncle everyone tries to avoid at Christmas. He waits for the audience to join him in his sexual shaming, and they do. They get it. Hee heee. So clever. Came. Knuckles dragging on the floor clever. 
'See, so they have the same filthy minds in Australia,' Trump says. 
Trump grabs Hawkins around the waist and forces a kiss on her, just like he bragged about doing on the Bush tape. 
Hawkins reflexively turns away and puts her arm between them. The kiss misses its mark and lands on her cheek. She is hoping this is good enough humiliation for him, but putting her foot down on actual mouth contact. She's allowed herself to be publicly humiliated to appease him, and pretended to fawn over him as required, but she will not, cannot, allow the kiss. The repulsive kiss. 
I'm telling this story as I imagine it to be from her point of view, although she has refused to comment. Of course she refused to comment, women are told they will be blackballed if they comment. The world is full of men like Trump, and they stick together. See Roger Ailes. Women have to play along and appease and if that doesn't work, they have to allow themselves to be sexually assaulted and humiliated just a little bit in public, especially if they said no in private. 
I can only do this because I have lived it, somewhat like this, in public. And I have tried to appease the ego of the assaulter in order to keep my job, while denying him his assumed entitlement to my body. 
From talking to so many women during this election, I know that I'm not alone. I know that many other women will watch this and know. They will feel the creep of fear and revulsion, the deer in the headlights cringe that takes over when you know that you are about to be humiliated as a sexual object because you refused him or refused to appease the ego of the powerful man in charge by behaving like a sexual conquest. How dare Hawkins have her own life and be unwilling to change all of her plans in order to introduce Trump. 
And other people will watch this humiliation and enjoy it, setting you up to be humiliated even more. They will laugh about it and gossip about it, which is the social punishment women face when they reject a man like Trump. Ironically, if you give in you're not humiliated. It's only if you say no that you are set up to be publicly flogged as a sex object. 
It's not just the unwanted kiss, although that is disgusting and assault, much like Donald Trump bragged about doing on the Billy Bush bus tape. It's the public humiliation and denigration. 
It's the way the woman is forced, in front of thousands of people, to try to smile her way through his ambush of verbal and physical assaults as he takes revenge. 
It's the way she tries to make it okay, to sweet-smooth his ego in order to get out of the line of fire, and in return he shames her by suggesting he made her 'come' and then grabs her for an unwanted kiss. 
If there is any good to come out of the total crapfest of the Trump candidacy, perhaps it is a raised awareness that women are people, and that this kind of thing is horrific but it's not all Trump's fault. It's the culture's fault because it takes a willing audience to successfully publicly sexually shame a woman. 
In fact, this is shades of what Trump did to Hillary Clinton in the stalking debate, after which he announced that looking at her from behind he was not impressed. 
Neither are we by you, Mr. Trump. Neither are we.
ARTICLE

A pollster who is in the field in two swing states is reporting that he is seeing no early impact from the FBI reviewing new emails in the Hillary Clinton investigation in two swing states. 
Geoff Garin of Hart Research tweeted from the field: Still early, but I was in the field in two states last night and saw absolutely no impact from the reporting on the Comey letter. 
— Geoff Garin (@geoffgarin) October 29, 2016 
It is still early, but if this were the election shifting news that Republicans were hoping for the impact would have been immediate. The reality is that if the public opinion polls tighten in the final days of the campaign, it will be because Republicans are coming back to Trump. 
There are few undecided voters in this election, and even if all the Republican base come home to Trump, it won't be enough for Trump to win, because he is losing where the presidential election is really held. Trump is getting crushed at the state level. 
Republicans have been trying to build Hillary Clinton's emails into a story for years, and they have failed at every turn. 
Hillary Clinton led the election while under Congressional investigation. Hillary Clinton led the election while under FBI investigation. Hillary Clinton is leading the election today. The message that Republicans and the media don't want to hear is that voters are sick of the emails, and they don't care. 
Voters are smarter than Republicans and the press give them credit for. The Hillary Clinton email scandal has never broken out of the right wing bubble because there is no evidence that Clinton did anything wrong. 
If the polls tighten a little, this will be the best news in the world for Hillary Clinton and Democrats, because it will destroy any potential for Democratic complacency and get their voters out and to the polls. 
What Geoff Garin witnessed is probably going to end up being very accurate. James Comey's letter to Congress is unlikely to move swing states and change the outcome of the presidential election.
ARTICLE

Share on Twitter Print This Post 
The FBI is examining how a Hillary Clinton aide handled emails. The examination has nothing to do with the Democratic nominee, her emails, or her email server. 
According to Newsweek's Kurt Eichenwald, the 'scandal' is related to the process Clinton aide Huma Abedin used to print out emails for the then secretary of state to read. 
Eichenwald reported: Because Clinton preferred to read documents on paper rather than on a screen, emails and other files were often printed out and provided to her either at her office or home, where they were delivered in a diplomatic pouch by a security agent. Abedin, like many State Department officials, found the government network technology to be cumbersome, and she had great trouble printing documents there, investigative records show. As a result, she sometimes transferred emails from her unclassified State Department account to either her Yahoo account or her account on Clinton's server, and printed the emails from there. It is not clear whether she ever transferred official emails to the account she used for her husband's campaign. 
Abedin would use this procedure for printing documents when she received emails she believed Clinton needed to see and when the Secretary forwarded emails to her for printing. Abedin told the FBI she would often print these emails without reading them. Abedin printed a large number of emails this way, in part because, investigative records show, other staff members considered her Clinton's 'gatekeeper' and often sent Abedin electronic communications they wanted the Secretary to see. 
The entire scandal is about how emails were printed. It has nothing to do with how Hillary Clinton handled emails or classified information. The investigation is related to how an aide printed emails for Hillary Clinton to read. No wonder Comey didn't provide more details in his letter to Congress. The details of what is being examined are an embarrassment to the FBI. 
There is no evidence that Clinton's aide committed a crime. For the printing of the emails to be deemed criminal, there must be evidence that Abedin intended to leak classified information. There remains zero evidence of criminal activity. 
The FBI examination of new emails is turning out to be one of the most overblown red herrings of the 2016 election , and Comey's behavior is a disgrace to the US intelligence community. 
The new information destroys Republican hopes that the new emails were the game changer that could save them from defeat . Republicans may spend the remaining days pushing the emails, but their behavior will be the hallmark of a desperate party that is facing a crushing defeat. 
The emails won't change anything in 2016, but they will give Congressional Republicans a reason to keep investigating Hillary Clinton in 2017 and beyond. In other words, James Comey is already delegitimizing Hillary Clinton's potential presidency.
ARTICLE

Trump warned his supporters that the US Postal Service is trying to steal the election for Hillary Clinton in Colorado. 
Video: 
At a rally in Golden, CO, Trump said: 
I have real problems with ballots being sent. Does that make sense? 
Like people saying, 'Oh, here's a ballot. Here's another ballot. Throw it away. Oh, here's one I like. We'll keep that one.' 
I have real problems, so get your ballots in. 
Trump also accused election officials of throwing away ballots, as his rally was a mixture of claims of voter fraud and baseless speculation about Hillary Clinton's emails. 
Donald Trump appears to be losing his mind. He also seems to think that accusing the US Postal Service and election officials of stealing the election for Hillary Clinton is going to motivate Republicans to vote. 
Consider the contradiction in Trump's message. The Republican nominee tells his supporters that the US Postal Service is throwing away ballots, while at the same time he is urging them to mail in their ballots. 
If their ballots are going to be thrown away by USPS, why should Republicans bother mailing their ballots in? 
It is this sort of incoherent gibberish that makes no sense. Trump's inability to stay disciplined and on message is also one of the biggest reasons why Republicans on pace to lose this election. 
Donald Trump's descent into paranoid senior citizen continues to play out in front of the entire nation, as the Republican nominee for president believes that his letter carrier is out to get him,
ARTICLE

By Rmuse on Sat, Oct 29th, 2016 at 3:23 pm He is taking the conspiracy theories and obstruction that dogged his presidency from day one and throwing them back in Republicans' faces.   *The following is an opinion column by R Muse* 
Although this campaign season has been interesting, to say the least, there is something happening one never thought would occur. After spending nearly eight years demonizing, obstructing, and criticizing every and anything about the President of the United States, Republicans desperate to save their jobs are beginning to tout their ' imagined ' close ties to the Democratic President whose approval rating and popularity are growing. 
It is hypocritical, to say the least, and at some point a result of a toxic Republican candidate for the presidency, but for some GOP candidates it is a very dangerous strategy. If any Republican believed President Obama would allow them to take advantage of him after spending eight years assailing him as illegitimate and corrupt, they were sadly mistaken and underestimated the commander in chief's tolerance during an election. 
The President is using the final two weeks before the election to decimate Republicans for either ' belated rejection ' or continued support of Donald Trump. President Obama is also reminding Republicans that ' Donald Trump is the endpoint of eight years of [GOP] toxic hostility .' It may be a tad of an exaggeration to claim that ' Obama seems determined to spend the last two weeks of the election laying waste to every Republican who ever crossed him ,' but he is getting some well-placed and well-warranted shots at Republicans. 
Two Republican hypocrites hoping to take advantage of the President's approval ratings have been some of his harshest critics; so it likely stunned the President that they are boasting working closely with the man they obstructed, opposed, and attempted to get rid of. 
Ohio Senator Rob Portman had the temerity to run a campaign ad boasting about working closely with the President 'to break the grip of heroin addiction.' President Obama took the time to excoriate Portman for, 
' Finally withdrawing his support from Donald Trump ,' but only ' After looking at the polling. Now that it's politically expedient. But he has supported him up until last week? So I guess it was OK when Trump was attacking minorities, and suggesting that Mexicans were rapists … and insulting Gold Star moms, making fun of disabled Americans. I guess that didn't quite tip it over the edge. Why was that OK? And now he says he will vote for the vice-presidential nominee instead, except that guy still supports Donald Trump. ' 
The President was a little more exercised after learning that the man who called the President ' one of the most corrupt presidents in modern times,' California Republican Representative Daryl Issa, is sending out campaign mailers with the President's face on them and boasting about his close work with President Obama ' to protect victims of sexual assault .' 
Daryl Issa is in a fairly competitive race compared to past elections and he certainly has earned the President's wrath after obstructing progress and wasting taxpayer money on Issa-created scandals. During a fundraiser in La Jolla California Sunday last, the President assailed Issa for having the audacity to use a campaign mailer with the President's image on it. The President said, 
' Issa's primary contribution to the United States Congress has been to obstruct and to waste taxpayer dollars on trumped-up investigations that have led nowhere. This is now a guy who, because poll numbers are bad, has sent out brochures with my picture on them touting his cooperation on issues with me. Now that is the definition of chutzpah.' 
As remarked by Tim Murphy at Mother Jones, President Obama is not just evening up the score with Republicans who made his tenure miserable, ' He is attempting to have the last word on the personal and political fights of the last eight years—to take the conspiracy theories and obstruction that dogged his presidency from day one and throw them back in Republicans' faces .' 
The President clearly has a lot of ' words ' to harangue Republicans with. He said , 
' Here's the thing. For years, Republican politicians and the far-right media outlets have pumped up all kinds of crazy stuff about me. About Hillary. About Harry. They said I wasn't born here. They said climate change is a hoax. They said that I was going to take everybody's guns away! They said that while we were doing military exercises that we've been doing forever, suddenly this was a plot to impose martial law. This is what they've been saying for years now! So people have been hearing it they start thinking well maybe it's true! And if the world they've been seeing is I'm powerful enough to cause hurricanes on my own and to steal everybody's guns in the middle of the night and impose martial law—even though I can't talk without a 'prompter—then is it any wonder that they end up nominating somebody like Donald Trump? 
And the fact is that there are a lot of politicians who knew better. There are a lot of senators who knew better but they went along with these stories because they figured you know what this'll help rile up the base, it'll give us an excuse to obstruct what we're trying to do, we won't be able to appoint judges, we'll gum up the works, we'll create gridlock, it'll give us a political advantage. So they just stood by and said nothing and their base began to actually believe this stuff. So Donald Trump did not start this. Donald Trump didn't start it, he just did what he always did which is slap his name on it, take credit for it, and promote it. That's what he always does. And so now, when suddenly it's not working and people are saying wow this guy's kind of out of line, all of a sudden these Republican politicians who were okay with all this crazy stuff up to a point suddenly they're all walking away. Oh, this is too much. So when you finally get him on tape bragging about actions that qualify as sexual assault and his poll numbers go down, suddenly that's a deal-breaker. Well what took you so long! What the heck! What took you so long! All these years!' 
The Mother Jones piece made out like President Obama is seeking retribution, or ' revenge ' against Republicans for their impropriety as legislators over the past eight years. Without knowing what goes on in the President's head to motivate his campaign rhetoric; that is a hard call to make with any surety. Barack Obama does not strike one as being vindictive. 
The President is, though, an accomplished campaigner and as his tenure in the White House is winding down and Republicans are struggling to find an identity apart from Donald Trump, it is prudent of the President to remind voters exactly what Republicans are about and what they are about is precisely why Donald Trump is their standard bearer; and why Republicans are hypocrites for both abandoning Trump and embracing the man they obstructed and tried to remove from the White House.
ARTICLE

By Hrafnkell Haraldsson on Sat, Oct 29th, 2016 at 4:05 pm 'You do know you just attacked a Gold Star family?' one adviser warned Trump. "What's that?" he asked. Share on Twitter Print This Post 
Gabriel Sherman writes at New York Mag that when Donald Trump attacked the Khan family over Khizr Khan's speech at the Democratic National Convention, he had no idea what a Gold Star family was. 
You will remember that Khizr Khan stood up in front of the entire world and said to Donald Trump, 'Let me ask you, 'Have you even read the United States Consitution?' I will gladly lend you my copy. In this document, look for the words 'liberty' and 'equal protection of the law.'' 
The fallout was predictable. Donald Trump, openly criticized, lost it. He attacked the Khan's religious beliefs, saying 'If you look at his wife, she was standing there. She had nothing to say. She probably, maybe she wasn't allowed to have anything to say.' 
Now it turns out that he had no idea what he was doing. Because he is ignorant, and because, as Mark Cuban has observed, he isn't interested in learning anything. Gabriel Sherman explains: 
'You do know you just attacked a Gold Star family?' one adviser warned Trump. Trump didn't know what a Gold Star family was: 'What's that?' he asked. To Trump, Khizr Khan and his wife, Ghazala, were enemies who had said something mean about him, just like Rosie O'Donnell and any number of people who had gotten under his skin over the years. Wasn't it his right to respond? ' 'The election is about the American people, it's not about you,' ' Manafort told Trump, according to a person briefed on the conversation. Trump countered with Breitbart's report on Khan's purported belief in Sharia. ' 'He's not running for president,' ' Manafort shot back. ' 'The Clintons did this to us to waste our time getting off message.' ' 
Of course, Trump could not and would not admit his own ignorance and he certainly wasn't prepared to take the blame. Instead, as Sherman reveals, he 'took it out on Manafort in front of his senior advisors, including Ailes.' According to Trump, Manafort wasn't 'able to get the media to focus on the right stuff.' 
No wonder, when Trump refuses to take Manafort's advice and focus on the right stuff. This is not to defend Manafort, who is at least as despicable as his boss, but it serves as an example of how Trump's first reaction each and every time is to get back at his critic. 
It was one of Donald Trump's most visible Joe McCarthy moments, and his response to Khizr Khan actually reinforced the point Khan was trying to make. 
Stopping and thinking are foreign to him. And if you are not astonished by the appalling ignorance on display here, you should not be. This is all in keeping with a party that prides itself on ignorance rather than facts.
ARTICLE

By Rmuse   7:57 pm "If the party doesn't learn lessons and change based on what's gone on for the last year and a half, I think it's going to be just catastroph[ic]."   *The following is an opinion column by R Muse* 
It may be the understatement of the year to say the Republican Party is on the verge of a full-on civil war, and it may be obvious to many Americans that the blame for the inter-party discord is its standard bearer Donald J. Trump. However much Trump's candidacy has contributed to the tensions between establishment types terrified of Trump's reckless disregard for the longevity of the party and rebellion-minded Trump supporters, the real instigators are the Koch brothers. 
Although the oil magnates were never on the Trump bandwagon, they are responsible for the Trump loyalists within the GOP who were part of the teabagger movement intent on disrupting the nation's political system and indeed, the workings of government itself. The tea party caucus, an extremist sect that succeeded in chasing former House Speaker John A. Boehner out of Congress, morphed into the inaptly- named Freedom caucus that has embraced Trump are set to set fire to the party establishment and it isn't solely to put current Speaker Paul Ryan out of a job, although that is high on the Trump supporters' to-do list. 
As noted in Wednesday's New York Times, ' Mr. Trump's supporters said they were determined to harness the anti-establishment energy that Mr. Trump had catalyzed and to refocus it on the Republican leadership in Congress — a target many of them seem…eager to take down .' 
The right-wing extremist that actually ' took down ' former House Majority Leader Eric Cantor, conservative extremist and House Freedom Caucus member David Brat, issued a warning to establishment Republicans: 
' There's a huge chunk of people who want to see a fight taken to D.C. Leadership comes and smacks our guy? That's where you're going to put down a marker? Really? And the American people are just scratching their head saying, 'Really? That's rich .'' 
Brat has been a thorn in the establishment's side since Paul Ryan became Speaker and he joins a dangerous number of ' real conservatives ' who cannot understand or comport with Ryan and establishment leaders who dared criticize Trump instead of using their majority advantage to go after Hillary Clinton. 
Donald Trump and a few of his ' senior aides ' are prodding extremist conservatives to revolt against the establishment leadership after the election for not defending Trump. In fact, besides assailing Ryan for not sticking by Trump, it is reported that Trump said privately that Ryan should be made to pay a heavy price for disloyalty to the Trump candidacy. And, during an interview with Reuters he complained that ' The people are very angry with the leadership of this party, because this is an election that we will win, 100 percent, if we had support from the top .' Win or lose, there is going to be a major blood-letting after the election and the establishment, although powerful, may face a Herculean task to save the party. 
This impending conflict within the GOP has been brewing longer than Donald Trump has been a candidate and it may be why he brought on an experienced anti-establishment devotee to run his campaign. The chairman of Breitbart News, Stephen Bannon, had made it one of his primary goals to get Paul Ryan out as House Speaker because he is not a 'true conservative' intent on tearing government down to restructure it into an uber-conservative paradise. And 'uber-conservative' is just a different way of saying a ' non-government ' according to the Koch brothers' vision of American libertarianism. Don't believe it? 
Two groups closely aligned with the Koch brothers, Heritage Action for America and FreedomWorks , have been pushing Republicans as a Party to adopt more extremist positions and see the civil war as a stellar opportunity to have greater influence over the party's decisions; something establishment types are resisting. 
Over the past few days, leaders of both Koch groups joined extremist conservatives in calling to delay a vote on selecting a candidate to be the next, or new, speaker of the House; something typically occurring directly after the general election in November regardless the outcome. 
According to the chief executive of Heritage Action, Michael Needham, there is going to be Hell to pay for establishment Republicans if they don't bend to the will of the extremist wing created by the Kochs and heavily courted by Donald Trump. Mr. Needham said, 
' If the party doesn't learn lessons and change based on what's gone on for the last year and a half, I think it's going to be just catastrophe .' 
Another conservative extremist, House Freedom Caucus member and ardent Donald Trump supporter echoed Needham's sentiment and said, ' You can't ignore what millions and millions of people have expressed in this election cycle. ' 
The dilemma for Republicans after the election, no matter the outcome, is maintaining a semblance of stability as a political party. That doesn't seem likely because if Trump loses, big or small, the extremists will unleash whatever level of Hell they can muster on the establishment for daring to criticize any of Trump's more outrageous and dangerous comments on the stump. If Trump wins, the extremists will be emboldened to purge the party of any disloyal establishment types and it appears that no matter what happens on November 8, it will not be the end of hostilities among Republicans. 
The Republican Party establishment is in for a reckoning with an extremist wing that was once content threatening the full faith and credit of the United States or shutting down the government as a show of anger. After four years of internal bickering over what it means to be a true conservative, and the past year-and-a-half of incitement by Donald Trump, the Republican Party faces a serious threat to its long-term survival. It is a threat that began about six years ago when the Koch brothers ushered in an age of extremist conservatives that Donald Trump took advantage of to seize control of the Republican Party.
ARTICLE

By Reuters   7:16 pm Heading into the homestretch of the presidential campaign, Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton is looking to harness some celebrity star power to help get out the vote and energize volunteers in battleground states.   
By Roberta Rampton 
DAYTONA BEACH, Fla. (Reuters) – Heading into the homestretch of the presidential campaign, Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton is looking to harness some celebrity star power to help get out the vote and energize volunteers in battleground states. 
Jennifer Lopez will headline a free concert for Clinton supporters in Miami on Saturday, giving the former secretary of state a chance to connect with the key demographic of millennials she has sometimes struggled to reach – and some visual counter-programming to the latest email controversy to roil her race for the White House. 
The Federal Bureau of Investigation said on Friday it is investigating more emails as part of a probe into Clinton's use of a private email system – a late-breaking surprise that will likely continue to get extensive media play leading up to the Nov. 8 vote 
Celebrity-driven events like the concert 'can serve as a bit of a distraction' from the controversy, said Eric Kasper, a political scientist at the University of Wisconsin-Eau Claire. 
'It is a way to kind of take the edge off things because it tends to be more positive,' Kasper said. 
The JLo concert is the first in a series. Next week, Clinton will take the stage with Jay Z in Cleveland, and then with Katy Perry in Philadelphia on Nov. 5. 
A Harvard University poll this week showed that among likely voters aged 18 to 29, Clinton is leading Republican rival Donald Trump, a celebrity in his own right who starred in the reality television show 'The Apprentice.' 
But turnout is a concern. The exceptionally negative tone of this year's race for the White House has soured young Americans on politics, Reuters/Ipsos polling shows. 
Presidential candidates have long sought to create buzz with help from celebrity pals, said Tevi Troy, who chronicled the strategy in his book 'What Jefferson Read, Ike Watched, and Obama Tweeted: 200 Years of Pop Culture in the White House.' 
'Campaigns do it to reach out to people who are not necessarily interested in politics but are interested in pop culture,' said Troy, a presidential historian who worked in the George W. Bush White House. 
The events are like a larger version of a campaign yard sign, a way to show a 'groundswell' of support behind a candidate – and a way to appeal to fans of the musicians, said Kasper, who has studied the intersection between pop culture and politics. 
'It can create a kind of psychological connection that we otherwise might not have when a politician endorses a presidential candidate, for instance,' Kasper said. 
(Reporting by Roberta Rampton; Editing by Leslie Adler) 
Concert plus campaign: Clinton turns to celebrities in homestretch added by Reuters on Sat, Oct 29th, 2016
ARTICLE

By Reuters   6:34 pm Democrat Hillary Clinton's top aides on Saturday lashed out at FBI Director James Comey for igniting a new controversy over a long-running private email investigation less than two weeks before the presidential election, saying there was no evidence of wrongdoing and accusing him of spreading "innuendo."   
By Roberta Rampton and Steve Holland 
DAYTONA BEACH, Fla./GOLDEN, Colo. (Reuters) – Democrat Hillary Clinton's top aides on Saturday lashed out at FBI Director James Comey for igniting a new controversy over a long-running private email investigation less than two weeks before the presidential election, saying there was no evidence of wrongdoing and accusing him of spreading 'innuendo.' 
Comey, who has headed the Federal Bureau of Investigation since 2013, notified the U.S. Congress on Friday that the agency is again reviewing emails, even though in July it decided not to seek prosecution of Clinton for her handling of classified materials on a private email server while she was secretary of state. 
John Podesta, who heads Clinton's presidential campaign, told reporters that Comey's letter to Congress was 'light on facts, heavy on innuendo,' and he urged Comey to 'come forward and give those answers to the American public' about the exact nature of the FBI's latest review of emails. 
Sources close to the investigation on Friday said the latest emails were discovered as part of a separate probe into Anthony Weiner, the estranged husband of top Clinton aide Huma Abedin. 
Weiner, a former U.S. congressman from New York, is the target of an FBI investigation into illicit text messages he is alleged to have sent to a 15-year-old girl in North Carolina. 
With the Nov. 8 elections quickly approaching, Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump pounded away at the new FBI development, devoting a large part of a campaign speech in Golden, Colorado, to attacking Clinton and arguing that she is not to be trusted with the presidency. 
'Her criminal action was willful, deliberate, intentional and purposeful,' Trump said, standing in front of hay bales stacked in a horse barn. 'Hillary set up an illegal server for the obvious purpose of shielding her illegal actions from public disclosure and exposure.' 
Comey, however, has not provided any details on whether the emails now under review are being seen for the first time by the FBI or the nature of their contents. 
Clinton's campaign tried to play down the new review. 'There's no evidence of wrongdoing, no charge of wrongdoing,' Podesta said, in the FBI's latest announcement that it was taking 'appropriate investigative steps' after learning of emails 'that appear to be pertinent' to the earlier probe. 
Clinton campaign manager Robby Mook, trying to tamp down speculation of a voter backlash this late in the campaign, said Americans had already 'factored' what they knew about the email investigation into how they would cast their ballots. 
'We don't see it changing the landscape' for undecided voters, Mook said. 
Clinton aides also said this latest controversy has further energized her supporters. 
Clinton was campaigning in Florida on Saturday, a battleground state that many analysts say Trump must win in order to have any chance of being elected. 
In recent weeks, Trump has been running behind Clinton in most public opinion polls. 
Justice Department officials, according to a source who asked not to be identified, were opposed to the FBI director's letter being sent to Congress and believe his actions conflict with a Justice Department memo outlining instructions that agencies should not to act in ways that could influence elections. 
While Attorney General Loretta Lynch did not discuss the matter directly with Comey, the source said aides were in touch with each other. 
Comey let it be known he felt he had to send the letter as a follow-up to his congressional testimony earlier this year regarding the FBI's probe of Clinton's emails, the source said. 
Meanwhile, Clinton supporters rallied to her defense following Friday's FBI disclosure. 
The Congressional Black Caucus, comprised of about 45 members of the House of Representatives, nearly all Democrats, held a news conference in Columbus, Ohio, and urged Comey to release more details. 
(Reporting by Steve Holland in Golden, Colorado, ans Roberta Rampton in Daytona Beach, Florida; Additional reporting by Mark Hosenball in Washington; Writing by Richard Cowan; Editing by James Dalgleish and Leslie Adlerand Leslie Adler) 
Clinton campaign urges FBI to detail new developments in email case added by Reuters on Sat, Oct 29th, 2016
ARTICLE

By Reuters   5:51 pm Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton leads Republican Donald Trump by 15 percentage points among early voters surveyed in the past two weeks, according to the Reuters/Ipsos States of the Nation project.   
By Maurice Tamman 
NEW YORK (Reuters) – With 11 days to go before the U.S. presidential election, Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton leads Republican Donald Trump by 15 percentage points among early voters surveyed in the past two weeks, according to the Reuters/Ipsos States of the Nation project. 
Though data is not available for all early voting states, Clinton enjoys an edge in swing states such as Ohio and Arizona and in Republican Party strongholds such as Georgia and Texas. 
An estimated 19 million Americans have voted so far in the election, according to the University of Florida's United States Election Project, accounting for as much as 20 percent of the electorate. 
Overall, Clinton remained on track to win a majority of votes in the Electoral College, the Reuters/Ipsos survey showed. 
Having so many ballots locked down before the Nov. 8 election is good news for the Clinton campaign. On Friday, the Federal Bureau of Investigation announced that it is examining newly discovered emails belonging to Clinton's close aide, Huma Abedin. Those emails were found on a computer belonging to Anthony Weiner, Abedin's estranged husband, during an unrelated investigation into illicit messages he is alleged to have sent to a teenage girl. The Reuters/Ipsos survey was conducted before the news emerged Friday afternoon. 
It remains unclear whether the FBI inquiry will upset the balance in the race. The bureau disclosed nothing about the Abedin emails, including whether any of the messages were sent by or to Clinton. Over the summer, the FBI said it was closing its investigation into Clinton's use of a private email system while secretary of state. Until Friday, her campaign seemed to have weathered the initial FBI email probe. 
Clinton has held a lead averaging four to seven percentage points in polls in recent weeks as the Trump campaign wrestled with accusations by women of groping and other sexual advances. Trump has said none of the accusations are true. He also struggled in the recent presidential debates and faced questions about his taxes. 
As of Thursday, Clinton's odds of receiving the 270 Electoral College votes needed to win the presidency remained at greater than 95 percent, according to State of the Nation polling results released Saturday. The project estimated she would win by 320 votes to 218, with 278 votes solidly for the Democrat. 
Clinton's lead among early voters is similar to the lead enjoyed by President Barack Obama over Republican Mitt Romney at this point of the 2012 race, according to a Reuters/Ipsos poll taken at the time. Obama won the election by 332 electoral votes to Romney's 206. 
But even before the latest email news, it had been a difficult week for Clinton. News coverage of Trump's accusers had diminished, while Clinton confronted the almost daily release by WikiLeaks of emails purportedly hacked from her campaign manager's account. This week's leaked messages raised questions about former President Bill Clinton's finances. 
And her lead in the States of the Nation project fell slightly from last week. Though the projected Electoral College votes hardly moved, the number of states solidly for Clinton slid from 25 to 20 this week. Trump didn't see any additional states tilt solidly to him, but he did see some gains: The swing states of Pennsylvania, Colorado, Iowa and Nevada all moved from leaning to Clinton to being too close to call. 
Still, Trump's path to a victory is narrow, and any realistic chance rests on his winning Ohio, North Carolina and Florida. As of Thursday, Ohio remained a toss-up. Florida and North Carolina were still tilting toward Clinton, according to the States of the Nation results. 
Early voting data for Florida and North Carolina was not yet available this week. In Ohio, Clinton led Trump by double digits among early voters. The project's broader polling suggests the state is deadlocked between the two candidates. 
In Arizona, Clinton also was solidly ahead among early voters. In the past month, Arizona has gradually moved from a solid Trump state to a marginal Clinton state, although it is still too close to call, according to the project results. 
In Georgia, she enjoyed a similar lead among early voters. Overall, Georgia leans to Trump, but his lead narrowed to five percentage points this week, down from eights points last week and 13 points a month ago. 
Even in Texas, where Trump enjoys a sizable lead, Clinton has a double-digit edge among early voters, according to project results. 
The States of the Nation project is a survey of about 15,000 people every week in all 50 states plus Washington D.C. State by state results are available by visiting http://www.reuters.com/statesofthenation/ 
(Editing by James Dalgleish) 
Hillary Clinton enjoys solid lead in early voting: Reuters/Ipsos poll added by Reuters on Sat, Oct 29th, 2016
ARTICLE

By Hrafnkell Haraldsson   5:12 pm Trump sat on the stage, "looking for all the world like an honored donor to the cause," and then got up and left without leaving a donation   
Not only is Donald Trump a liar and a thin-skinned crybaby, but he is selfish, never spending his own money when he can spend somebody else's. This behavior was never more in evidence than The Washington Post 's David Fahrenthold's account of a 1996 a ribbon-cutting held by the Association to Benefit Children for a nursery school, when Donald Trump showed up, sat down to appear to be a great supporter, and then left without leaving a donation: 
As Sopan Deb tweeted , 
— Sopan Deb (@SopanDeb) October 29, 2016 
Frank and Kathie Lee Gifford were big donors and it is no wonder Gifford was so shocked by Trump's presence. What had been exposed is that Trump's life is a sham, a gigantic show put on by him in which he parades through life pretending to be something he is not. 
As Fahrenthold explains , 
For as long as he has been rich and famous, Donald Trump has also wanted people to believe he is generous. He spent years constructing an image as a philanthropist by appearing at charity events and by making very public — even nationally televised — promises to give his own money away. It was, in large part, a facade. A months-long investigation by The Washington Post has not been able to verify many of Trump's boasts about his philanthropy. 
That philanthropist isn't the real Trump. The only person Trump visibly cares about is Donald Trump. He uses his Foundation to buy himself nice things, spending other peoples' money for luxury items and collectibles. When he does make donations, it is again, because he gives no money to his own Foundation, with other peoples' money. 
Fahrenthold says that the only donation of Trump's own money the paper could find from the period of 2008 to today, is a $10,000 'gift to the Police Athletic League of New York City, in 2009.' 
For a man as rich as Trump claims to be, $10,000 in eight years is nothing to brag about. Not that this stops the monumental, deadbeat hypocrite that is Donald Trump from bragging anyway.
ARTICLE

By Hrafnkell Haraldsson on Sat, Oct 29th, 2016 at 8:41 pm "That fog that's on Christians is the collective witchcraft that comes over the Body of Christ because there's spirits being authorized to be released"   
Coming from people who believe in something called 'spiritual warfare'– a nebulous spiritual struggle taking place over and above all the talk about issues and policy positions – it is perhaps no surprise that the Religious Right should declare that their messiah – Donald Trump – is being threatened with witchcraft. 
Lance Wallnau, whose Twitter page claims to be 'Your Spiritual Warfare Guide to the 2016 Election,' appeared on 'The Jim Bakker Show' to push the crazy idea that 'many Christians feel this fog on their head at times' and 'that fog that's on Christians is the collective witchcraft that comes over the Body of Christ because there's spirits being authorized to be released.' 
Watch courtesy of Right Wing Watch: 
Oh sweet baby Jesus, the mighty Lance has struck out. What has happened, of course, is that the Religious Right not only endorsed but anointed a candidate who embodies the exact opposite of the values they claim to champion. It's no wonder they feel in a fog . Metaphorically or physically, they're selling their souls. 
Wallnau claims 'The left is a smaller number of radicals better organized than the larger body of Christ who doesn't work together,' and 'That's the dilemma that America's in right now,' even though the left is a disparate alliance of various groups working together and the Religious Right has been organizing since Goldwater lost in '64 . 
A hypocrite just can't catch a break, it seems: 
The web literally is coming down on America. And what's sad is, how many Christians feel this fog on their head at times? Do you feel that? It's almost like everything's going wrong. We don't realize it's a remnant operating strategically through organizations that are intent on shifting the American culture and discipling the country. And that fog that's on Christians is the collective witchcraft that comes over the Body of Christ because there's spirits being authorized to be released. 
Wherever there's agreement, there's power. The more unbelievers agree with the narrative that they're hearing, the more power and authorization Satan has to manifest. So unless the church has an exposure of what the enemy's doing and begins to agree together with a counter-strategy, we're going to deal with more and more fog. And the worst part is—we don't have to surrender nations to the devil. 
So if you disagree with Wallnau, if you oppose Trump, it can only because you're manifesting the power of Satan (who in the Old Testament is God's lieutenant, not his adversary). So pick your Testament, I suppose. 
Lance Wallnau insists he is 'not a big conspiracy theorist buff,' but this doesn't do anything to convince us he's not some wack-a-doodle instead. This is nothing new, as a non-Christian being told that you represent a 'devil' you don't even believe exists. 
There are 2,000 years of history backing up the accusation and testifying to its usefulness for religious zealots hoping to delegitimize (or worse) their opponents. 
Without charges of Satanism and witchcraft, you don't have the genocide of European and Middle Eastern Paganism; you don't have anti-Jewish pogroms; and you don't have the Crusades or the Spanish Inquisition; you don't have witch-burnings. 
What this sort of nonsense illustrates for liberals and progressives is that we're not fighting on the same battleground as our opponents. 
Not only do they deal in a conspiracy-laden world, a world free of facts, but a world in which what might be hiding under your bed or in your closet has real power and reason – and let's go ahead and say sanity – do not. 
Let's face it: Donald Trump's biggest enemy is not Satan, but Donald Trump himself. And Wallnau can claim 'believers have an edge' all they want, but all the belief in the world won't overturn reality.
ARTICLE

On Meet The Press, Clinton campaign manager Robbie Mook said that early voting is so strong for Democrats in Nevada that Hillary Clinton could build an insurmountable lead this week. 
Video: 
Chuck Todd asked Mook if he believed the email story could cost Clinton the election. 
He answered: 
I don't think so. Look, as I said, we have over 50,000 volunteers out there. We're seeing record early voting numbers in North Carolina, Florida. Look, I would wager in Nevada turnout is so strong among Democrats there Hillary could build an insurmountable lead in the coming days in Nevada. We're feeling really good about this record turnout. Over 200 million people in our country now registered to vote. Fifty million of those are young people. We're just nose to the grindstone, and we're going to finish this out. But people should not take anything for granted, and we're going to have to work hard to earn this.' 
Hillary Clinton could put Nevada out of reach for Trump this week, but whether or not that happens is up to the voters. If Democrats continue to vote in overwhelming numbers in swing states, the email story won't matter. If Democrats don't show up, that is Trump's only chance of winning. 
The early voting numbers that Hillary Clinton is running up in Florida, North Carolina, and Nevada are no accident. Clinton and the Democratic Party have invested heavily in an extensive get out the vote operation in early voting states. 
Democrats already had a strategic advantage in early voting before the 2016 election, but Donal Trump's refusal to invest in a substantial get out the vote operation has widened the gap between the two parties in this area. 
The final week before the election could be just as vital to Democrats in swing states as election day. If Hillary Clinton piles up big margins in early voting, it could leave minimal drama for election night. 
The Democratic early voting plan is working to perfection, now as Mook said, all that is left is for Democrats to put their heads down, work hard, and close the deal. 
Early Voting Is So Strong For Democrats That Clinton Could Lock Up Nevada this Week added by Jason Easley on Sun, Oct 30th, 2016
ARTICLE

By Jason Easley on Sun, Oct 30th, 2016 at 10:52 am Republicans hoped that FBI Director James Comey's letter about new Clinton related emails would swing the election for them, but a new series of CBS News Battleground polls shows Clinton keeping her lead and within 2 points of Trump in Arizona. Share on Twitter Print This Post 
The CBS News Republicans hoped that FBI Director James Comey's letter about new Clinton related emails would swing the election for them, but a new series of CBS News Battleground polls shows Clinton keeping her lead and within 2 points of Trump in Arizona. 
Battleground tracker found that by a small margin Comey's letter made Democrats more likely (net +7) to support Clinton. 
In the individual battleground states, Clinton leads by eight points in Pennsylvania 48%-40%, North Carolina (48%-45%), and in Colorado (42%-39%). The only state of the four polled where Trump has a small two point lead in Arizona (44%-42%). 
According to CBS News , 'And the larger demographic difference defining the race between Clinton and Donald Trump has been a gender gap – slightly larger now than the last time in these states – that offsets a smaller movement of Republicans to Trump.' 
To put it another way, Hillary Clinton's support with women is going up at a larger rate than Republican movement towards Trump. 
These are the first swing state polls to be taken since FBI Director Comey released his now infamous letter on Friday. The email story isn't moving voters. It is reinforcing the partisanship of the election. Democrats are going to vote Clinton. Republicans are going to vote for Trump, and there aren't enough undecided voters to swing the election to Trump. 
Republicans were hoping for a Hail Mary touchdown to save Trump, but Clinton continues to lead in critical states with a little more than a week to go before election day. If the Comey letter is the big October surprise, it isn't working on voters. 
Hillary Clinton Maintains Swing State Leads As Comey Email Letter Flops added by Jason Easley on Sun, Oct 30th, 2016
ARTICLE

By Robert Franek on Sun, Oct 30th, 2016 at 9:01 am Imagine if working to end rape culture were treated with the same attention as Hillary Clinton's emails. This is one fire that is burning strong and is a true threat to personal and public safety, security, and well-being. Share on Twitter Print This Post 
The following post, written by The Rev. Robert A. Franek, is a part of Politicus Policy Discussion, in which writers draw connections between real lives and public policy. 
Even after months and months of coverage blown out of proportion and at great expense to the public in dollars, psychic stress, and issue coverage ,it seems all one has to do is put Hillary Clinton and emails together in the same sentence with claims of lying and threatening national security and pandemonium continues to break loose throughout the mass media and social media worlds. And yet despite multiple investigations and repeated explanations the pandemonium persists, so much so that every time Republicans stir up some smoke the media assumes there must be a blazing fire. And sadly this is not going away anytime soon, as Republicans are promising more sham investigations in lieu of actually governing as Sarah Jones reported. 
Republicans are already planning how to avoid being grown ups who do their jobs if Hillary Clinton is elected president. Yes, there will be more toy-throwing and tantrums and best of all for the party of fiscal humiliations, more wasteful spending on political witch hunts. – Sarah Jones 
Meanwhile, women continue to come forward with painful, heartbreaking stories of Donald Trump's sexual harassment and assault. Yet, instead of being portrayed as survivors who have finally had enough of the Republican presidential nominee and his lies and as women who have the strength and courage to go public with their stories, they are being made into opportunistic victims and challenged for not coming forward sooner much sooner. Woefully, no mention is made of the many intersecting reasons that lead many women (and men) not to report these crimes, including that this is the only time when the victim is placed on trial. 
After walking her readers through one incident of Donald Trump's public sexual humiliation of a woman for revenge , Sarah Jones makes the following observation: 
If there is any good to come out of the total crapfest of the Trump candidacy, perhaps it is a raised awareness that women are people and that this kind of thing is horrific but it's not all Trump's fault. It's the culture's fault because it takes a willing audience to successfully publicly sexually shame a woman. 
She is right. Donald Trump is despicable. Still, there is cultural culpability in the perpetuation of rape culture where women are treated as objects, forced into silence, and placed on trial for their assailant's crimes. 
This must change. 
It is unacceptable in a country that places such a high value on freedom that so many are not free from sexual harassment, assault, exploitation, and humiliation. More it is appalling that such behavior is often cheered, unchallenged, and dismissed. It is also inexcusable that survivors face unparalleled levels of scrutiny when they do finally come forward. 
It is also beyond tragic that people of faith who read the first chapter of Genesis can't bear out the implications of men and women being created simultaneously and bearing equally the divine image. 
Supposed Christian values champion and Republican Vice Presidential nominee, Mike Pence is more upset over an article he didn't read regarding voter suppression efforts by the Trump campaign than any of the horrifying things Donald Trump has said including bragging about sexual assault. 
These are not Christian values nor are they values any civil society should hold. Failing to call out Donald Trump's abhorrent behavior and speech is beyond deplorable. Additionally, supporting candidates like Donald Trump and Mike Pence gives validity to their wretched views and is especially shocking when done by people of faith and 'family values.' 
As a society, we must challenge the pervasive and systemic sexism and misogyny that persists in our culture. As much as we need changes in our laws (and lawmakers!) at every level of government to reflect the equality and humanity of women, we need a moral revival in our collective conscience as a nation that decries every facet of rape culture from how we raise our children to the victim blaming and shaming that happens each time a survivor goes public with their story. 
Imagine if working to end rape culture were treated with the same attention as Hillary Clinton's emails. This is one fire that is burning strong and is a true threat to personal and public safety, security, and well-being. 
Email Pandemonium and the Perpetuation of Rape Culture added by Robert Franek on Sun, Oct 30th, 2016
ARTICLE

Senate Democrats aren't playing around with FBI Director James Comey. Four top Democrats sent Comey and Attorney General Loretta Lynch a letter demanding details on the emails that the FBI is investigating by Monday. In the letter, Sens. Carper, Leahy, Feinstein, and Cardin wrote: 
Senate Democrats aren't fooling around. They want answers, and they want them right now. As more details become known, FBI Director Comey's motives have come under criticism. Comey was advised by Attorney General Lynch not to send his letter until after the election, but he sent it anyway. 
Comey worried to FBI employees that his letter would be misunderstood, but he could have easily avoided any misunderstanding by either being specific in his letter or not sending the letter at all. It is becoming difficult to look at Comey's actions in an objective manner and not see partisan political motivations. 
The FBI Director has interfered in a presidential election with new emails that have nothing to do with the Democratic nominee, but can be used by her opponents for political purposes. 
Democrats are demanding answers, and if James Comey doesn't answer their questions by Monday, he will be forced to under oath if the Democratic Party wins a majority of seats in the Senate. 
Either way, Comey's October surprise has blown up in his own face.
ARTICLE

Richard W. Painter wrote in a New York Times an op-ed: The F.B.I.'s job is to investigate, not to influence the outcome of an election. 
Such acts could also be prohibited under the Hatch Act, which bars the use of an official position to influence an election. That is why the F.B.I. presumably would keep those aspects of an investigation confidential until after the election. The usual penalty for a violation is termination of federal employment. 
And that is why, on Saturday, I filed a complaint against the F.B.I. with the Office of Special Counsel, which investigates Hatch Act violations, and with the Office of Government Ethics. I have spent much of my career working on government ethics and lawyers' ethics, including two and a half years as the chief White House ethics lawyer for President George W. Bush, and I never thought that the F.B.I. could be dragged into a political circus surrounding one of its investigations. Until this week. 
This is the second complaint to be filed against FBI Director Comey. The Democratic Coalition Against Trump has also filed a complaint against Comey for interfering in a presidential election as a federal employee. 
Suspicion around Comey's actions has grown as the FBI Director is not expected to make any additional statements on this matter before the presidential election. Director Comey appears to have set himself for problems after the election as Senate Democrats are making it known that they are open to holding hearings to investigate the FBI investigation if they win back the Senate majority. 
Unless Trump wins and Republicans take control of Congress, Director Comey is going to have to answer for his decisions. 
As the complaints pile up, it looks like Congressional testimony may be the least of James Comey's future problems.
ARTICLE

By Jason Easley on Sun, Oct 30th, 2016 at 2:37 pm Fox News Sunday's Chris Wallace tried to blame Hillary Clinton for the email scandal that Republicans created and got destroyed by Clinton campaign manager Robbie Mook. Share on Twitter Print This Post 
Fox News Sunday's Chris Wallace tried to blame Hillary Clinton for the email scandal that Republicans created and got destroyed by Clinton campaign manager Robbie Mook. 
This exchange between Fox News Sunday host Chris Wallace and Clinton campaign manager Robbie Mook highlighted why the email scandal isn't working for the GOP. 
Video: 
Transcript via Fox News Sunday: WALLACE: The last question I want to ask you is that you're acting as if it was the director who brought this into the election when the fact is that it was Hillary Clinton who brought this into the election. 
I want to go back to the e-mail exchange on March 2nd, 2015, when The New York Times broke the story about Hillary Clinton using private e-mails. We're going to put it up on the screen. 
Clinton adviser Neera Tanden, 'Why didn't they get the stuff out like 18 months ago? So crazy.' 
Campaign chairman John Podesta, 'Unbelievable.' Tanden, 'I guess I know the answer, they wanted to get away with it.' 
Robby, it was Clinton who delayed and it was Clinton who brought this into the presidential campaign. 
MOOK: And it is Secretary Clinton who has said this was a mistake. It is Secretary Clinton who cooperated fully with the investigation. And it was Secretary Clinton who accepted the outcome of that investigation. And what secretary Clinton is doing now is saying, if there's new information, get it out on the table. Let's get it out. These could be duplicates. 
Again, it's been reported these e-mails may not have been sent or received by Secretary Clinton. We don't know anything. And this close to an election, this unprecedented announcement of new information, when – when, again, it's been reported by Yahoo! News that – that the FBI may have not even seen it. That – that – that Director Comey sent this unprecedented letter shortly before the election when he doesn't even know what the information is. That's disturbing. And we're just asking him, get everything out there that he knows. 
Fox News has no evidence of wrongdoing on the part of Clinton, so they have been reduced to whining about why she didn't release the emails sooner. What Wallace left out was that the release of Clinton's emails represented an unprecedented level of disclosure. 
Hillary Clinton didn't cause this email scandal. House Republicans misused their Benghazi Select Committee to go on a fishing expedition for Hillary Clinton's emails. 
Robbie Mook destroyed Fox News with facts, because unlike Donald Trump, Hillary Clinton hasn't worked to keep information hidden from the public. Trump has not released his tax returns, medical records, or an accounting of his business dealings with Russia. Trump has been the least transparent nominee in more than 40 years. 
Republicans and conservative media are blaming Clinton for the scandal that they created as justification for continuing the investigations of her after the election. 
Clinton's campaign manager was able to wipe the floor with the Republican talking points because at the end of the day the email scandal remains a conspiracy about nothing.
ARTICLE

By Adalia Woodbury on Sun, Oct 30th, 2016 at 1:43 pm A Trump supporter sporting a 'Hillary for Prison' t-shirt chanted 'Jews S-A' in support of his candidate during a rally in Arizona on Saturday. The target was the pen of reporters who have been fodder for Trump's rhetoric at every rally. Share on Twitter Print This Post 
A Trump supporter sporting a 'Hillary for Prison' t-shirt chanted 'Jews S-A' in support of his candidate during a rally in Arizona on Saturday. 
The target was the pen of reporters who have been fodder for Trump's rhetoric at every rally. 
The context: While the crowd was chanting 'USA' one man chanted 'Jews S-A'. Words like that can't be spun or read into. The intent and meaning were obvious to everyone. 
Watch here on video obtained by The Huffington Post . 
This sort of thing comes as no surprise considering that Donald Trump spent the last year spewing hate filled venom in every possible direction. It may seem superfluous to restate every category of people for which Trump has shown contempt, but it is not. 
Muslims, Jews, immigrants, labor, taxpayers, Latinos, Hispanics, Mexicans, African-Americans, women, POW's, veterans, people with disabilities, Gold Star Families, and the military have felt the sting of Trump's words and the disdain in his heart. 
Throughout this campaign season, the vitriol against Hillary Clinton saw no limit. Signs and T-shirts too disgusting to quote in this article. Chants of 'lock her up' at the Republican convention and since. Trump promised his base of thugs, lowlifes, and haters he would weaken the first amendment, strengthen the second and establish the alt-right utopia. 
Hillary Clinton was already the most qualified candidate in this race. She also proved to have more stamina than any previous candidate needed. Not only was she competing against a vicious and pathological liar, she was competing for who we are and who we could be. For all the Trump claims that the media is rigged in Clinton's favor, it was Trump who got free advertising, who framed the narrative and whose words were the primary 'news' stories of the campaign. 
There is no doubt that Hillary Clinton will keep her promise to fight for us. She has been doing it from the beginning of this campaign. Every time Hillary Clinton called out Donald Trump's sexist comments, she was fighting for all women who were attacked, humiliated and sexually abused by men like Trump. Every time Clinton shamed Trump's horrific and disgusting comments about the Khan family she was standing up for every Gold Star family. She was also standing up for every Muslim-American. The same is true every time Clinton condemned Trump for mocking a disabled reporter or resorted to alt-right stereotypes about African-Americans, inner-cities, and African-American communities. 
Every time Trump spewed hate in whatever direction, Hillary Clinton defended the target. 
So no, this isn't about choosing the lesser of two evils. Like every election, this is about choosing our next president. More importantly, it's about voting for who we are and who we aspire to be. 
Image: Screengrab from video.
ARTICLE

Here is the full text of Sen. Reid's letter to Director Comey: Dear Director Comey: 
Your actions in recent months have demonstrated a disturbing double standard for the treatment of sensitive information, with what appears to be a clear intent to aid one political party over another. I am writing to inform you that my office has determined that these actions may violate the Hatch Act, which bars FBI officials from using their official authority to influence an election. Through your partisan actions, you may have broken the law. 
The double standard established by your actions is clear. 
In my communications with you and other top officials in the national security community, it has become clear that you possess explosive information about close ties and coordination between Donald Trump, his top advisors, and the Russian government – a foreign interest openly hostile to the United States, which Trump praises at every opportunity. The public has a right to know this information. I wrote to you months ago calling for this information to be released to the public. There is no danger to American interests from releasing it. And yet, you continue to resist calls to inform the public of this critical information. 
By contrast, as soon as you came into possession of the slightest innuendo related to Secretary Clinton, you rushed to publicize it in the most negative light possible. 
Moreover, in tarring Secretary Clinton with thin innuendo, you overruled longstanding tradition and the explicit guidance of your own Department. You rushed to take this step eleven days before a presidential election, despite the fact that for all you know, the information you possess could be entirely duplicative of the information you already examined which exonerated Secretary Clinton. 
As you know, a memo authored by Deputy Attorney General Sally Yates on March 10, 2016, makes clear that all Justice Department employees, including you, are subject to the Hatch Act. The memo defines the political activity prohibited under the Hatch Act as 'activity directed towards the success or failure of a political party, candidate for partisan political office, or partisan political group.' 
The clear double-standard established by your actions strongly suggests that your highly selective approach to publicizing information, along with your timing, was intended for the success or failure of a partisan candidate or political group. 
Please keep in mind that I have been a supporter of yours in the past. When Republicans filibustered your nomination and delayed your confirmation longer than any previous nominee to your position, I led the fight to get you confirmed because I believed you to be a principled public servant. 
With the deepest regret, I now see that I was wrong. 
Sincerely, 
Senator Harry Reid 
Reid basically accused Comey of violating the Hatch Act by releasing his letter so close to a presidential election. Even though Harry Reid is retiring, the bad news for Comey is that Reid's letter is a clear sign that Senate Democrats aren't going to let this matter drop. 
If Democrats take back the Senate, Director Comey should brace himself, because he and his agency's methods are going to be under Congressional investigation.
ARTICLE

By Sarah Jones on Sun, Oct 30th, 2016 at 8:59 pm Senator Harry Reid dropped the bomb that the FBI and national security experts possess "explosive information" about ties and coordination between Russia and Donald Trump and his campaign. Share on Twitter Print This Post 
Talk about burying the lede. 
In Senator Harry Reid's letter in which he suggests that FBI Director James Comey may have broken the law (the Hatch Law), he also drops the bomb that the FBI and national security experts possess 'explosive information' about ties and coordination between Russia and Donald Trump and his campaign. 
Reid writes, 'In my communications with you and other top officials in the national security community, it has become clear that you possess explosive information about close ties and coordination between Donald Trump, his top advisors, and the Russian government – a foreign interest openly hostile to the United States, which Trump praises at every opportunity.' 
Reid points out the 'disturbing double standard' in Comey's treatment of sensitive information between the two parties with a 'clear intent' to aid one over the other. 
If the FBI and national security experts have information that Donald Trump and or his campaign are colluding or collaborating to bring about a particular result regarding the U.S. election or our foreign policy stances, this is an emergency. 
Which issue is so much of an emergency that a federal official might consider dropping the bomb just 11 days before an election: Electing someone who is conspiring with Russia or electing someone whose aide may have sent an email she forget to tell everyone about. 
The double standard is not only troubling at this point, but dangerous. 
Bomb dropped. 
Everyone already suspected Trump's ties to Russia and his campaign has been full of ties to the Kremlin, but now Reid has confirmed information about coordination between Trump and Russia. 
Now that, ladies and gentlemen, is an October shocker. 
Reid's full letter follows: 
Dear Director Comey: 
Your actions in recent months have demonstrated a disturbing double standard for the treatment of sensitive information, with what appears to be a clear intent to aid one political party over another. I am writing to inform you that my office has determined that these actions may violate the Hatch Act, which bars FBI officials from using their official authority to influence an election. Through your partisan actions, you may have broken the law. 
The double standard established by your actions is clear. 
In my communications with you and other top officials in the national security community, it has become clear that you possess explosive information about close ties and coordination between Donald Trump, his top advisors, and the Russian government – a foreign interest openly hostile to the United States, which Trump praises at every opportunity. The public has a right to know this information. I wrote to you months ago calling for this information to be released to the public. There is no danger to American interests from releasing it. And yet, you continue to resist calls to inform the public of this critical information. 
By contrast, as soon as you came into possession of the slightest innuendo related to Secretary Clinton, you rushed to publicize it in the most negative light possible. 
Moreover, in tarring Secretary Clinton with thin innuendo, you overruled longstanding tradition and the explicit guidance of your own Department. You rushed to take this step eleven days before a presidential election, despite the fact that for all you know, the information you possess could be entirely duplicative of the information you already examined which exonerated Secretary Clinton. 
As you know, a memo authored by Deputy Attorney General Sally Yates on March 10, 2016, makes clear that all Justice Department employees, including you, are subject to the Hatch Act. The memo defines the political activity prohibited under the Hatch Act as 'activity directed towards the success or failure of a political party, candidate for partisan political office, or partisan political group.' 
The clear double-standard established by your actions strongly suggests that your highly selective approach to publicizing information, along with your timing, was intended for the success or failure of a partisan candidate or political group. 
Please keep in mind that I have been a supporter of yours in the past. When Republicans filibustered your nomination and delayed your confirmation longer than any previous nominee to your position, I led the fight to get you confirmed because I believed you to be a principled public servant. 
With the deepest regret, I now see that I was wrong. 
Sincerely, 
Senator Harry Reid
ARTICLE

The Trump campaign is having a collective nervous breakdown after the James Comey letter about new Hillary Clinton emails failed to swing the election in his direction. 
Robert Costa of The Washington Post tweeted a view from inside the Trump campaign: My read of Trumpland tonight: They know the path is very narrow. They see the polls, pub and priv. But they're scrambling map post-Comey… 
— Robert Costa (@costareports) October 30, 2016 Many of them describe the way to 270 not as a direct shot but a series of upsets and bank shots, of strong R showing + depressed D turnout 
— Robert Costa (@costareports) October 30, 2016 But list of hurdles goes on and on. HRC and Dems highly organized. Early vote. Top Ds hitting trail. FBI news also enthusing D voters… 
— Robert Costa (@costareports) October 30, 2016 What you're seeing is a small group of aides who truly believe Trump's populism/non-trad pitch can put new things in play, in spite of data. 
— Robert Costa (@costareports) October 31, 2016 
The Trump campaign is now that reality detached place where a few true believers are running the show. This is why Trump is going to spend the last week of his presidential campaign in blue states that he has no chance of winning. Trump still thinks that he can win Michigan, Wisconsin, and New Mexico. Wisconsin might be the most laughable of three delusions because Trump was routed in the Republican primary there, and GOP support from Wisconsin Republicans like Paul Ryan and Scott Walker has been lukewarm at best. 
These are the final days that all losing campaigns go through when the nominee refuses to accept the likelihood of their defeat. The Comey letter didn't move the needle for Trump. It didn't give him a surge of national momentum or make the majority of voters rethink their support for Hillary Clinton. 
The Clinton emails didn't save Trump, so now he is going to waste his time campaigning in states that he will lose in search of a miracle as his poorly managed presidential bid stumbles to the finish line.
ARTICLE

By Rmuse on Sun, Oct 30th, 2016 at 9:53 pm The F.B.I. has a solemn obligation to remain neutral in political matters; the faintest appearance of using the agency to influence our election is deeply troubling. Share on Twitter Print This Post *The following is an opinion column by R Muse* 
As a nation of laws, the American people should, and most likely do, demand that law enforcement officials hew as closely to the law as humanly possible and that goes double for the country's largest investigative agency. One thing every American who has ever watched a law enforcement press conference after a crime has occurred understands is that the public never really knows the details of an investigation regardless the severity of the crime or who the suspect is. As an occasional print journalist, this author can attest that asking a police spokesman for details during a press conference about what the police are doing or who they are investigating never fails to get a stern scolding about expecting law enforcement to reveal any facts during an investigation for glaringly obvious reasons. The scold always includes referral to the agency responsible for charging and prosecuting a crime after the investigation is complete and the results are handed over to the local district attorney. 
Apparently, the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) director James Comey never got the memo that discussing an investigation publicly is verboten; if for no other reason than to maintain the integrity of said investigation and not hamper a possible prosecution. However, as it turns out Mr. Comey did get 'a memo ' from the Department of Justice in the form of a warning . But because he is a law unto himself and his allegiance is to House Republicans and not the Department of Justice, he ignored the DOJ counsel to do a solid for the GOP less than two weeks before a presidential election. 
Since Mr. Comey can't keep it (investigations) in his pants, or follow long-standing law enforcement and investigative rules, or take heed to Justice Department warnings, it is incumbent on President Barack Obama to summarily fire F.B.I. Director James Comey on the morning of Wednesday, November 9th 2016. Why should President Obama wait until the day after a general election to fire the partisan director of the F.B.I.? So as not to give the appearance of any impropriety or partisanship during a campaign or just prior a presidential election; something FBI director James Comey is apparently incapable of comprehending. 
This incident, just like the one in July when Comey broke precedent and convened a press conference in July, and then publicly testified before Congress to discuss the Bureau's ongoing investigation is more than just a breach of precedent; it smacks of partisanship for more than one reason. First, as mentioned above, not only did the Department of Justice warn Mr. Comey that it was inappropriate to discuss an ongoing investigation at all, much less so close to an election, that warning came after the F.B.I. contacted the DOJ about going public with information the Bureau admitted it had not yet even ' reviewed .' That was precisely what Comey told his Republican buddies in a letter to Congress. 
In the letter , Comey told congressional Republicans that the F.B.I. really had no clue whether any of the emails were related to Hillary Clinton's private email server, but what he did ' know ' for sure was that they ' appeared ' to be pertinent; even though his agency, the F.B.I. had not yet examined them. So the real pertinent question is: why did Mr. Comey publicly inform Congress about emails the agency had not yet examined if he wasn't attempting to inject some ' partisan drama ' into the election that might have deleterious impact on the outcome? 
It is just as pertinent a question as demanding to know from Mr. Comey precisely what his motivation was in holding a press conference back in July to discuss the agency's finding on an investigation before the DOJ weighed in, or discuss that investigation in public and before a viciously partisan Republican committee in Congress. And no, it was not to defend the Bureau's decision not to bring criminal charges against Clinton; only a brain-dead moronic imbecile or partisan Republican hack would begin to think that the F.B.I., C.I.A., local sheriff, or any police investigative agency has the ability to bring charges to prosecute a violation. For dog's sake even the 1960's fictional sheriff Andy Griffith's hapless deputy Barney Fife was competent enough to comprehend that a district attorney's office or Department of Justice is tasked with prosecution any violation of the law. 
According to Mr. Comey, who was ' stung by criticism from both Democrats and Republicans ' as well as former prosecutors and ' appeared to be on the defensive ;' ' he felt obligated to inform [Republicans in] Congress ' even though the Bureau really didn't ' know the significance of this newly discovered collection of emails. '' Likely because he knew they did not come from Hillary Clinton. As an aside, Sarah Jones has a nifty summary of the 'email' caper the F.B.I. Uncovered while investigating ' serial sexter ' Anthony Weiner's laptop computer, iPad, and cellphone. And no, Anthony Weiner was not sexting nasty pictures to presidential candidate Hillary Clinton. 
It doesn't matter what kind of pathetic excuse Comey gave for publicly commenting on an ongoing investigation, it is virtually impossible to believe he didn't have partisan intents and purposes in publicly alerting House Republicans. As interim chairwoman of the Democratic National Committee, Donna Brazile said, ' The F.B.I. has a solemn obligation to remain neutral in political matters – even the faintest appearance of using the agency's power to influence our election is deeply troubling .' Ms. Brazile demanded more information from Comey and didn't conceal her concern over Comey interfering with the election. 
Mr. Comey claimed, very conveniently one might add, that as a died-in-the-wool Republican he contributed to John McCain and Willard Romney's presidential campaigns in 2008 and 2012 respectively, that he is not a Republican now. That was his remark back in July when he first began breaking precedent and revealing information about an investigation that was the proper purview of the Department of Justice, not the Federal Bureau of Investigation. It was a suspicious ' confession ' in July and it is nearly impossible to believe in late October after he ignored Department of Justice warnings and revealed information about an ongoing investigation into a disgraced former congressman and serial sexter just 11 days before an election and before the Bureau had even reviewed anything. 
Comey cannot possibly remain as head of the Federal Bureau of Investigation after twice revealing information about an ongoing investigation. If Comey hadn't taken heat for his 'reveal' in July, and a warning from the Justice Department this week, then one might just regard him as an inept law enforcement official pulling a publicity stunt for attention. But since he was warned, and is not an inept law enforcement official, it is more than reasonable to believe that Comey's most recent act was a partisan political ploy that should earn him a summary termination on November 9, 2016. Because firing his partisan personage just prior to the general election would break a longstanding precedent and look like a highly partisan move; something a sap like James Comey might try, but not President Obama.
ARTICLE

By Adalia Woodbury on Sun, Oct 30th, 2016 at 11:31 pm On Friday, the Supreme Court decided to weigh in on transgender rights in the case of Gloucester County School Board vs. G.G. This gives the right wing another chance to take civil rights away from people they don't like. Plain and simple. Share on Twitter Print This Post 
On Friday, the Supreme Court decided to weigh in on transgender rights in the case of Gloucester County School Board vs. G.G . This gives the right wing another chance to take civil rights away from people they don't like. Plain and simple. 
At issue is whether a transgender student who identifies as a boy has a right to use the bathroom that corresponds with the gender he identifies with. 
Last summer, the court granted the school board's request to put a lower court ruling in the student's favor on hold until the board filed its petition for review by the Supreme Court. Justice Breyer joined the conservative justices in that ruling as a courtesy. 
The Virginia school board established a policy mirroring 'bathroom police' laws in red states like North Carolina that required students to use rest rooms and locker rooms to correspond with the gender they were assigned at birth. 
In this case, the district court ruled against G.G. by relying on a 1975 regulation allowing schools to provide 'separate toilet, locker room and shower facilities based on sex' provided those facilities are comparable to those provided to the opposite sex. 
In January 2015, the Department of Education's Office of Civil Rights issued a letter opining that if schools separate students in restroom and locker rooms based on their sex a 'school must treat transgender students' in a manner consistent 'with their gender identity.' 
Because of that letter, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 4th Circuit reversed the lower court ruling in favor of G.G. It relied on a 1997 Supreme Court decision that courts generally should defer to an agency's interpretation of its own regulation. 
In reality, the right wing hopes to achieve two political objectives with this case. First, this is about denying basic rights and dignity to people who are transgender, which is consistent with their ideological opposition to rights for women, POC and members of the LGBT community. Second, the right wing is hoping to weaken Federal Agencies by attacking their ability to interpret their own regulations.
ARTICLE

By Hrafnkell Haraldsson on Mon, Oct 31st, 2016 at 7:59 am In Donald Trump "you have a candidate who is frequently saying 20 false things in a day, up to 37 on some days." Share on Twitter Print This Post 
CNN's Brian Stelter calls Donald Trump a 'uniquely fact-challenged candidate,' which is a prelude to introducing Daniel Dale, Washington correspondent for the Toronto Star , who fact checks every single word Trump utters and tallies them up for his paper . 
Dale says most fact-checkers look at two or three things Trump says, 'meticulously fact-checks them and posts an article,' but 'that doesn't work when you have a candidate who is frequently saying 20 false things in a day, up to 37 on some days.' 
For example, Dale tallied 35 Trump lies on Tuesday, October 25: Donald Trump said 35 false things yesterday. #TrumpCheck pic.twitter.com/EwfYFEDFx9 
— Daniel Dale (@ddale8) October 26, 2016 
Which, as Dale pointed out , followed 'his record-tying 37 false claims on Monday,' not coincidentally, a day on which Trump called fact checkers 'scum.' 
Watch courtesy of CNN's Reliable Sources: "There is a massive imbalance in the frequency of dishonesty." @DDale8 says Trump lies a lot more than Clinton https://t.co/Kp6KvPNtmO 
— Reliable Sources (@ReliableSources) October 30, 2016 
The mainstream media likes to play the false equivalence game but there is no equivalence between Trump and Clinton. As Dale told Stelter, 'There is a massive imbalance in the frequency of dishonesty.' Trump, says Dale, 'is not a normal political liar.' 
For example, look at the presidential debates , in which Dale found 104 Trump false statements as opposed to 13 by Clinton. 
Dale's judgment is that 'there is no comparison in her level of accuracy with her opponent.' 
Trump also lies 'pointlessly,' argues Dale, explaining to Brian Stelter that, 
'He gets things wrong where there is no political advantage to be gained and in those cases, it is not clear whether he's lying or confused or unwilling to take the time to learn the facts.' 
This was Mark Cuban's complaint, of course, that Trump has no interest in learning. 
In the end, it matters less why Trump lies than that he does, especially since he is busily convincing his base that Hillary Clinton is the dishonest candidate. And it is working. This is a trope frequently repeated by Trump's supporters. You can correct them as often as you want; it will have no effect. 
The lie has taken hold – one of many – many more than you likely expected, and observational bias takes care of the rest. The Trump base is effectively lost to our shared reality, and as Dale tweeted last night, 
'If Trump loses, the Smart Republican Excavation is going to have to involve some long, hard base re-education.' 
Given the GOP's history with facts, good luck with that. 
Image: Screen capture Twitter
ARTICLE

By Rmuse   10:03 am "The archdiocese holds the matter among its highest priorities. If passed, the law would have significantly detrimental impacts on our parishes, our ministries"   *The following is an opinion column by R Muse* 
For almost all secular humanists, organized religion is nothing more than an easy means of controlling people through fear and intimidation. Throughout recorded history, the Catholic Church has been responsible for all manner of devious machinations to control not just its adherents, but any humans it comes in contact with. That lust to control human beings has continued unabated into the 21st Century and in America like the rest of the Earth the Catholics number one focus has been on controlling women. Apparently, the Catholic Church in Massachusetts wants to expand its control over the population. 
On Friday the Boston Globe reported that the Archdiocese of Boston dropped about a million dollars in a last-ditch effort to exert Church control over Massachusetts law and citizens to stop marijuana from being legalized for recreational use. Other reports reveal that the tax-exempt political spending is meant to help defeat a Massachusetts ballot measure, Question 4 . Question 4 simply legalizes cannabis for recreational use for people over 21 and creates a commission to regulate marijuana in the state of Massachusetts. Question 4 contains no references to the Catholic, or any other church, and makes no claim of trying to ' impact ministries .' 
A spokesman for the Boston Archdiocese, Terrence Donilon, made a truly pathetic attempt at justifying the Catholic church's political donation to the campaign against Massachusetts' version of legalized recreational marijuana saying : 
' It reflects the fact that the archdiocese holds the matter among its highest priorities. It's a recognition that, if passed, the law would have significantly detrimental impacts on our parishes, our ministries .' 
Seriously, that has to be one of the most monumental piles of bovine excrement of a reason to use tax-free congregants' donations to interfere in an election ever offered. Nowhere in Massachusetts' or any state's decriminalization statutes is any church mentioned, much less affected by the outcome of an election. Catholic priests will still be free to sexually abuse little boys if adults can legally purchase and consume cannabis. And despite residents having a toke in the privacy of their homes, the Church will still frighten its members into increasing their tithes, and the USCCB will still attempt to control and dominate all American women. No reefer decriminalization will impact the Catholic ministry, but it will drastically reduce the number of people being arrested and imprisoned for marijuana possession, free up law enforcement to pursue nasty pedophile priests, and relieve America's over-burdened judicial system. 
Now, the Catholics claim that people using cannabis legally, whether they inhale or eat it, will have ' significantly detrimental impacts on their ministries .' That is an odd assertion on yet another point; Surely part of 'Catholic ministries' is teaching according to their god's word in the Christian bible. It is nearly certain that every Catholic priest on the planet, including those in Massachusetts, are aware of god's word in Genesis where in chapter 2, verse 9 the Catholics' ' almighty god ' said: 
' Out of the ground the LORD God caused to grow every tree that is pleasing to the sight and good for food. ' And he continues in verses 15-17 , ' Then the LORD God took the man and put him into the garden of Eden to cultivate it and keep it. The LORD God commanded the man, saying, 'From any tree of the garden you may eat freely, but from the tree of the knowledge of good and evil you shall not eat, for in the day that you eat from it you will surely die .' 
Although there is recorded evidence that cannabis was first discovered to be used for its medicinal qualities 10,000 years ago , there is no record of reefer ever being confused with ' The tree of the knowledge of good and evil; ' weed is not and will not affect the Catholic ministries if it is decriminalized today any more than it has over the past two-thousand years the Catholic Church has existed and cannabis was either unknown to the clergy or illegal. 
In a reaction to the news the archdiocese was interfering with politics with tax-exempt money, an advocate and spokesman for the Yes on Question 4, Jim Borghesani, said : 
' The archdiocese has come up with a position that, frankly, we think is based on unfounded assumptions and junk science. What I think the archdiocese is missing is the terrible harm that (marijuana) prohibition has done to people of color, to people who have chosen a substance that is less dangerous than alcohol and have had their lives ruined because they've been arrested .' 
One wonders if part of the Boston archdiocese's ministry entails increasing the number of Americans, mainly Americans of color, sent to prison for possessing or using a plant that ' god caused to grow ' and was ' pleasing to the sight and good to eat .' Obviously, that is the case and according to a new set of data, keeping marijuana illegal means keeping Americans arrested for drug possession at a rate of every 25 seconds of every day of the year. 
Why is the Catholic Church so interested in perpetuating the failed 'War on Drugs in general, and the criminalization of marijuana in particular?' As noted by Michael Stone over at Patheos, what the Massachusetts Catholics, and Mormons, are actually helping to sustain is ' in reality a war on poor people and people of color .' Mr. Stone really nails it when he said that by spending tax-exempt donations on a political agenda to ' defend the unjust prohibition on marijuana; the Catholic church is guilty of perpetuating the failed War on Drugs and the New Jim Crow .' 
The archdiocese is also guilty of hypocrisy, besides implicit racism. Because any religious organization that condones and even promotes the use of alcohol while using tax-exempt donations to maintain the ridiculous prohibition on cannabis is ' morally indefensible .' Mormons are also busy instructing LDS members to vote against all state initiatives that seek to decriminalize and regulate recreational marijuana use as if it has any affect whatsoever on either their private Mormon lives or their LDS ministry, but they allegedly don't condone or enjoy alcohol so they just have control issues and are not blatant hypocrites; at least where cannabis decriminalization is concerned. 
The Massachusetts Catholics may not be violating the law by ' acting as an anti-marijuana super PAC ,' but they are using tax-exempt member donations to politically influence an election and control other Americans' lives; the church is all about wielding ultimate control over all facets of American society. However, if the Church is so flush with money; why not use that money to compensate the thousands of victims of the Church's pedophile priests? Or, dog forbid, use that tax-exempt donors' money to help the people of Massachusetts in need. 
The Catholic Church is guilty of using fear and intimidation to control its own adherents, and that is down to frightened people needing a ' daddy' figure in the Church to tell them what is right, what is wrong, and how to stay out of the proverbial Hell; that is all well and good for people that willingly cry out for a controlling organization speaking for a deity. But for people that are not ' in the church ' it is an affront to use donated tax-exempt money to impact (read control) their private lives. The only good news out of this abominable story is that it looks like Question 4 will pass with relative ease informing that the archdiocese wasted about a million dollars of its congregation's hard-earned money. 
This is yet another example of why all churches should be taxed like every other business and American citizen, except Donald Trump. It is ' morally obnoxious ' that the archdiocese is using the congregations' donations for political purposes to influence an election and yet another sign that there is no area the church considers as out of bounds in attempting to control every aspect of society with tax-exempt funds wrung out of hardworking Americans, many of whom use recreational cannabis. 
h/t Patheos
ARTICLE

By Hrafnkell Haraldsson   9:24 am "We can't do waterboarding, it's far too tough! We're fighting on a different level! we have to be tough...and in some cases pretty vicious"   
Donald Trump complains about spending a fortune on a war in the Middle East that he supported, a war brought to us by a Republican administration that knowingly lied about the facts. Trump is also lying about the facts, which at least brings our country's Middle East ordeal full-circle. 
According to Trump, speaking at a rally in New Mexico – and you've no doubt seen the barrage of commercials repeating the same lie – 'Hillary brought disaster to Iraq, Syria, Libya and every place that she touches. She empowered Iran and she unleashed ISIS by leaving that big vacuum.' 
Of course, it was Republican President George W. Bush who negotiated the balance of forces agreement with Iraq, stipulating that America draw down its combat strength. Reneging on that agreement would have meant not peace in Iraq, or a negation of ISIS, but a second U.S. invasion on top of the rise of ISIS. 
'We want peace through strength,' Trump told the crowd. 'We don't want to be in wars but these savages are chopping off heads.' 
Well, in fact we DID want to be in that war. We invaded Iraq, not vice versa. 
Trump went on to say, 
'Drowning people in steel cages, burying people in the sand. We haven't had – this is medieval times. This is medieval times and then we can't do waterboarding, it's far too tough! You know, we're fighting on a different level! See, we're fighting on a different level folks and we have to be tough and we have to be smart and we have to be in some cases pretty vicious, to be honest with you. Pretty vicious, but we have to take them out and then we have to get back to building our country because our country – we've spent $6 trillion in the Middle East. $6 trillion. And we could've rebuilt our country twice.' 
Never mind for a moment that torture is illegal under international law; never mind that a 2014 Senate Intelligence Committee's report said torture doesn't work; Trump's argument sounds once again like a child wanting to get back at another child who has aggrieved him. 
This is Trump wanting to spite his enemies on an international scale, and arguing to boot that the end justifies the means. 
He doesn't, because he can't, prove that acting like barbarians somehow doesn't make us barbarians ourselves. He certainly can't prove, because that Senate report says otherwise, that torturing people will win the war. 
The claim of $6 million, by the way, is one Trump made last week in Charlotte, NC as well, and PolitiFact ruled it 'half true' at the time, saying, 
Trump is citing the high-end estimate of credible analyses of spending associated with the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan. Yet he is confusing money that's been spent with money that researchers say will be spent. 
The point here is that this is a war begun not by Obama and certainly not by Hillary Clinton, who at least admits she supported it and has apologized for doing so, while Trump continued to deny he was ever for it, despite the facts to the contrary. 
When Trump says 'we have to be pretty vicious' he is also saying 'we have to be pretty dishonest,' and nobody lies with such success or at such a rate as Donald Trump. 
Trump has said he loves war. He has said he likes to be unpredictable. He has asked why we can't use nuclear weapons since we have them. This is a man most national security experts say should not have the nuclear football in his hands. 
This is a man who, no matter how much he claims otherwise, does not understand how the world works. And he does not understand that by promoting torture, he is only fulfilling the wildest propaganda wishes of the Islamic State, by promising to do precisely what they want him to do.
ARTICLE

What to do when the October surprise aimed at your opponent flops and your polls are bad, so bad, really bad? 
How about more propaganda! 
The losing Trump campaign's latest Hail Mary is to try to fool voters with a last ditch media propaganda push by recruiting volunteers to blitz talk radio with 'talking points' and 'monitor' discussions and callers. 
Shared by Talk Show host and Editor-in-chief of Right Wisconsin.com Charlie Sykes: Welp. Trump campaign planning "talk radio blitz." Recruiting volunteers to call shows with talking points. https://t.co/eWR5qLKRjR 
— Real Charlie Sykes (@SykesCharlie) October 31, 2016 
From the Trump campaign's call to action: 
Trump Talk Radio Blitz 2016 Help get Donald Trump elected! Please sign up below to volunteer to call into talk radio over the final days of this Presidential campaign and tell Wisconsin's voters why you support Donald Trump. We are looking for volunteers to sign up as a Trump Talk Radio Blitz Call Captain and/or a Trump Talk Radio Blitz Caller. 
Thank you for your willingness to help elect Donald Trump and Mike Pence this very important election year! 
What will these call captains do? Oh, 'monitor' other the show and discussions, give talking points — you know, propaganda: 
I am willing to help! (check all the apply) I am willing to serve as a Trump Talk Radio Blitz Call Captain, taking responsibility to monitor and recruit other callers for one or more talk radio programs between now and election day 
I am willing to be a Trump Talk Radio Blitz Caller and select one or more 15 minute segments for local talk radio shows to call into and promote Donald Trump's campaign 
Call 'Captains' will be in charge of entire shows to make sure the Trump message gets out and 'monitor' discussions lest anyone bring any facts to the air: 
Call Captains will sign up to be responsible for an entire talk radio program or programs between now and the election to 1) help recruit callers to call in and promote Donald Trump's campaign throughout the program for that day, 2) remind Trump Talk Radio Blitz Callers who have sign up of their commitment to call into the show, 3) help ensure your Trump Talk Radio Blitz Callers are prepared to discuss the show's topics, 4) monitor the show and the discussions, and 5) report your successes back to the campaign. 
Paid for by the Trump campaign: 
I mean, it's working so well for the Trump spokespeople, especially those propaganda artists embedded on a certain cable network. Why not organize non-professionals to give the same talking points and disseminate them in a way that appears 'organic'. LOL, I kid. If you've run into these people in a comment section or forums you know they have the campaign message down so exactly as to be a screaming siren of talking points. 
So when you hear screaming tinfoil about fake polls and accusations that Hillary Clinton committed treason even though she was actually cleared, you needn't worry that your entire country has gone insane. 
This is the last gasp of a sinking campaign trying to fool the voters with media propaganda dished out by 'volunteers'.
ARTICLE

By Hrafnkell Haraldsson on Mon, Oct 31st, 2016 at 12:20 pm Trump 'refused 2 produce records sought by prosecutors for 6 months. Said under oath: Was destroying them whole time.' Share on Twitter Print This Post 
Newsweek' s Kurt Eichenwald has struck again, reporting that Donald Trump 'refused 2 produce records sought by prosecutors for 6 months. Said under oath: Was destroying them whole time.' 
The whole strategy, he writes at Newsweek in an article he swears was written before Comey's announcement, was 'deny, impede and delay, while destroying documents the court had ordered them to hand over.' 
In 1973, he reveals, 'the Republican nominee, his father and their real estate company battled the federal government over civil charges that they refused to rent apartments to African-Americans.' 
Shortly after the government filed its case in October, Trump attacked: He falsely declared to reporters that the feds had no evidence he and his father discriminated against minorities, but instead were attempting to force them to lease to welfare recipients who couldn't pay their rent.The family's attempts to slow down the federal case were at times nonsensical. Trump submitted an affidavit contending that the government had engaged in some unspecified wrongdoing by releasing statements to the press on the day it brought the case without first having any 'formal communications' with him; he contended that he'd learned of the complaint only while listening to his car radio that morning. But Trump's sworn statement was a lie. Court records show that the government had filed its complaint at 10 a.m. and phoned him almost immediately afterward. The government later notified the media with a press release. […] Six months after the original filing, the case was nowhere because the Trumps had repeatedly ignored the deadlines to produce records and answers to questions, known as interrogatories….Finally, under subpoena, Trump appeared for a short deposition. When asked about the missing documents, he made a shocking admission: The Trumps had been destroying their corporate records for the previous six months and had no document-retention program. They had conducted no inspections to determine which files might have been sought in the discovery requests or might otherwise be related to the case. Instead, in order to 'save space,' Trump testified, officials with his company had been tossing documents into the shredder and garbage. 
So Trump can accuse Hillary Clinton of destroying emails – and he does, nearly every day – but only as a means of covering up and deflecting his own misdeeds in that regard. 
'With false affidavits and 'deny and delay' strategies,' writes Eichenwald, 'Trump & his cos hid and destroyed records sought in court.' 
Donald Trump is a world class liar and a man known for his deflection tactics, projecting his own guilt onto others. His Foundation in trouble? Point the finger at the Clinton Foundation. Sexual assault allegations? Point the finger at Bill and Hillary Clinton. 
Once again, Kurt Eichenwald has dug into Donald Trump's deplorable past and revealed the real Donald Trump. It's not pretty. And each revelation from Eichenwald and David Fahrenthold shows Trump to be an even worse human being than the last. 
It is no wonder his deplorables love him so much. 
It Turns Out Trump Put off Investigators for 6 Months While He Destroyed Emails added by Hrafnkell Haraldsson on Mon, Oct 31st, 2016
ARTICLE

An ethics complaint has been filed against Representative Jason Chaffetz for releasing information provided to him in a letter from FBI Director James Comey. 
The Democratic Coalition Against Trump announced the complaint in a statement: 
The Democratic Coalition Against Trump filed a complaint against Representative Jason Chaffetz on Monday morning with the Office of Congressional Ethics for his role in releasing information provided to him by FBI Director James Comey. 
'Representative Chaffetz, in an ill-planned partisan attempt, released information that compromised the integrity of the FBI, when he irresponsibly tweeted out that the case investigating Secretary Clinton's emails had been reopened, when in fact it had not been. Members of Congress are elected to make our country a safer, better place- not to use their power to work with leaders such as Comey in a partisan fashion. I hope that both are held accountable for their actions,' said Scott Dworkin, Senior Advisor to the Democratic Coalition Against Trump. 
Director Comey is already facing a complaint that was filed with Department of Justic e accusing him of violating the Hatch Act by using his position as a federal employee to influence the outcome of an election. 
The Comey letter couldn't have gone much worse for Republicans. What the GOP originally hoped was an election shifting moment had become a Republican scandal that Democrats are strongly suggesting will inspiring hearings if they win back the Senate majority . 
Thanks to Chaffetz, House Republicans have already their credibility for future Clinton investigations, a s the Utah Republican's spin of Comey's letter was debunked in a matter of hours. 
It's all gone wrong in short order for Republicans. Comey and Chaffetz are facing complaints, and Hillary Clinton remains on course to be elected the next President Of The United States.
ARTICLE

By Sean Colarossi on Mon, Oct 31st, 2016 at 7:56 pm CNN has obtained audio of North Carolina GOP Senator Richard Burr joking about gun owners putting a "bullseye" on Hillary Clinton. Share on Twitter Print This Post 
CNN has obtained brand new audio of North Carolina Republican Senator Richard Burr joking about gun owners putting a 'bullseye' on Hillary Clinton. 
The despicable comments come as Burr faces a close Senate race against Democratic opponent Deborah Ross. Both candidates are within a point of each other, according to RealClearPolitics. 
More of the CNN report : 
The North Carolina Republican, locked in a tight race for reelection, quipped that as he walked into a gun shop 'nothing made me feel better' than seeing a magazine about rifles 'with a picture of Hillary Clinton on the front of it.' 
'I was a little bit shocked at that — it didn't have a bullseye on it,' he said Saturday to GOP volunteers, prompting laughter from the crowd in Mooresville, North Carolina. 'But on the bottom right (of the magazine), it had everybody for federal office in this particular state that they should vote for. So let me assure you, there's an army of support out there right now for our candidates.' 
This type of rhetoric is hardly uncommon when it comes to Republican leaders in 2016. As the campaign has gone on, the hateful and violent rhetoric, particularly from the man at the top of the Republican ticket, has become increasingly worse. 
At one point this year, Donald Trump suggested that 'Second Amendment people' should take up arms against Clinton if she nominates a Supreme Court justices they don't like. He also said that he'd like to 'see what happens' if the Democratic nominee's bodyguards were disarmed. 
As CNN notes, Trump has never issued a genuine apology for his dangerous language – or anything he's ever said or done – but Burr quickly came out with a statement once the audio was revealed, although it does not excuse what he said. 
'The comment I made was inappropriate, and I apologize for it,' the Republican senator said, according to CNN. 
This type of imagery has no place in our politics, regardless of whether it's being said in public or private, especially given the heightened level of anger and hatred toward Hillary Clinton from Trump supporters. 
Whether it's Trump or Burr, voters should remember their irresponsible language when they go to vote in just one week.
ARTICLE

By Jason Easley on Mon, Oct 31st, 2016 at 4:22 pm A new report is painting CIA Director James Comey as having used his office to influence the presidential election, as Comey sent a letter about Hillary Clinton's emails, but refused to call out Russia for meddling in the election by hacking Democrats. Share on Twitter Print This Post 
A new report is painting CIA Director James Comey as having used his office to influence the presidential election, as Comey sent a letter about Hillary Clinton's emails, but refused to call out Russia for meddling in the election by hacking Democrats. 
CNBC reported : FBI Director James Comey argued privately that it was too close to Election Day for the United States government to name Russia as meddling in the U.S. election and ultimately ensured that the FBI's name was not on the document that the U.S. government put out, a former FBI official tells CNBC. 
…. 
According to the former official, Comey agreed with the conclusion the intelligence community came to: 'A foreign power was trying to undermine the election. He believed it to be true, but was against putting it out before the election.' Comey's position, this official said, was 'if it is said, it shouldn't come from the FBI, which as you'll recall it did not.' 
Director Comey didn't want to interfere in the presidential election by releasing information that could harm Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump, but he had no qualms about sending a letter to Congress about emails that he had never seen in an apparent effort to interfere in the current presidential election. 
With each new revelation and detail, it is becoming impossible not to come to the conclusion that FBI Director Comey may have violated the Hatch Act with his letter to Congress. It is illegal for federal employees to use their positions to interfere in elections. 
When the information was bad for Donald Trump, Comey argued that it should not be publicly released so close to the election. However, he embraced a different standard when he had less information but could frame it in a way that could damage Hillary Clinton's campaign. 
It is becoming clear that Comey has abused his power and must be removed as FBI Director immediately.
ARTICLE

The Washington Post reported: Donald Trump's hiring of pollster Tony Fabrizio in May was viewed as a sign that the real estate mogul was finally bringing seasoned operatives into his insurgent operation. 
But the Republican presidential nominee appears to have taken issue with some of the services provided by the veteran GOP strategist, who has advised candidates from 1996 GOP nominee Bob Dole to Florida Gov. Rick Scott. The Trump campaign's latest Federal Election Commission report shows that it is disputing nearly $767,000 that Fabrizio's firm says it is still owed for polling. 
Trump's decision not to pay his pollster is the first of this type of story but given Trump's history of not paying for services performed; it won't be the last. It is astonishing that the party of supposed fiscal responsibility and conservativism would put someone forward as their presidential nominee who has made a career out of running up debt for personal gain. 
Donald Trump's mentality has always been to put himself first. Paying his debts never seems to have been a top priority for Trump. His businesses have been stiffing vendors and contractors for decades, so it isn't surprising that he would bring this same mentality to the presidential campaign. 
Anybody who works for the Trump campaign would be smart to get paid up front because Donald Trump's version of making America great involves taking your money and putting it in his own pocket. 
Trump Is Deadbeating On His Campaign Debts By Refusing To Pay His Own Pollster added by Jason Easley on Mon, Oct 31st, 2016
ARTICLE

The Hillary Clinton supporting Priorities USA super PAC has released a powerful ad that makes the closing argument for why women should get out to vote and support the Democratic nominee. 
Video: 
The ad is set to the Carole King classic 'Natural Woman' as sung by her daughter. The ad features clips of ordinary women living their lives mixed with clips of Elinor Roosevelt, Rosa Parks, Sally Ride, and Hillary Clinton. Two-thirds of the way through the ad, Trump appears and audio of him calling women fat pigs, slobs, fat asses, and flat chested among other insults. On the screen are shots of women holding up up cards with the hashtag vote. 
The message is clear, powerful, and absolutely devastating. 
Women need to vote against the behavior of Donald Trump. The words of Donald Trump and his treatment of women must be rejected. It is time for all Americans of conscience to lead the way, but if we are realistic about US society, it will be women who lead the way. Women will provide the moral voice that rejects Trump. According to the polling, it will be women who lead the way for Hillary Clinton to win the presidential. 
CNN asked the Trump campaign for comment about the ad, and their request was met with silence because Donald Trump's own words did all the talking that voters need to hear.
ARTICLE

By Sean Colarossi on Mon, Oct 31st, 2016 at 8:47 pm While the media continues to focus on the Clinton email non-story, news about Donald Trump's ties to Russia continues to gain steam. Share on Twitter Print This Post 
While the media continues to focus on what is increasingly becoming a non-story – FBI Director James Comey's vague letter regarding more emails related to Hillary Clinton – news about Donald Trump's ties to Russia continues to gain steam. 
Not only did NBC just report that the FBI is now in the preliminary stages of investigating Trump's ex-campaign manager's connection to Russia, but Slate also reported on Monday that a Trump server may have repeatedly been communicating with a Russian bank. 
Slate claims that while a group of computer scientists was looking into the Russian cyber attack of the DNC, they stumbled onto something unexpectedly. 
The report: 
In late July, one of these scientists—who asked to be referred to as Tea Leaves, a pseudonym that would protect his relationship with the networks and banks that employ him to sift their data—found what looked like malware emanating from Russia. The destination domain had Trump in its name, which of course attracted Tea Leaves' attention. But his discovery of the data was pure happenstance—a surprising needle in a large haystack of DNS lookups on his screen. 'I have an outlier here that connects to Russia in a strange way,' he wrote in his notes. He couldn't quite figure it out at first. But what he saw was a bank in Moscow that kept irregularly pinging a server registered to the Trump Organization on Fifth Avenue. 
More data was needed, so he began carefully keeping logs of the Trump server's DNS activity. As he collected the logs, he would circulate them in periodic batches to colleagues in the cybersecurity world. Six of them began scrutinizing them for clues. 
The researchers quickly dismissed their initial fear that the logs represented a malware attack. The communication wasn't the work of bots. The irregular pattern of server lookups actually resembled the pattern of human conversation—conversations that began during office hours in New York and continued during office hours in Moscow. It dawned on the researchers that this wasn't an attack, but a sustained relationship between a server registered to the Trump Organization and two servers registered to an entity called Alfa Bank. 
This news doesn't come out of nowhere. Trump has repeatedly praised Vladimir Putin as a strong leader, all while taking pro-Russia positions throughout the campaign that come straight off a Kremlin wishlist. 
The Clinton campaign was quick to jump on the report in a statement by Clinton Senior Policy Adviser Jake Sullivan: 
This secret hotline may be the key to unlocking the mystery of Trump's ties to Russia. It certainly seems the Trump Organization felt it had something to hide, given that it apparently took steps to conceal the link when it was discovered by journalists. 
This line of communication may help explain Trump's bizarre adoration of Vladimir Putin and endorsement of so many pro-Kremlin positions throughout this campaign. It raises even more troubling questions in light of Russia's masterminding of hacking efforts that are clearly intended to hurt Hillary Clinton's campaign. We can only assume that federal authorities will now explore this direct connection between Trump and Russia as part of their existing probe into Russia's meddling in our elections. 
Trump's pro-Russia rhetoric and policy positions are not a coincidence. The more information that comes out, the clearer it is that the Republican nominee has connections to Russia that he is hiding from voters. 
With just a week until Election Day, this is the explosive story the media should be focusing on. It's critical that the American people know what kind of financial ties a potential president has with an American adversary, especially when that adversary is Russia.
ARTICLE

By Sean Colarossi on Mon, Oct 31st, 2016 at 9:52 pm Trump used a 'tax avoidance maneuver so legally dubious his own lawyers advised him that the Internal Revenue Service would likely declare it improper if he were audited.' Share on Twitter Print This Post 
While Donald Trump has repeatedly said he took advantage of loopholes that allowed him to legally pay nothing in federal income taxes for decades, the New York Times reported on Monday that Trump may have actually crossed a legal boundary to avoid paying his fair share. 
According to the Times, the Republican nominee used a 'tax avoidance maneuver so legally dubious his own lawyers advised him that the Internal Revenue Service would likely declare it improper if he were audited.' 
The report: 
Tax experts who reviewed the newly obtained documents for The New York Times said Mr. Trump's tax avoidance maneuver, conjured from ambiguous provisions of highly technical tax court rulings, clearly pushed the edge of the envelope of what tax laws permitted at the time. 'Whatever loophole existed was not 'exploited' here, but stretched beyond any recognition,' said Steven M. Rosenthal, a senior fellow at the nonpartisan Tax Policy Center who helped draft tax legislation in the early 1990s. 
Moreover, the tax experts said the maneuver trampled a core tenet of American tax policy by conferring enormous tax benefits to Mr. Trump for losing vast amounts of other people's money — in this case, money investors and banks had entrusted to him to build a casino empire in Atlantic City. 
The reason that Trump bent over backward – and potentially broke laws – to avoid paying these taxes is because he was scrambling to 'stave off financial ruin.' 
This is the same man who claims he would be a great president because of his 'successful' business background. 
Yet, he calls himself the 'king of debt.' His businesses have declared bankruptcy six times. He has spent decades paying zero dollars in federal income taxes. He lost a billion dollars in a single year running a casino business. Reporting out tonight even suggests that he has direct financial ties to Russia. 
All of this is just the tip of the iceberg when it comes to his business background. 
Even as all of this information is out there, American voters still know very little about Donald Trump's finances because he has refused to be transparent about them. 
And consider this: What Trump is hiding in his tax returns must be much worse than the already damning information that keeps coming out through good reporting. If it weren't, he would have already released them. 
The latest New York Times story is just the latest installment of Trump's shady business background. The media should spend the remaining week of this campaign demanding more answers from a man who wants to be in charge of the country's pocketbook.
ARTICLE

By Sarah Jones on Tue, Nov 1st, 2016 at 12:30 am The United States District Court in New Jersey ordered discovery on Donald Trump and the RNC's poll monitoring efforts, with a hearing on November 4th, just days before the November 8th election. Share on Twitter Print This Post 
Republicans are being ordered to explain their comments that they will be monitoring the polls for 'voter fraud'. 
The United States District Court in New Jersey ordered discovery on Donald Trump and the RNC's poll monitoring efforts, with a hearing on November 4th, just days before the November 8th election. 
The order demands affidavits from several parties, including from someone with personal knowledge about the defendant's (RNC's) efforts with the Trump campaign to monitor precincts around the country, 'as indicated by Kellyanne Conway'. 
Affidavits are also demanded from several Republican operatives in various states who are said to be conducting state wide 'voter fraud' monitoring and poll monitoring, such as RNC member Rob Gleason's efforts to recruit persons to act as poll watchers in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania and RNC member Ronna Romney McDaniel's efforts in Michigan to prepare a 'massive, statewide anti-voter fraud effort'. 
The RNC must also answer for Governor Mike Pence's comments that the Trump campaign is working with state governments and secretaries of state to ensure 'ballot integrity'. 
This is what happens when you have zero regard for election law and try to go vigilante. 
Rick Hasen at Election Law Blog noted that the discovery granted is pretty broad, 'Pretty broad discovery required in short order, with hearing on November 4.' 
However, 'The judge rejected much of the discovery sought by the DNC given the time frame, but this should alone should be pretty educational on what efforts are actually going on behind the scenes.' 
The DNC filed a lawsuit against the Republican National Committee for violating a 1982 court order intended to prevent voter intimidation over Donald Trump's claims that the election is rigged and that his supporters need to go to the polls to intimidate voters. 
Donald Trump's urging that his supporters go to polling places other than their own (often in 'urban' areas) to watch voters is a clear violation of the consent decree and the court isn't likely to stand for it. 
So now discovery has been court-ordered, which is just more bad news for Republicans who are already facing an uphill battle in their bid for the White House. 
It's exceptionally unpatriotic to try to intimidate fellow citizens from exercising their right to vote. Everyone has the right to vote free of intimidation. Don't let anyone dissuade you from voting. 
The full court ruling is available here.
ARTICLE

By Hrafnkell Haraldsson on Tue, Nov 1st, 2016 at 8:00 am "Last spring...New York had to take legal action to collect $8,578 in unpaid taxes on the Trump-owned company that owns the trademark Boeing 757"   
We looked yesterday at Kurt Eichenwald's revelation that Donald Trump put off investigators for six months while busily destroying emails. That is hardly Trump's only misdeed, but how many people realize that Donald Trump, at this moment, has 75 – SEVENTY-FIVE – legal issues hanging over his head. 
He's lying 20 to 35 times a day and has his followers – and with much less excuse, the mainstream media – thoroughly distracted by the Clinton email nonstory so he can divert their attention away from his own legally questionable activities. 
USA TODAY reported at the end of October that 'Just two weeks before Election Day, at least 75 of the 4,000-plus lawsuits involving Trump and his businesses remain open, according to an ongoing, nationwide analysis of state and federal court records by USA TODAY.' 
It will surprise no one, because Trump is already deadbeating on his own pollster , that 'One Trump case, over non-payment of tips to caterers at Trump SoHo Hotel in New York City, is scheduled to go to trial a week before Election Day.' 
If one thing has become clear throughout this election it is that Trump does not pay his bills. Earlier, we had covered an incident where he had declined to finish paying a Florida contractor for work it did on one of his resorts, having decided that the contractor had been 'paid enough,' even though it wasn't the agreed-upon amount. Trump got nailed by the court for $300K in attorney's fees in that case. 
Just a few examples from USA TODAY's investigation: 
Trump faces significant open litigation tied to his businesses: angry members at his Jupiter, Fla. golf course say they were cheated out of refunds on their dues and a former employee at the same club claims she was fired after reporting sexual harassment. There's a fraud case brought by Trump University students who say the mogul's company ripped them off for tens of thousands in tuition for a sham real estate course. Trump is also defending lawsuits tied to his campaign. A disgruntled GOP political consultant sued for $4 million saying Trump defamed her. Another suit, a class action, says the campaign violated consumer protection laws by sending unsolicited text messages. 
As pointed out by USA TODAY's Nick Penzenstadler and John Kelly, these lawsuits will dog Trump into the White House, should he win. He will have no immunity because he is president. And America – and the world – will be treated to the spectacle of the President of the United States having to make trip after trip to the court to settle his highly questionable personal and business affairs. 
There are harassment cases, sex discrimination lawsuits, fraud, unpaid bills, racist comments, defamation, cases involving Trump University. As USA TODAY notes, 'as recently as last spring…New York had to take legal action to collect $8,578 in unpaid taxes on the Trump-owned company that owns the trademark Boeing 757 that jetted the mogul to campaign rallies across the country.' 
And those 75 cases will likely grow. 
Trump has promised, after all, to sue The New York Times and each of the women – NYMag maintains an exhaustive list – who have accused him of sexual assault. 
USA Today says it spent six months researching court records. 'The exclusive analysis,' they say, 'found an unprecedented mountain of legal battles for a presidential candidate, ranging from skirmishes with pageant contestants to multimillion dollar real estate lawsuits. The cases offer clues to the leadership style the billionaire would bring to the White House.' 
Donald Trump claims Clinton is tainted. He claims Clinton's emails are bigger than Watergate. The other day tweeted , 'We must not let #CrookedHillary take her CRIMINAL SCHEME into the Oval Office. #DrainTheSwamp.' 
This comes from the man who would turn the 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue into a morality No-Go Zone. 
All the facts – including the new disclosures about Trump's ties to a Russian server and his potentially illegal ploy to avoid paying taxes – make it clear that if Trump the deadbeat liar drains the swamp, he will be the first one down the drain.
ARTICLE

By Rmuse   10:00 am The voter suppression tactic is right out of the GOP [election rigging] playbook to suppress the Black vote in North Carolina.'   *The following is an opinion column by R Muse* 
Some Americans are likely aware of the psychological term 'projecting' that roughly means a person attributes their own faults and actions onto someone else; as an 'unconscious' form of transferring guilt for one's own actions. As soon as the Republican primaries concluded, Donald Trump projected Republicans' guilt for election rigging, either through vote obstruction or suppression, onto Democrats and his opponent Hillary Clinton. Republicans have been actively suppressing votes since the election of Barack Obama in 2008, and they have only ramped up their ' election rigging' activities over the past eight years; and yet Trump accuses Democrats of election rigging as frequently as most human beings draw breath. 
Yesterday, the North Carolina conference of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP) filed a lawsuit against North Carolina Republicans and demanded they put an immediate stop to the ' coordinated effort to suppress the Black vote in the state .' What the NAACP rightly said was that the voter suppression tactic was ' right out of the GOP [election rigging] playbook to suppress the Black vote in the state. ' 
The election rigging amounts to three counties in North Carolina canceling voter registration of thousands of, mostly African American, Democratic residents a week before the presidential election. The lawsuit charged election officials in Beaufort, Moore, and Cumberland counties of denying primarily African American voters' eligibility to participate in democracy because their voter registration documents mysteriously were ' bounced back as undeliverable. ' 
Most of the voters whose eligibility to vote was denied and flagged for purging, such as James Edward Arthur Sr. had moved within the same county and were still legally allowed to cast ballots. Many of the purged voters lived at their ' original registration address ' and were victims of a ' simple postal service error. ' 
Mr. Arthur is an African American who lives in a nursing home and has voted in at least the last 14 elections in the same county he was born and raised in without issue. Arthur testified that he, like thousands of other African American Democratic voters, never received any state or county election documents informing him that his eligibility was denied, or that if he didn't attend an appeal hearing to maintain his right to vote he would be denied the right to participate in democracy. Mr. Arthur said, 
' If I knew my right to vote was in jeopardy, I would do whatever I could to protect it. I want and plan to vote in the upcoming election, but I am concerned that since my registration has been canceled I will not be able to cast a ballot or it will not be counted .' 
It is what any sane human being would consider ' election rigging ' simply because the tri-county ploy targeted primarily African Americans who typically vote for Democrats. It is also something North Carolina Republicans have been guilty of for the past six years. 
According to the NAACP lawsuit, North Carolina Republicans are in violation of the National Voter Registration Act which ' bans the systemic removal of voters from the rolls in the final 90 days before an election .' Republican election officials State officials defended their ' election rigging ' and said they were justified in ' purging tens-of-thousands ' of mainly African American Democratic voters' eligibility, the definition of systemic, on an individual basis. 
However, the NAACP also accused Republicans of conducting a coordinated mailing campaign for the sole purpose of challenging the eligibility of thousands of mainly African American voters' eligibility who did not receive the mailing. One Republican who ran for a local office last year, Shane Hubers, challenged the registration of voters, the majority who are them Democrats,  in Beaufort County. 
In one of the other counties charged in the lawsuit, Cumberland County, one ' individual used returned mail to challenge the registrations of 3,951 mostly Democratic voters .' In Moore County, the secretary of the local Republican Party, N. Carol Wheeldon, challenged approximately 400 mainly African American registered voters; likely because they do not vote for Republicans. 
The lead attorney for the NAACP's lawsuit, Penda Hair, said that although she cannot yet prove there is a concerted Republican ' election rigging ' conspiracy; 
' We know that in two of the counties, the people who brought the challenges had connections to the local Republican Party. We also know that the pattern of these challenges is very similar across the counties .' Ms. Hair also noted that, ' in Moore County the return address of a right-wing group called the Voter Integrity Project appeared on the mail that was used to challenge voters. This is a very pernicious treatment of voters ,' she said. It is also a deliberate act of ' election rigging ' by Republicans. 
The president of the North Carolina NAACP, Reverend Dr. William Barber said, 
' We are seeing the worst attempts of voter suppression here in North Carolina that we've seen since the days of Jim Crow. The Tar Heel state is ground zero in the intentional, surgical efforts to suppress the voice of voters. These attempts are a direct affront to our Constitution .' 
The NAACP lawsuit is demanding the state reinstate all voters challenged since 2012 using this 'election rigging ' process back on the rolls immediately. The organization also demands that the state notifies the voters that they have been reinstated as eligible voters, and allow them to cast regular ballots early or on Election Day. They have already put in a request for an emergency hearing this week to decide the case. 
It might be the case that the NAACP's request for a hearing may be granted; especially in light of these new charges arising just days after a federal court ruled that North Carolina Republicans violated the National Voter Registration Act in yet another manner; failing to add tens of thousands of voters to the rolls who registered at a DMV office over the past few years. 
Last Thursday U.S. District Court Judge Loretta Biggs ordered North Carolina Republicans to permit those tens-of-thousands of voters to cast provisional ballots. It is highly doubtful that North Carolina Republicans will obey the Federal Judge's orders because they have been the recipients of several court orders over their 'election rigging' actions that have had no effect whatsoever or the Republicans would not continue disenfranchising voters. 
Republicans have been on a tear to rig elections since the American people first elected Barack Obama as President, and the conservatives on the Supreme Court are ultimately guilty of conspiring with Republicans to suppress, or obstruct, the voting rights of primarily people of color because they don't support Republicans. To be perfectly clear, it is irrelevant if it is called voter suppression, obstruction, or disenfranchisement; it is a deliberate attempt to rig elections. And it is only Republicans and the Koch brothers' outfit the American Legislative Exchange Council (ALEC), who are behind each and every attempt in Republican-controlled states to kill democracy by doing what the Republican Party standard bearer Donald Trump is guilty of projecting; rig elections.
ARTICLE

By Hrafnkell Haraldsson   9:04 am The KKK newspaper features the front page full page story "Make America Great Again" with a big featured center photo of Donald Trump   
Rachel Maddow traces the history of the post-Civil War 'Enforcement Acts' signed by President Ulysses S. Grant, including the Ku Klux Klan Act , or The Enforcement Act of 1871 (17 Stat. 13), which still makes it illegal to conspire to intimidate voters. 
To show that the Klan Act is not 'vestigial' but very much relevant in this election, Maddow points to the citation of this law by the Democrat Party in a 'whole raft of lawsuits' in Nevada, Arizona, Pennsylvania and Ohio alleging voter intimidation. 
Maddow points out that though voter intimidation is illegal anyway, the significance of the Klan Act is that it prohibits 'conspiracy' to 'prevent by force, intimidation, or threat, any citizen who is lawfully entitled to vote, from giving his support or advocacy in a legal manner, toward or in favor of the election of any lawfully qualified person as an elector for President or Vice President, or as a member of Congress of the United States.' 
As an example of the role the KKK plays in Trump's campaign, Maddow produced the KKK's newspaper of today, which bills itself as 'The Political Voice of White Christian America,' which, you might note, is identical with Fox News demographic. This paper, she says, 'has been turning up on front lawns in the great state of Georgia.' 
Watch courtesy of MSNBC (discussion begins at 9:15 mark): 
Tonight we just got a hold of this disgusting development. This is the newspaper of the Ku Klux Klan today. It's The Crusader, the political voice of white Christian America. The premier voice of white resistance. They've got — you see the white power symbol there in the upper right-hand corner? They've got a whole media operation going on apparently. Watch white pride TV, listen to KKK radio 24 hours a day. This newsletter is about 12 pages long, features articles on 'the threat of nonwhite immigration,' a very subtle feature on black people committing terrible crimes against white people. There's an article by the founder of the America First Party which is all about the terrorist Jews. He brags in his byline that he's the man who David Duke credits for awakening him to the threat of Jewish supremacism. It's exactly what you would think from the Ku Klux Klan newspaper. If you knew there was a Ku Klux Klan newspaper these days. But the front page full page story is 'Make America Great Again' with a big featured center photo of Donald Trump. It's one of several articles in the paper about Trump, including this in-set article about how Trump's candidacy is 'moving the dialogue forward.' […] Those are a couple of the many, many robocalls that were made during the Republican primary campaign on behalf of Donald Trump's candidacy, calls made by a white nationalist group that calls itself the American National Super PAC. The Trump campaign doesn't appear to have anything to do with these calls. They reportedly returned a donation from the white nationalist guy who you hear on the call when it was first reported that he was making these calls and that he was a Trump donor. It was further embarrassing to the Trump campaign when this guy, this farmer and white nationalist who does these robocalls, he was initially picked to be a Trump delegate to the Republican Convention this year before his delegate status once got yanked once it was widely reported. 
Donald Trump's white supremacist followers have made no secret of the fact that they want a 'White homeland' and that, of necessity, the United States must be this White homeland. As Maddow has pointed out in the past, and by their own admission, their 'eugenics insanity' is now out in the open because of Donald Trump. 
Don't believe Maddow? Demographics Pro looked at '10,000 Donald Trump Twitter supporters [and] found that more than one third follow white nationalist Twitter accounts.' 
The fact is, Trump has mainstreamed white supremacy and by not strongly denouncing it, brought it into his own 'movement,' which seems to be a meeting place for much more than disaffected white working-class Americans, whatever the mainstream media tells you. 
The Trump campaign is a maelstrom of hate, and the KKK is right at the heart of it.
ARTICLE

In a major omen of potential election disaster for Republicans, Donald Trump has scored the lowest rating in the history of Gallup's presidential leadership poll. 
Gallup released their presidential leadership survey, and the results were historically bad for Donald Trump: 
Voters rate Trump worse than any other presidential candidate in Gallup's records on having the personality and leadership qualities a president should have. Previous readings were taken in late October in the 2000, 2004 and 2008 campaigns. In those years, between 52% and 61% of registered voters said the two major-party candidates had the right personality and leadership qualities — a sharp contrast to Trump's current 32%. Clinton's rating of 51% is one percentage point below the previous low score. 
Clinton's score, while low, was one point of the range for previous presidential cycles going back to 2000. Trump's score was twenty percent below the lowest score in the history of the poll. 
Voters aren't going to elect a man to be the next president who they view as lacking the basic qualities of presidential leadership. The popular vote total in 2016 may reflect the nation's political polarization, but there is a reason why electoral map projections continue to look very good for the Democratic candidate. 
Donald Trump has failed the most elemental test for any presidential candidate. He doesn't look, act, or behave like a person who has the qualities needed to occupy the Oval Office and lead the United States of America. 
The last week before election day tension that is in the air is normal, but the fundamental motivating factors of this contest haven't changed. Democrats are holding on to their electoral map advantage, while Donald Trump has become the central issue and question on the ballot. 
Republicans look to be heading for a major ballot box disaster because voters do not believe that Donald Trump is fit to be president.
ARTICLE

By Sarah Jones on Tue, Nov 1st, 2016 at 11:48 am A "veteran" spy is alleging that Russia is cultivating, supporting and assisting Donald Trump and has been for at least five years. The spy said the response from the FBI was "shock and horror." Share on Twitter Print This Post 
A 'veteran' spy is alleging that Russia is cultivating, supporting and assisting Donald Trump and has been for at least five years. The spy said the response from the FBI was 'shock and horror.' 
The report alleges that Trump and his 'inner circle' have accepted a regular 'flow of intelligence from the Kremlin and that Russian intelligence claims to have 'compromised' Trump on his visits and could 'blackmail him'. 
David Corn at Mother Jones reported: 
Mother Jones has reviewed that report and other memos this former spy wrote. The first memo, based on the former intelligence officer's conversations with Russian sources, noted, 'Russian regime has been cultivating, supporting and assisting TRUMP for at least 5 years. Aim, endorsed by PUTIN, has been to encourage splits and divisions in western alliance.' It maintained that Trump 'and his inner circle have accepted a regular flow of intelligence from the Kremlin, including on his Democratic and other political rivals.' It claimed that Russian intelligence had 'compromised' Trump during his visits to Moscow and could 'blackmail him.' It also reported that Russian intelligence had compiled a dossier on Hillary Clinton based on 'bugged conversations she had on various visits to Russia and intercepted phone calls.' 
The former intelligence officer says the response from the FBI was 'shock and horror.' The FBI, after receiving the first memo, did not immediately request additional material, according to the former intelligence officer and his American associates. Yet in August, they say, the FBI asked him for all information in his possession and for him to explain how the material had been gathered and to identify his sources. The former spy forwarded to the bureau several memos—some of which referred to members of Trump's inner circle. After that point, he continued to share information with the FBI. 'It's quite clear there was or is a pretty substantial inquiry going on,' he says. 
In August, Corn reports, the FBI asked the spy for all information related to his findings and he 'continued to share information with the FBI' which he says made it clear there was a 'pretty substantial inquiry going on.' 
If this report is accurate, the spy's information confirms what Senator Harry Reid says intelligence experts and FBI Director James Comey already shared with him regarding 'explosive information' regarding ties and coordination between Donald Trump and Russia. 
This report also rings true given report about the Trump server repeatedly being connected to Russia, including Trump's server possibly communicating with a Russian bank. 
It also makes sense given the many ties to Russia within Trump's own campaign and indeed Trump's own rhetoric regarding NATO and Russia. Trump changed the Republican Party platform's pro-Ukraine proposals and talked about weakening NATO, both of which mirrored Putin's wish list. NBC reported Monday evening that the FBI is in the preliminary stages of investigating Trump's ex-campaign manager's connection to Russia. 
Donald Trump has already been busted for reading Russian propaganda at his rallies, as Newsweek's Kurt Eichenwald uncovered an instance of Trump reading propaganda directly from Putin at a rally in Pennsylvania. 
Eichenwald pointed out something vital and that is that the Russians have been hacking into American emails and then falsifying them in hopes of impacting the presidential election, 'The Russians have been obtaining American emails and now are presenting complete misrepresentations of them—falsifying them—in hopes of setting off a cascade of events that might change the outcome of the presidential election. The big question, of course, is why are the Russians working so hard to damage Clinton and, in the process, aid Donald Trump?' 
The answer to why Putin is trying so hard to defeat Clinton might be in multiple reports that he fears her. Unlike Donald Trump, Hillary Clinton is no pushover. According to former U.S. officials, Putin sees Clinton as a 'forceful proponent of 'regime change' policies that the Russian leader considers a grave threat to his own survival.' 
Trump has been acting like someone already groomed by the Kremlin. He's been a willing puppet for their dangerous goal of destroying western democracy, he is easily flattered and easily manipulated. It's also easy to see how they could have gotten something on him with which to blackmail him – see the Billy Bush bus tape of Trump bragging about sexual assault. Trump is easy bait. 
The fact that the FBI Director felt compelled to announce something about Hillary's emails that turned out to not be about her emails but about her aide's emails and even then he wasn't sure what they said or even if they were duplicates, but he chose to keep this explosive information about Donald Trump's ties to Russia under wraps is very disturbing. 
This isn't a matter of partisan disagreement about the rules the FBI follows about ongoing investigations. This is a matter of national security at this point if all of these reports from different sources are accurate. But the fact that they come from different sources and that Trump willingly staffed his own campaign with Russian ties and he is advocating for their dream positions and he reads their propaganda straight from the vault so to speak — these facts add up to what looks like a terrifying fire of epic proportions.
ARTICLE

By Sarah Jones on Tue, Nov 1st, 2016 at 1:26 pm Comey struggled with not wanting to appear biased as the FBI investigated Russian interference with the U.S. presidential election, and so he told the Obama administration not to accuse Russia of the DNC hackings lest they be seen as "partisan". Share on Twitter Print This Post 
Russia did hack the Democrats. So all of that email information that the media has been reporting came from a foreign entity that seeks to alter the outcome of the U.S. election. 
But FBI Director James Comey struggled with not wanting to appear biased as the FBI investigated Russian interference with the U.S. presidential election, and so he told the Obama administration not to accuse Russia of the DNC hackings lest they be seen as 'partisan'. 
Republican FBI Director James Comey advised the Obama administration not to publicly accuse Russia of hacking the DNC and more 'on the grounds that it would make the administration appear unduly partisan too close to the Nov. 8 election,' officials 'familiar with the deliberations' told the Washington Post. 
These sources with knowledge of the internal discussions spoke to the Post on the condition of anonymity. 
There are a few reasons why Comey might want to keep his agency's investigation of Russian interference under the radar, but given his choice to publicly suggest that his agency might be re-opening its exhaustive investigation of Clinton's emails, which resulted from a Republican-led, bogus, overreaching and seemingly endless Benghazi investigation that also cleared Clinton, it seems odd that Comey was going to stay silent on the Russia matter. 
Comey's decisions is especially odd given the reports that the Russians have been communicating and coordinating with Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump to the point that he is already 'compromised.' 
Only one of these matters might allow a foreign power control over the United States president. 
The same sources tell the Post that Comey made the decision to reveal the Clinton emails to Congress because he had already testified in that matter and said the investigation was closed, which suggests that he was concerned with his own reputation. 
Not sure I'm buying that because if Comey really only cared about his own reputation ahead of not appearing partisan he wouldn't have said anything at all, but that doesn't mean that his motives were nefarious. 
There might well be good reason for this – after all, this is the FBI and they can't tell us everything, but as of right now Comey has mishandled this `and appears to be trying to influence an election to help Republicans. Just because he is a Republican and just because he has donated to Republicans doesn't mean he isn't doing his job properly. 
But Comey has a lot of explaining to do right now. He is under fire for good reason, as the explanations he's giving for these decisions don't make sense and are contradictory.
ARTICLE

The letter from James Comey about the Hillary Clinton email scandal has motivated Democrats, as the Clinton campaign says they raised $11.3 million online in the last 72 hours. 
Lisa Lerer of the AP reported: Clinton campaign says they've raised $11.3M online in last 72 hrs – the most $s since Clinton became nominee at the convention 
— Lisa Lerer (@llerer) November 1, 2016 
The Comey letter was supposed to boost Trump and depress Democratic turnout, but the opposite appears to be happening. James Comey's interference in the presidential election has motivated Clinton supporters to work harder, give more money, and get to the polls, which in not what Republicans wanted at all. 
Democrats have seen through Comey's letter and the Republican spin. The October surprise has failed. Instead, it has made Hillary Clinton even stronger while giving her campaign more resources to use to close out the presidential election. 
As a political tactic, the Comey letter is harming Republicans. 
Republicans have thrown everything that they can think of at Hillary Clinton, and nothing has stopped her. Hillary Clinton and her supporters continue to grow stronger, while Donald Trump is marching back into reality television star C-list celebrity obscurity.
ARTICLE

While campaigning for Hillary Clinton in Florida, Alicia Machado described in detail the abuse inflicted on her by Donald Trump at the Miss Universe pageant. 
Clip: 
— CBS News (@CBSNews) November 1, 2016 
Machado said, 'I was scared of him. He made fun of me, and I didn't know how to respond. He told me I was ugly. I was massive. He called me names. He called me Miss Piggy, Miss Housekeeping, Miss Eating Machine….For years, afterward, I was sick fighting back eating disorders.' 
Machado added, 'It's clear. It's really clear that he does not respect women. He just judges us on our looks.' 
It is smart to take every opportunity to remind voters that as a human being, Donald Trump has consistently behaved in public like trash. He is a man who hates women and treats more than half of the population like objects. 
Having Machado introduce Clinton in Florida was also savvy politics. Trump has never demonstrated the personal restraint needed not to take the bait. Machado's comments should cause Trump to blow up again, and throw his dire campaign even further off message. 
Hillary Clinton is setting Trump with a masterful trap. No one has been better at feeding negative Trump news cycles than the candidate himself. Trump can't resist defending himself, and Hillary Clinton is setting the Republican nominee up to open his mouth and wallow in his own sexist mud.
ARTICLE

By Jason Easley   5:03 pm 370 of nation's top economists have come together to urge the American people not to elect Donald Trump to be the next President Of The United States.   
370 of nation's top economists have come together to urge the American people not to elect Donald Trump to be the next President Of The United States. 
In the letter , the economists listed a dozen economic policy reasons why voters should not vote for Trump, but it as their conclusion that was stunning, 'He promotes magical thinking and conspiracy theories over sober assessments of feasible economic policy options.Donald Trump is a dangerous, destructive choice for the country. He misinforms the electorate, degrades trust in public institutions with conspiracy theories, and promotes willful delusion over engagement with reality. If elected, he poses a unique danger to the functioning of democratic and economic institutions, and to the prosperity of the country. For these reasons, we strongly recommend that you do not vote for Donald Trump.' 
Trump's thoughts on the economy are dangerous to the prosperity of the country. It isn't just that Trump is a person of bad character who lacks any of the human traits that voters should seek in a president. It is also that his policies are nonsense. 
Economists don't write these types of letters ever. The economists aren't discussing partisan politics. They view Trump and his ideas as a threat to the American economy. 
Donald Trump's economic ideas aren't based in reality. Trump is selling a fantasy, and when 370 of the nation's top economists warn that a vote for Trump is a dangerous choice for the country, voters would be wise to listen.
ARTICLE

By Hrafnkell Haraldsson   8:47 pm "We're not conceding we're behind. In our enthusiasm, we have closed the gap...dramatically over the last week."   
Donald Trump's deputy campaign manager, the Clinton-obsessed Republican operative, David Bossie, told ABC News' George Stephanopoulos this morning that 'there's an enthusiasm gap' and that this bit of math Republicans do is Trump's path to victory on November 8. 
This is how the conversation went, per CBS News' Sopan Deb , as always highlighting the important bits: 
Stephanopoulos was not about to let Bossie get away with the claim about Trump's tax returns, and hammered him on the issue: "He's going to release [his tax return] when he is not under audit."– David Bossie, Trump Deputy Campaign Manager https://t.co/Y9xVg0rJIX 
— Good Morning America (@GMA) November 1, 2016 
Bossie deflected like a pro. You can see why Trump hired him. 
As a corollary to Bossie's claims, Trump suddenly found himself interested in polls again this morning, tweeting , Wow, now leading in @ABC / @washingtonpost Poll 46 to 45. Gone up 12 points in two weeks, mostly before the Crooked Hillary blow-up! 
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 1, 2016 
The Trump campaign has always been about making much out of nothing; elections are not rigged if Trump gets his way, and neither are polls if Trump is leading. Otherwise, it's all left-wing shenanigans. 
However, even Newt Gingrich isn't buying the new poll: Washington Post-ABC poll is an absurdity. Trump has not moved up 13 points in the last 8 days.he was NEVER 12 points behind. Ignore polls 
— Newt Gingrich (@newtgingrich) November 1, 2016 
And what Trump fails to mention is that his lead disappears if Johnson and Stein are taken out of the mix: then Clinton leads by +1 . 
These latest claims are an absolute sham as Clinton leads overwhelmingly in early voting and Comey's email gambit seems to have failed to sway voters to Trump's camp. 
Meanwhile, Trump's own legal problems are beginning to overwhelm the narrative , and if there is any evidence of a Clinton enthusiasm gap it exists only in Bossie's own head. 
David Bossie is living proof that Clinton's 'vast right-wing conspiracy is real,' and all the hating on Hillary isn't going to change the fact that it is Trump who is the crooked candidate, not Hillary Clinton.
ARTICLE

By Jason Easley on Tue, Nov 1st, 2016 at 9:38 pm The more things change, the more they stay the same. The House Freedom Caucus is planning a secret meeting, which in typical Republican fashion was leaked to the press, to discuss ousting Paul Ryan and demanding more ransom from GOP leadership. Share on Twitter Print This Post 
The more things change, the more they stay the same. The House Freedom Caucus is planning a secret meeting, which in typical Republican fashion was leaked to the press, to discuss ousting Paul Ryan and demanding more ransom from GOP leadership. 
Politico reported , 'One of the most pressing questions preoccupying Washington is what the group will do about Paul Ryan. The Wisconsin Republican has said he intends to seek another term as House speaker but has rankled members of the group of several dozen Republican lawmakers that drove John Boehner out of the Speakership last year. The Freedom Caucus is also weighing proposals meant to empower its members, some at the expense of GOP leadership's authority.' 
There have been early rumblings that Speaker Ryan may be open to making a few deals on policies like tax reform with Hillary Clinton if she wins the election. One of the reasons why these deals may never happen is because of the ability of far right Republicans to cause trouble. 
If Ryan's Republican majority shrinks, he will be an even bigger hostage to the far-right wing of his caucus. The dysfunctional dynamic in the House is going to continue even if Hillary Clinton wins the election. Ryan has run into the same hurdles that John Boehner faced. House Republicans are deeply divided and unable to agree on much of anything. 
The fact that the Freedom Caucus is holding a secret meeting is a sign that nothing is going to change. If Paul Ryan doesn't cave to their demands, they will force Ryan out of the Speaker position. 
A group of House Republicans is plotting new ways to keep the House from working properly before a new president has even been elected. 
This is a reminder that Washington is fine. It's the Republican Party that's broken.
ARTICLE

By Jason Easley on Tue, Nov 1st, 2016 at 10:23 pm Republicans are so far removed from reality that Sean Hannity spread a fake news story on his radio show, and nobody noticed the difference. Share on Twitter Print This Post 
Republicans are so far removed from reality that Sean Hannity spread a fake news story on his radio show, and nobody noticed the difference. 
CNN reported, 'The progression of events illustrates how fake news stories expand and spread from fringe web sites to nationally syndicated radio shows with millions of listeners. In this case, the fake news originated on a dubious site called 'Your News Wire,' which publishes a mix of true, slanted and made-up news. Then, like a game of telephone, by the time the story got to Hannity, even the fake facts were wrong.' 
Some right-wing websites spread the story, which turned into a tall tale that added new details at each stop. The fake news eventually reached The Gateway Pundit, and to Sean Hannity's radio show. 
After spreading the fake news to millions of listeners, Hannity downplayed his responsibility to get the facts right, 'Bottom line it was brought up in an insignificant way, I was dealing with more important issues like HRC crimes and lies and how CNN has been colluding with the Clinton campaign and CHEATING Bernie Sanders.' 
Hannity was busy dealing with real fake issues like Hillary Clinton's 'crimes' and how the election is being stolen from Donald Trump. 
How Hannity put a fake story on the air is a perfect example of how the right-wing media echo chamber works. Nobody at any level bothered to check the facts because in the Republican Party belief has replaced fact. Conservative media knows that their audience wants confirmation of their beliefs, so that is what they provide. 
It doesn't matter if the confirmation is true. What matters is that the audience wants it to be true. 
Sean Hannity is pushing fake news, and he doesn't care. 
This is why there is such a disconnect between Republicans and the rest of the country. Republican voters are living in a fantasy land that Donald Trump was able to exploit and ride the whole way to the Republican nomination. 
The conservative media bubble is alive and well, and because of this, things will get a lot worse for Republicans before they begin to get better.
ARTICLE

As a new poll shows 28% of early Republican Florida voters casting their vote for Clinton, Donald Trump is getting desperate. 
The Republican nominee begged Clinton voters to change their vote in 6 states where it's not too late to do so. Trump wrote Wednesday morning, 'So now that you can see Hillary was a big mistake, change your vote to MAKE AMERICAN GREAT AGAIN!' You can change your vote in six states. So, now that you see that Hillary was a big mistake, change your vote to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 2, 2016 
Tuesday evening Trump made the case that due to the FBI's announcement about Clinton's emails voters might have buyers' remorse , 'A lot of things have happened over the last few days. This is a message for any Democratic voters who have already cast their ballots for Hillary Clinton and are having a bad case of buyers' remorse — in other words you want to change your vote — Wisconsin is one of several states where you can change your early ballot if you think you've made a mistake.' 
While it's true that people in some states can change their votes, it's not true that this rule was changed because of Hillary Clinton's 'emails' and yes, that's a new Right wing 'thing' apparently. Trump doesn't suggest the law was changed because of Clinton, but he seems to think people will be rushing to change their mind about Clinton because of the non-surprise October 'surprise!' the Republican FBI Director delivered , which was perceived to have benefited the Trump ticket. 
Days ago, Snopes debunked the notion that changing early votes is being allowed because of the FBI's bizarre announcement that they may or may not have more emails pertaining to Clinton. 
Claim: After FBI Director Jim Comey announced that he was reviewing e-mails potentially linked to Hillary Clinton, several states announced that they were allowing people to change their early votes. mixture 
WHAT'S TRUE: Some states allow early voters to change their votes before election day. 
WHAT'S FALSE: No states changed their election laws in order to allow people who voted early for Hillary Clinton to change their votes. 
And to make this even better, that false information was based on a Fox News report that wasn't selling the false story about Clinton, but still got some of the information wrong. This is why the Right can't have nice things. The Left should be vigilant against allowing itself to become too insular, because epistemic closure leads to losing. 
Trump conveniently ignores his own history of email dumping, exhaustive list of lawsuits, bragging about sexual assault, dissing minorities and a Gold Star family, and national security experts investigating his ties and his campaign's ties to Russia. 
Only a desperate candidate runs on trying to get people to change their votes to him because someone found a Clinton aide's emails when they don't even know what they say or if they are duplicates yet. 
While this race is far from over, if all Americans get off their butts and go vote, Donald Trump faces an uphill battle to the White House.
ARTICLE

By Hrafnkell Haraldsson on Wed, Nov 2nd, 2016 at 9:02 am 'You know, I am sick and tired of the negative, dark, divisive, dangerous vision and behavior from people who support Donald Trump." Share on Twitter Print This Post 
Speaking at Reverend Samuel Delevoe Memorial Park in Fort Lauderdale, Tuesday night, Hillary Clinton was interrupted by a Donald Trump supporter who shouted: 'Bill Clinton is a rapist!' He was no doubt working for the $5,000 reward offered by InfoWars. But Clinton was having none of it. Rather than ignoring the man, she issued a stern rebuke. Stabbing her finger at the man, she said: 
'You know, I am sick and tired of the negative, dark, divisive, dangerous vision and behavior from people who support Donald Trump.' 
The man continued to shout, waving his sign, and the crowd countered with cries of 'Hillary! Hillary!' as she said, 
'It is time for us to say no, we are not going backwards, we're going forward into a brighter future.' 
The protester was escorted out by security, and Clinton told the man, and everyone like him, 'You may be angry about something, but anger is not a plan. Don't be used. Don't be exploited.' 
See the protester's antics here. Note that he was neither roughed up nor attacked by Clinton supporters: 
Sadly, all too many angry white Christians are allowing themselves to be exploited by Donald Trump, who represents the very forces that have deprived them of the American dream, a man whom, as Clinton says, has taken everything, and given nothing. 
Last night, in Florida, Hillary Clinton was taking nothing, and giving everything. 
Photo: Screen capture
