ARTICLE

Delegation from India visited Kamaz 26 October 2016 RIR There are prospects of cooperation between India and the Russian auto giant. Facebook india , kamaz , cooperation 
A delegation from the Indian company KLT Automotive & Tubular Products Ltd. visited the facilities of KAMAZ PJSC (member enterprise of State Corporation Rostec). 
The purpose of the Indian manufacturer's visit was to hold talks about the prospects of cooperation with the Russian auto giant. At the talks, the Indian side was represented by Bhavini Kishorebhai Thakkar, Managing Director of KLT Automotive, while KAMAZ was represented by its General Director Sergey Kogogin. 
Indian guests visited the production lines of the engine plant, press and stamping, and automobile factories. During the visit, the delegation also visited the joint venture CUMMINS KAMAZ and the KAMAZ Scientific and Technical Center, where talks were also held. 
The company KLT Automotive & Tubular Products Ltd. was founded in 1994. It manufactures automotive frames, spars and stiffeners, as well as tubular products. The company's head office is located in Mumbai. In addition to production sites in India, KLT Automotive also has operations in South Africa. Facebook 

ARTICLE

brics , geopolitics , cooperation BRICS leaders at the summit in Goa. Source:Kremlin.ru 
A lot of people want to see the BRICS fail. Western nations, in particular the United States and Britain, are prime suspects. However, there are plenty of unwitting commentators in the emerging world who are playing into the West's hands. Each year, as the BRICS summit draws near, the cacophony from these haters grows louder. Questions about the viability and relevance of the BRICS are raised in the media. 
During the build-up to the Goa summit this year, the refrain was similar but with the background buzz that the India-China rift over Pakistan-backed terrorism would derail the summit. However, the predicted outcome of an implosion didn't materialise and, on the contrary, with India and Russia inking the S-400 missile deal , Goa 2016 turned out to be a memorable event. 
Since many innocent readers may have been misinformed by the compromised commentators – who will certainly be back like a bounced cheque next year – here's a ready reckoner on the BRICS group. So the next time you hear remarks that the BRICS are collapsing, don't lose sleep over the issue. World needs BRICS 
Most of the global multilateral institutions that exist today are no longer relevant. The IMF and the World Bank, for instance, were founded during the closing years of World War II. In geopolitical time, that's ancient history. Similarly, the G-7 appears to be on life support and the OECD (Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development) is no longer a leading organisation. 
Russia, China and India must play a leading role in greater Eurasia 
With the western economies perched on monetary and budgetary cliffs, the five BRICS members provide a stable alternate force that offsets the West's decline. Both China and India continue to experience high economic growth and are on course to become mega economies that will completely dwarf the West in the coming decades. Beijing's growth may have fallen under 7 per cent but that's enough to add the equivalent of Holland's national income to the Chinese GDP. 
Bottom line: without the BRICS, the world economy will experience 1929 all over again. BRICS slowdown, not a meltdown 
Uday Kotak, executive vice-president of Kotak Mahindra Bank, feels India should quit the BRICS coalition because of the slowdown in four of the five economies. His view has been echoed by several so-called experts. But curiously, have you ever heard any economist or banker say the OECD must disband because it has basket cases such as Greece or terror exporters such as Turkey? 
According to the US-based Centre on Global Interests , 'You can look at the BRICS from the financial market's point of view, or from a geopolitical point of view. But whichever lens you view it through, what you see is the same: despite economic slowdowns and even economic hardship in some nations, these are far and away the most powerful countries outside of the developed core. Their economies have scale. Their decisions can move financial markets. They have intellectual capital and clout within their regions. And in terms of foreign policy, they are the counterweight to a unipolar world run largely by Washington and its friends in London and Brussels.' 
It adds: 'In both of these regards – economics and foreign policy – the BRICS are alive and kicking. In fact, they are more relevant today than they were in November 2001, when Jim O'Neill grouped them into the strange bedfellows that they have become.' Bilaterals can't bring down the BRICS 
If the UN fails to discuss relevant political issues, the international body is considered a failure. But BRICS is not a platform that was created for discussing politics. The primary role of the five-member group is to remove the West's grip from the levers that control the world economy. By establishing their own New Development Bank, the BRICS have ensured that the IMF is no longer the world's lender-of-last-resort. 
In this backdrop, fears that bilateral issues involving India and China will wreck summits have consistently proved to be baseless. 
It's time for BRICS to go on political overdrive 
Take Goa 2016. While the Goa Declaration mentions terror, the focus of the summit was not terrorism at all. Sure, Prime Minister Narendra Modi took a shot at Pakistan, describing it as the 'mothership of terrorism', and China defended its ally by saying it had made 'great sacrifices'. But both New Delhi and Beijing were merely playing to their respective galleries even as the real summitry was happening behind closed doors. 
To be sure, politics can be tabled if it's a side dish – like Syria was a couple of years ago – but issues with the potential to derail the summit simply have no place in BRICS. 
Critics of the BRICS often point to the India-China border issue as evidence of serious problems. But this misses the point. There always will be different opinions and views among the BRICS countries – just like there are differences among NATO or European Union members. BRICS are not united but it doesn't matter 
Unlike NATO or the European Union, where the member countries have more or less the same goals and are also of the same racial stock, each of the BRICS countries is different. However, their membership of BRICS gives them a common goal – development. As emerging countries, they are focussed on raising their standards of living. 
The fact that they are united as a group, despite such stark differences in national goals, opinions and geopolitical rivalries and even outright hostilities, points to the viability of the BRICS. Facebook 

ARTICLE

Fifth Varshavyanka submarine joins Russia's Navy 26 October 2016 TASS By the end of this year the Russian Navy will have the sixth submarine in the series, The Kolpino. Facebook submarines , russian navy , black sea fleet 
The fifth non-nuclear submarine of project 636.3, The Veliki Novgorod, has joined the Russian Navy, a TASS correspondent reports from the flag-hoisting ceremony at the Admiralty Shipyards in St. Petersburg, attended by the Russian Navy's Deputy commander, Vice-Admiral Alexander Fedotenkov and the shipyards' CEO Alexander Buzakov. 
"The Veliki Novgorod submarine has been through all government certification tests. All of the previous submarines in that series built for the Black Sea Fleet have confirmed the expected parameters, too," Buzakov said. 
The Veliki Novgorod is the fifth in the group of six submarines of project 636.3 (Varshavyanka) built for the Black Sea Fleet. The first two - The Novorossiysk and The Rostov-on-Don were delivered in 2014, and another two, The Stary Oskol and The Krasnodar, in 2015. By the end of this year the Russian Navy will have the sixth submarine in the series, The Kolpino. The flag-hoisting ceremony is due November 25. 
Another six Varshavyanka subs will be built at the Admiralty shipyards for the Pacific Fleet. The contract was signed at the Army-2016 forum near Moscow. The last submarine in the second group is to be delivered in 2021. 
First published by TASS . 

ARTICLE

Spetsnaz GRU: Russian special operations forces The Spetsnaz GRU was designed to carry out reconnaissance and sabotage activity on the enemy's territory. By Boris Egorov , RIR Russia's Ministry of Defence 
Military special operation forces are elite units of the Russian Armed Forces. They are controlled by the Main Intelligence Agency (GRU) under General Staff. 
The primary function of special forces in wartime is infiltration behind enemy lines, usually well before hostilities are scheduled to begin and, once in place, to commit acts of sabotage (such as the destruction of vital communications logistics centers, the command posts for the guidance of nuclear weapons ), the assassination of key government leaders and military officers. 
Acting in groups of five to ten people, the Spetsnaz GRU is able to act autonomously for several days. 
Soldiers go through special physical and psychological training, in which special emphasis is placed on mastering the weapons, skill in radio communications, and knowledge of the enemy's territory. 

ARTICLE

Russian Defence Minister in India mil.ru 
Defence Minister Manohar Parrikar and his Russian counterpart Sergei Shoigu sign protocol document after the 16th meeting of the India-Russia Intergovernmental Commission on Military-Technical Cooperation in New Delhi on Wednesday, October 26, 2016. Facebook 

ARTICLE

Russia's upper house approves suspension of plutonium deal with US 26 October 2016 TASS Putin submitted a draft law on suspending the agreement to the State Duma on October 3. Facebook usa , russia , conflict 
The Federation Council, Russia's upper house of parliament, unanimously approved at a plenary meeting on Wednesday a law on suspending the Russian-US plutonium disposal agreement. 
Russian President Vladimir Putin submitted a draft law on suspending the agreement between Russia and the United States on plutonium disposal to the State Duma on October 3 after signing a relevant decree. 
Apart from the direct provisions on suspending the plutonium deal, the draft law lists the conditions for the possible resumption of the accords. Among them is Washington's cancellation of the Magnitsky Act, all anti-Russian sanctions, compensating for the damage sustained by Moscow and reducing US military infrastructure in NATO countries. 
First published by TASS . 

ARTICLE

Chinese may become Russia's second largest ethnic population by 2050 26 October 2016 TASS The number of unemployed people in China is more than the entire Russian population. Facebook russia , china , migration 
Experts predict a possible growth in the migration flow from China into Russia, by 2050 the Chinese may become the second largest population group in Russia, Scientific Director of the Center for Migration Research of the Institute of National Economic Prediction of Russia's Academy of Science Zhanna Zayonchkovskaya said. 
"The number of unemployed people in China is more than the entire Russian population," she noted at an international conference at the North Caucasus Federal University in the Russian city of Stavropol, dubbed as "Migration processes.""If we maintain solid relations with China then I think by 2050 the Chinese may become the second largest population group in Russia and surpass the Central Asian populace as far as migration goes," the expert said. 
Zayonchkovskaya said the reason for this process was that after 2030 the migrant inflow from Central Asian countries would decline as a large part of young people had already left these countries to work or study in the neighboring states. 
Tajikistan and Uzbekistan are the main countries whose citizens come to Russia, Ukrainians migrate in large numbers, too. "If we think of other countries from where migrant labor can be obtained, I can think of none other than China," Zayonchkovskaya noted, emphasizing that "Russia will need foreign workers to ensure its economic development." 
According to the expert, the changes in the pension legislation would not balance the situation given the decrease in the working-age population. "Raising the retirement age will neither level out the demographic waves, nor will it solve the labor shortage problem, as it only solves the problem of the Pension Fund, though the demographic situation still remains problematic," Zayonchkovskaya added noting that according to the Federal Migration Service, the international migration flow into Russia in 2015 had amounted in 9.8 mln people. 
First published by TASS . 

ARTICLE

Russia, India will expand military cooperation with focus on Navy projects 26 October 2016 TASS The Russian defence minister pointed out that the progress of joint production of Ka-226 helicopters, BrahMos and S-400 indicates technical cooperation with India should be expanded. Facebook india , russia , shoigu Defense Minister Sergei Shoigu, right, and Defense Minister of India Manohar Parrikar at a ceremony of signing a final protocol of the meeting of the Russian-Indian Inter-Governmental Commission on Cooperation in Military Industry, in Delhi. Source:Ministry of Defence of the Russian Federation 
The Russian and Indian defence ministries have been instructed to expand military and military-technical cooperation, Russian Defence Minister Sergey Shoigu said on Wednesday. 
"The extra tasks set in the course of the meeting Russian and Indian leaders held on October 15-16 indicate that we should expand the sphere of our military-technical cooperation," Shoigu said as the Russian-Indian inter-government commission for military-technical cooperation met in session for the 16th time. 
India could get delivery of the S-400 in 2020 
The parties have already begun a discussion of all issues that are related to the post-warranty maintenance and life cycle contracts for the military technologies to be provided or provided earlier, Shoigu said. 
"It goes without saying that we have noted with great satisfaction the progress achieved in our major projects, such as the joint production of Ka-226 helicopters, missile systems BrahMos and air defence systems S-400 ," he said. 
Source: mil.ru 
There is a special major program for naval ships, including submarines, Shoigu added. 
"I believe that today there is a good opportunity for reviewing the results of the previous year and identifying targets for next year. We are ready to discuss all crucial problems, issues and prospects for our military and military-technical cooperation," Shoigu concluded. Fight against terrorism 
Kadakin: Russia with India. Terrorism is greatest human rights violation 
The struggle against international terrorism requires consolidation of all forces and rules out double or triple standards, Russian Defence Minister Sergey Shoigu said on Wednesday. 
"What is absolutely unacceptable in the struggle against terrorism is the use of double and sometimes triple standards. Those who are terrorists on Monday cannot turn into moderate opposition on Tuesday. There will have to be fundamental consolidation of all sound forces in the struggle against this ill of the 21st century," Shoigu said at a meeting of the Russian-Indian inter-governmental commission for military-technical cooperation. 
He pointed out that the struggle against terrorism was a major issue. 
First published by TASS . 

ARTICLE

India to install modern avionics in Mi-17V5 helicopters 26 October 2016 Sputnik Amid rising militancy in its different regions, India intends to install more avionics that would boost its military strength in fighting militants in the dense forests of Kashmir and other dangerous areas. Facebook A Mi-17 V-5 helicopter is demonstrated at the testing facility of the OAO Kazan Helicopter Plant, part of the Helicopters of Russia, a Russian helicopter building holding. Source:Maksim Bogodvid/RIA Novosti 
India has decided to add some more strength in its Russian made military helicopters Mi-17V5. 
'Ministry of Defence intends to procure and install approximately 200 sets of Electronic Warfare Suite comprising Radar Warning Receiver (RWR), Missile Approach Warning System (MAWS) and Counter Measure Dispensing System (CMDS) on Mi-17V5 helicopters,' reads a request for information issued by the Indian government. 
The system will provide self-protection to the helicopter against radar controlled weapons and IR seeking missiles by employing different counter measures such as chaffs, flares and directed infra-red. The Missile Approach Warning System (MAWS) is intended to provide the capability of detecting, identifying warning and prioritizing air to air and ground to air threat missiles to the pilot. Fifteen Mi-17V5 helicopters would also be integrated with Laser Warning Receiver (LWR) and Directed Infrared Counter Measures. 
Russian Mi-17 V-5 helicopters to ferry Indian VVIPs - report 
India also wants to secure its helicopters against radar controlled weapons and IR seeking missiles. For this Bharat Dynamics Limited (BDL) has design and developed the Counter Measure Dispensing System that will be integrated on to the platform. 
India plans to buy additional helicopters from Russia out of which more than a dozen will be made available to the BSF. India had already approved the purchase of 48 more Mi-17V-5 medium lift helicopters. Delivery of 151 Mi-17V-5 helicopters was made in February this year. 
First published by Sputnik .

ARTICLE

1 / 4 
Russian startup Cocco Bello, based in the village of Maliy Turish in the Sverdlovsk Region (760 miles from Moscow), will produce 15,000 candy spoons that will be included in large packages of Lipton Yellow Label tea in November. 
The deal came out of Cocco Bello's participation in the Lipton Goodstarter project, a platform created to support young socially beneficial companies. As part of the initiative, Cocco Bello received a 300,000 rubles ($4,800) investment from Lipton. 
"Since we have won the Lipton contest, we decided to offer them the cooperation," said Guzel Sanzhapova, 28, the startup's founder. Sanzhapova began the project as a family operation in 2013. 'Today we have nine employees and most of them are seniors,' Sanzhapova said. The company's main products are honey, herbal tea and candies. 
Sanzhapova is now making plans to build her own candy factory and hopes to attract investment through crowdfunding. She estimates the total cost of construction at about 6 million rubles ($95,500). She has already collected 938,000 rubles ($15,000). 
Lipton's press service told RBTH that the Lipton program helps identify companies that have missions that fit well with the Lipton brand. According to the press service, a joint product between Lipton and Cocco Bello will go on sale as soon as official partner contract negotiations are concluded. 'This is high speed for Unilever,' the press service said. Subscribe to get the hand picked best stories every week Subscribe to our mailing list Facebook

ARTICLE

movies , syria , RBTH Daily , refugees Russian filmmaker Maria Ivanova. Source: Elena Kern / press-photo 
Where did you find the courage to go to the Middle East to make a film on migrants? 
Maria Ivanova: I began making my film in Berlin, in a camp for refugees. I was searching for a female protagonist. But when I arrived, I was told that girls do not flee Syria alone, only with their husbands or relatives. 
In the end I visually began "capturing" interesting faces. I found my protagonist – 14-year-old Muhammad, who was sent by his parents to Germany alone. He did the whole journey alone so that later he could get his relatives out of Syria through the legal process of family reunification. 
During the shooting I understood that next I needed to go to Damascus, where this boy's parents remained. Due to the hassle in obtaining a Syrian visa my cameraman and I traveled to Syria through Beirut. In Lebanon you don't need a visa. Russian journalist in Syria: We came within a whisker of death 
As we were driving along the road I knew that ISIS was only 10 kilometers [6 miles] away, very near. We were driving incredibly fast, 200 kilometers per hour, and when the driver saw a motorcycle coming, the car quickly turned around and headed in the opposite direction. 'Why?' I asked later. Because terrorists often drive around at night on motorcycles. 
That's how we got to Damascus. There was no heating in the apartment we were taken to. No electricity and hot water. We slept on something similar to a couch. There are no real beds in the real East. And at three in the morning I heard bombing. 
Is all of Damascus in this state? 
M.I.: I was in the south and there it was frightening to walk out on the street. People have fear in their eyes, the atmosphere is very heavy. 
In the end did you meet the parents of your protagonist Muhammad? How did you contact them? 
M.I.: They welcomed us with open arms. They fed us. They have all means of communication, they use social networks. After meeting with them we returned to Beirut and went to the refugee camps in Lebanon's mountains, filming there for two weeks. 
Were the Lebanese camps different from the German ones? 
M.I.: Of course. Lebanon doesn't have special conditions. There's a character in our film, a man who has 17 children. He lives in a tent that he has divided into several parts. He patches up the holes. They all sleep on the floor. Despite their horrible position, these people offered us food and played the oud for us [an Arabian musical instrument – RBTH]. They joked… Their life is based on the hope that they will return home. Of course, many want to go to Europe. They fill out applications. But Europe does not accept everyone. 
In general, Lebanon is an unusual country. Just think, there are 18 religious confessions on a territory that is smaller than the Moscow Region. There are four million residents and one and a half million Syrian refugees. And yet, I never saw a conflict between, say, Christians and Muslims. They all go to the same restaurants, the same movie theaters, everyone is friendly. 
Which films are you taking to the festival in Lebanon? 
M.I.: We finished this documentary film just a few days ago and I decided to hold the premiere in Lebanon, where we shot most of the material. Moreover, our partner, the TV channel RT, is producing two documentary films: Women against ISIS and Sector of Contradiction . The directors of these films are coming to answer questions and hold master classes. 
How much is Russian culture present in Lebanon? Do people speak Russian there? 
M.I.: Many Lebanese studied in the Soviet Union. There is even an association of Soviet university graduates. These people speak Russian, many even married Russian citizens. Furthermore, there are 30,000 Russians living there. There are Lebanese who attend classes and study Russian. Sure, you mostly hear Arabic, English, French. Russian culture is not well known. So we sort of filled a vacuum. 
Is the war in the neighboring country felt in Lebanon? 
M.I.: You still feel the previous war, the civil war. There are buildings scarred by bombings. There are many military personnel, roadblocks, armored personnel carriers, patrols. But next to a destroyed building you can find a modern art gallery, which is followed by soldiers again, and then a modern theater. This is a patchwork country, it is very heterogeneous. Can a low-budget Russian disaster film look like a Hollywood blockbuster? 
Once I was at the Sarajevo Film Festival, which had a really heavy atmosphere. There were no stadiums there. They had turned into cemeteries since there was no space for burying people. While in Lebanon you feel very light. You want to live, despite certain moments… The presence of soldiers, on the contrary, creates the feeling of security. 
I traveled there by car with a driver, saw beautiful cities, mountains, wine production. I went to an apple festival. I wasn't afraid. The country has a modern airport, taxis, hotels, wonderful restaurants, beaches and movie theaters. But the thing is that no one anywhere will give you 100-percent guaranteed security, including when you're driving through France or Germany. In terms of security, Lebanon is no different than Europe. 
The full interview can be found on RIA Novosti . Subscribe to get the hand picked best stories every week Subscribe to our mailing list Facebook

ARTICLE

Putin awards Serbian filmmaker Emir Kusturica with Order of Friendship October 27, 2016 TASS serbia , vladimir putin , movies Emir Kusturica was born in Sarajevo, former Yugoslavia. He initiated the International the Kustendorf International Film and Music Festival and a short documentaries festival in Visegrad, Bosnia and Herzegovina. Source: Reuters 
Russian President Vladimir Putin has awarded a number of cultural workers with Orders and Medals, one of them being Serbian movie director Emir Kusturica. The related decree was published on the official legal information website on Oct. 27. 
"Emir Kusturica, director of the Rasta International production company, citizen of the Republic of Serbia, is being awarded with the Order of Friendship for his significant contribution to promoting friendship and cooperation between peoples, preserving and promoting the Russian language and culture in foreign countries," the presidential decree says. Writer Prilepin to build a literary village a la Kusturica's Drevngrad 
Emir Kusturica was born on Nov. 24, 1954 in Sarajevo, former Yugoslavia. He initiated the International the Kustendorf International Film and Music Festival and a short documentaries festival in Visegrad, Bosnia and Herzegovina. In 2005, he was President of the Cannes Film Festival Jury, in 2011 he presided over the jury of the Un Certain Regard section of the Cannes Film Festival official selection. 
Kusturica has been given many awards for his activities, including the Order of Arts and Literature (France, 2007), Order of the Legion of Honor (France, 2011), Order of St. Sava (Serbian Orthodox Church, 2012), Order of St. King Milutin (Serbian Orthodox Church, 2014), Order of St. Stephen (Serbian Orthodox Church, 2016). In 2009, he received the Unity of Orthodox Nations International Foundation Award.

ARTICLE

IOC bans 2 Russian athletes after positive doping tests from 2012 Olympics October 27, 2016 TASS olympics2012 , Doping scandal , olympics The IOC stated that reanalysis of doping samples of Ikonnikov and Starodubtsev "from London 2012 resulted in a positive test for the prohibited substance dehydrochlormethyltestosterone (turinabol)." Source: Reuters 
The International Olympic Committee (IOC) ruled on Oct. 27 to sanction two Russian track and field athletes after their doping samples collected at the 2012 Summer Olympics tested positive for banned performance enhancing drugs. 
The two Russian athletes at the issue are hammer thrower Kirill Ikonnikov and pole vaulter Dmitry Starodubtsev. 
"Kirill Ikonnikov, 32, of Russia, competing in the men's hammer throw event (qualification and final) in which he ranked 5th and for which he was awarded a diploma, has been disqualified from the Olympic Games London 2012," the IOC said in its statement. 
"Dmitry Starodubtsev, 30, of Russia, competing in the men's pole vault event (qualification and final) in which he ranked 4th and for which he was awarded a diploma, has been disqualified from the Olympic Games London 2012," according to the IOC. The Russian Olympians who refuse to return their medals and winnings 
The world's governing body of Olympic Games stated that reanalysis of doping samples of Ikonnikov and Starodubtsev "from London 2012 resulted in a positive test for the prohibited substance dehydrochlormethyltestosterone (turinabol)." 
This is the second announcement of positive doping results of Russian athletes made by the IOC within the last two days. The IOC ruled on Oct. 27 to strip Russian runner Ekaterina Volkova of her bronze medal, won at the 2008 Summer Games in Beijing in 3,000-meter steeplechase, following positive results of her doping sample's reanalysis. 
The Executive Board of the world's governing Olympic body convened a special session on May 17 discussing efforts of stepping up the fight against the drugs cheats and furnish measures to protect clean athletes ahead of the Olympics in Rio. As part of its anti-doping efforts, IOC ordered reanalysis of doping samples of athletes from 2008 Olympics in Beijing and 2012 Olympics in London. 
Following two rounds of re-testing, over 100 Olympians were reported to test positive for banned substances - at least 60 from the 2008 Games and about 40 from the 2012 Games. Among them were over 25 medalists from both Olympics.

ARTICLE

Central Bank sees Russia's moving up in Doing Business rating as good sign October 27, 2016 TASS Doing business in Russia , banks , ranking Russia moved up to the 40th position in the Doing Business-2017 rating. Source: Getty Images 
The Central Bank sees Russia's moving up in the Doing Business rating as a good sign, Deputy CEO of the Central Bank Vladimir Chistyukhin told reporters. 
"That is a very significant leap and a very positive sign for us. It shows that the efforts we made in many fields, in particular in corporate management were not in vain," he said. 
Earlier this week it was reported that Russia moved up to the 40th position in the Doing Business-2017 rating, which is annually prepared by the World Bank. 
In 2012, Russia ranked 124th in that rating. 
In his May decrees issued in 2012 President Vladimir Putin set the task for the country to reach the 20th position in the rating of the World Bank by 2018. 
In 2016, Russia was on the 51st place in the Doing Business rating. 
However the methods of calculation of the World Bank's rating changed earlier this year. Taking into account these changes Russia could have been on the 36th place already in 2015.

ARTICLE

Russian oil giant Rosneft to restore Romanov palace near St. Petersburg   The residence, which is in a state of disrepair, will be rented to the Russian oil corporation for 99 years and will be opened to tourists following restoration. Facebook rosneft , RBTH Daily , romanov dinasty , st. petersburg The Ropsha Palace was built by decree of Peter the Great. Source: Lori/Legion-Media 
The Ropsha Palace, an 18th-century residence near St. Petersburg built by order of Peter the Great, is to be rented to the state-owned Rosneft oil corporation for 99 years. 
Making the announcement on Oct. 25, Russian Culture Minister Vladimir Medinsky said that the company will restore the palace, which is in a state of disrepair, and will create access for tourists to the estate after restoration. What is the palace famous for? 
The Ropsha palace and park ensemble is an 18th-century architectural monument and a former residence of the Romanov imperial family. The estate was built by decree of Peter the Great and was intended to resemble Carlsbad (Karlovy Vary, Czech Republic). Later, during Empress Elizabeth's reign, Italian architect Bartolomeo Rastrelli designed a new two-story palace on the site. A large-scale park was cultivated around it. 
After Catherine II (the Great) usurped her husband Emperor Peter III, she sent him to Ropsha where he died in mysterious circumstances. 
The Ropsha Palace before 1917 / Source: public domain 
Following the October Revolution the palace was nationalized, and in 1944 it was burned by the retreating German troops. After the war the estate was restored and it was used for military purposes: First the summer unit was stationed there, then the chemical protection battalion from the Leningrad Military District. 
In various periods a fish hatchery was located at Ropsha, as well as a cattle-breeding farm, a poultry farm and other agricultural structures. 
In the 1960s the palace was placed under state protection and at the end of the 1970s it was mothballed. How much will it cost to restore the ruins? 
Despite the fact that since 1990 the Ropsha palace and park ensemble has been on the UNESCO World Heritage list and is a monument of federal significance, most of the buildings on the estate are in ruins. 
The palace after the fire / Source: Kommersant 
The palace was severely damaged by several fires in the late 1980s and early 1990s. And in 2015 five columns in the palace's portico collapsed. Afterwards, the Russian Culture Ministry allotted 15 million rubles ($241,000) for urgent work to save the monument. 
St. Petersburg officials say that many monuments in Ropsha are heavily damaged and some, such as bridges and hydraulic structures, are completely destroyed. This means the overall cost of the restoration may exceed five billion rubles ($80 million). Why is the state looking for investors to restore the monuments? 
Since the high costs and great difficulties in restoring cultural heritage objects do not always permit the state to carry out the work using budget resources, commercial enterprises and patrons are often invited to fund the restoration projects. 
The palace after the fire / Source: Kommersant 
For example, VTB Bank and the Gatchina Alcohol Factory financed most of the restoration of the Gatchina Palace near St. Petersburg, although the monument remained a government property. 
The state can decide to auction or rent cultural heritage objects and dictate the conditions for their renovation. Privatization of local, regional and even federal monuments has existed since Jan. 1, 2008. 
There are more than 100 examples of privatized monuments with conditions for their restoration. For example, the recently opened New Holland complex in St. Petersburg was reconstructed with the help of Roman Abramovich's New Holland Development.

ARTICLE

Prowling Amur tiger nabbed near Vladivostok October 27, 2016 TASS animals , russian far east , vladivostok The Amur tiger is on the IUCN Red List of Threatened Species. Source: Yuri Smityuk/TASS 
A full-grown Amur tiger has been caught near the Russian Far Eastern city of Vladivostok and sent for rehabilitation to a special center. The large feline predator is a male weighing 170 kilograms (roughly 375 pounds) that had killed a cow in the town of Artyom about 40 kilometers from Vladivostok, the Amur Tiger Center's press service reported. 
"On the morning of Oct. 26, a resident of the Artyom town suburb reported to the police that a tiger had killed a cow… That same evening a response team from the hunting supervision agency spotted the tiger using an infrared camera. The predator was immediately caught and brought to the Tiger Rehabilitation and Reintroduction Center in the Alekseyevka settlement," the Amur Tiger Center said. 
The tiger will stay at the rehabilitation center while experts determine his future. He may be released into the wild in an area far from human settlements but inhabited with enough ungulates (or hoofed mammals). Ecologists had a similar experience last year, when a tiger named Uporny (or 'Persistent') who had been attacking dogs in the Khabarovsk region, was caught and later released into a distant area. Tiger cub found prowling the streets of Vladivostok 
Only a few days ago, another male tiger was caught 20 kilometers away from Vladivostok. The predator not only walked near the city but also entered the city territory. He, too, has been sent to the rehabilitation center. It is a young male tiger weighing 140 kilograms (roughly 308 pounds) who is likely to be released into the wild. 
Several weeks ago reports of a tiger were received from Vladivostok's neighboring town of Artyom but the search ended without any success. 
The Amur tiger is on the IUCN Red List of Threatened Species. According to the last year's data, at present only 480-540 members of this species live in the wild, with 90 percent of them inhabiting Russia's Far Eastern Primorye and Khabarovsk regions.

ARTICLE

Carmel Institute celebrates 5th anniversary with jazz concert October 27, 2016 RBTH u.s.-russia relations , jazz The Carmel Institute of Russian Culture and History celebrated its 5th Anniversary. Source: Press photo 
The Carmel Institute of Russian Culture and History celebrated its 5th Anniversary by hosting a standing room only concert at the historic Lincoln Theatre celebrating Cultural Dialogue and the Giants of Jazz. Over 1200 guests and students from all over the Washington DC metropolitan area thoroughly enjoyed this memorable concert celebrating the common language and mutual love of jazz that the United States and Russia share. 
Source: Press photo 
Said Carmel Institute Founder and Advisory Chair Susan E. Carmel, 'The Carmel Institute emphasizes shared values, common interests and cultural dialogue. These are important qualities necessary to achieve cooperation, mutual respect and to overcome pervasive stereotypes. I am honored and grateful to have two incredible cultural Ambassadors at our Fifth Anniversary celebration for the Carmel Institute. Igor Butman and Wynton Marsalis exemplify the best of cultural diplomacy and cultural dialogue, and help us represent the Institutes' focus on enhancing greater cultural understanding through shared common interests and face to face interactions. By continuing to emphasize the importance of these qualities to our younger generations and future leaders, we are making an investment into the future that will be paid back ten-fold over time.' 
Ambassador of the Russian Federation to the U.S. and Honorary Co-Chair of the Institute acknowledged the Institute's milestone by saying, 'We would like to congratulate the Carmel Institute for Russian Culture and History and its leadership with the fifth anniversary and express our gratitude for their support and dedication. What started as a modest cultural initiative, five years later has grown both in scope and scale. Far surpassing the initial plans, it has now turned into an Institute that creates an opportunity to strengthen interest and knowledge of culture and history of Russia, thus contributing to the increase of mutual understanding between the two nations.' 
Source: Press photo 
According to jazz great Igor Butman, 'I am honored to contribute to the rich tradition of jazz diplomacy by performing with Wynton Marsalis at the fifth anniversary concert of the Carmel Institute of Russian Culture and History. It is an even greater honor to perform at the Lincoln Theater where so many giants of jazz have expressed themselves in the universal language of music. I wish the Carmel Institute many more years of success in its tireless campaign to promote culture as a medium of communication between two great cultures that have always achieved success through dialogue and cooperation.' 
Source: Press photo 
Dr. Anton Fedyashin, Director of the Carmel Institute of Russian Culture and History, added, 'The Carmel Institute has become an integral part of American University's commitment to an education that prepares students for global responsibilities in an increasingly complex and interconnected world. Without ignoring problems of which history provides so many examples, our program emphasizes shared values, common interests, and cooperative achievement, and always points towards the positive stages in the US-Russian relationship from which we hope that students can learn in order to guide their decisions as they emerge as global leaders.

ARTICLE

Ford Sollers starts serial production of cars with Era-Glonass system October 27, 2016 TASS cars , glonass , transport Entre os modelos mais procurados, figuram o Volkswagen Golf, o Hyundai Solaris, o Ford Focus e o Skoda Octavia Foto: RIA Nóvosti/Vadim Jernov Source: RIA Novosti / Vadim Zhernov 
Ford Sollers joint venture started installation of Era-Glonass positioning systems on the whole model line of Ford automobiles produced in Russia, press service of the company told TASS on Oct. 27. 
"The whole model range of Ford vehicles for the Russian market will now have serially outfitted Ford emergency call system compatible with Era-Glonass emergency services calling system," the press service said. 
In case of an accident, vehicle's data and its precise coordinates are identified automatically and transmitted to an operator of Era-Glonass system and then to emergency services - 112 System or units of the Interior Ministry. 
All Ford cars for the Russian market will be equipped with Era-Glonass system from January 1, 2017.

ARTICLE

india , frigate , indian navy Project 11356 Admiral Grigorovich frigate. Source:mil.ru 
India will independently acquire or build and install engines into the Russian-made Project 11356 frigates , India's Defence Minister Manohar Parrikar has said. 
After the Russian-Indian annual Summit held in Goa on October 15, the two countries signed an intergovernmental agreement on the construction of the frigates. 
Russia's Deputy Prime Minister Dmitry Rogozin had noted that two of these vessels would be built in Russia, and two in India. 
According to the Indian minister, negotiations on the purchase of the frigates by India had begun a long while earlier but, because of the crisis in relations with Russia, Ukraine had refused to supply gas-turbine power plants for the Russian ships. 
Russia, India will expand military cooperation with focus on Navy projects 
'Now we will buy these engines ourselves and install them in the ships. The frigate will be provided with Indian equipment. This version (of the frigate) has stealth technologies, and we will participate in the design work,' the minister was quoted as saying by the NDTV news channel. 
India already has six frigates of the Talwar type – the predecessors of Project 11356, designed for export. The Indian ships entered into service in 2003-2004 and in 2012-2013. 
The standard patrol ship of the Burevestnik type is armed with Kalibr cruise missiles. However, as Minister Rogozin stated in Goa, the new frigates will be equipped with BrahMos cruise missiles, of joint Russian-Indian production. 
First published in Russian by RIA Novosti . Facebook

ARTICLE

Entrepreneurship is growing faster in Moscow than in any other region of the country. Source:Reuters 
The average individual entrepreneur 'survives' only 5.7 years, according to new research by the PwC consulting firm. 
The conclusions, based on data from the Federal Tax Service and the Levada Center from 2010 to 2016, were published in a new report, 'The Development of Individual Entrepreneurship in Moscow,' the RBC website reports . 
Transforming the business potential of BRICS 
The researchers concluded that, since 2010, the number of registered individual entrepreneurs in Moscow has increased by 51 percent to 244 thousand. However, the entrepreneurs' businesses last, on average, less than 6 years. The main reasons for the closures are economic problems (51 percent) such as declining demand, increasing competition, and growing costs, and tax issues (10 percent). 
According to PwC, entrepreneurship is growing faster in Moscow than in any other region of the country. Muscovites now make up 7 percent of all individual entrepreneurs in Russia, 3 percent higher than in 2010. 
But growth has not been even. According to PwC, the main wave came in the 2010-2012 period, when the annual increase was 9-10 percent. Due to rising insurance rates, the number of individual entrepreneurs declined by 2 percent in 2013. The rate rebounded in 2014 and 2015 by 4 and 7 percentage points respectively. In the first half of 2016, it stood at 5 percent. 
However, it can be difficult to state with clarity what these rates mean in practice. Individual entrepreneurs may indeed be people starting small businesses, but they can also be individuals formally registered this way for tax benefits. 
New Russian app to manage small business 
PwC also concluded that 61 percent of individual entrepreneurs work in the service sector, 27 percent in retail, 8 percent in wholesale trade, and 4 percent in manufacturing. 
Outside Moscow, the growth dynamic of entrepreneurship has been less impressive. For nearly six years, PwC concluded, the national rate has been negative: -8 percent. 
The second fastest entrepreneurship growth rate was recorded in St. Petersburg (41 percent), followed by the Moscow Region (31 percent). 
First published by The Moscow Times . Facebook

ARTICLE

LinkedIn could soon be banned in Russia 27 October 2016 rt.com LinkedIn may turn out to be the first casualty of Russia's Federal Law On Personal Data. The world's largest professional network did not transfer its servers to Russia. Facebook network , law , society Networking site for professionals LinkedIn is the world's largest business and employment oriented social network. Source:AFP/East News 
The world's largest professional network LinkedIn could soon be blocked in Russia. The company has failed to comply with a law that obliges companies to keep data on Russian users in the country. 
"We are seeking a court order to block LinkedIn. We twice sent requests in the summer, but they did not provide answers to our questions," said Roskomnadzor spokesman Vadim Ampelonskiy in an interview with the TASS news agency. Apart from not moving servers to Russia, LinkedIn collects and sends information about people who are not users of the network without their consent, according to the Russian internet watchdog Roskomnadzor. 
Yakutia is where Google should store data 
According to the spokesman, Moscow's Tagansky District Court has ruled in favor of the watchdog, but LinkedIn has appealed to a higher court. 
'If the appellate court upholds the judgment, and it will no longer be appealed, the decision will enter into force within 30 days. We will include the appropriate IP address in the register of violators of the personal data rights, which means blocking,'Ampelonskiy said. The decision will be announced on November 10. 
The watchdog will remove the ban, if the social network provides information that it has fulfilled the law and moved servers with data about Russians to the country. 
"This is the first company we are suing in court. In future we will use the same mechanism in relation to other companies,"the spokesman said. 
Roskomnadzor also told Kommersant daily that another reason for the lawsuit was "numerous publications in the media about repeated leaks of user data from the social network." 
Big Brother is listening: Beware 
In May, website Haker.ru reported the sale of 167 million stolen LinkedIn accounts, and passwords for 117 million accounts on the dark web. LinkedIn said the leak happened in 2012, and passwords have now been updated. 
LinkedIn is the world's largest business and employment oriented social network. As of 2015, it had 400 million users with 5 million people registered in Russia. 
First published by rt.com .

ARTICLE

Putin awards Emir Kusturica with Order of Friendship 27 October 2016 TASS Kusturica has been given many awards for his activities. Facebook putin , serbia , award 
Russian President Vladimir Putin has awarded a number of cultural workers with Orders and Medals, one of them being Serbian movie director Emir Kusturica. The related decree was published on the official legal information website on Thursday. 
"Emir Kusturica, director of the Rasta International production company, citizen of the Republic of Serbia, is being awarded with the Order of Friendship for his significant contribution to promoting friendship and cooperation between peoples, preserving and promoting the Russian language and culture in foreign countries," the presidential decree says. 
Emir Kusturica was born on November 24, 1954 in Sarajevo, former Yugoslavia. He initiated the International the Kustendorf International Film and Music Festival and a short documentaries festival in Visegrad, Bosnia and Herzegovina. In 2005, he was President of the Cannes Film Festival Jury, in 2011 he presided over the jury of the Un Certain Regard section of the Cannes Film Festival official selection. 
Kusturica has been given many awards for his activities, including the Order of Arts and Literature (France, 2007), Order of the Legion of Honor (France, 2011), Order of St. Sava (Serbian Orthodox Church, 2012), Order of St. King Milutin (Serbian Orthodox Church, 2014), Order of St. Stephen (Serbian Orthodox Church, 2016). In 2009, he received the Unity of Orthodox Nations International Foundation Award. 
First published by TASS .

ARTICLE

movies , culture , interview Director Alexei Mizgiryov at a news conference before the premiere of the film "The Duelist" in Moscow. Source:Ekaterina Chesnokova/RIA Novosti 
Even during the stage of production, Alexei Mizgirev's The Duelist caught the attention of the international cinema industry. The world premiere of the movie was held the Toronto Film Festival and, in collaboration with IMAX, the film is being released in the U.S. and other countries. 
Before The Duelist, Mizgirev was considered to be only a 'festival' director in Russia – all his previous pictures had gone out on limited release, and were seen by only a few thousand people. However, suddenly, in cooperation with producer Alexander Rodnyansky ( Jayne Mansfield's Car , Cloud Atlas , Leviathan ), he has made one of the most expensive projects in the history of Russian cinema. 
Set in the 1860s, The Duelist is a costume drama about a killer, the officer Yakovlev, who engages in duels for other people. For some mystical reason bullets cannot kill him, so he always wins his duels. 
Before the film released, Mizgirev spoke to RIR about his new film. 
RIR: How does it feel, after directing only low-budget auteur films, to be a director of a film that cost such a large amount of money, going by standards of the Russian film industry? 
Alexei Mizgirev: People ask me this a lot. At first I was a bit lost and didn't know how to answer, because I hadn't really noticed a big difference. With The Duelist we had no problems, for example with decoration and costume, because we could shoot where we wanted and didn't have to save on props. I was now rid of many problems that had cropped up in previous films, because the producers were able to solve them perfectly. 
Video by SonyPicturesRU / YouTube 
This was all very pleasant. However such changes indirectly affect the creative process. We were constantly discussing points to work on, but it was all very democratic, because we both understood that there are mass-produced, cookie-cutter films, and others that are single, unique pieces. The Duelist is a unique film, in which individuality and the author's style is important – with the background of a great story and modern visual effects, of course. 
RIR: All your preceding films have been about acute social issues in modern Russian life. And here we have balls, costumes, duels, and nobles in waistcoats. Where has this interest in this period come from? 
A.M.: Any director wants millions of people to watch his films. But when you're given a budget of $1-2 million, it's difficult to create beautiful and spectacular cinema . You would like to, but it's impossible for objective reasons. Therefore, an interest in contemporary affairs is in some respects necessary, simply because you don't have to waste money on expensive decorations and computer effects. 
The concept of The Duelist has already been in the works for several years, it was just lying somewhere, literally two paragraphs long. And then something happened, and I thought to myself, this needs to happen now. Even though realizing this idea was very far off, I already thought then that the biggest problem I'd have with it would not be to do with finance. 
RIR: What sort of difficulties are you talking about? 
A.M.: I am talking about the 19 th century itself, or rather, its image, which is difficult to portray in audiovisual art. You probably won't disagree that Russian viewers only know about the 19 th century from TV series, since the last proper film made for the big screen was [Vladimir Motyl's] The Captivating Star of Happiness , shot in 1975. But even this film was riddled with a mass of clichés and openly mistaken information about the 19 th century. 
A common film market for Russia, India and China? 
When I was preparing for The Duelist I sifted through a mass of sources on this period. It turns out that we don't really know anything about them, what they really ate, drank, talked about, and how they really dressed, apart from some pleasant misconceptions we have. The 19 th century for the contemporary viewer is a load of old mothballs at granny's place or some sedate play from a provincial theatre. 
I'd like to get rid of this stereotype and show this period like no one else has done – bright, harsh, echoing with our times. This is of course a grandiose task, but I'm not afraid of the work, or the public reaction to this new style of discussion about the past. This is a complete breaking of the mould. 
RIR: However the visual style of The Duelist has several times been compared to Sherlock Holmes by Guy Ritchie and the film Vidoqc by Pitof. Do you like having such parallels with your work? 
A.M.: Such comparisons have a lot of truth in them. However this is a very decorative work, a celebration of the genre in its purest form. The Duelist is a little different, including if we talk about its visual effects. 
RIR: With The Duelist , everyone asks you about the idea of honour, which is the main trigger for the film. You answer, expectedly, that honour is a timeless thing, and for this reason a story about this will always resound with the present. But it seems in your film fatalism plays just as important a role, one which is peculiar to the film's characters. We're guessing that this emphasis on the doomed characters' relationship with fate is not an accidental one? 
A.M.: Yes, this is one of the driving forces of the film. Delving into stories about duels, I stumbled across an eloquent fact. In the 19 th century, in the birthplace of duels, France, they practically disappeared, like in many other countries. This is linked to the spread of firearms, which were far more dangerous than swords and which greatly levelled the playing field. 
For exactly this reason, duels flourished in Russia, I think for the most part thanks to fatalism, which to this day remains as one of the principle characteristics of the Russian mentality. Sink or swim – it is very much our thing, even if we are talking about life and death. The Duelist is precisely about this. Facebook

ARTICLE

business , russia , ranking 
The Central Bank sees Russia's moving up in the Doing Business rating as a good sign, Deputy CEO of the Central Bank Vladimir Chistyukhin told reporters. 
"That is a very significant leap and a very positive sign for us. It shows that the efforts we made in many fields, in particular in corporate management were not in vain," he said. 
Earlier this week it was reported that Russia moved up to the 40th position in the Doing Business-2017 rating, which is annually prepared by the World Bank. 
In 2012, Russia ranked 124th in that rating. 
In his May decrees issued in 2012 President Vladimir Putin set the task for the country to reach the 20th position in the rating of the World Bank by 2018. 
In 2016, Russia was on the 51st place in the Doing Business rating. 
However the methods of calculation of the World Bank's rating changed earlier this year. Taking into account these changes Russia could have been on the 36th place already in 2015. 
First published by TASS .

ARTICLE

india , russia , indo-russian cooperation Russian President Vladimir Putin and Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi, right, during their meeting at Taj Exotica Goa, India. Source:RIA Novosti On Oct. 15-16 Russian President Vladimir Putin travelled to India to participate in the annual BRICS summit held this year in Goa. Apart from discussing the future work of BRICS, the Russian leader held talks with India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi on a wide spectrum of issues on the bilateral agenda. To discuss the results of the talks and the impact of recent military drills on Russia-India relations, Russia Direct reached out to Vyacheslav Trubnikov, member of the board of directors of the Institute of World Economy and International Relations (IMEMO) of the Russian Academy of Sciences, and Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the Russian Federation to India (2004-2009). He explained why one should not worry about the future of Russia-India relations and shared his view on the closure of Russian media outlets working in Indian languages. 
What is the most important result of the Russian President's visit to India in the context of Russia-India relations? What was the main takeaway? The key result is the confirmation and further development of the privileged status of Russia's strategic ties with India. During the visit 20 documents were signed and though, of course, some of them were more important than others, I think that a very serious step forward was made. I wouldn't say that it is a breakthrough in bilateral relations – it's rather a gradual development. Vyacheslav Trubnikov. Source: Boris Prihodko/RIA Novosti Today, the scale of our cooperation is growing and the important factor here is that both countries share common approaches to current developments in the international arena. This was expressed in the joint statement titled ' Partnership for Peace and Stability on the Planet .' This is a very important document, which apart from bilateral relations, also helps to form our understanding of how the future polycentric (i.e. multipolar) world might look like. Deputy Foreign Minister of India Sujata Mehta once called Indian foreign policy a 'flexible multilateralism,' which I would interpret as a multi-vector foreign policy. The recent negotiations between Putin and Modi showed that Indians are very close to the Russian perception of a multi-vector foreign policy and the countries often have the same or very similar approaches to any particular issue. This is the main takeaway from Putin's visit. What is more, the leaders considered a wide group of current problems from very pragmatic standpoints that were transparent to each other. It is very important that the countries have managed to maintain the ability to understand each other very well. Sometimes representatives of both sides – such as government officials, diplomats, military leaders and experts – find themselves as prisoners of Soviet-era stereotypes or, on the contrary, think that everything remains as it is and nothing is changing. These are polar-opposite attitudes. The key here is that both sides take into account the interests of each other in pursuing their own national goals. The relationship India and Russia share is indeed one of privileged status and strategic importance. What about economic ties? What is being done to improve the current situation and fulfill the huge potential of cooperation in this area? 
India is Russia's especially privileged strategic partner: Putin We have a very limited trade turnover. There is no doubt about it. The countries have outstanding political relations, but the trade turnover does not reflect the vast economic potential. The volume of mutual investment does not reflect our capabilities as well – today they are at a level of $12 billion with $8 billion coming from India. So Indians are much more active in this respect, maybe due to their experience in working in foreign markets. RD: What about economic ties? What is being done to improve the current situation and fulfill the huge potential of cooperation in this area? Russia's strong orientation to the West led to Russian companies being more interested in European and U.S. markets. Despite the sanctions, our missiles are still being produced in the U.S. Americans continue to cooperate when they have no option, notwithstanding the sanctions. Speaking about Russia's pivot to the East, from my view, is not entirely correct. It is simply an alignment of our relations with the rest of the world. And now efforts are being made in this direction. The key thing here to understand is that the memoranda of mutual understanding only show the willingness of sides to cooperate. We can only talk about something when the contract is signed and sides are starting to implement it. This is a step-by-step work. Take, for example, the decision to create a free trade zone with India, which is due to be made in December by the Eurasian Economic Union. It's not simple and it will require us to think about how to develop this aspect of our relationship. Discussing logistics will be key here. The establishment of economic corridors and energy bridges will require a lot of work on the ground. This can only be done gradually after necessary agreements are prepared and then signed. This is a serious question that requires a lot of time. Another example is the program signed between the Russian Ministry of Energy and India's Ministry of Petroleum and Natural Gas to expand cooperation between the two countries in energy. This program will have to be fulfilled by specific projects and contracts later, and then it can be implemented. The countries are quite far away from each other and the questions of logistics and transportation of energy products will be crucial. All this work will be done gradually, stage by stage. The fact that the countries have set 2025 as a due date shows that both of them have considered this issue with responsibility. Overall, I would say that the cooperation now is moving in the right direction and is likely to provide a basis for future breakthroughs in trade turnover and energy cooperation. While the demand for energy in India is growing, the country does not enjoy many of its own energy sources, so that will give the basis for more active cooperation with Russia. 
Russia and India: A civilizational friendship What is your position towards the closure of many media outlets in Russia working in Indian languages? What are the implications of that? 
I'm strongly against it. The liquidation of media coverage that previously was done in eight Indian languages leads to a situation when Indians have less and less knowledge about Russia. The situation is similar in Russia as well: Russian businessmen don't know how India looks like today. That's why they are very cautious about entering the Indian market. Indian bureaucracy is sometimes a push-off factor, but the Modi government is making steps to liquidate many of the bureaucratic obstacles changing the tax system and making the environment for foreign investors more transparent. But if our businessmen don't know about it, they will not go there. The same is applicable to Indians, though they know us a bit better. However, they get their information mostly from Western sources. Economic cooperation requires a systemic approach and in this respect I support the upcoming opening of the office of the Russian Export Center in India. People working there will be researching the developments on the Indian market and business climate. Once the TASS news agency had a correspondent in Delhi to report on the situation in the Indian market. Today I don't know if someone is doing or is able to do this. All this leads to a situation when the countries don't even know about the opportunities existing for effective cooperation. For instance, India's southern states allow for all-year shipbuilding as opposed to Russia's traditional shipyards, where the construction takes place only half a year. If India and Russia developed joint shipbuilding projects in India's southern states that could benefit both states. The problem here is the lack of information about each other, which leads to missed opportunities. The interview is abridged. Read the full version published by Russia Direct . Facebook

ARTICLE

Russia plans to test elements of new nuclear engine on ISS 27 October 2016 TASS Roscosmos is ready to allocate more than 264 million rubles (about $4 million) for this work. Facebook russia , space , nuclear 
Russia's state space corporation Roscosmos has announced a tender for developing proposals on testing key elements of a megawatt-class nuclear propulsion system, including aboard the International Space Station (ISS), according to the tender documentation posted on the state procurement website on Thursday. 
Specifically, Roscosmos expects to receive "proposals on the rational structure of key elements, systems and items of a perspective nuclear propulsion unit intended for tests in outer space, including with the use of the ISS' Russian segment. 
According to the tender documentation, Roscosmos is ready to allocate more than 264 million rubles (about $4 million) for this work. 
The winner of the tender is expected to be announced on October 28. 
As of now, only the Keldysh Research Center has submitted its bid for this work. 
The works on creating a transport energy module based on a megawatt-class nuclear propulsion unit were approved by the Russian presidential commission for modernization and technological development of the Russian economy in 2009. 
By the end of 2018, the energy propulsion unit should be prepared for flight and design tests. 
It was reported earlier that 3.8 billion rubles ($60 million) would be allocated from the budget for developing a nuclear propulsion unit in 2016-2018. Roscosmos is the project's customer and the Keldysh Research Center is its contractor. The contract should be fulfilled by November 2018. First published by TASS .

ARTICLE

Russia suggests joint engineering troops' drills with India 27 October 2016 TASS The Russian defence minister Sergei Shoigu announced this initiative during a bilateral meeting with his Indian counterpart Manohar Parrikar. Facebook indian army , russian armed forces , drills Russian engineering troops during the Caucasus-2016 drills. Source:mil.ru 
Russian Defence Minister Sergey Shoigu suggested on Wednesday that Russia and India should hold joint engineering troops' drills. 
The Russian defence minister also invited Indian specialists to take part in the Army 2017 military and technical forum. 
"The Russian defence minister announced these initiatives during a bilateral meeting with his Indian counterpart Manohar Parrikar," Defence Ministry spokesman Igor Konashenkov told journalists. 
Russia, India will expand military cooperation with focus on Navy projects 
It has been proposed that the joint maneuvers for humanitarian mine clearance should be held on the basis of the Russian international anti-mine center whose specialists took part in the operation to clear the ancient Syrian town of Palmyra of mines, he said. 
The Russian defence minister also invited the Indian military to take part in the Army Games-2017. 
First published by TASS .

ARTICLE

Russia, India discuss FGFA advanced fighter, Su-30MKI upgrade 27 October 2016 Sputnik The India-Russia intergovernmental commission on military and technical cooperation held a meeting in New Delhi. Facebook shoigu , fgfa , su-30mki 
Indian and Russian defence delegations discussed joint defence projects and defence issues of mutual interest, in particular, the Sukhoi/HAL Fifth Generation Fighter Aircraft (FGFA) and the upgrade of the Sukhoi Su-30MKI fighter, the sources at the Indian Defence Ministry sources told Sputnik. On Wednesday, the India-Russia intergovernmental commission on military and technical cooperation held a meeting in New Delhi, bringing together the delegations headed by Russian Defence Minister Sergei Shoigu and his Indian counterpart Manohar Parrikar. 
"We discussed… the FGFA project and [upgrade] of SU-30MKI which is presently India's priority," the sources said on Wednesday. 
The Russian-Indian FGFA has stealth capabilities and is based on the Russian T-50 prototype jet. The FGFA project came about following the signing of a Russian-Indian cooperation agreement on October 18, 2007. 
First published by Sputnik .

ARTICLE

Putin dismisses allegations about Russia's interference in U.S. election October 27, 2016 TASS vladimir putin , u.s.-russia relations , Valdai , sochi , elections in usa Russian President Vladimir Putin at a meeting of the Valdai international discussion club on Oct. 27. Source: Kremlin.ru 
Russian President Vladimir Putin has dismissed as hysteria speculations Russia is meddling in the election campaign in the United States. 
"On the list of phantom problems, far-fetched problems there is the ongoing hysteria - I just cannot think of another word - over Russia's alleged influence on the course of the current presidential election," Putin said at a meeting of the Valdai international discussion club on Oct. 27. 
He pointed out that the United States was faced with many problems - from the mammoth federal debt to police brutality. 
"But apparently the elite has nothing to say to calm public anxiety," said Putin. "It is far better to distract people's attention with rumored Russian hackers, spies, agents of influence and so on and so forth. 
'Is there anyone who thinks in full seriousness that Russia is capable of influencing the choice of the American people somehow? America is not a banana republic, is it? America is a great power."

ARTICLE

Photo of the day: Miss Russia at the international beauty contest in Tokyo AFP/East News 
Miss Russia Alisa Manenok shows off her souvenir of a stuffed cat while boarding a boat at the Lake Ashinoko in Hakone town, Kanagawa prefecture. Manenok, a Vladivostok native, entered the final Top-15 of the prestigious Miss International 2016 beauty contest held on Oct. 27 in Japan's capital of Tokyo. However, the Russian beauty failed to make the Top-5, with Kylie Verzosa representing the Philippines winning the contest. Facebook

ARTICLE

russia-uk relations , uk , patriarch kirill , london Drawing by Alexei Iorsh Source: Iorsh 
After the Brexit referendum and the subsequent change of government in the UK, a number of experts and observers expected an improvement in Russo-British relations. Perhaps unwittingly, former British Prime Minister David Cameron inspired these unfounded expectations. Cameron's constantly repeated allegations that Russian President Vladimir Putin supported a vote for Brexit made people expect a somewhat softer line on Russia from the new governing team in London who were, after all, supporters of Brexit and opponents of Cameron. 
When Boris Johnson became the new foreign secretary, several MPs were even concerned about him not being 'tough enough' with Russia and making 'conciliatory' calls to his Russian counterpart, foreign minister Sergei Lavrov. 
Johnson quickly proved these concerns wrong, issuing a call for protests near the Russian Embassy in London as a way to punish Moscow for its actions in Syria. 'This is something unprecedented in the world of diplomacy,' Alexey Pushkov, former head of the Duma's committee on international affairs, said in an interview to Vesti FM radio station. 'A diplomat calling for non-diplomatic solutions, with popular anger mobilized – this is something new.' Pushkov also noted Johnson's tough statement accusing Russia of deliberately killing Syrian civilians with 'repeated bombings.''They drop one bomb and then they wait for the aid workers to come out pulling the injured from the rubble, and then five minutes later they drop another bomb,' Boris Johnson said in an interview with the tabloid The Sun. 
'Boris Johnson is showing a flamboyant attitude where it is needed least of all,' Pushkov replied. 
For their part, the Russian authorities, disappointed by Johnson, are also changing their tone, trying to drive home to both foreign and domestic audiences the message that they are angry. 
'Decent people first provide the evidence, and only later they come out with accusations,' said Maria Zakharova, spokesperson for the Russian Ministry of Foreign Affairs, in response to Johnson's interview with The Sun. Seeing the bigger picture 
Both Johnson and Zakharova have provided plenty of fodder for the media, but all commentary and posturing aside, the decline in Russo-British relations is detrimental not just for the two countries at hand, but also for global security at large. 
'We should not forget that the world was once brought to the brink of a nuclear disaster not because of European problems, but because of a conflict over a distant land – Cuba. When I hear British voices suggesting that NATO forces should impose a no-fly zone over northern Syria by striking at the airfields of the Syrian or Russian air forces in Syria – I get really worried,' Alexei Pushkov said. 'In this situation, tough statements with a strong populist message – such as the talk about 'warning strikes' in Syria – such statements are not just tasteless, they are plain dangerous.' Patriarch's visit to London hailed as step toward reconciliation with West Media tensions were somewhat eased by the visit to the UK by Russian Orthodox Patriarch Kirill. During his visit, which took place on Oct. 15-18, the Patriarch deliberately avoided controversial issues, playing down the conflict between the Russian and British governments. 'Political differences won't be able to disrupt the relations between Russia and Britain on the basic level, on the level of people-to-people ties,' Patriarch Kirill said, speaking to journalists before his flight back to Moscow. 'I am often asked about our church's position on Ukraine. My answer is that there can be only one position: to reconcile the people, to lessen the tension, to end the bloody clashes.'
Trying to minimize the damage from the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, the Russian Orthodox Church still recognizes Crimea as a canonical territory of its Ukrainian 'Orthodox sister church.' For two years, Patriarch Kirill avoided any political comments on the recent 'regime change' in Ukraine. When the Ukrainian government barred him from visiting Kiev, the cradle of Orthodox Christianity in ancient Rus, Kirill did not protest. In this way, the Russian Orthodox Church is offering a good example of forgiveness and compromise. Several British MPs protested against what they called a 'red carpet reception' for Patriarch Kirill in London because of Kirill's loyalty to Putin, but the Patriarch did not pronounce a single word of anger or even sadness, meeting instead with Queen Elizabeth, the titular head of the Church of England, and blessing by his presence the opening of a renovated Orthodox cathedral in London. 
'Since the early stages of deterioration of relations between Russia and the West, the church leaders have often been doing the diplomats' jobs in Russia's relations with the West,' wrote Moscow-based Nezavisimaya Gazeta, deviating from its usual line, which is very critical of Kirill. 
This is perhaps not the worst of developments: at a time when diplomats are often sacrificing security and professionalism in order to boost their standing in the mass media, the church is trying to remember and celebrate the positive legacy of Russo-British relations. This is done not so much for the sake of history, as for the sake of a secure future. Sooner or later, this cursory attitude towards diplomacy will have to give way to wisdom and responsibility. 
Dmitry Babich is a political analyst at Sputnik International. 
The opinion of the writer may not necessarily reflect the position of RBTH or its staff. Subscribe to get the hand picked best stories every week Subscribe to our mailing list

ARTICLE

navy , RBTH Daily , spain , syria Russian aircraft carrier Admiral Kuznetsov in international waters off the coast of Northern Norway on Oct. 17, 2016. Source: Reuters 
Madrid has decided not to allow the Russian aircraft carrier Admiral Kuznetsov to refuel in the port of Ceuta, a Spanish enclave on the North African coast, reneging on a previous agreement with Moscow. 
On Oct. 26, the warships of the Northern Fleet's aircraft carrier group led by the cruiser Admiral Kuznetsov , having passed the English Channel, were moving toward Gibraltar. 
Their route and tasks, according to presidential spokesman Dmitry Peskov, are "in a sealed envelope marked 'Top Secret'." 
As the Spanish Foreign Ministry said earlier, the ships were to arrive on Oct. 28 in the port of Ceuta (a Spanish enclave in Morocco). The permit, as Madrid noted, was issued in September. 
However, when the news of the imminent arrival of the ships in Ceuta made the press, Spain came under heavy criticism from its NATO allies. 
NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg said that he would not have had anything against the refueling of Russian ships in other circumstances, but now he was extremely concerned that they could be used to attack Aleppo. Similar statements were made by politicians and military figures from the UK and the U.S. 
In Spain itself, the Republican Left of Catalonia was most vocal in protesting against the arrival of the Russian ships in Ceuta. Their press service confirmed to Kommersant that members of the Congress of Deputies of Spain from the party had demanded that acting Foreign Minister Jose Manuel Garcia-Margallo and acting Defense Minister Pedro Morenesa explain why Russian ships involved in the Syrian operation were being serviced in the territory of a NATO country. 9 intriguing facts about the Admiral Kuznetsov aircraft carrier 
Initially, the Ceuta authorities were confused about the situation. Since 2011, the enclave's port has been visited, according to the newspaper El Pais, by 60 Russian vessels. 
"The normal criteria for accepting the visits was 'the safety of the surroundings, population and port'," The Spain Report said, citing sources in the port's administration. But under the barrage of criticism, the Spanish Foreign Ministry announced yesterday that it was reviewing "the decision following consultations." 
But by the middle of the day, El Pais quoted diplomatic sources as saying permission would be revoked if it was confirmed that the ships were heading to Syria. Without waiting for the outcome, the Russian authorities themselves abandoned the idea. "We affirm that the ships will not enter the port of Ceuta, because the route has changed," the Russian Embassy in Spain said. Moscow's reaction 
Speaking to Kommersant, the Embassy's press secretary Vasily Nioradze Embassy urged the media not to dramatize the situation. "Approval of such stopovers is a routine process," he said. "We send a request in advance, and the decision is made based on international law and the requirements of the host country. Now this decision was made, in other cases it will be different." 
Defense Ministry spokesman Igor Konashenkov chose to place a different accent on the incident: According to him, the Russian military department provided for the possibility of "a technical stopover [in Ceuta – Kommersant] of individual ships or a supply vessel from the group of ships, in agreement with the Spanish side." 
However, according to him, no official request from the Defense Ministry was sent to Madrid. 
"The representatives of the Spanish leadership said that due to the pressure on them from the U.S. and NATO, the entry of the Russian ships in the port of Ceuta would be inappropriate," said Konashenkov. Publicly, however, the Spanish authorities did not make such statements. Russian experts: Cruiser is on training mission 
Ruslan Pukhov, director of the Center for Analysis of Strategies and Technologies (TsAST), does not view the change of the Admiral Kuznetsov 's route as a disaster. 
"We might as well refuel in Algeria or Malta, I'm betting on Algeria since Malta is an EU member state and it will face the same problems as Spain," he told Kommersant. Russia to establish a permanent naval base in Syria 
At the same time, according to Pukhov, the arrival of the Admiral Kuznetsov in Syria is unlikely to radically change the balance of forces in the region, but it will allow Russia to increase its international prestige. 
"The French use an aircraft carrier in that region, because they do not have a base, while we do have one," he said. 'The purpose of the Kuznetsov 's mission is likely to be training. Pilots of deck aircraft need to train, and Syria provides an opportunity to do it in combat conditions." 
TsAST expert Andrei Frolov added that the Admiral Kuznetsov 's mission has "an advertising component.""India is thinking about buying MiG-29K/KUB deck fighters for future aircraft carriers, and a demonstration of their capabilities in Syria will help it decide sooner,' he said. Subscribe to get the hand picked best stories every week Subscribe to our mailing list Facebook

ARTICLE

vladimir putin , Valdai , sochi , RBTH Daily Russian President Vladimir Putin. Source: Kremlin.ru 
Russian President Vladimir Putin has said that the use of what he described as a "mythical" Russian military threat is "a profitable business." 
The Russian leader made this statement on Oct. 27 at a session of the Valdai international discussion club in Sochi. 
"Fabricated, mythical threats like the so-called Russian military threat are constantly repeated. This is, indeed, a profitable business to seek new budgets in countries and press allies to fit the interests of one superpower, expand NATO and bring the alliance's infrastructure, combat units and military hardware to our borders," said Putin. 
"The truth is, however, that Russia is not going to attack anyone, that's ridiculous," he continued.

ARTICLE

Figures Long-gone Russian Empire: Small towns in colorful archive photos Sergey Prokudin-Gorsky was a Russian photographer best known for his pioneering work in color photography. In the early 20th century he traveled across the Russian Empire capturing small-town life. Scroll down to see more SERGEY PROKUDIN-GORSKY Sergey Prokudin-Gorsky was a Russian chemist and photographer. He is best known for his pioneering work in color photography. In 1890 Prokudin-Gorsky joined Russia's photography section of the Imperial Russian Technical Society. / Avraamiev Monastery in the city of Smolensk. SERGEY PROKUDIN-GORSKY In 1901, Prokudin-Gorsky established a photography studio and laboratory in Saint Petersburg. Throughout the years, Prokudin-Gorsky's photographic work, publications and slide shows to other scientists and photographers in Russia, Germany and France earned him praise. / View of Volga river and Zytsov city. SERGEY PROKUDIN-GORSKY The Tsar Nicholas II enjoyed the color photos, and, with his blessing, Prokudin-Gorsky got the permission and funding to document Russia in color. / Dormition Cathedral, Smolensk. SERGEY PROKUDIN-GORSKY In long journeys around the country, carried out from 1905-1909, Prokudin-Gorsky captured on film the patriarchal Russian life. / Nikolskye gates in the city of Smolensk. Sergey Prokudin-Gorsky In the course of ten years, Sergey Prokudin-Gorsky was to make a collection of 10,000 photos. / Trinity Cathedral in Torzhok. SERGEY PROKUDIN-GORSKY Thanks to him, we have unique colour portraits of Tolstoy, Chekhov and Shalyapin, his pictures of young Russian peasants, the Emir of Bukhara, sailors from the steamship 'Sheksna', factory workers are widely known. / Nilov Monastery situated on a Stolobny Island in the Tver Oblast of Russia. SERGEY PROKUDIN-GORSKY As a result of unique technology, the images have survived in modern standards of quality and original, wonderfully saturated colours. / Bogomaterinskaya church. SERGEY PROKUDIN-GORSKY His ultimate goal was to educate the schoolchildren of Russia with his "optical color projections" of the vast history, culture, and modernization of the Empire. / View of city of Staritsa. SERGEY PROKUDIN-GORSKY After the October Revolution, Prokudin-Gorsky was appointed to a new professorship under the new regime, but he left Soviet Russia in August 1918. / View of Tver and Volga river. SERGEY PROKUDIN-GORSKY Upon leaving the country, about half of his photos were confiscated by Russian authorities for containing material that seemed to be strategically sensitive for war-time Russia. / Torzhok city. Sergei Prokedin-Gorsky Sergey Prokudin-Gorsky finally settled in Paris in 1922. He died in died on September 27, 1944 at the age of 81. / View on Borisoglebsky Monastery, Torzhok. Facebook

ARTICLE

Miss Russia AFP/East News 
Miss Russia Alisa Manenok shows off her souvenir of a stuffed cat while boarding a boat at the Lake Ashinoko in Hakone town, Kanagawa prefecture. Seventy women will compete for the 2016 Miss International crown in Tokyo on October 27. Facebook 

ARTICLE

fall of the ussr , Valdai , sochi In days when modern Moscow is being accused of pursuing similar ambitions to the USSR, the assembled experts tried to formulate the basic myths about Russia's Soviet past. Source: Panthermedia / Vostock-photo 
The world's leading scholars and analysts from the Valdai Club have analyzed collapse of the Soviet Union and compared the direction of current Russian foreign policy to that of its predecessor at a meeting of the international discussion forum in Sochi on Oct. 24-27. 
In days when modern Moscow is being accused of pursuing similar ambitions to the USSR, the assembled experts tried to formulate the basic myths about Russia's Soviet past and discussed whether the Kremlin is seeking to re-establish. Deliberately dismantled? 
"I do not believe that there is an inevitability that in 1991 the Soviet Union had to collapse. There are plenty of reasons why it did not have to occur then," Robert Legvold, Professor Emeritus at Columbia University and director of the Euro-Atlantic Security Initiative, told RBTH, adding that none of the main theories that experts put forward in their search for the causes of the collapse of the Soviet Union in 1991 explain the phenomenon fully. 
Wherever the reasons for the collapse were hidden – in the political and economic system of the USSR or the problem of nationalities that fueled separatist aspirations in some parts of the multinational association – it is still impossible to say with certainty why the Soviet Union collapsed in 1991, said Legvold. 
13th annual meeting of Valdai Discussion Club in Sochi / Source: Anatoly Strunin / TASS 
The failure to completely understand the reasons for the collapse of the Soviet Union fuels the opinion that the Soviet Union was deliberately dismantled. 
"In Russia, too many people believe that the Soviet Union was dismantled, rather than that it broke down on its own," Andrei Tsygankov, a professor at the departments of political science and international relations at San Francisco State University, told RBTH. 
The view that the crisis in the Soviet Union was not of a structural nature is confirmed by the fact that in 1988 the economic situation in the USSR improved, Tsygankov said. 
"Perhaps it was not a structural, but a cyclical crisis. If the policies had been different, it would have been possible to change the situation," he suggested. 
However, an even more interesting question, according to Tsygankov, concerns the extrapolation of the principles of Soviet foreign policy to modern Russia. Few ambitions 
"The train has left," said Richard Sakwa, Professor of Russian and European politics at the University of Kent, responding to RBTH's question about whether Moscow is looking for the impact on other countries that it had in Soviet times. 
It is a mistake to think that any strengthening of Russian influence in the post-Soviet space should necessarily mean the Kremlin's desire to recreate the Soviet Union, he explained. 
Legvold agreed, arguing that Russian President Vladimir Putin's infamous words about the collapse of the USSR being "the greatest geopolitical catastrophe of the century" should not be interpreted as his desire to restore the Soviet Union at the earliest opportunity. Putin: Use of 'mythical' Russian military threat a 'profitable business' 
Contemporary Moscow has no ambitions to involve neighboring countries in Cold War-era blocs, believes Legvold. According to the expert, Russia, like any country, wants to have a say in making regional decisions affecting its interests, but this does not mean that Russia is looking for a way to gain full control over its neighbors. 
That is why the countries of the Western world should not take Russia as a potential aggressor; Moscow's main task now is to improve the economic and demographic situation in the country, says John Mearsheimer, a professor of political science at the University of Chicago. 
At the same time, a number of those gathered in Sochi expressed a belief that criticism of Russian integration initiatives is due to the fact that they call into question the faith of the Western countries that there is no alternative to the modern world order. 
"The universal system established by the West after 1991 is trying to […] homogenize political space across the globe," said Sakwa. "The development of BRICS and other alternatives is precisely the argument to say that there is now an alternative force, where this unipolar universalism no longer applies." 
At the same time, Moscow is not looking for ways to oppose the Western world with an alternative world order deliberately, according to experts, who are convinced that Russia's foreign policy initiatives, including its increasingly close cooperation with China, is due primarily to the U.S. and EU policies toward Moscow. 
"Russians tend to react to the Americans […]. It is the Americans pushing the Russians towards the Chinese which, I believe, is not in America's national interests," said Mearsheimer.

ARTICLE

Moscow culture department to offer lecture series for expats October 28, 2016 RBTH Prominent critics and scholars will teach sessions of the month-long course. Facebook moscow "Exploring Russian Culture" course will have four units. Source: Courtesy of Digital October 
The Department of Culture of the city of Moscow is introducing a month-long lecture series in English aimed at foreign residents of the Russian capital. Entitled 'Exploring Russian Culture,' the program is for those who want to immerse themselves in Russia's strong tradition of cultural excellence. Each lecture will focus on one area — such as literature, theater, music, cinema and etiquette — and will be given by a top-ranking expert in the particular field. 
Twelve lectures by Moscow's most prominent creative minds will take place from Nov. 14-Dec.14. The speakers include: literary critic Konstantin Milchin, director of the Moscow Design Museum Alexandra Sankova, Academic Leader and Associate Professor in Cultural Studies at the Higher School of Economics Olga Roginskaya, and many more. 
The complete list of lecturers and schedule is available here . 
The cost of the entire course (36 hours, 12 lectures) is 14,900 rubles ($238). The cost for all lectures on a single theme (9 hours, 3 lectures) is 4,000 rubles ($64). The cost to attend one lecture is 1,500 rubles ($24). 
Applications are available here . 
Russia Beyond The Headlines is a media partner of the initiative. Subscribe to get the hand picked best stories every week Subscribe to our mailing list

ARTICLE

Russia's patrol ship Yaroslav Mudry arrives in Cuba on visit October 28, 2016 TASS cuba , navy The patrol ship Yaroslav Mudry. Source: Mil.ru 
The Russian Baltic Fleet's Project 11540 patrol ship Yaroslav Mudry and the tanker Lena have arrived in the Cuban port of Havana on a business visit, fleet spokesman Roman Martov said. 
"The patrol ship Yaroslav Mudry and the tanker Lena have arrived in Cuba on a business visit," Martov said. 
"In the capital of Freedom Island, the Baltic Fleet sailors will replenish water and food supplies, carry out a planned check of the ships and have a rest after a trans-Atlantic passage," he added. 
In mid-October, the patrol ship Yaroslav Mudry left the Mediterranean Sea where it made part of the Russian Navy's permanent grouping. 
The patrol ship was performing anti-piracy tasks in the Indian Ocean over several weeks. After that, the ship crossed the Mediterranean Sea to the Atlantic Ocean. 
The patrol ship started its long-distance voyage on June 1.

ARTICLE

Russian scientists to track sea lions from space October 28, 2016 TASS kamchatka , animals , space , russian far east Steller sea lions are found everywhere near the coast of the Kamchatka peninsula, but the largest reproductive rookery is located on the Aleutian and Kuril Islands. Source: Lori Images 
Researchers at the Kamchatka branch of the Pacific Institute of Geography of Russia's Science Academy's Far East Department now have the opportunity to monitor Steller sea lions that are on Russia's Red List of Threatened Species, from space, the Komandorsky Nature Reserve's Spokesman Alexei Veledinsky told TASS on Oct. 28. The researchers succeeded in installing five GPS tags on two full-grown sea lionesses and three cubs on the national park's territory. 
"It was not an easy task as these animals are very timid. They had to be knocked out using tranquillizers so that they could be tagged," Veledinsky said. 
However, right after the animals woke up, scientists started receiving the data on their movement. In one case, a few days after being tagged, a sea lionesses and her cub travelled several hundred kilometers from the Commander Islands through the Pacific Ocean to Russia's Kamchatka Peninsula. All of the sea lions' movements are depicted on a map via a computer program. 
"Researchers will be able to follow the sea lions for approximately one year. The tags placed on the animals' heads will fall off when they begin to shed their fur. That said, the tags are glued to their fur with a specific paste," Veledinsky explained. 10 UNESCO treasures in Russia on one map 
One of the main goals of this research is to garner scientific data on the winter habitats of the sea lions populating the Commander Islands as their number has been falling. In the 1960s and 1970s up to 12,000 sea lions used to spend the winter on the islands, while in summer there were 2,000 to 5,000 animals there. Now there are no more than 600 sea lions. The new data will enable the creation of more safe conditions in the sea lions' rookeries. There are four rookeries where sea lionesses bear cubs on the Commander Islands, which is encompassed by the national park. Besides that, there are also three rookeries where cubs are not born. 
The Komandorsky Nature Reserve, founded in 1993, is the largest marine sanctuary in Russia with a territory of more than 3 mln hectares.

ARTICLE

RBTH Daily , army , military , arms The Buk-M3 anti-aircraft missile system. Source: Press Photo 
On Oct. 21, on the day the Russian army received its new military technology, Russian Defense Minister Sergei Shoigu said that in October 2016 half of all the military hardware in the Russian armed forces now consisted of new models. 
Shoigu, who also holds the rank of army general, noted that in accordance with a presidential decree, by 2020 70 percent of the army's technology will consist of updated models. The first Buk-M3 anti-aircraft missile system in the Russian army 
One of the main "gifts" for Russia's army was the Buk-M3 anti-aircraft missile system. Shoigu said that the armed forces had received the first division of Buk-M3s. 
"This is not only the modernization of the air defense system that the Russian army already has. Basically, this is a new model with old dimensions," explained Valery Yarmolenko, director of the press service at arms manufacturer Almaz-Antey. 
He noted that the Buk-M3's key particularity is the location of the missiles in the launching containers, just like in the S-300 systems, which are simultaneously transport and launching containers. 
Thanks to developments made by Russian manufacturers, the missiles can be fired from the 12 cylindrical containers 20 seconds after the system is set up. Unlike its predecessor, the new system can strike missiles and enemy planes not 15 but 70 kilometers (45 miles) away. 
The Rossiyskaya Gazeta newspaper confirms that the Buk-M3 anti-aircraft missiles can strike surface and ground radiocontrast targets – that is, they can be used as tactical-guided missiles and not only defensive weapons. What else has the Russian army received? 
In the last three months the Russian armed forces have received a series of defensive systems. Among them are the following: 
- two regimental kits of S-400 anti-aircraft missiles systems and six combat Pantsir-S machines; 
- the Bal and Bastion missile systems for the Western Military District; 
- two divisions of Buk-M2 anti-aircraft systems; 
- three intercontinental ballistic missiles; 
- 100 Kalibr winged missiles and Onyx anti-missile systems for Russian Navy ships and submarines. 
A BUK-M2E surface-to-air missile system on display during the International Aerospace Salon in Zhukovsky near Moscow / Source: Mikhail Voskresenskiy/RIA Novosti 
Sergei Shoigu noted that during the Army-2016 Military Technological Forum near Moscow in early September Russia showed the world most of the new technology that the armed forces are now acquiring. 
"Defense ministry representatives and foreign and Russian military experts could appreciate Russia's combat possibilities during the demonstrations," he said. Problems with rearming the army 
"The modernization and development of the Russian armed forces program, which costs 22 trillion rubles ($343 billion today), can fully guarantee the country's security by the time it terminates in 2022. However, there is a series of problems that must be solved," said Viktor Yesin, former director of the General Staff of the Strategic Missile Forces. 
In his words, the modernization of the defense industry, in which three trillion rubles have already been invested ($48 billion), is failing. 
"This is due to the sanctions and the fall of Russia's economy. The process of import substitution in the defense enterprises is getting practically nowhere," said Yesin. Russia designing new 'aircraft carrier killer' torpedo to boost naval power 
According to a source in the Russian defense industry, the main problem lies in the fact that Russia will not be able to substitute imported items in a series of key sectors in the upcoming years. 
"One thing is the modernization of enterprises. But creating from scratch certain units that will produce the technology is another. The enterprises will be able to produce the ship and helicopter engines that were imported from other countries by 2018. However, there are many electronic systems accompanying these machines that Russia will not be able to produce independently," said the source. 
According to Russian Deputy Defense Minister Timur Ivanov, the financing of the defense industry has diminished due to the crisis, a trend that may continue in 2017. 
"Defense industry enterprises have long-term contracts to build ships, missiles, aviation and space satellites. There will be no sequestration here. During crises purchases of secondary technology – armored personnel carriers, engineer machines and so on – are reduced," explained the source. Why is Russia spending so much on modernizing its army? 
According to Yesin, the share of defense expenses is unquestionably very big. But if Russia wants to feel secure and not worry about tomorrow, then money must be spent today in order to avoid a repeat of the 1990s and 2000s. 
"In terms of nuclear weapons, we are on par with the U.S., but in terms of conventional weapons, we trail significantly. If we want to avoid war, we must make up for what we lacked in the 1990s and 2000s," said Yesin. Subscribe to get the hand picked best stories every week Subscribe to our mailing list Facebook

ARTICLE

education , children , RBTH Daily Bella Devyatkina Source: Rossia One TV Channel 
Earlier this month Bella instantly became famous thanks to "Amazing People," a show on the Russian television. The video with the girl answering questions, singing songs and talking about herself in different languages went viral. 
"Compared with this child, I feel like an idiot," users wrote in the comments section. 
Video by YouTube 
Yulia Devyatkina, Bella's mother, said her daughter is not a child prodigy; they just invested a lot of time and effort in her development. "Not every child needs to speak six languages, but any kid can master two or three," the mother said. 
Bella's parents understand that their daughter will not be using all these languages in every day life. 
"When school starts we will focus on English, French and Chinese," the mother said. "We also don't worry that Bella will not be interested in her classes. She has the same knowledge that any four-year-old child should have, but she is able to discuss these topics in different languages." French baby talk 
Bella's mom is a linguist and has been teaching English to children for seven years. Her father works at the Radio Research and Development Institute based in Moscow. The family has an average income, but the parents decided that their daughter's development is their main priority. Italian polyglot: 'To understand Russians you must speak Russian' 
Initially, the parents wanted Bella to speak English like a native speaker, and the mother spoke with Bella in English and Russian from birth, alternating every other day. She made sure that the languages were not mixed, not allowing the girl to insert Russian words during a conversation in English. 
When Bella was 10-month-old, her parents added French. She could not talk but could point her finger at things when adults referred to them. Bella mastered reading even before she began to talk, and her parents taught this using special cards from the age of five months. For example, when ten-month-old Bella was shown the word "hand" written in Russian or English, she showed her little hand. By the age of one, she and her parents mastered 60 such cards. Bella began to read easily at the age of two. Chinese cartoons 
By the age of two Bella learned to speak in short sentences and read fluently in three languages. When she was just under three, her parents added Chinese to her program. According to the mother, Bella showed great interest in the new language, and she asked to watch cartoons in Chinese. 
At the age of three years and two months, little Bella showed an interest in learning Spanish and German, as well as dancing, violin and vocals. Then Arabic was also added. Bella walks, plays hide and seek, and reads ordinary books for children – she just does it in different languages. All her classes are held in the form of a game. 
The parents organize small educational excursions with native speakers for Bella, she also attends an English theater club, studies drawing in French, dancing in Spanish, and attends figure skating lessons with a native German speaker. In addition, the parents regularly organize joint language classes for Bella and her friends who are also brought up in a multilingual environment. Brain power 
Scientists confirm that the ability to speak in different languages, and switch from one to the other, depends on the interaction of different areas of the brain. They are activated depending on the language's phonetic characteristics, its grammatical system, imagery and even tonality. 
"Every new experience is reflected in the brain by the emergence of new nerve connections," said psychologist Tatyana Dyachenko. "The hippocampus, responsible for memory, stimulates the growth of new neurons. The volume of certain parts of the brain literally grows.'' 
"Multilingualism has a positive effect on a child's overall development, though it may cause a lag in the development of speech at an early stage in comparison with children who grow up with only one language," said Kira Ivanova, an expert at the Institute of Linguistic Studies (ILS) in the Russian Academy of Sciences. 
Early training, however, does not guarantee that the child will be fluent in the language in the future. 
"I know one mom who spoke with her child only in English until he was three," said Maria Molina, a researcher at the ILS. "Now this boy struggles with the curriculum at an ordinary Russian school." Subscribe to get the hand picked best stories every week Subscribe to our mailing list Facebook

ARTICLE

RBTH Daily , syria , aviation , missiles Ka-52K attack helicopters. Source: Yuri Smityuk / TASS 
Ka-52K attack helicopters deployed on the Admiral Kuznetsov aircraft carrier will test-fire test the latest Hermes extreme-range anti-tank guided missiles for the first time in Syria in the battle with Islamic State, the daily newspaper Izvestiya has reported . 
"Tests in a combat environment will help finalize the missile system, which should become a standard weapon for Russia's Alligator military helicopters," the newspaper said, citing a source in the Russian military-industrial complex. "It was decided to test the Hermes in more difficult, shipborne air operations." What is the Hermes and what is it for? 
According to Izvestiya, owing to the new weapon, the Ka-52K will be able to destroy enemy tanks, fortifications and manpower at a distance of 30 km (20 miles). The range of similar Russian and foreign systems (Ataka, Vikhr, Hellfire, and others) is less than 10 km. 
According to Viktor Litovkin, a retired colonel and military expert for the TASS news agency, the Hermes will be used to attack well-protected militant targets – arms and IED production facilities as well as command posts and temporary firing points. 
"Based on its combat use, it will be decided whether to send the system back for revision or to adopt it," said Litovkin. Features of the Hermes 
As experts interviewed by RBTH noted, the missile's key feature is the ability to track and destroy over-the-horizon targets. Due to its infrared homing and laser guidance capabilities, it can hit enemy armored vehicles autonomously, even if they are out of sight of the helicopter crew. 
"Similar tactical tasks can be performed by Israel's Spike-NLOS system, which is mounted on a wheeled chassis. However, Russia's Hermes can be deployed on ground tracked vehicles as well as on helicopters and ships. Ours is more universal," a source in the Russian Defense Ministry said in an interview with RBTH. Defense Minister: Russian arms pass Syria test, but there are problems 
According to the source, the official data on the missile will be provided after its adoption. 
"Now we can only say that its range is much greater than that of foreign anti-tank systems, the farthest of which hits targets 10 km away," said the RBTH source. 
He added that the missile can be equipped with either a cumulative or high-explosive warhead. The shipborne Ka-52 
The Ka-52 Katran attack helicopters were created for the French Mistral-class amphibious assault ships. 
However, according to Vadim Kozyulina, a professor of the Academy of Military Science, Francois Hollande had to terminate the contract for the supply of the ships to Russia under pressure from NATO allies. Eventually, the Mistrals were acquired by Egypt, and immediately thereafter Cairo purchased a batch of 50 Russian Katrans from Moscow. 
It was decided to deploy the remaining helicopters on the Admiral Kuznetsov aircraft carrier, and they will have their "baptism of fire" at the end of the year. 
As Kozyulina noted, the "ground" version of the Ka-52 has proved to be successful in the Syrian campaign. The new machines will also have to demonstrate their combat potential to future buyers. 
Video by YouTube 
The helicopters can use P-73 and Igla-V air-to-air missiles, unguided air-to-surface missiles and Hermes anti-tank guided missiles. Subscribe to get the hand picked best stories every week Subscribe to our mailing list Facebook

ARTICLE

people , regions , caucasus , folk , culture Young residents of Dzuarikau village performing a dance at a folklore concert. Republic of Northern Ossetia-Ala, Russia. Source: Yakov Berliner/RIA Novosti 
For Alik Pagayev, an Ossetian who manages a troupe at the Narty Theater in Vladikavkaz, creativity is in the blood of his people. 
'I was born in a mountain village and we had this joke: 'Throw a balalaika out of your window, anyone who catches it can play it,' he says. 
Vladikavkaz, the capital of North Ossetia, a small republic on Russia's southern edge bordering Georgia, is called the 'Caucasian St. Petersburg.' No other city in the North Caucasus has so many creative people: artists, photographers, designers and performers. 
Creative abilities, however, are not the only national trait of the Ossetians. Pagayev says that every Ossetian has military skills and talents for working with horses in their blood. 
Creative abilities are not the only national trait of the Ossetians. Alik Pagayev says that every Ossetian has military skills and talents for working with horses in their blood. Source: Anastasia Stepanova Open-mindedness to new cultures 
The Ossetians are descended from Iranian-speaking nomads – the Scythians and the Sarmatians. In historical writings from the 2nd century A.D. these tribes were known for their serious military and political might. 
By the 11th century A.D. the medieval kingdom of Alania had been established in the region. Its inhabitants were famous for their military skills: The main army consisted of the cavalry. Despite their glorious reputation, the Alans could not fight off the Tatar-Mongolian invasion and in the 14th century they were practically destroyed as a people. Only few hundred Alans remained in the mountains. However, the nation managed to survive and later it successfully assimilated in Russia. 
According to a 2010 census, today there are almost 700,000 Ossetians in the world, most of whom live in Russia. Most Ossetians live in North Ossetia (459,600 people), while in Moscow there are 7,900 Ossetians and in St. Petersburg slightly over 3,000. 
While 45,900 Ossetians live in the disputed territory of South Ossetia (recognized by just three nations, with the rest of the world continuing to see it as part of Georgia), they also live in Russia's other Caucasian republics. In Kabardino-Balkaria there are more than 9,000 Ossetians, in the Stavropol Territory there are almost 8,000 and there is even a separate Ossetian village in Karachay-Cherkessia with 3,100 inhabitants. There are also Ossetian diasporas in other countries. In Turkey the fraternity counts 37,000 members and in Georgia – 14,300 outside South Ossetia. 
'The Caucasus started to become a part of Russia in the 18th century. Our republic was one of the first,' explains Anna Kabisova, a photographer and photojournalist. 
'The Ossetians are Christians. So it is easier for them, in comparison to the Muslim republics, to find common ground with the Russian population.' Source: Archive photo, 19th century 
'The Ossetians perceived these changes as a salvation since it is difficult to survive in the mountains and the intelligentsia understood that it was important to develop. A step towards Russia implied opportunity. Back then many Ossetians went to study in St. Petersburg. That is how this place acquired many artists, sculptors and then its own influential art school, its own distinguishing style,' she said. 
In her view, such open-mindedness to new cultures is also a national trait. 'The reason lies in religion. The Ossetians are Christians. So it is easier for them, in comparison to the Muslim republics, to find common ground with the Russian population.' Pies, beer and offerings to the gods 
Actually, the Christianity found in the republic is not entirely traditional. Pagan beliefs are also strong here. The Ossetians have dozens of popular religious celebrations with various rituals. There are symbolic peace sacrifices, for example, slaughtering a chicken or a sheep for guests at a feast. 
The famous Ossetian national pies are sacred food. These round, thin pies with meat, cheese and potatoes in the Ossetian worldview represent the sun. During a holiday each family places three pies on the table. They also have local breweries. 
'The Caucasus started to become a part of Russia in the 18th century. Our republic was one of the first,' explains Anna Kabisova, a photographer and photojournalist. Anna Kabisova 
For many occasions women brew beer according to the national recipe. The Ossetians have their own Oktoberfest. Each October Vladikavkaz holds an Ossetian beer festival/competition, to which Ossetians come from Russia and other countries. The drink, in its aspect and taste, is similar to kvas , the Russian malt drink, and is around 1.5-2 percent alcohol. 
The beer is brewed in a large cauldron over a fire. Its main ingredients are the typical ones: hops, malt. But there are also special ones such as lamb ribs and sugar – there are many different recipes. Not merchants 
'Ask me what I hate doing most and I'll respond: trading,' says Alik Pagayev, describing the national character. "The Ossetians don't have an entrepreneurial spirit. We have many talented artists, good athletes, especially in freestyle wrestling, horse breeders, but commerce is really not our thing.' 
'Ask me what I hate doing most and I'll respond: trading,' says Alik Pagayev, describing the national character. Source: Archive photo, 19th century 
Pagayev also says that tolerance and tact are two other national traits. 
'I worked in [the neighboring republic of] Kabardino-Balkaria for three years and could not get used to the fact that they speak their national language. I would go to someone's house and they would speak their own language. I wouldn't understand anything and someone would have to translate the general meaning of the conversation. 
'In Ossetia it's not like that. If there's even one guest among us, we speak Russian. A friend of mine from Chechnya would often visit us and once he heard people speaking Ossetian on a street in Vladikavkaz. He was surprised because he had thought that we always speak Russian.' 
Vladikavkaz, the capital of North Ossetia, a small republic on Russia's southern edge bordering Georgia, is called the 'Caucasian St. Petersburg.' Source: Lori/Legion-Media 
In fact, Pagayev explains, there are some young people who do not even know their national language, which he says is sad. 
'Our language must be preserved. At home my children speak only Ossetian. If I hear them speak Russian, I tell them, 'You'll speak Russian where you have to, but at home speak your native language,'' he says. 
Another important national trait is learning, he explains: 'People always wonder: A young guy from a remote mountain village goes to study in St. Petersburg or Moscow and in two years he fully integrates, speaks Russian without an accent and produces good results in his studies. This is an important trait. I think this is what helped our people survive the difficult times.' Subscribe to get the hand picked best stories every week Subscribe to our mailing list Facebook

ARTICLE

law , economy , society , standard of living , RBTH Daily The study assessed attitudes about non-violent legal violations, such as working "off the books" or not officially registering a business. Source: Vyacheslav Prokofyev/TASS 
Thirty percent of Russians believe that they can increase revenues or improve their standard of living only by violating the law, a recent survey carried out by RANEPA's Center for Socio-Political Monitoring found. "Alarming symptom" 
Respondents' agreement with this point of view depends on their economic well-being, experts say. The worse their financial situation, the more they believe they need to break the law to become wealthier. For example, 52 percent of respondents with low incomes feel this way. U.S. asked to join probe into Russian anti-corruption official 
The study assessed attitudes about non-violent legal violations, such as working "off the books" or not officially registering a business, the Center's director Andrei Pokida told RBC. The survey was conducted by personal interviews with 1,600 people from 35 regions. 
"This is an alarming symptom, as citizens' attitudes toward the shadow economy and their willingness to engage in this process can be observed against the background of a gradual decline in real incomes of the population," the researchers state. The average income of Russians has decreased by 6.1 percent during the past last year, a record decline since 1999. Almost half of Russians justify the shadow economy 
Experts found that working people have a "very approving" attitude towards various forms of the shadow economy. 
While only 7.2 percent of respondents believe that it does more benefit than harm, 34.5 percent of respondents believe the shadow economy is more beneficial than harmful, and 38.3 percent are inclined to think that it brings both benefit and harm equally; the rest found it difficult to reply. These statistics imply that about 45 percent of the employed population of Russia justify the informal economy. Russian official received a bribe of 2 bags of Whiskas 
Compared to previous survey results, the number of people who clearly approve of the informal economy decreased, down from 10.5 percent in 2013. However, the proportion of those who were neutral slightly increased, up from 33.2 percent. But Russians were even more tolerant of the shadow economy in 1990: 49.5 percent were convinced that it brought both benefit and harm, 21 percent supported it and only 13.5 percent opposed it. 
Over the subsequent 11 years, though, attitudes changed dramatically. In 2001, the number who supported the informal economy dropped to a historic low of 2.1 percent, while those opposing it increased to 49 percent; 26.7 percent remained neutral. 
According to RANEPA's June estimates, about 30 million people are engaged in Russia's shadow labor market, or 40.3 percent of the economically active population. Of these, 8.7 million people (11.7 percent) are completely excluded from the official workforce, while the remaining receive a portion of their salary "under the table" or have additional unreported earnings.

ARTICLE

Figures Could you be a romantic heroine from the Russian classics? A 'Turgenev girl' is a particular type of female character invented by the 19th century writer Ivan Turgenev. Today's Turgenev girls are marked by their delicate manners, modesty, refinement, dreamy romanticism, and femininity, though with no make-up… We invite you to answer 7 questions to find out whether or not you're a Turgenev girl.

ARTICLE

Putin calls for observing military safety measures to avoid incidents October 28, 2016 TASS vladimir putin , dmitry peskov Russian President Vladimir Putin. Source: Kremlin.ru 
Russian President Vladimir Putin has called for strictly obeying set safety measures to avoid dangerous incidents involving military aircraft and ships, Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov told reporters on Oct. 28. 
"Unconditionally, the president does not support fanning any tensions," Peskov stated. "He urges strict observance of the existing regulations in international law, which define cooperation in the context of avoiding dangerous incidents - both in the skies and at sea." 
Along with this, Peskov neither confirmed, nor denied media reports that at one of the meetings, Putin had allegedly harshly responded to an incident when Russian jets flew close to a U.S. warship. 
"Closed-door meetings are held so that opinions could be exchanged there freely," the spokesman emphasized.

ARTICLE

expats , Karelia , regions , folk , vacation , nature "The Russian countryside reminded me of the Finnish countryside that does not exist anymore. By seeing cows and goats walking along the lanes of the village I got an image of what life was like in my grandmothers' childhood in Finland." Source: Alena Repkina 
'Terveh,' I saluted a lady in her seventies while walking along the lanes of the village of Vedlozero, in the Republic of Karelia, Russia. I knew that according to statistics, one third of the inhabitants of the village spoke Karelian, a closely relative language to my native Finnish. So I was greeting passers-by in the village in Karelian in order to find out how the situation was in reality and which kind of people still spoke the language. 
'Please come inside and have Karelian pies,' answered the lady with a friendly voice, in Karelian of course. I went inside, sat at the table, ate freshly baked melting Karelian pies, drank tea and chatted with the lady and her husband. Karelians: Life on the border between cultures 
We talked together in mixed Baltic-Finnic: me in Finnish, and my hosts in Karelian. They talked about their offspring, about their children who live in bigger cities and speak Karelian too, and about their grandchildren, who speak only Russian. 
My hosts told me about their plantations and their life in the village, which is to a large extent self-sufficient. I saw their milk-producing goats, green cucumbers, red tomatoes and large potato fields. It is impressive what they are able to prepare from their natural resources. The Finland that once was 
I walked back to the house that belonged to my real hosts, the parents of a friend of mine. On my way there I had a look at the white birches and especially the rowan trees, which are sacred trees for ancient Finns. I realized that lakes and fauna in the village express clearly that Finland is a part of the same continuum extending through all northern Russia until the Ural Mountains. 
The Russian countryside reminded me of the Finnish countryside that does not exist anymore. By seeing cows and goats walking along the lanes of the village I got an image of what life was like in my grandmothers' childhood in Finland. A photographic journey around Karelia in fall 
I saw neighbors helping each other and grandchildren spending their summer days at their grandparents' place. I enjoyed dinner together with my hosts. This taught me something about Russian hospitality and mutual solidarity, about the warmth with which they treat their guests. 
The parents of a friend of mine offered me pickled cucumbers, sausages, olivier salad, different pies and sour cream, and made me feel relaxed and welcome. We talked about the trip to the lake we had made the day before; how we had caught fish and had lunch on the sands along the shore of the lake. 
Steaming sauna baths and vodka enjoyed with good company became etched in my mind as a symbol of Russian comradeship. The most important and interesting discussions between true friends in Russia, I learned, are debated in the sauna, or alternatively, in front of the vodka bottle in the small hours. Russia and the village 
I started to realize, similarly to many Russian writers and social thinkers of the 19th century, the significance of the rural atmosphere to the russkaya dusha (Russian soul). A village community such as Vedlozero reflects for me the Russian soul, the solidarity of people in their community and their hospitality. 
On the point of leaving Vedlozero, Anni, an old Karelian-speaking lady, said goodbye in a heart-warming Orthodox style. 'Jumalanke'– let God be with you – she wished me from the bottom of her heart. I suddenly realized that at this very moment the lady had unveiled the true face of Russia to me. 
Sakari Linden is Executive Director of the Association of Finnish Culture and Identity, which promotes Finnish identity and maintains cultural relations to Uralic (Finno-Ugric) peoples. He travelled to Russia (St. Petersburg and Karelia) for the first time in July 2011, and, subsequently, has traveled to Russia on several occasions. He studied Russian for two months in Petrozavodsk (the capital of the Republic of Karelia) in fall 2015. 
Send your entries for this blog to Subscribe to get the hand picked best stories every week Subscribe to our mailing list Facebook

ARTICLE

cis , military , belarus , kazakhstan , RBTH Daily About 100 aircraft and more than 9,000 troops took part in the drills. Source: Marina Lystseva/TASS 
The annual battle readiness test of the command bodies and alert forces of the Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS) Joint Air Defense System was successfully completed on Oct. 26, the Russian Defense Ministry's department of information and mass communications has said in a statement . 
The exercise involved seven of the 11 CIS countries – Armenia, Belarus, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Russia, Tajikistan and Uzbekistan. About 100 aircraft and more than 9,000 troops took part in the drills. 
"During the training, the battle readiness of the CIS alert forces and air defense assets was tested with flights of training targets, including supersonic and stratospheric," the department said. 
Video by YouTube 
The Russian Air and Space Forces' A-50 airborne warning and control systems (AWACS) were used to increase radar detection range in the Eastern European and Central Asian regions during the drills. 
The exercise involved MiG-29, MiG-31 and Su-27 fighters, Su-24 and Su-34 tactical bombers, Su-25 attack bombers and Mi-8 and Ka-27 helicopters. The Russian Airspace Forces' Tu-160 and Tu-95MS strategic missile-carrying bombers and Tu-22M3 long-range bombers posed as imaginary enemy targets. 
The exercise was led by the head of the Russian air force, Colonel-General Viktor Bondarev. Exercise against hijacking 
The exercise was pre-planned and had nothing to do with the current military-political situation, said Lieutenant-General Aitech Bizhev, former Deputy Commander of the Air Force for the CIS. Controlling the airwaves: Russia's electronic warfare systems 
Usually, the CIS air-defense forces practice executing scenarios involving the use of patrol forces against aircraft that violate the CIS borders, as well as in the case of hijacking of aircraft, in helping the crews of aircraft and helicopters in distress, said Bizhev. 
"In the summer, these exercises develop into tactical live-fire exercises on the Ashuluk firing range in the Astrakhan Region," he added. "This is the so-called practical stage of the international exercises of the CIS Joint Air Defense System, 'Combat Commonwealth'." Soviet reunion 
The recent exercise primarily involved command bodies from the Central Command Post to command posts of anti-aircraft missile battalions and individual radar companies' control points. 
"By and large, such exercises involve all the air defense troops of the former Soviet Union, of course, severely truncated compared with the 1980s," said Bizhev. 
The most important element of the exercise was the practicing of interoperability when aircraft cross the state borders of the CIS Joint Air Defense System members, as well as the movement of forces and equipment to the forward-based airfields, explained Colonel Sergei Volkov, former chairman of the Russian Air Defense Forces' Scientific and Technical Committee. Who are the members of the CIS Joint Air Defense System? 
The CIS Joint Air Defense System was established based on an agreement between 10 member countries, signed on Feb. 10, 1995 in Alma-Ata. Initially it included Armenia, Belarus, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Russia, Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, Ukraine and Uzbekistan. Azerbaijan, Georgia and Moldova later left the organization. 
The S-300PM hit the target, an imitation of a tactical rocket warhead, by the first rocket. Air Defence forces of seven states of the CIS hold military exercises code-named "Military community -2000" at the Ashuluk Air Force test range / Source: Vladimir Tyukaev/TASS 
In 1997, Turkmenistan effectively withdrew from the CIS Joint Air Defense System, while Uzbekistan cooperates with Russia exclusively on a bilateral basis. All relations in the sphere of defense with Ukraine were terminated after February 2014 over Russia's seizure of Crimea and support for rebels in the Donbass region. 
According to Volkov, the joint air defense system helps create a more cost-effective duty roster and military personnel training. In addition, according to him, the use of neighboring countries' airfields can dramatically increase the range of fighter aircraft.

ARTICLE

Russian navy honors Cuban independence leader and Soviet soldiers October 28, 2016 TASS cuba , navy The patrol ship Yaroslav Mudry. Source: Mil.ru 
Russian sailors from the Baltic Fleet's Yaroslav Mudry frigate and the Lena tanker paid tribute to Cuba's national hero, Jose Marti, and to Soviet soldiers, the Baltic Fleet's spokesman Roman Martov told TASS. 
"In the port of Havana, the Baltic Fleet sailors laid wreaths at monuments dedicated to Cuba's independence leader, Jose Marti, and to Soviet soldiers," Martov said, noting it was the first call of Russia's Baltic Fleet warships at the port of Cuba's capital in the post-Soviet era. 
During the visit, the group's commanders held talks with defense officials from the Cuban Revolutionary Armed Forces' external relations department, commanders of the Revolutionary Navy and representatives of Havana's Mayor's Office. The sailors also visited the city's historic district and museums. In the meantime, the Yaroslav Mudry frigate hosted tours onboard the ship for Havana's local residents and tourists. 
The Yaroslav Mudry set sail on a lengthy voyage from the Russian city of Baltiysk on June 1, in line with the Russian Navy's combat training plan.

ARTICLE

history , literature , romanov dinasty 
Grigori Yefimovich Rasputin (1869 – 30 December 1916) Russian peasant, mystical faith healer and private adviser to the Romanovs. Source: Photoshot / Vostok-Photo 
One hundred years ago, in December 1916, Grigory Rasputin was murdered at the home of Felix Yusupov and his body dumped in the river. Over the intervening century, the story of his unexpected rise and dramatic death has been retold so many times it is now the stuff of legend. Yusupov, during the hideous and prolonged murder, became convinced that Rasputin was 'the reincarnation of Satan himself'. But a new biography by award-winning historian Douglas Smith examines the man behind the myth. Dark Fairy Tale Douglas Smith – Rasputin (Macmillan/Farrar, Straus and Giroux, Nov. 2016). Source: macmillan.com 
Rasputin remains fixed oxymoronically in the public imagination, Smith observes, as 'mad monk' or 'holy devil'. His life, one of the most remarkable in modern history, 'reads like a dark fairy tale': an uneducated peasant from deepest Siberia feels called by God to set off on adventures, bewitches the royal family, saves the prince's life, gets too powerful, and is murdered by the great men of the realm. 
'He lived in legend, he died in legend and his memory is cloaked in legend,' wrote the brilliant satirist Nadezhda Lokhvitskaya, known by her penname Teffi, in a fabulously intimate 1924 essay on Rasputin. The piece is one of many gems in a new book of non-fiction, the first ever in English, by Teffi, famous for her sparkling short stories. 
The new collection is published in the UK as Rasputin and Other Ironies and in the US as Tolstoy, Rasputin, Others, and Me. Anne Marie Jackson has collaborated with Robert Chandler and other translators again to produce a glowing volume of Teffi's prose, and her version of this essay is both funny and forceful. Teffi describes her encounters with Rasputin and his mythological status: 'This man was unique, one of a kind, like a character out of a novel,' she wrote, reveling in Rasputin's paradoxes: semi-literate peasant and yet counselor to the Tsar? Lustful satyr or saint? 'How could anyone not be curious?' 'The End of Russia' 
Rasputin's warning to Teffi: 'if they kill Rasputin, it will be the end of Russia. They'll bury us together' proved chillingly prophetic. Recalling dinner parties with Rasputin, Teffi says she sensed an inner discomfort under his obstinate, hypnotic exterior, that 'howling inside him was a black beast.' His political power was undeniable: 'He toppled ministers and he shuffled courtiers as if they were a pack of cards.' But after the revolution, she remembered 'that black, bent terrible sorcerer'. And, as Smith puts it, his death plunged the whole country into 'unspeakable bloodletting and misery.' Unimpressed by Rasputin: A witty female voice in a male-dominated sphere Years after meeting him, Teffi gave Rasputin's autograph to one of his earliest biographers, J.W. Bienstock, whose book was reissued last year in the original French, along with other new biographies, including Frances Welch's Short Life. Smith's contrastingly capacious tome measures out a chronological account compiled from archives now scattered across the world. Rasputin includes some extraordinary incidents: tales of friendship and betrayal, scandals, mysteries, miracles, and letters written in blood. He devotes a chapter to Teffi's account, confirming Rasputin's love of wine, women and dance.
As for his legendary status as 'Russia's greatest love machine', Smith records that while talk of frenzied orgies and scores of ravaged maidens was fanciful, it is beyond doubt that he had lovers. Even Rasputin's daughter, Maria, a defender of her father's legacy conceded that: 'Surrounded by women as he was, a man of natural instincts, robust and virile, he may certainly have yielded to many temptations.' The myth continues 
At the same time, paradoxically, Rasputin's myth had a number of religious guises: as a member of the secret khlystian sect, a pilgrim, prophet or religious elder. It is this heady mix of cult rituals, mesmeric powers and sexual perversion that has fuelled Rasputin's persistent legend. The same myths have generally deterred serious academics, who – in Smith's words – saw Rasputin as 'too popular, too well-known outside the university to be taken seriously. He had the whiff of the carnival about him, a figure better left to writers of fiction or pop history.' His is perhaps the most recognized name in Russian history, says Smith, citing legions of previous biographies, together with novels, films and songs, like Boney M's 1978 Euro-disco hit about the 'lover of the Russian queen.' 
Boney M - Rasputin. Source: Carrie S. / YouTube 
The myth continues to spawn bars and nightclubs, ice dances and brands of vodka, while Rasputin remains 'practically invisible under all the gossip, slander, and innuendo'. Smith has undertaken an 'unusually arduous' search for the truth. In extricating the man from his own mythography, Smith found that Rasputin's story becoming 'the story of Russia itself'. His turbulent biography is a fascinating lens through which to view the 'twilight of tsarist Russia' and the violent history of the early 20th century. 
Teffi - Rasputin and Other Ironies (trans. Anne Marie Jackson et al. Pushkin Press , May 2016) and simultaneously, in U.S., as Tolstoy, Rasputin, Others, and Me ( NYRB , May 2016)

ARTICLE

Henry Kissinger becomes member of the Russian Academy of Sciences October 28, 2016 TASS u.s.-russia relations , RBTH Daily , science Henry Kissinger. Source: Kremlin.ru 
The ex-U.S. Secretary of State and Nobel Peace Prize winner Henry Kissinger has just been accepted as a member of the Russian Academy of Sciences alongside six other foreign Nobel Prize winners. One member of the Academy, Boris Chetverushkin, commented on the results of the voting in the academy. 
'Kissinger, Henry Alfred,' Chetverushkin announced the name of the ex-State Secretary of the U.S. amongst chosen academics at the Academy. Kissinger received the title at the Academy because of his research into global problems. 
In addition to Kissinger, the Academy also invited other Nobel Prize winners to join its ranks: Serge Haroche and Martinus Veltman, winners of the Nobel Prize in Physics; Rogers Kornberg, Jean-Pierre Sauvage and Dan Schechtman, winners in Chemistry; and Kenneth Joseph Arrow, winner in Economics. Kissinger was the former U.S. Secretary of State and Assistant to the President for National Security. He is considered one of the initiators of the policy of 'détente' between the U.S. and the Soviet Union, and in 1973 he was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize.

ARTICLE

Russia's first driverless electronic bus unveiled at Skolkovo October 28, 2016 Gazeta.ru 'Matrёshka' self-driving bus could hit the streets as early as 2017 Facebook 1 / 5 
At Moscow's Skolkovo Innovation Center, "Matrёshka" ('Matryoshka') the first electronic driverless bus was revealed. This is the first vehicle of its kind in Russia, and it is designed to carry up to eight passengers. The debut took place at the annual international forum of innovative development, "Open Innovation", which runs Oct. 26-28, 2016, reports the news agency Moscow. 
The bus is controlled by computers and is equipped with self-learning software. There are specialized sensors and cameras on board which are able to observe the situation on the road in real-time. With a full battery, the bus can travel 80 miles, with a maximum speed of 20 mph. Testing for the bus was supposed to start in October this year, it was earlier reported, in a closed area of the Skolkovo Innovation Center. Production of the bus is planned for 2017 at the Volgabus factory in Vladimirsky Region. It was also reported that the Volgabus factory created the first Russian self-driving bus. 
First published in Russian by Gazeta.ru . Subscribe to get the hand picked best stories every week Subscribe to our mailing list Facebook

ARTICLE

Russia calls for thorough investigation of Idlib school attack October 28, 2016 TASS syria , un , sergei lavrov A general view shows a damaged classroom at a school after it was hit in an air strike in the village of Hass, in the south of Syria's rebel-held Idlib province on Oct. 26, 2016. Source: AFP / East News 
Moscow is calling for a thorough investigation of the attack on a school in the Syrian province of Idlib and other incidents, Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov said after meeting with his Syrian counterpart, Walid Muallem, and Iran's top diplomat Javad Zarif. 
"The Idlib school attack has been very much hyped lately," the Russian minister said. "The allegations particularly lay the blame on Russia and Syria. We are being accused of delivering the airstrikes that hit the school. In response to these assertions, Russia's Defense Ministry has shared some facts that disprove the accusations and show that this media hype has been biased." 
"I would also like to mention that on the same day a mine hit a school in western Aleppo and at the same time, militants from eastern Aleppo shelled a humanitarian corridor set up near that school," the minister continued. "As a result, 12 civilians were killed and 20 wounded. It is impossible to distort this information. Our journalists have visited this area and recorded this absolutely inhuman crime that the insurgents active in eastern Aleppo had committed." 
All these incidents need to be thoroughly investigated, the Russian top diplomat stressed. 
At the same time, Lavrov noted that "Russia and Iran welcome the Syrian government's readiness to enhance cooperation with the UN in tackling humanitarian issues, that was confirmed today". "We believe that the UN representatives should act impartially, and refrain from responding to provocations," the Russian minister emphasized.

ARTICLE

350 ml (12 fl.oz.) milk One pumpkin, big enough to produce 400g (1.6 cup) pumpkin pulp – without seeds 50g (0.3 cup) dried apricots, 50g (0.3 cup) raisins (feel free to use other dried fruit to your taste) Spices to taste (we used nutmeg, cinnamon, and ginger) 
To cook this awesome millet pumpkin porridge, just follow these 3 simple steps: Step 1. Cut out the lid and open the pumpkin. Remove the guts and seeds. Carve out the pulp and store it for the time being. Rub the empty pumpkin with spice and put it into the oven. Bake for 25 minutes at 170C. Step 2. While your pumpkin is in the oven, let's prepare the millet. Boil water in the pot, put the millet in the boiling water and cook at low heat for 25 minutes. Take another pot and boil milk in it, then add the chopped pumpkin pulp and cook for 10 minutes. When the millet porridge is ready, mix it with the pumpkin blend and cook on low heat for another 10 minutes. Step 3. Put the porridge inside the pumpkin cavity. Put dried fruit on top. Enjoy! 

Russian Oven is a video series devoted to Russian pastries, featuring traditional age-old pies and cakes, inventive cookies and tarts of recent years, plus Soviet classics and much more. Stay tuned!

ARTICLE

By RBTH Yevgeny Biyatov / RIA Novosti 
The Russian economy will need at least 10 years to end its oil dependence, according to a statement made by the head of Sberbank, German Gref. 
"A very large amount of today's GDP is based on oil and gas,' he said at a Sberbank conference on Oct. 28. 'And it takes time to create an economy with half of the existing digital businesses, to digitize traditional forms of business. I think it will be at least 5 or even 10 years," he said.

ARTICLE

sport , 2018 world cup , RBTH Daily "I must say that Zabivaka the wolf has been my mascot at university and at work for the last 15 years. I'm happy that now he will help Russian sport!" Photo: The official mascot of the FIFA World Cup 2018 Wolf Zabivaka. Source: TASS 
Russians have voted for the mascot for the 2018 FIFA World Cup, with the winner being declared 
a wolf called Zabivaka, who wears the national tricolor and goggles and swings his paw at the ball. He will soon appear on all soccer and soccer-related paraphernalia and merchandise for the upcoming tournament. 
The other finalists were a tiger and a cat, but popular opinion was not in their favor and the wolf ran off with 53 percent of the votes (the tiger cosmonaut received 27 percent and the cat 20 percent). 
A total of 50,000 participants and their mascots – from an Amur Tiger to an alien – battled for victory. However, in the end Russians decided that an animal that howls at the moon suits them best. For some the wolf is associated with speed and assertiveness, for others the chimerical chances of the national team winning the cup. 
However, the new mascot has opened something of a Pandora's box. Following the popular vote, the Russian internet has been inundated with quibbles and for several days Zabivaka was beset with unflattering comparisons from social network users who mocked the mascot's physical appearance and name. Goalscorer, hooligan or loafer? 
"Yesterday they decided to play a joke: They proposed to call the mascot Zabivaka. And the people? The people accepted it," joked a tweet on the official Kontinental Hockey League Twitter account . 
Many internet users noticed the ambiguity of the name – the verb zabivat in Russian can mean either to score (a goal) or to strike. This was ironic since former Sports Minister Vitaly Mutko said that the name was just supposed to translate well and be original (for patenting purposes). Bear necessity: Designing a mascot for the 1980 Moscow Olympics 
"Something tells me that Zabivaka, written with Latin letters, does not make its etymology and meaning any easier for our English-language friends," wrote Twitter user @Bobchensk. 
However, social network users remembered that football inspires some to strike not only the ball: The photographs of aggressive football fans in Marseilles, France during the 2016 European Championship, when the Russian national team was almost expelled from the tournament, appeared all over the internet once again, while others showed Zabivaka among thugs attacking their victims. 
Another unfortunate association with the infinitive zabivat is the related construction zabit na , which means to be indifferent, or not to care. Social network users took advantage of this opportunity to make fun of the woeful results of the Russian national team in recent years. Here the poor wolf really took a beating. "Football and the Russian lifestyle," wrote @ntnet, while @SashaBo4alova noted that the best Zabivaka in Russian football is not a wolf but 'a loafer.' 
"I must say that Zabivaka the wolf has been my mascot at university and at work for the last 15 years. I'm happy that now he will help Russian sport!" wrote Facebook user Sergei Fokin on his page. A cheap wolf 
The wolf's appearance also raised some issues. The main problem was addressed by @Maxi_Sar: "Why the hell does the wolf need damned winter goggles if it's a football world cup?!" 
RBTH posed this question to the creator of the new World Cup mascot Yekaterina Bocharova, a 21-year-old graphic design student at Tomsk State University. 
"These are not winter goggles but just sports goggles, like the ones you use for cycling. It's just that Zabivaka is so fast on the field that he needs eye protection," she replied, adding that the goggles were also high-tech, for precise passes and strikes. Cheburashka: Fun facts about Russia's iconic furry character 
Bocharova said that she was always fascinated by Disney cartoons, that she dreams of working for this company and loves the animated film Ratatouille . Incredibly, FIFA paid her just $500 for the rights to the drawing. 
Journalists remarked (in Russian) that this was a tiny amount, noting that previous mascots cost much more. For example, the symbol of the Brazilian World Cup was Fuleko the armadillo and FIFA paid $100 million for his rights. The 1998 World Cup mascot Footix the rooster cost FIFA $30 million. 
FIFA then earns revenues from using the mascots on souvenir products. Footix brought the organization $27 million, while Zakumi the leopard, the mascot for the 2010 World Cup in South Africa, earned FIFA $71 million. 
But Bocharova has no issues with her compensation. She says that FIFA gave her "a lot more," and it has nothing to do with money. 
"All these positive feelings and meetings with amazing people. I think money can't buy all that," she said, implying her meetings with the Tomsk governor and the popular TV host Ivan Urgant, who invited Bocharova onto his talk show in Moscow. "I would have not achieved all this without them. I am very happy and grateful for all this," she said. Subscribe to get the hand picked best stories every week Subscribe to our mailing list Facebook 

ARTICLE

Photo of the day: Honor guard Reuters 
A honor guard stands at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier by the Kremlin wall in central Moscow. Facebook 

ARTICLE

terrorism , india , russia Opinion Indian Army soldiers leave the site of a gun battle in Pampore, on the outskirts of Srinagar, Kashmir. Source:AP 
The Indian experience in fighting against terrorism can be useful for Russia, while the Western experience is narrowly focused. Cooperation with New Delhi on this issue, therefore, is more important than such a dialogue with the West, said Yuri Nagernyak, General Director of 'Humanism, Progress and the Rule of Law' Fund, an international foundation for the promotion of culture, science and education. 
'I think that the Indian direction, in terms of fighting against terrorism in Russia, is extremely important, and I dare say, more important than trying to organize such cooperation with Western countries,' he said during a Moscow-Delhi video bridge, organized by the MIA Russia Today. 
Nagernyak said Russia and India were connected by 'deep interests', and a common vision of the future, which make them 'close partners'. 
Kadakin: Russia with India. Terrorism is greatest human rights violation 
Thus, 'relations between the two countries, regardless of how the political situation develops, always remain at the highest level,' he explained. 
'In this sense, in cooperating with India, in terms of the fight against terrorism, we can, firstly, be sure that this cooperation will be real, and not merely declarative. Secondly, we can be confident in the stability of this cooperation. Third, and much more important, it seems to me, exchanges between our two countries will give us much more than cooperation in this sphere between Russia and the West,' believes Nagernyak. 
The reason for this, he said, is particularly because India is faced with different directions of terrorism. 
'The Indian experience in counter-terrorism , and terrorism in many of its different forms, is really beneficial to Russia, while the experience of the West – is actually a very narrow experience,' said Nagernyak. 
Andrey Kazantsev, Director of the Analytical Centre of the Institute of International Studies, MGIMO (University) MFA Russia, also noted that, 'for Russia and India there exists a common interest in stabilizing the situation in such a wide region that includes Afghanistan, Pakistan and Central Asia'. He believes 'different formats of Russian-Indian dialogue need to be developed on this aspect of cooperation.' 
First published in Russian by RIA Novosti .

ARTICLE

vodka , beer , russians Visitors at the bar "Aist" (Stork) on Lubyansky Proyezd in Moscow Source:Alexey Kudenko / RIA Novosti 
The volume of retail trade turnover in Russia continues to decrease. In August, it fell by 0.1 percent compared to the previous month, compared to January-August last year, when it fell by 5.7 per cent, said analysts from the Russian Presidential Academy of National Economy and Public Administration (RANEPA). They were citing data from the state statistical agency Rosstat and a survey conducted by the Institute for Social Analysis and Forecasting. 
The turnover is decreasing because Russians are not only eating less and cutting back on spending on services, but they are also drinking fewer alcoholic beverages. Sales of vodka dropped catastrophically' 
From January to August 2016, vodka, liqueurs and brandies accounted for 42 percent of sales volume. Beer amounted to 44-45 percent of total sales of alcohol. Another 12-13 percent was wine production. 
Other beverages (cider, mead, etc.) made up less than 1 percent of alcohol products bought by people, according to RANEPA's monitoring data. 
Whiskey or vodka: Which drink will dominate? 
The range of sales is clearly seasonal. Retailers usually sell more wine, champagne and vodka in December while sales of beer increase by 15-20 percent in mid-summer compared to the beginning of the year. 
"Retail sales of alcohol have significantly decreased over the past two years. 10.6 percent fewer alcoholic beverages were sold between January and August this year than during the same eight months of 2014," the survey report stated. Retail sales of alcoholic beverages bottomed out in January and April 2016. 
"Sales of vodka have dropped catastrophically," Alexandra Burdyak, a senior researcher at RANEPA and one of the authors of the study, said. "The drop was 13.4 percent against the same period of last year. The main decline occurred last year, when sales of vodka decreased by 12.6 percent compared to 2014." 
However, the wine production sector showed a different trend. The traditional New Year increase in sales of wine and champagne dragged on, with wine sales remaining at 2015 levels until May 2016. 
Burdyak said consumers first finished their earlier stored wine and then, as stocks in cabinets dried out, and lovers of wine and sparkling wines made sure that nothing was happening in the economy, the ruble was not strengthening and the prices of imported alcohol were not decreasing, they began to buy this type of alcohol again. The new generation of consumers 
According to Burdyak, the decrease in consumption of vodka and other alcoholic beverages has been steady since 2013. Strong alcohol consumption peaked in 2007, and it has been in decline since then. 
The taste of Russians, born in 1985 and later, has been shaped by western, primarily European influences; they prefer wine, beer and other light alcoholic beverages. 
However, Vadim Drobiz, director of the Centre for Federal and Regional Alcohol Market Studies (TSIFRRA), believes it is a little too early to talk about a reduction in alcohol consumption in Russia. 
"Because of the crisis, the main consumers of alcoholic drinks could have switched to cheaper options, this is possible," he said. "But few people are capable of seriously saving on alcohol." 
Despite falling production, vodka consumption increasing in Russia Drinking away the crisis 
Vodka consumption fell from 53 percent of retail sales, measured in terms of absolute alcohol content, in 2007-2009 to 39 percent in 2015. During the same period, the share of beer increased from 31-32 percent to 43 percent of total sales of alcoholic beverages. 
The total volume of retail sales is calculated in terms of absolute alcohol content as follows: Half a litre of vodka (40 percent alcohol) is equal to 200 grams of ethanol; one litre of beer (4 percent) is equivalent to 40 grams, and one litre of wine (12 percent) contains 120 grams of ethanol. 
These trends appear likely to continue over the next few years, though some analysts have reservations. 
"It should be borne in mind that consumers, and the Russians certainly in my experience, consider strong alcohol to be an antidepressant," Drobiz said. "And that means that consumption of vodka and other spirits in the context of the ongoing economic crisis is not likely to fall." 
First published in Russian by Gazeta.ru . Facebook

ARTICLE

Assad thanks Putin for assistance in fighting terrorism 28 October 2016 TASS President Assad has instructed Walid Muallem to convey his gratitude to Vladimir Putin. Facebook putin , bashar al-assad , syria 
Syrian President Bashar al-Assad conveyed his gratitude to Russian President Vladimir Putin for his assistance in fighting terrorism, Syrian Foreign Minister Walid Muallem, who is on a visit to Moscow, stated during the talks with his Russian counterpart, Sergey Lavrov. 
"President Assad has instructed me to convey gratitude on behalf of the Syrian people and government to you and President Putin for your effective assistance in the fight against terrorism," Muallem said. 
"We are grateful to Russia for its effective assistance in the fight against terrorism," the diplomat said. 
"We seek to free our land from terrorists so we highly appreciate Russia and Iran's efforts aimed at achieving this goal." Ceasefire in Aleppo 
Damascus is ready to resume the ceasefire but only if there are guarantees that civilians will be able to leave the city, Muallem has noted. 
"Recently, we have made a decision to suspend hostilities in Aleppo. The ceasefire lasted for three days," Muallem said. 
"We are still ready to resume the ceasefire, but only with guarantees provided by the patrons of terrorists that the ceasefire will allow civilians leave the city." 
First published by TASS .

ARTICLE

Putin says its too early for him to retire 28 October 2016 TASS Putin expressed this opinion at the Valdai International Discussion Forum in Sochi. Facebook putin , politics , russia 
Russian President Vladimir Putin believes the time has not yet come for him to retire. He expressed this opinion at the Valdai International Discussion Forum in Sochi. 
"The moderator wished me a pleasant retirement, I have the same wish for myself, only when the time comes. This is the right thing that needs to be done but I haven't retired yet, I am an acting head of a large state so I should be reserved, and refrain from expressing unnecessary aggressiveness," Putin said. 
According to him, belligerence is not his style. Nevertheless, he was confident that in front of the Valdai Club audience one should be very honest otherwise the discussion would be boring and dry. 
First published by TASS .

ARTICLE

syria , cinema , movies Russian filmmaker Maria Ivanova. Source: Elena Kern / press-photo 
Where did you find the courage to go to the Middle East to make a film on migrants? 
Maria Ivanova: I began making my film in Berlin, in a camp for refugees. I was searching for a female protagonist. But when I arrived, I was told that girls do not flee Syria alone, only with their husbands or relatives. 
In the end I visually began "capturing" interesting faces. I found my protagonist – 14-year-old Muhammad, who was sent by his parents to Germany alone. He did the whole journey alone so that later, he could get his relatives out of Syria through the legal process of family reunification. 
During the shooting I understood that I needed to go to Damascus, where this boy's parents stayed. Because of the hassle in obtaining a Syrian visa my cameraman and I travelled to Syria through Beirut. In Lebanon you don't need a visa. 
U.S. needs Russia in Syria: Russian analysts 
As we were driving along the road I knew that ISIS was only 10 kilometres [6 miles] away, very near. We were driving incredibly fast, at 200 kilometres per hour, when the driver saw a motorcycle coming. So our car quickly turned around and headed in the opposite direction. 'Why?' I asked the driver later. Because terrorists often drive around at night on motorcycles, he said. 
That's how we got to Damascus. There was no heating in the apartment we were taken to. No electricity and hot water. We slept on something similar to a couch. There are no real beds there. And at three in the morning, I heard bombing. 
Is all of Damascus in this state? 
M.I.: I was in the south and there it was frightening to walk out on the street. People have fear in their eyes, the atmosphere is very heavy. 
Did you meet the parents of your protagonist Muhammad? How did you contact them? 
M.I.: They welcomed us with open arms. They fed us. They have all means of communication, they use social networks. After meeting with them we returned to Beirut and went to the refugee camps in Lebanon's mountains, filming there for two weeks. 
Were the Lebanese camps different from the German ones? 
M.I.: Of course. Lebanon doesn't have special conditions. There's a character in our film, a man who has 17 children. He lives in a tent that he has divided into several parts. He patches up the holes. They all sleep on the floor. Despite their horrible position, these people offered us food and played the oud [an Arabian musical instrument – RIR] for us. They joked… Their life is based on the hope that they will return home. Of course, many want to go to Europe. They fill out applications. But Europe does not accept everyone. 
Lebanon is an unusual country. Just think, there are 18 religious confessions on a territory that is smaller than the Moscow Region. There are four million residents and one and a half million Syrian refugees. And yet, I never saw a conflict between, say, Christians and Muslims. They all go to the same restaurants, the same movie theatres, everyone is friendly. 
Which films are you taking to the festival in Lebanon? 
M.I.: We finished this documentary film just a few days ago and I decided to hold the premiere in Lebanon, where we shot most of the material. Moreover, our partner, the TV channel RT, is producing two documentary films: Women against ISIS and Sector of Contradiction . The directors of these films are coming to answer questions and hold master classes. 
How much is Russian culture present in Lebanon? Do people speak Russian there? 
M.I.: Many Lebanese studied in the Soviet Union. There is even an association of Soviet university graduates. These people speak Russian, many even married Russian citizens. Furthermore, there are 30,000 Russians living there. There are Lebanese who attend classes and study Russian. Sure, you mostly hear Arabic, English and French. Russian culture is not well known. So we sort of filled a vacuum. 
A common film market for Russia, India and China? 
Is the war in the neighbouring country felt in Lebanon? 
M.I.: You still feel the previous war, the civil war. There are buildings scarred by bombings. There are many military personnel, roadblocks, armoured personnel carriers, patrols. But next to a destroyed building you can find a modern art gallery, which is followed by soldiers again, and then a modern theatre. This is a patchwork country, it is very heterogeneous. 
Once I was at the Sarajevo Film Festival, which had a really heavy atmosphere. There were no stadiums there. They had turned into cemeteries since there was no space for burying people. While in Lebanon you feel very light. You want to live, despite certain moments… The presence of soldiers, on the contrary, creates the feeling of security. 
I travelled there by car with a driver, saw beautiful cities, mountains, wine production. I went to an apple festival. I wasn't afraid. The country has a modern airport, taxis, hotels, wonderful restaurants, beaches and movie theatres. The thing is that no one anywhere will give you 100-percent guaranteed security, including when you're driving through France or Germany. In terms of security, Lebanon is no different than Europe. 
The full interview can be found on RIA Novosti . Facebook

ARTICLE

Russian scientists will track sea lions from space 28 October 2016 TASS The researchers succeeded in installing five GPS tags on two full-grown sea lionesses. Facebook science , research , russia 
Researchers at the Kamchatka branch of the Pacific Institute of Geography of Russia's Science Academy's Far East Department now have the opportunity to monitor Steller sea lions that are on Russia's Red List of Threatened Species, from space, the Komandorsky Nature Reserve's Spokesman Alexei Veledinsky told TASS on Friday. The researchers succeeded in installing five GPS tags on two full-grown sea lionesses and three cubs on the national park's territory. 
"It was not an easy task as these animals are very timid. They had to be knocked out using tranquillizers so that they could be tagged," Veledinsky said. 
However, right after the animals woke up, scientists started receiving the data on their movement. In one case, a few days after being tagged, a sea lionesses and her cub travelled several hundred kilometers from the Commander Islands through the Pacific Ocean to Russia's Kamchatka Peninsula. All of the sea lions' movements are depicted on a map via a computer program. 
"Researchers will be able to follow the sea lions for approximately one year. The tags placed on the animals' heads will fall off when they begin to shed their fur. That said, the tags are glued to their fur with a specific paste," Veledinsky explained. 
One of the main goals of this research is to garner scientific data on the winter habitats of the sea lions populating the Commander Islands as their number has been falling. In the 1960s and 1970s up to 12,000 sea lions used to spend the winter on the islands, while in summer there were 2,000 to 5,000 animals there. Now there are no more than 600 sea lions. The new data will enable the creation of more safe conditions in the sea lions' rookeries. There are four rookeries where sea lionesses bear cubs on the Commander Islands, which is encompassed by the national park. Besides that, there are also three rookeries where cubs are not born. 
The Komandorsky Nature Reserve, founded in 1993, is the largest marine sanctuary in Russia with a territory of more than 3 mln hectares. 
First published by TASS .

ARTICLE

Range of BrahMos cruise missile to be doubled 28 October 2016 Sputnik The range of BrahMos missile may be extended up to 600 km. Facebook brahmos , defence , indo-russian cooperation BrahMos is capable of hitting targets beyond the radar horizon and can be launched from sea based and land based weapon systems. Source:EPA 
India and Russia have approved the proposal to double the range of the BrahMos, world's first supersonic cruise missile at the 16th Russia-India intergovernmental commission on military cooperation meeting. 
FGFA may be armed with BrahMos cruise missiles 
Sources told Sputnik that during the annual summit in Goa, Russian President Vladimir Putin and Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi reached an agreement to develop different range of the BrahMos. 
One of the ranges agreed upon was to double it from current range of 300 km which received final nod on October 26 during the Russia-India intergovernmental commission on military cooperation meeting co-chaired by Indian Defence Minister Manohar Parrikar and his Russian counterpart Sergei Shoigu. 
'Russia is India's time tested and closest partner and it will continue to remain our primary defence partner,' Manohar Parrikar, Indian Defence Minister, said after the meeting on Wednesday. 
The proposal to increase the range of BrahMos was under consideration for a long time and now it is formalized after India became a member of Missile Technology Control Regime this year. It is said that only minor changes will be enough to extend the range of BrahMos up to 600 km. 
Why the BrahMos armed Sukhoi is bad news for India's enemies 
Currently, BrahMos is capable of hitting targets beyond the radar horizon and can be launched from sea based and land based weapon systems. Test fire of an air-launched version of Brahmos cruise missile expected to be held in February next year. The 2.5 metric ton Brahmos air-to-ground missile will be fired from an IAF (Indian Air Force) Sukhoi-30 MKI fighter aircraft that has undergone modifications to accommodate the new weapon. A successful preliminary trial has already been carried out, and two more dummy trials are in the pipeline before the actual test. 
First published by Sputnik .

ARTICLE

Lavrov and Kerry discuss Syrian settlement October 28, 2016 TASS 
Russian Foreign Ministry Sergey Lavrov and U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry discussed the Syrian settlement as well as the situation in Yemen and Libya by telephone on Oct. 28. 
The Russian Foreign Ministry said that the conversation had taken place at the U.S. side's request. 
"The foreign policy chiefs continued discussing ways of settling the Syrian conflict, including the normalization of the situation around Aleppo, with account taken of fundamental approaches contained in the previously reached Russian-U.S. agreements. For that, the United States should ultimately separate moderate opposition (in Syria) from terror groups," the Russian Foreign Ministry said. 
"Lavrov and Kerry also discussed assistance to the solution of crises in Yemen and Libya as well as separate issues of bilateral agenda," the Russian Foreign Ministry stressed.

ARTICLE

Sberbank plans to introduce Samsung pay technology in near future October 28, 2016 TASS banks , apps Sberbank is going to introduce Samsung pay technology in the near future. Source: Reuters 
Sberbank is going to introduce Samsung pay technology in the near future, Sberbank CEO German Gref told reporters on Oct. 28. 
"We are currently working on Samsung pay. I think we will introduce it in the near future," he said. 
Gref also noted that the bank is working to make Samsung pay and Apple pay available for cards of all payment systems, including Visa and Mir. 
In early October, Sberbank and MasterCard launched Apple Pay system on the Russian market. 
According to Sberbank, Apple Pay can be easily set up in the Sberbank Online mobile application, which is familiar to all Sberbank cardholders. Users can enjoy contactless payment service while continuing to receive all the benefits from using their credit and debit cards. 
Apple Pay works with iPhone SE, iPhone 6 and later, and Apple Watch.

ARTICLE

Army chief asks Putin for permission to resume airstrikes in Aleppo area October 28, 2016 TASS syria Sergei Rudskoi: Russian fighter planes in Syria have steered clear of the 10-kilometer zone around Aleppo for a 10th successive day. Source: Mil.ru 
The Russian military have asked President Vladimir Putin, who is the supreme commander of the armed forces, to permit the resumption of airstrikes against militants in eastern Aleppo, Gen Sergei Rudskoi, the chief of the main department for operations at the General Staff of the Armed Forces said on Oct. 28. 
"Since civilians continue dying and the militants have resumed active combat actions against government forces, we've asked the Supreme Commander to authorize resumption of airstrikes on illegal paramilitary formations in eastern Aleppo," he said. 
Rudskoi noted that Russian fighter planes in Syria have steered clear of the 10-kilometer zone around Aleppo for a 10th successive day. 
"All flights by Russian and Syrian warplanes inside the 10-kilometer zone around the city have remained paused for a 10 day running, although the situation around Aleppo remains complicated," he said.

