ARTICLE

40 Views October 26, 2016 GOLD , KWN King World News 
Here is a look at Jeff Gundlach's warning and danger for key global markets. 
Here is a portion of what Peter Boockvar wrote today as the world awaits the next round of monetary madness: Yes, markets globally are trading lower after the Apple numbers but we are also seeing another rise in interest rates, especially in Europe. It's another day of both bonds and stocks trading lower which makes perfect sense as its contra to the last 7 years where bonds and stocks rallied together (and the same trend from 1981 to 2000)…   company Doug Casey, Rick Rule and Sprott Asset Management are pounding the table on that already has a staggering 18.1 million ounces of gold that just added another massive deposit and is quickly being recognized as one of the greatest gold opportunities   
We can continue to analyze earnings and the economic fundamentals every which way to try to figure out where stocks go but let's be honest, it's all about where rates go in the monetary world we live in. The German 10 yr bund is up 5 bps to .08% which would be a closing 4 month high. The 10 yr Gilt yield is breaking out by 6 bps to 1.15%, the highest since the day of the UK vote. The French 10 yr yield is up by 5 bps and the Italian 10 yr yield is higher by 6 bps to also a 4 month high. I can't blame bond weakness in Asia as yields there were little changed. The US 10 yr is getting dragged up to 1.77-1.78%, testing yesterday's intraday high. The US 2 yr yield is up by 1.5 bps to .87%, the highest since early June on the heels of the weak 2 yr note auction yesterday. 
I'll reiterate the factors in our bearish case for bonds: 
1) In a bond world dominated by central banks, damaged bank profitability in Japan and Europe has the BoJ and ECB acknowledging their monetary limits with NIRP and curve flattening. 
2) The BoJ and ECB are also running out of bonds to buy. 
3) Starving pension funds, savers and insurance companies of yield is gaining fodder for political pushback against central bankers, especially from politicians in Europe including in the UK. 
4) Mark Carney and Janet Yellen admit that they're willing to tolerate higher inflation at the same time inflation stats are moving higher. 
5) With core inflation sticky due to gains in services, commodity prices ending their 5 yr bear market (I believe) will continue to shift headline inflation higher in coming months and quarters. CRB raw industrials index is just shy of a 16 month high and energy prices are all up y/o/y. 
6) Atlanta Fed wage growth tracker is at its highest level since January '09. 
7) Foreigners are aggressive net sellers of US notes and bonds, $180b year to date. 
8) Even without fiscal stimulus, the US budget deficit is expected to gap higher in coming years. Also of importance… 
And here is a portion of today's note from Art Cashin: Overnight And Overseas  - In Asia, markets were a bit mixed. Japan was up a smidge, but Hong Kong and India got dinged smartly. Shanghai saw more moderate losses. 
In Europe, stocks are generally lower as crude continues to trade below $50 and Apple is getting beat up a bit after their earnings report. 
In other assets, the euro rallied a bit against the dollar. Crude trades near $49.25 and gold is down a shade. 
Consensus  - The Apple fallout weighs on the equity futures. Crude will be followed closely and could have a big influence if it breaks below $49. If equity selling turns intense, traders will watch the S&P 2130 level. A close below that would trigger the Gundlach warning. 
Stay wary, alert and very, very nimble. 
  A Big Picture Look At Gold, Silver And The U.S. Dollar  

ARTICLE

16 Views October 27, 2016 GOLD , KWN King World News 
As we approach the end of October in what has been a tough environment in the gold and silver markets, today a legend in the business sent King World News a powerful piece about the big picture and what will translate into a $100 spike in gold overnight. 
Gold's Surge To $1,600 By John Ing, M aison Placements October 27 ( King World News )  - For almost two decades, these institutions manipulated rates for their own benefit. Is this the latest hedge fund rigging scandal? No, it's the world's leading central banks, including the Bank of Japan (BOJ) manipulating interest rates, after rounds and rounds of large scale quantitative easing (QE) that saw them buy up almost half of the Japanese ETFs. Yet despite manipulating the yield curve and creating money to buy assets like government debt and ETFs, there is growing concern they've reached their limit… IMPORTANT: To find out which high-grade silver mining company billionaire Eric Sprott just purchased a nearly 20% stake in and learn why he believes this is one of the most exciting silver stories in the world  - CLICK HERE OR BELOW: Sponsored 
In amassing securities through quantitative easing programs, the central banks of Japan, US and UK balance sheets make up 40 percent of global GDP. Just as King Canute could not control the seas, setting interest rates underscores the central banks' limitation. Now their ultra-low policies and even their existence are under attack. QE infinity has ended. 
Even so, Japan had not one, but two lost decades and the unconventional policies have yet to revive their economy or inflation. Investors are increasingly skeptical over Japan's multiple forms of easing and rather than go down, the yen gained 20 percent. Having exhausted other policy options, the BOJ promised to keep ten-year government bond yields at zero. The Japanese were among the first to introduce quantitative easing with huge increases in bond purchases by its post office. 
For a time, this worked yet somehow, the two percent inflation target was missed. So each time, a new inflation target was created and subsequently, negative rates was tried and each time, the Japanese government bought more paper the yield curve became flatter with bonds yielding much the same regardless of maturity or creditworthiness. Money became not only too abundant, but worthless. Consumer spending has fallen and despite the largesse, the economy remains in a funk. Investors too became accustomed to this printing policy and 'gamed' the money flows generated by central bank policy. As a consequence, Japanese government debt has increased to a whopping 248 percent of gross domestic product and today, the Bank of Japan is among the biggest debtors in the world. 
Central Banks, Trust Me Central banks in Europe and the United States also followed Japan's path. The Bank of England cut its rate to 0.25 percent, the lowest in its 300 year history and after Brexit, sterling has lost 17 percent of its value. By targeting rates instead of base money, central banks have printed trillions of liquidity that have yet to boost growth or even prices, leaving their credibility in question. Government deficits have become chronic and nowhere are the bail-out provisions prevalent in the private sector. Venezuela might be one of the early casualties. 
Today, almost a third of global government debt now yields negative rates. Markets have been skewed by our central banks' heavy intervention. Savers have been accumulating assets for centuries but now are penalized because of their governments' overreliance on zero or negative rates. The evidence is mounting that the pension liabilities of both the private and government have exploded because it costs more to fund future promises. By squeezing credit, the business models of banks, pension and insurance companies are put at risk, as is their lending. 
In principle these institutions are obligated to pay back cash sometime in the future. This promise to pay is often backed by debt securities but when the promise to payback is less than borrowed, the model becomes unsustainable. Central banks' balance sheets hold up to a third of their own government bonds. Canada's fifth largest bank, National Bank recently borrowed about €750 million ($1.1 billion) with a 0.00% coupon at 99.72, yielding to maturity 0.04% over 7 years. That investors are willing to accept this return is mind boggling reflecting the artificial topsy turvy environment created by the central banks. Recently the Italian government sold bonds yielding a paltry 2.8 percent implying a negative return to buyers for the next half century. 
Who would buy these? Why, the central banks of course. 
Dueling Regulators Desperate for revenues, a new twist has emerged. The one percenters are under attack. Governments are anti-business. The United States government has closed or forced the closure of multiple tax havens, loopholes and are now pursuing global players outside its borders. The truth is that governments, led by the United States face a chronic debt problem. The European Union has taken this quest for revenues, one step further as the Commission ruled that Apple owes a whopping €14.5 billion in back taxes because they believe that Ireland's 12 1⁄2 percent tax rate is too low and against European guidelines. 
McDonald's too faces $500 million payment in back taxes. That the Commission does not have jurisdiction will likely be tested by the courts but this 'tit for tat' move nonetheless come at a time when Brexit supporters criticized EU's overreaching interventionist moves. Other countries, concerned that this super tax grab is a desperate move for revenues are also concerned because it violates their sovereignty and are looking at alternatives. The EU's political capital is being eroded, threatening its very existence already buffeted by Brexit concerns. Belgium dysfunctionality (Wallonia) and the Italian referendum. 
To be sure the Apple judgment creates new uncertainties since Washington itself has been usurped by Brussels' overreach and at a minimum, the interventionist regulator has changed the financial landscape significantly over the next few years. Importantly, while this will likely be fought in the courts for years, the tax grab drew attention to America's dysfunctional tax system and the need for reform. Mr. Trump has already suggested a much reduced tax rate in order to repatriate those funds. Nonetheless whether you are an Apple or Deutsche Bank shareholder, business is under siege. 
There is a growing political backlash against the eight years of unorthodox monetary policies that were seen to benefit debtors at the expense of savers, causing the banking sector to suffer slow growth, ultra-low rates and a deeper malaise. With their banking industry's profits flatlined, German and Italian regulators have balked at the recent Basel Committee on Banking Supervision's proposed bank capital rule overhaul. Greece's problems are now overshadowed by Italy's heavily indebted banks raising concerns that the EU's sick banking system is beginning to unravel. Ironically it was the Germans who pushed the EU to prohibit states from 'bailing out' their banks, forcing 'bail in' provisions foisting the liabilities onto depositors. 
While Greece's problems were kicked down the road, Germany's flagship Deutsche Bank's capital problems erupted on capital concerns following a threatened $14 billion fine. Eight years ago Lehman Brothers failed because panicky investors pulled money out. Today, hedge funds are panicky after the US Justice Department sought a $14 billion fine whose capital is less than $70 billion against almost $2 trillion of assets. This fine, could easily trigger a systemic financial collapse. However, since Merkel's German government faces an election next year, she has so far refused to use state funds to bail-out Germany's only global bank. Of course, Deutsche Bank's travails is not a Lehman moment, nor a Herstatt failure, but can history repeat itself? Deja vu. 
Central banks became the main actors because their governments evaded their fiscal responsibilities leaving their central banks to rely on unprecedented policies to keep their economies afloat. In rigging or artificially creating markets they produced major distortions or bubbles, with a growing chorus of critics condemning the move. UK Prime Minister, Theresa May has even criticized her own Bank of England's moves. She said '…we have to acknowledge there have been some bad side effects. People with assets got richer, People without them have suffered. People with mortgages have found their debt cheaper. People with savings have found themselves poorer. A change has to come.' 
Electile Dysfunction After adding $1.4 trillion to the national debt, President Obama will leave his predecessor a gross national debt of $20 trillion or an increase of 100 percent when he assumed office, setting up deficits and debt to soar even after he leaves office. A key plank of Mr. Obama's Affordable Care Act (ACH) was the introduction of government run insurance exchanges. But given that many companies lost money on these exchanges, many have withdrawn since their only option was to raise premiums or depart. Three-years later, the number of people without health insurance has shrunk from 16 percent to 9 percent and not surprisingly, the inflation in healthcare spending increased. Moreover with almost 80 percent of Americans on the exchanges currently subsidized, healthcare spending is 25 percent higher than before the recession began in 2007. 
According to the Aurum Institute, a health research group, US medical costs jumped one percent in August, the sharpest one month gain in 32 years. The rising tide of costs has caused healthcare spending to reach 18.2 percent of GDP up from 13.3 percent. Significantly middle-class families are spending about 25 percent on healthcare in contrast to other expenditures such as transportation, housing etc. Demographics are part of the reason and while the introduction of ObamaCare was to broaden public assistance, it came at the expense of so many. Of concern is that to defray the cost, people are opting for higher deductibles. However, soaring drug prices are eating into these deductibles increasing the overall costs ($10,000 for an acne cream?). Rising costs are part of the public frustration and for that neither Clinton nor Trump have introduced a cure. 
Sex, Lies and Politics The third of three debates was held in the presidential race for the White House. Too bad there must be a winner. Mrs. Clinton is the second most disliked American candidate in history, after the first, Donald Trump. At this time, Hillary Clinton has a lead in the polls and the Street's consensus is that she will win. However, we believe just as Brexit showed that the smart money looked pretty dumb in not expecting a Brexit, so does the Street consensus that Clinton will win. As happened in Britain, too many have underestimated the depth of populist discontent and frustration that fuels a Brexit, or a Bernie Sanders and of course, a Mr. Trump. This deep alienation has allowed Trump to win his party's nomination and he could surprise. After all, this election is Mrs. Clinton's to lose and the baggage she carries may well cause that loss. 
To be sure, a Trump win would shock the mainstream media, Hilary Clinton, Wall Street's establishment, and even his own party. However, Mr. Trump would be an agent of change. Trade, climate change, the global order, Middle East and China, all would undergo transformation. America's military spending would increase as well as its deficits. In making America great, the world nor its financial markets are not ready for this. 
Gold, A Hedge Against Capriciousness Meantime, the Fed is in a quandary, and in failing to follow through on any rate increases has lost credibility with every false threat. Despite threatening, the Fed has yet to take away the punch bowl but instead keeps on filling it with more and more potent liquidity. It seems any addition to the punch bowl just boosts asset prices encouraging consumption, share buybacks, or debt placements with no increase in investment. Cheap money boosted valuations, giving rise to leverage such that there is an artificial illusion that markets are liquid. 
The Fed and its colleagues have become creators of money, debasing money, rather than stewards of our money. Our liquid markets are actually illiquid. No wonder the concern. Central bankers simply became their politician's handmaidens or enablers damaging confidence in the financial system. What damages trust in our central bankers, damages the world. Investors are left wondering whom they could trust. Today pensioners, savers, pension funds and banks are damaged by the central banks' policies. Gold has risen lately. We expect a major realignment between gold and the dollar. Gold remains an alternative investment and hedge which will cause it, in our opinion, to continue to outperform stock markets, as it has for the past 10 months. 
Sterling's plunge in the wake of Brexit is of concern. Suppose an investor decided to clear out of the United Kingdom and bought gold. Such a person would now have a gold holding worth 43 percent more year to date. There are two ways of describing this movement of the price of gold. One can say gold has risen in terms of sterling or one can equally say that sterling has fallen 43 percent in terms of gold. Gold is a hedge against paper currencies. 
In the 42 years since the collapse of Bretton Woods, the postwar monetary system has been anchored to the US dollar. In 1971, President Nixon took the dollar off the gold standard to end a currency war that would have destroyed the US dollar. Today, as a result of the creation of trillions of liquidity, a new currency war has emerged. Again paper currencies are collapsing in a stealth currency war testing the dollar, an artifact of the fiat currency world of four decades ago. Today's floating currency system is being crushed by the weight of our central bankers' liquidity. Once a creditor, Saudi Arabia needs funding with a fiscal deficit at 13.5 percent of GDP this year. However, Congress' move to veto 9/11 sovereign immunity risks backfiring. A Saudi threat to unload billions of dollars in US assets may be empty but this violation of extraterritorial enforcement of US laws is chipping away at America's hegemony. The supply of dollars is backed by the 'good faith' in the United States, and we are awash in dollars. Should that good faith be tested, as it has twice before, there is only one direction in value, down. 
Then there are the creditors that have subsidized or financed America's hegemony. Debt was monetized. A train crash is unfolding slowly. Complacency is too common. One can detect the decline of confidence in every part of the world. America's rising debt, dysfunctional governance, looming election and political gridlock have prompted concern of a looming dollar decline. In the wake of the global financial crisis eight years ago, overseas investors financed much of America's debt in the aftermath of the financial crisis. However, tellingly this year, China, Japan and Russia have reduced their Treasuries stakes for three quarters in a row. Any further reduction could push up rates, whether Yellen moves in December or not. 
Golden Outlook Meanwhile, China and Russia have been building gold reserves because of their reluctance on keeping their reserve holdings largely in dollars. For them, the metal is a hedge against the Fed. According to the Seven Ages of Gold authored by OMFIF, between 1870 and 1970, central banks accumulated the yellow metal and took a four-decade hiatus experimenting with paper currencies. However, since 2008, central banks have added more than 2,800 tonnes, noting that in the past, each accumulation period lasted thirty years. Gold's bull market then still has legs. Unlike the history of paper money, it has long term stability. 
One of the reasons is that China has been buying gold, increasing its gold reserves from 300 tonnes in 2003 to 1,833 tonnes making it the fifth largest holder in the world. Although the holding is only 2.3 percent of total Chinese international reserves, China has purchased gold every month and today some fifteen Chinese banks hold on their books almost 3,200 tonnes or one year's world's mining production for their clients, no doubt including the PBOC. Instead of holding US Treasuries, China's gold purchases move away from the dollar-centric system, requiring fewer dollars. China successfully has pushed to make the renminbi a reserve currency when the renminbi was added to the four currency basket backing the IMF's Special Drawing Rights (SDR). China has also loosened capital restrictions setting up Shanghai and Shenzhen Connect links to outside investors. As part of the internationalization of the renminbi, there are now multiple currency hubs, a gold fix denominated in renminbi and the Shanghai Gold Exchange (SGE) has become the largest physical market in the world. 
The $100 Overnight Gold Spike Mr. Trump blames the Fed for creating a 'false stock market', believing that the low interest rate policies engineered by the Fed has not revived real growth but instead created a 'false economy' which could lead to the next global meltdown. He is right, this time. America's position as the world's largest debtor is its Achilles' heel and despite flexing its financial hegemonic powers, America must rely on others to finance its deficits. America's overwhelming national debt has already reached a peacetime record at levels where other countries have spiraled into default. Twice America has lost its sovereignty to creditors and today it depends again upon foreign investors such as China, Russia and Saudis. Whether Trump likes it or not, America's greatness is already in the pawnshop. Ironically, our view is that a Trump presidency would likely spark a massive run on the greenback in a reversal of the biggest carry trade on earth caused by those fund managers who borrowed big time to juice their investment returns in a world of low yields. We believe a Trump victory would likely translate into a $100 per ounce spike overnight. Gold will be a good thing to have. 
Conclusion Despite the recent correction, gold is up almost 18 percent since yearend reflecting negative interest rates, concerns about the global economy, growing geopolitical tensions, Brexit and of course the American election uncertainties. We also believe gold's underpinning is supported by the central banks' massive money printing exercise. And gold shares continue to outperform bullion in part due to margin improvements, takeover speculation and organic growth prospects. 
  ALERT: Soros Associate Warns Fed May Use Friday's GDP Release To Smash Gold  

ARTICLE

100 Views October 27, 2016 GOLD , KWN , KWN II King World News 
As investors await tomorrow's GDP release in the United States, a former associate of George Soros warned King World News that the Fed may use tomorrow's GDP release to smash gold . 
Victor Sperandeo manages over $3 billion, has been in the business 45 years, and has worked with famous individuals such as Leon Cooperman and George Soros. Below is what Sperandeo had to say . 
Victor Sperandeo: 'KWN readers need to be cautious about the gold market heading into tomorrow because the U.S. government is going to release a politically influenced GDP number that implies very strong growth… IMPORTANT: To hear which legend just spoke with KWN about $8,000 gold and the coming mania in the gold, silver, and mining shares markets CLICK HERE OR ON THE IMAGE BELOW. 
If the GDP number comes in well above 2 percent growth, that would be used (by the Fed) to attack the gold market. I expect a number of around 2.6 percent for GDP. This would create a rally in the dollar and additional downside pressure in the gold market. 
If The Fed Smashes Gold Friday, Buy The Dip For what it's worth, if gold gets hit tomorrow I would be a buyer because I think that will represent the correction low in the secular move higher. The Fed is not going to raise rates and so reality will set in and gold should strengthen for the remainder of the year and into next.' 
King World News note: For those of you who look to accumulate physical gold and silver on dips, if Victor is correct, tomorrow may represent a very good buying opportunity to add to your physical holdings. 
  Look At This Remarkable Chart As The Public Dumps Stocks!  

ARTICLE

With continued uncertainty in global markets, the public is dumping stocks as we just witnessed the 5th largest outflow from domestic stocks funds in the last 10 years! 
Public Dumping Stocks From Jason Goepfert at SentimenTrader: ' U.S. equity funds got punched again. There was a huge outflow from domestic funds that focus on stocks, the 5th-largest since 2007. Total fund assets have grown over that time, but even if we express the outflow as a % of total assets, it was large. There is a temptation to automatically consider such an outflow to be a contrary indicator (and bullish for stocks) but the history of other large weekly outflows has been mixed… IMPORTANT: To find out which company the richest man in China has invested in, one that Rick Rule and Sprott Asset Management are pounding the table on that is quickly being recognized as one of the greatest investment opportunities in the world  - CLICK HERE OR BELOW: Sponsored 
Huge outflow from mutual funds…again Weekly outflow the largest in years, but not as extreme as % of assets, and not necessarily a good contrary indicator 
A popular topic on Wednesday was a shockingly large outflow from equity funds in the latest reporting period by the Investment Company Institute. The association estimated that U.S.-based mutual funds lost $16.3 billion in the week ended October 19. That's the fifth-largest weekly outflow in nearly 10 years (see stunning chart below). 
… There is a strong tendency to be a knee-jerk contrarian, see that headline number of a $16 billion outflow, and automatically conclude that investors have panicked and it's time to buy stocks. 
An immediate concern for the knee-jerk conclusion is that the last time we saw such a large outflow as in November 2015, immediately leading to a large correction in the market. Since 2011, the six occurrences led to a positive return a month later only two times, despite the persistent uptrend in stocks. Large outflows during the 2008 bear market proved to be terrible contrary indicators as well.' 
  Jeff Gundlach's Warning And Danger For Key Global Markets  

ARTICLE

60   King World News 
In the coming financial wipeout, this will figure prominently, and not in a good way. 
By Bill Fleckenstein President Of Fleckenstein Capital October 27 ( King World News )  - Overnight bond markets were quite weak again and it is looking more and more like the bond blowoff that began last summer now clearly has ended (30-year Treasury yields having risen from 2.1% to 2.6%) — and perhaps the 35-year bond bull market along with it. (If so, it will be the top of a lifetime, and I will discuss it more prospectively as it starts to play out.)… IMPORTANT: To find out which company Doug Casey, Rick Rule and Sprott Asset Management are pounding the table on that already has a staggering 18.1 million ounces of gold that just added another massive deposit and is quickly being recognized as one of the greatest gold opportunities in the world  - CLICK HERE OR BELOW: Sponsored 
There is no way to know that for sure without more time passing, so it will be very instructive to see how bonds respond to stock market weakness when we finally get some. 
What Could Go Right? The size of the changes, while not absolutely large, have been quite dramatic given the nonexistent coupons. However, thus far that development has been completely ignored by equity markets the world over. Apparently, folks who have deserted the bond market because of no yield somehow seem to think their foray into stocks — which may have been viewed as yield alternatives at the margin — won't be impacted by declining bond prices. Which means that they are liable to be in for a very rude and large surprise…eventually, whenever it matters. 
That angst, though, certainly wasn't a feature of the early going today, as our market celebrated a variety of 'wins' at beat-the-number in technology and the absolutely mindboggling takeover by Qualcomm of NXPI, whereby Qualcomm intends to add about $40 billion of debt onto a market cap of $100 billion. When the economic realities of all these policies that have been pursued eventually start to matter the chip sector, given all the debt that has been piled on, it is going to be a veritable financial black hole, but that is getting ahead of ourselves. 
Tesla Says, 'Just Charge It' Naturally, fun and games were rewarded, as Tesla spiked after supposedly reporting 'strong' cash flow, although it closed just slightly higher. A friend who is involved pointed out that nowhere in the press release was it disclosed that the company's accounts payable exploded by $692 billion (although it was in the SEC filings), thereby creating the apparent improvement in cash flow. 
Out of Sight, Out of Mine However, winning at beat-the-number was not good enough for the miners, as for the most part they reported good results but went largely unrewarded. Both Agnico Eagle and Barrick reported strong results and continued improvement. Goldcorp was kind of 'in line,' as its quarter was on the sluggish side, but that was pretty well known in advance and it looks like its operations are set to accelerate. The big clunker once again was Newmont, which is about par for the course for that company. Nevertheless, as noted, not being 'normal' stocks, the results of the miners were ignored because the mood of the day is once again apathy toward mining and metals. 
In the afternoon the indices slid a bit, led by the Nasdaq, which lost 0.6% while the Dow/S&P held up better. Away from stocks, green paper was higher, fixed income was hit pretty hard, with the long end especially weak. Oil rallied 1% and the metals were flattish. Included below are three questions and answers from the Q&A's with Bill Fleckenstein. Bonus Q&A Question: A friend of mine came into some money(not a lot but a lot for her),and knowing I used to trade full time asked me if I could give her any investment ideas. Sadly thanks to the FED all I could say is that there are no investments,only speculation(gold volatility is not for her). In a normal time I would have told her if she didn't need the money now buy a 1 year CD and pick up a little extra interest with no risk to principal-but what's the point now,since it would pay nothing. All I could say is leave it in the bank and if something changes and there is an opportunity,I'll tell her. The FED damage continues…. Answer from Fleck: ' That will continue to be the case until the bond market finally breaks. And maybe, just maybe, that process has begun.' Question: Hi Fleck  - Hope all is well. I recently came across this article that is an excellent read and wanted to share with the community on Blackrock's Alladin risk management platform. Excerpt: 'But 'Aladdin', the risk-management platform that occupies all those computers in the orchards, is not just used to look after BlackRock's $4 trillion. The firm makes its facilities available in whole or in part to managers looking after $11 trillion more, a tally that has recently been growing by about $1 trillion a year. All told, Aladdin keeps its eyes on almost 7% of the world's $225 trillion of financial assets. This is unprecedented—and it means flaws in the system could matter to more than just BlackRock, its investors and its customers. If that much money is being managed by people who all think with the same tools, it may be managed by people all predisposed to the same mistakes.' The monolith and the markets IMO, technology is the Achilles' heel of the financial system now as well as human psychology via greed and fear. One day the rubber band will stretch the other way …. and that time it will be an unprecedented reversion to the mean event. Answer from Fleck: ' In the next wipeout, computers will likely figure prominently, and not in a good way. 🙂 Question: Fleck: GLD and SLV dance along or just above their 200 DMA while, for the most part, miners stuck in ugly downtrend channel bumping their heads their and/or at 50DMA and getting concussed back into their channels. Would you buy any more miners if they broke up and out of this downtrend in meaningful way (e.g., high volume) along with some follow-through? Sounds like you have full position in miners but would you get fuller? Regards Answer from Fleck: ' If I saw the exact right setup, I'd probably add some exposure for a trade. 'Concussed?' Geez, you take the price action kind of personally, I think.' *** To subscribe to Bill Fleckenstein's fascinating Daily Thoughts CLICK HERE. 
***ALSO RELEASED: Legend Says This Will Translate Into A $100 Spike Overnight In Gold CLICK HERE. 
©  

ARTICLE

After yesterday correcting predicting that the GDP number would beat estimates and telling KWN readers to buy the initial dip in gold because it would mark a low for the correction, here is what a former associate of George Soros told King World News today . 
Victor Sperandeo manages over $3 billion, has been in the business 45 years, and has worked with famous individuals such as Leon Cooperman and George Soros. Below is what Sperandeo had to say . 
Victor Sperandeo: 'The GDP number came in at 2.9 percent, and after an initial dip, gold is acting terrific. If you look at gold and silver, they should be trading down and yet they are trading higher. This is very strong action in the gold market technically and this setup is very bullish. Gold is now set up to trade above $1,400 and then above $2,000. 
And if you look at interest rates, they are rising all over the world and the stock market has topped. And in Europe, people are switching from the Swedish krona to the Norwegian krone. This action in the currency markets is a further indication that the EU is in trouble. Norway is not part of the EU, even though they have trade pacts with them. The reality, Eric, is that people are fleeing the EU into countries not affiliated with the EU. This is another point where gold wins because if the EU collapses, then the world goes into a depression.' 
***ALSO RELEASED: In The Coming Financial Wipeout, This Will Figure In A Prominently, And Not In A Good Way  

ARTICLE

45 Views October 28, 2016 GOLD , KWN King World News 
Today former U.S. Treasury Secretary, Dr. Paul Craig Roberts, warned about the Matrix of lies and exposed what the elite are about to do. 
(King World News) Dr. Paul Craig Roberts: I am now convinced that the Oligarchy that rules America intends to steal the presidential election. In the past, the oligarchs have not cared which candidate won as the oligarchs owned both. But they do not own Trump… IMPORTANT: To find out which company the richest man in China has invested in, one that Rick Rule and Sprott Asset Management are pounding the table on that is quickly being recognized as one of the greatest investment opportunities in the world  - CLICK HERE OR BELOW: Sponsored 
Most likely you are unaware of what Trump is telling people as the media does not report it. A person who speaks like this: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EYozWHBIf8g&app=desktop is not endeared to the oligarchs. 
Who are the oligarchs? 
—Wall Street and the mega-banks too big to fail and their agent the Federal Reserve, a federal agency that put 5 banks ahead of millions of troubled American homeowners who the federal reserve allowed to be flushed down the toilet. In order to save the mega-banks' balance sheets from their irresponsible behavior, the Fed has denied retirees any interest income on their savings for eight years, forcing the elderly to draw down their savings, leaving their heirs, who have been displaced from employment by corporate jobs offshoring, penniless. 
—The military/security complex which has spent trillions of our taxpayer dollars on 15 years of gratuitous wars based entirely on lies in order to enrich themselves and their power. 
—The neoconservartives whose crazed ideology of US world hegemony thrusts the American people into military conflict with Russia and China. 
—The US global corporations that sent American jobs to China and India and elsewhere in order to enrich the One Percent with higher profits from lower labor costs. 
—Agribusiness (Monsanto et.al.), corporations that poison the soil, the water, the oceans, and our food with their GMOs, herbicides, pesticides, and chemical fertilizers, while killing the bees that pollinate the crops. 
—The extractive industries—energy, mining, fracking, and timber—that maximize their profits by destroying the environment and the water supply. 
—The Israel Lobby that controls US Middle East policy and is committing genocide against the Palestinians just as the US committed genocide against native Americans. Israel is using the US to eliminate sovereign countries that stand in Israell's way. 
What convinces me that the Oligarchy intends to steal the election is the vast difference between the presstitutes' reporting and the facts on the ground. 
According to the presstitutes, Hillary is so far ahead that there is no point in Trump supporters bothering to vote. Hillary has won the election before the vote. Hillary has been declared a 93% sure winner. 
I am yet to see one Hillary yard sign, but Trump signs are everywhere. Reports I receive are that Hillary's public appearances are unattended but Trumps are so heavily attended that people have to be turned away. This is a report from a woman in Florida: 'Trump has pulled huge numbers all over FL while campaigning here this week. I only see Trump signs and stickers in my wide travels. I dined at a Mexican restaurant last night. Two women my age sitting behind me were talking about how they had tried to see Trump when he came to Tallahassee. They left work early, arriving at the venue at 4:00 for a 6:00 rally. The place was already over capacity so they were turned away. It turned out that there were so many people there by 2:00 that the doors had to be opened to them. The women said that the crowds present were a mix of races and ages.' 
I know the person who gave me this report and have no doubt whatsoever as to its veracity. 
I also receive from readers similar reports from around the country. 
This is how the theft of the election is supposed to work: The media concentrated in a few corporate hands has gone all out to convince not only Americans but also the world, that Donald Trump is such an unacceptable candidate that he has lost the election before the vote. 
By controlling the explanation, when the election is stolen those who challenge the stolen election are without a foundation in the media. All media reports will say that it was a run away victory for Hillary over the misogynist immigrant-hating Trump. 
And liberal, progressive opinion will be relieved and off guard as Hillary takes us into nuclear war. 
That the Oligarchy intends to steal the election from the American people is verified by the officially reported behavior of the voting machines in early voting in Texas. The NPR presstitutes have declared that Hillary is such a favorite that even Republican Texas is up for grabs in the election. 
If this is the case, why was it necessary for the voting machines to be programmed to change Trump votes to Hillary votes? Those voters who noted that they voted Trump but were recorded Hillary complained. The election officials, claiming a glitch (which only went one way), changed to paper ballots. But who will count them? No 'glitches' caused Hillary votes to go to Trump, only Trump votes to go to Hillary. 
The Matrix Of Lies  - America's False Reality The most brilliant movie of our time was The Matrix. This movie captured the life of Americans manipulated by a false reality, only in the real America there is insufficient awareness and no Neo, except possibly Donald Trump, to challenge the system. All of my life I have been trying to get Americans of all stripes—academics, scholars, journalists, Republicans, Democrats, right-wing, left-wing, US Representatives, US Senators, Presidents, corporate moguls and brainwashed Americans and foreigners—out of the false reality in which they exist. 
In the United States today a critical presidential election is in process in which not a single important issue is addressed by Hillary and the presstitutes. This is total failure. Democracy, once the hope of the world, has totally failed in the United States of America. Trump is correct. The American people must restore the accountability of government to the people. 
***ALSO RELEASED: After Correctly Predicting GDP Would Beat Estimates, Former Soros Associate Now Says Gold Headed Above $2,000 CLICK HERE. 
© 2015 by King World News®. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. However, linking directly to the articles is permitted and encouraged. About author

ARTICLE

97924 Views October 29, 2016 KWN PLUS , TRENDING King World News FOR DIRECTIONS ON HOW TO PLAY OR DOWNLOAD AUDIOS: CLICK HERE Rick Rule: Chairman / Founder of Sprott US Holdings & President of   USA; Portfolio Manager  - Rick is known as one of the most 'street-smart' people in the natural resource sector and gold world with nearly 40 years of experience.   USA Inc. manages over a billion and through acquisition is now part of the $7 billion   LP.   USA Inc. provides investment advice and brokerage services to high net worth individuals, institutional investors and corporate entities worldwide. Rick and his team are also successfully involved in agriculture, alternative energy, conventional energy, forestry, infrastructure, mining and water resources investing on a world wide basis. Rick Rule: Chairman / Founder of Sprott US Holdings & President of   USA; Portfolio Manager  - Mr. Rule has dedicated his entire adult life to many aspects of natural resource securities investing. In addition to the knowledge and experience gained in a long, successful and focused career, he has a worldwide network of contacts in the natural resource and finance worlds. As Chairman of Sprott US Holdings, Mr. Rule leads a highly skilled team of earth science and finance professionals who enjoy a worldwide reputation for resource investment management. Mr. Rule and his team have long experience in many resource sectors including agriculture, alternative energy, forestry, oil and gas, mining and water. Mr. Rule is particularly active in private placement markets, having originated and participated in hundreds of debt and equity transactions with private, pre-public and public companies.   USA Inc  - ('Sprott USA') is an SEC Registered Investment Adviser firm that is a member of the Sprott Group of Companies ('Sprott Group'). The Sprott Group offers a collection of investment managers united by one common goal: delivering excellent long-term returns to our investors. Our investment team pursues a deeper level of knowledge and understanding which allows it to develop macroeconomic, sector and company insights. With decades of combined experience, our investment professionals will provide you with service that cannot be found in many investment management companies. Our portfolio managers have experience in the technical side of the business, so we feel that our investment advisory service is invaluable to our clients. We know that you have other obligations and priorities in your life, so let us use our experience and sector knowledge to your advantage. Please CLICK HERE for Sprott's free report on Energy and Metals investing, and to receive Sprott's free e-newsletter, Sprott's Thoughts. Natural Resource Managed Account Investing RESOURCE-FOC - USED WEALTH MANAGEMENT   USA Inc.  - ('Sprott USA') is an SEC Registered Investment Adviser firm that is a member of the Sprott Group of Companies ('Sprott Group'). The Sprott Group offers a collection of investment managers united by one common goal: delivering long-term returns to our investors. Sprott USA offers a Managed Account program for investors looking for distinctive and personalized resource portfolio management.   LP  - ('SAM') is a Toronto-based alternative asset manager that offers a wide variety of investment solutions to Canadian and international investors. Our product offerings include mutual funds, alternative strategies, physical bullion trusts and tax-efficient funds. With a history dating back to 1981, our team of investment professionals is united by one common goal: delivering outstanding long-term returns to our clients and investors. To achieve that end, we have assembled a group of best-in-class portfolio managers, market strategists, technical experts and analysts that is widely-recognized for its investment expertise and unique investment approach. We are committed to conducting deep fundamental research to develop unique macroeconomic insights. About author

ARTICLE

97925 Views October 29, 2016 BROADCAST King World News FOR DIRECTIONS ON HOW TO PLAY OR DOWNLOAD AUDIOS: CLICK HERE Rick Rule: Chairman / Founder of Sprott US Holdings & President of   USA; Portfolio Manager  - Rick is known as one of the most 'street-smart' people in the natural resource sector and gold world with nearly 40 years of experience.   USA Inc. manages over a billion and through acquisition is now part of the $7 billion   LP.   USA Inc. provides investment advice and brokerage services to high net worth individuals, institutional investors and corporate entities worldwide. Rick and his team are also successfully involved in agriculture, alternative energy, conventional energy, forestry, infrastructure, mining and water resources investing on a world wide basis. Rick Rule: Chairman / Founder of Sprott US Holdings & President of   USA; Portfolio Manager  - Mr. Rule has dedicated his entire adult life to many aspects of natural resource securities investing. In addition to the knowledge and experience gained in a long, successful and focused career, he has a worldwide network of contacts in the natural resource and finance worlds. As Chairman of Sprott US Holdings, Mr. Rule leads a highly skilled team of earth science and finance professionals who enjoy a worldwide reputation for resource investment management. Mr. Rule and his team have long experience in many resource sectors including agriculture, alternative energy, forestry, oil and gas, mining and water. Mr. Rule is particularly active in private placement markets, having originated and participated in hundreds of debt and equity transactions with private, pre-public and public companies.   USA Inc  - ('Sprott USA') is an SEC Registered Investment Adviser firm that is a member of the Sprott Group of Companies ('Sprott Group'). The Sprott Group offers a collection of investment managers united by one common goal: delivering excellent long-term returns to our investors. Our investment team pursues a deeper level of knowledge and understanding which allows it to develop macroeconomic, sector and company insights. With decades of combined experience, our investment professionals will provide you with service that cannot be found in many investment management companies. Our portfolio managers have experience in the technical side of the business, so we feel that our investment advisory service is invaluable to our clients. We know that you have other obligations and priorities in your life, so let us use our experience and sector knowledge to your advantage. Please CLICK HERE for Sprott's free report on Energy and Metals investing, and to receive Sprott's free e-newsletter, Sprott's Thoughts. Natural Resource Managed Account Investing RESOURCE-FOC - USED WEALTH MANAGEMENT   USA Inc.  - ('Sprott USA') is an SEC Registered Investment Adviser firm that is a member of the Sprott Group of Companies ('Sprott Group'). The Sprott Group offers a collection of investment managers united by one common goal: delivering long-term returns to our investors. Sprott USA offers a Managed Account program for investors looking for distinctive and personalized resource portfolio management.   LP  - ('SAM') is a Toronto-based alternative asset manager that offers a wide variety of investment solutions to Canadian and international investors. Our product offerings include mutual funds, alternative strategies, physical bullion trusts and tax-efficient funds. With a history dating back to 1981, our team of investment professionals is united by one common goal: delivering outstanding long-term returns to our clients and investors. To achieve that end, we have assembled a group of best-in-class portfolio managers, market strategists, technical experts and analysts that is widely-recognized for its investment expertise and unique investment approach. We are committed to conducting deep fundamental research to develop unique macroeconomic insights. About author

ARTICLE

63   GOLD , KWN King World News 
Here is a timely update from the New Orleans Investment Conference . 
Eric King: 'Rick, I know you are at the New Orleans Investment Conference as we speak. For people around the world who were not able to attend this conference, give us an idea of what sentiment is like and what you are seeing there.' 
Rick Rule: 'To begin with, Eric, for 35 years this conference has been one of the most important conferences in the retail gold trade in the United States. So I would say the consequence of the move that we've had in gold and gold stocks over the last 12 months means that the conference is very buoyant generally. It is worthy to note, however that this conference has…To continue listening to Rick Rule's timely audio interview CLICK HERE OR ON THE IMAGE BELOW. 
***ALSO RELEASED: After Correctly Predicting GDP Would Beat Estimates, Former Soros Associate Now Says Gold Headed Above $2,000 CLICK HERE. 
© 2015 by King World News®. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. However, linking directly to the articles is permitted and encouraged. About author

ARTICLE

110913 Views October 30, 2016 KWN PLUS , TRENDING King World News FOR DIRECTIONS ON HOW TO PLAY OR DOWNLOAD AUDIOS: CLICK HERE Nomi Prins: Keynote speaker who just addressed the Federal Reserve, IMF and the World Bank  - Nomi is a renowned journalist, author and speaker. Her latest book, All the Presidents' Bankers, is a groundbreaking narrative about the relationships of presidents to key bankers over the past century and how they impacted domestic and foreign policy. She was also on a Federal Reserve Advisory Council . Nomi is on the advisory board of the whistle-blowing organization ExposeFacts, and a board member of the animal welfare and wildlife conservation group, Born Free USA. She has also appeared on numerous international and national media. Nomi Prins is a renowned journalist, author and speaker. Her latest book, All the Presidents' Bankers, is a groundbreaking narrative about the relationships of presidents to key bankers over the past century and how they impacted domestic and foreign policy. To buy Nomi Prins' new book ' All the Presidents' Bankers: The Hidden Alliances that Drive American Power ' CLICK HERE or ON THE BOOK Nomi Prins: Keynote speaker who just addressed the Federal Reserve, IMF and the World Bank  - Economic signals are everywhere, from magazine covers to grocery stores to military events. They reveal the story of the world economy. Central bankers have done their best to conjure forth inflation in the hopes that this will vanquish deflation but the risk is that our daily lives, and the sustainability of governments, will be affected by an ongoing battle between these two forces. There will be important consequences. Quantitative Easing is now catching people in a vice by pushing up their cost of living even as their income is still falling. This breaks the vital social contracts between citizens and their governments and sets in motion many seemingly unrelated outcomes: social unrest in emerging markets, the movement of manufacturing and jobs back to the US and the West, improvements to the value added of emerging market firms, higher food and energy prices. The rising price, but shrinking size, of a steak, a candy bar and an apartment not only cause pain at home, they also propel some nations to deploy their militaries to secure resources and protect their citizens from the ill effects of inflation and deflation alike. This is already resulting in military confrontations, incidents and near misses between American, Chinese and Russian planes, warships and submarines. The solution is growth and innovation. Luckily, anonymous individuals are balancing their hubris against the risk of failure and proceeding to build a more dynamic economy and the new social contracts that will exist tomorrow. The only question is whether governments are hostile or hospitable to these efforts. By being alert to the many signals around us anyone can better navigate through the turbulence to the treasures of the world economy instead of being continuously overwhelmed and surprised by it. 
All the Presidents' Bankers: The Hidden Alliances that Drive American Power  - Who rules America? 
All the Presidents' Bankers is a groundbreaking narrative of how an elite group of men transformed the American economy and government, dictated foreign and domestic policy, and shaped world history. 
Culled from original presidential archival documents, All the Presidents' Bankers delivers an explosive account of the hundred-year interdependence between the White House and Wall Street that transcends a simple analysis of money driving politics—or greed driving bankers. 
Prins ushers us into the intimate world of exclusive clubs, vacation spots, and Ivy League universities that binds presidents and financiers. She unravels the multi-generational blood, intermarriage, and protégé relationships that have confined national influence to a privileged cluster of people. These families and individuals recycle their power through elected office and private channels in Washington, DC. 
All the Presidents' Bankers sheds new light on pivotal historic events—such as why, after the Panic of 1907, America's dominant bankers convened to fashion the Federal Reserve System; how J. P. Morgan's ambitions motivated President Wilson during World War I; how Chase and National City Bank chairmen worked secretly with President Roosevelt to rescue capitalism during the Great Depression while J.P. Morgan Jr. invited Roosevelt's son yachting; and how American financiers collaborated with President Truman to construct the World Bank and IMF after World War II. 
Prins divulges how, through the Cold War and Vietnam era, presidents and bankers pushed America's superpower status and expansion abroad, while promoting broadly democratic values and social welfare at home. But from the 1970s, Wall Street's rush to secure Middle East oil profits altered the nature of political-financial alliances. Bankers' profit motive trumped heritage and allegiance to public service, while presidents lost control over the economy—as was dramatically evident in the financial crisis of 2008. 
This unprecedented history of American power illuminates how the same financiers retained their authoritative position through history, swaying presidents regardless of party affiliation. All the Presidents' Bankers explores the alarming global repercussions of a system lacking barriers between public office and private power. Prins leaves us with an ominous choice: either we break the alliances of the power elite, or they will break us. About author

ARTICLE

24 Views October 30, 2016 GOLD , KWN King World News 
Nomi Prins, who meets with people from the Federal Reserve, IMF, World Bank, foreign central banks and high-raking government officials across the globe, just warned when the system crashes time time, it will crash harder. Nomi Prins warned people should keep cash out of the banking system. 
When It Crashes, It Crashes Harder Nomi Prins: 'The financial system is fragile. It (the crackup) has been contained for 8 going on what will be 9 years of cheap money, bond subsidization, banking subsidization, and of a codependency that is very fragile. I don't know when that gives. I've tried to guess this throughout the years, but the point is that it only increases in its tension and its (ultimate) downfall with every day that it's been subsidized artificially… 
Continue reading the Nomi Prins interview below… Advertisement To hear which company investors and institutions around the globe are flocking to that has one of the best gold & silver purchase & storage platforms in the world click on the logo: 
So all I can say is that when it crashes it crashes harder the longer we wait for that crash. I don't know when that date will be, but that's what we're dealing with right now.' 
Eric King: 'Nomi, people around the world will send in emails (to KWN) saying, 'I want to be protected when this crash unfolds that so many of your guests have warned about.' What can they do to try to be outside of the system? I know we've talked about this in the past but what are some concrete things that are simple that people can do to try to sidestep that dislocation, that ultimate unwind? Because when they have to introduce a new financial system, if you are trapped inside the old one you are probably not going to get a very good transition, right?' 
Nomi Prins: 'No, and that's why I've talked about trying to be as liquid as possible and keep cash out of banks because when the system seizes up, unlike the last crash, unlike the last crisis, it's…To continue listening to the remarkable KWN audio interview with Nomi Prins CLICK HERE OR ON THE IMAGE BELOW. 
***KWN has also released Rick Rule's timely audio interview CLICK HERE OR ON THE IMAGE BELOW. 
***ALSO RELEASED: Update From The New Orleans Investment Conference CLICK HERE. 
© 2015 by King World News®. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. However, linking directly to the articles is permitted and encouraged. About author

ARTICLE

110904 Views October 30, 2016 BROADCAST King World News FOR DIRECTIONS ON HOW TO PLAY OR DOWNLOAD AUDIOS: CLICK HERE Nomi Prins: Keynote speaker who just addressed the Federal Reserve, IMF and the World Bank  - Nomi is a renowned journalist, author and speaker. Her latest book, All the Presidents' Bankers, is a groundbreaking narrative about the relationships of presidents to key bankers over the past century and how they impacted domestic and foreign policy. She was also on a Federal Reserve Advisory Council . Nomi is on the advisory board of the whistle-blowing organization ExposeFacts, and a board member of the animal welfare and wildlife conservation group, Born Free USA. She has also appeared on numerous international and national media. Nomi Prins is a renowned journalist, author and speaker. Her latest book, All the Presidents' Bankers, is a groundbreaking narrative about the relationships of presidents to key bankers over the past century and how they impacted domestic and foreign policy. To buy Nomi Prins' new book ' All the Presidents' Bankers: The Hidden Alliances that Drive American Power ' CLICK HERE or ON THE BOOK Nomi Prins: Keynote speaker who just addressed the Federal Reserve, IMF and the World Bank  - Economic signals are everywhere, from magazine covers to grocery stores to military events. They reveal the story of the world economy. Central bankers have done their best to conjure forth inflation in the hopes that this will vanquish deflation but the risk is that our daily lives, and the sustainability of governments, will be affected by an ongoing battle between these two forces. There will be important consequences. Quantitative Easing is now catching people in a vice by pushing up their cost of living even as their income is still falling. This breaks the vital social contracts between citizens and their governments and sets in motion many seemingly unrelated outcomes: social unrest in emerging markets, the movement of manufacturing and jobs back to the US and the West, improvements to the value added of emerging market firms, higher food and energy prices. The rising price, but shrinking size, of a steak, a candy bar and an apartment not only cause pain at home, they also propel some nations to deploy their militaries to secure resources and protect their citizens from the ill effects of inflation and deflation alike. This is already resulting in military confrontations, incidents and near misses between American, Chinese and Russian planes, warships and submarines. The solution is growth and innovation. Luckily, anonymous individuals are balancing their hubris against the risk of failure and proceeding to build a more dynamic economy and the new social contracts that will exist tomorrow. The only question is whether governments are hostile or hospitable to these efforts. By being alert to the many signals around us anyone can better navigate through the turbulence to the treasures of the world economy instead of being continuously overwhelmed and surprised by it. 
All the Presidents' Bankers: The Hidden Alliances that Drive American Power  - Who rules America? 
All the Presidents' Bankers is a groundbreaking narrative of how an elite group of men transformed the American economy and government, dictated foreign and domestic policy, and shaped world history. 
Culled from original presidential archival documents, All the Presidents' Bankers delivers an explosive account of the hundred-year interdependence between the White House and Wall Street that transcends a simple analysis of money driving politics—or greed driving bankers. 
Prins ushers us into the intimate world of exclusive clubs, vacation spots, and Ivy League universities that binds presidents and financiers. She unravels the multi-generational blood, intermarriage, and protégé relationships that have confined national influence to a privileged cluster of people. These families and individuals recycle their power through elected office and private channels in Washington, DC. 
All the Presidents' Bankers sheds new light on pivotal historic events—such as why, after the Panic of 1907, America's dominant bankers convened to fashion the Federal Reserve System; how J. P. Morgan's ambitions motivated President Wilson during World War I; how Chase and National City Bank chairmen worked secretly with President Roosevelt to rescue capitalism during the Great Depression while J.P. Morgan Jr. invited Roosevelt's son yachting; and how American financiers collaborated with President Truman to construct the World Bank and IMF after World War II. 
Prins divulges how, through the Cold War and Vietnam era, presidents and bankers pushed America's superpower status and expansion abroad, while promoting broadly democratic values and social welfare at home. But from the 1970s, Wall Street's rush to secure Middle East oil profits altered the nature of political-financial alliances. Bankers' profit motive trumped heritage and allegiance to public service, while presidents lost control over the economy—as was dramatically evident in the financial crisis of 2008. 
This unprecedented history of American power illuminates how the same financiers retained their authoritative position through history, swaying presidents regardless of party affiliation. All the Presidents' Bankers explores the alarming global repercussions of a system lacking barriers between public office and private power. Prins leaves us with an ominous choice: either we break the alliances of the power elite, or they will break us. About author

ARTICLE

49 Views October 30, 2016 GOLD , KWN King World News 
With continued uncertainty in global markets, today the man who has become legendary for his predictions on QE, historic moves in currencies, and major global events, spoke with King World News about the the coming 'Super Depression,' social unrest, wars, cyberwar, $10,000 gold, and $1,000 silver. 
The Beginning Of The End Egon von Greyerz: ' Money printing and debt is just the most beautiful scheme invented by governments to make ends meet and give the people whatever they want. In this perfect system, it makes not the slightest difference if the budget doesn't balance. Conventional methods of increasing taxes or reducing government expenses is old hat and totally unnecessary. With modern methods, such trivial problems are solved by the printing press… 
Continue reading the Egon von Greyerz interview below… 
In a King World News interview I spoke with the man who predicted the Swiss National Bank would experience staggering losses and that the Fed would also experience massive losses that will destabilize the global financial system! His company is the only one in the world offering a precious metals investment service outside the banking system, with direct ownership and full control by the investor. He has also become legendary for his predictions on QE, historic moves in currencies, and major global events. To find out what he and his company can do to help answer that age old question for you CLICK HERE. Sponsored 
Egon von Greyerz continues: ' More social security, more guns or major infrastructure projects; whatever is required there is money printing. Because printing presses have no limit. And with computers, a few zeros can easily be added. The problems in the HC Andersen saga 'The Emperor's new clothes' don't exist today. At that time, they had run out of gold in their coffers and therefore the emperor had to go naked. 
Today no president must be naked since the printing press can dress both him as well as all the people. And after he has finished his term, his banker friends will use him so he can earn $100s of millions by just giving speeches and networking. Everybody benefits, the poor get more welfare, the middle classes can borrow money for houses and cars and the rich accumulate incredible wealth. This system is so good that working can be made voluntary. All that is needed is to print a bit more money to feed everyone whether they are working or not. 
The system described above has worked incredibly well for the last 45 years since Nixon abandoned the gold backing of the dollar. Gold doesn't fit into a modern monetary system. It restricts the unlimited expansion of money and credit which is the new paradigm for prosperity and growth. 
In 1971 the US Federal debt was $398 billion. Forty years later the US will have a debt of $20 trillion by the time the new president comes into office. That makes a compound annual growth rate of the debt of 9%. This rate remains fairly constant whether it is calculated from 1971, 1981 or later. If we extrapolate it four years to the end of the new president's period it would give a debt by the end of 2024 of $28 trillion. And if we go ten years forward to the end of 2026, the debt will be a staggering $47 trillion. So president 'Trunton' and whoever follows after him/her will just have to speed up the printing presses a bit more. 
The Hairy 1970s But wait, what about a slowdown in GDP, a decrease in tax revenues, major bank defaults, much higher interest rates and more weapons for the military and possibly some major wars. These are all likely events in the next few years. As bond and credit markets collapse, we will see interest rates at least in the high teens like in the 1970s. This will also kill the $1.5 quadrillion derivative market. Well, all of this is not a problem either. Just needs more money printing. Instead of printing trillions, we just add a few zeros and make it into quadrillions or quintillions. We might even get to googols (1 with hundred zeros). The founders of Google never thought that would happen in their lifetime. Or did they? 
The great advantage in this new economic system is that taxes become totally redundant. Firstly, very few people will have a job and for the ones who do, they won't be able to afford to pay any tax. Secondly, the little tax they can pay is totally irrelevant in an economy where the government needs to print unlimited amounts of money to prevent the inevitable collapse. In this context, tax revenue becomes incidental. The rich will be heavily taxed, probably nearer 100% income tax to placate the masses. 
But most of the rich will never pay these taxes. In many countries, like the US, there will be schemes that minimize taxes for the rich to virtually nothing. Wealth taxes will be extremely high in most countries and this could be a problem for the wealthy since hyperinflation initially will drive asset prices up to very high nominal levels. Most governments will be in total disarray when hyperinflation starts. That includes civil servants and tax inspectors. Their system never assumed hyperinflation and they will be totally incapable to calculate and collect taxes. But this won't be a problem that a bit more money printing can't solve. 
Social Unrest, Wars, And Cyberwars What every government in hyperinflationary economies fails to understand is that adding debt to a debt problem just exacerbates the problem. Zimbabwe still haven't learned, despite their recent experience of hyperinflation. They now need to print money again since they still have no idea how to govern the country. This coming hyperinflationary era will benefit no one. Governments will lose control, people will lose their jobs and there will be social unrest and probably wars, including cyberwars. World trade and economic activity will collapse. Asset markets might boom for a while, reflecting to hyperinflationary price levels. But this will be short lived and follow the pattern of all hyperinflationary economies because hyperinflation always goes hand in hand with depressions. 
Credit markets will also fall fast due to severe economic conditions, high interest rates and the inability of borrowers to service their loans. Indexation of loans in line with inflation is also a possibility. It has happened before. 
In every case of hyperinflation in history, it has always affected just one country or region. Between 1700 and today, there have been around 150 instances of hyperinflation in various countries around the world. When a country has defaulted on its debt, any foreign creditors obviously had to write off their claim. So far these write-offs have been manageable. However, the coming period of major defaults will involve such astronomical amounts on a global scale which cannot be absorbed by any country. 
A World Drowning In Debt The coming global hyperinflationary period is unlikely to last more than a few years. During this period, there will be debts of a magnitude that computers are unlikely to cope with. Before the world can get on a sound footing again, all this debt must disappear. There is clearly no chance of ever paying it off. And there is no possibility for the world to grow again as long as this debt is overhanging the world economy. Therefore, the only solution is an implosion of the debt. 
But when this happens, all assets financed by this debt will also implode in value. This will create a global super depression that will be devastating for every individual on earth. It will also involve a major reduction in world population due to poverty, famine, lack of medicine and hospital care, disease, social unrest and wars. The world has been through these periods before. In the mid-14th century Black Death halved Europe's population and possibly also the whole world's. 
After a period of excesses that we have seen in the last 100 years, a correction is due. This correction is the only way for the world to get back to a sound base on which future growth and prosperity can be built. But sadly, the transition will be horrific and could last a very long time. 
Gold & Silver Demand To Skyrocket As The System Breaks Down During the economic, financial and geopolitical calamities that we will see in coming years, there will be times when the financial system will not function and when paper money will be worthless. The demand for physical gold and silver will then increase exponentially. At that time, no one will accept paper gold or silver. So the paper market, which is many hundred times the physical market, will collapse. Comex together with other futures markets will then default since they will neither have the gold or silver nor the money to settle the paper claims. 
The same will happen to all the bullion banks, investment banks and the BIS. They will all have lost control of the paper market in precious metals. Instead, prices will only be determined in the physical market. As people scramble to get hold of physical gold and silver at any price, there will be periods when there is 'no offer.' This means that physical gold or silver cannot be found at any price. These will be the times when gold will go up not just hundreds of dollars but also thousands of dollars. 
For any buyer who is waiting to buy physical gold or silver, I would advise them to buy now at current prices, which are unlikely to ever be seen in history. There could soon be times when physical shortages will make it impossible to get hold of gold and silver. 
$10,000 Gold And $1,000 Silver My longstanding target of $10,000 gold is in today's money. Taking into account credit creation, money printing and inflation in the last 26 years, this is a very realistic target that could well be exceeded. Silver on the same basis could reach $500-1,000. But remember that these targets don't take the coming hyperinflation into account. With that we need to add quite a few zeros to the gold and silver price. 
The wonderful thing is that investors can still today take advantage of the current low prices to buy physical gold and silver based on the paper prices for the metals. But remember, this situation is unlikely to last for much longer.' 
***KWN has now released the remarkable audio interview with Nomi Prins CLICK HERE OR ON THE IMAGE BELOW. 
***ALSO RELEASED: FINANCIAL CRACK-UP: Nomi Prins Just Warned When The System Crashes This Time, It Will Crash Harder CLICK HERE. 
***KWN has also released Rick Rule's timely audio interview CLICK HERE OR ON THE IMAGE BELOW. 
© 2015 by King World News®. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. However, linking directly to the articles is permitted and encouraged. About author

ARTICLE

52 Views October 31, 2016 GOLD , KWN King World News 
With most markets on lockdown on Halloween trading day, here is a big picture view of where the world is headed. 
Stephen Leeb: 'This past week a New York Times headline that caught my eye was: 'At Heart of U.S. Strategy; Weapons That Can Think.' The gist was that over the next few years the U.S. will be spending billions of dollars to make 'smart' weapons, while also boosting our cyber budget by billions of dollars. It struck me as another example of how anytime we in the U.S. pound our chest about our mighty military, we always point to how much money have spent and plan to spend… IMPORTANT: To hear which legend just spoke with KWN about $8,000 gold and the coming mania in the gold, silver, and mining shares markets CLICK HERE OR ON THE IMAGE BELOW. 
In a recent issue of Foreign Affairs, Michael O'Harlan and David Petraeus, men with exceptional military pedigrees, declare: 'U.S. forces have few, if any, weaknesses and in many areas…they play in a totally different league from the militaries of other countries…Nor is this likely to change anytime soon, as U.S. defense spending is almost three times as large as that of the United States' closest competitor, China.' 
Reassuring words? Maybe for a moment. But as soon as you think about it, they become anything but reassuring, showing that even when it comes to our most vital security issues, we make the fundamentally flawed assumption that money equates to wealth. 
I've long been convinced that if the U.S. continues on what appears an ever more inevitable slide, historians will point to the day Nixon dropped the gold standard as launching that skid. Gold is wealth; paper is merely money. Money can facilitate the exchange of wealth, but by itself it is just paper or entries on a computer ledger and a very poor substitute for wealth. Commodities are wealth, and many vital commodities, as we pointed in a recent interview, can't even be purchased any more  - period. Information is also wealth. And no amount of money can guarantee an edge in information. 
A few weeks ago, a 15- or 16-year-old who had recently become interested in chess wrote a letter to a chess blog asking how much he'd need to spend to become a Grand Master  - how much for training, how much for practice time, coaches, etc. The only possible answer: not all the money in the world could turn a novice who's already a teenager into a world-class player. Grand masters have a wealth of knowledge and savvy that can't be acquired once you're much past 7 or 8 years old. You've missed the boat. 
Similarly, no amount of money enabled U.S. experts to crack the cell phone of the San Bernardino terrorists. But cyber experts from Israel, which spends a lot less on cyber issues, cracked it with relative ease. Israel, along with China and Russia, are among a number of countries, mostly located in Asia, that develop the skills of their gifted children at early ages. This has left the U.S. a poor second in critical areas ranging from cyber security to super computers, which will be the most essential tools in the next generation of a gold-centered monetary system. 
Even nonbelievers should be starting to perceive the inevitability of gold replacing paper. A few metrics tell the story. First is the relationship between the dollar and economic growth. Despite the recent report of better-than-expected third-quarter GDP, the economy's growth has been declining as the dollar has risen. In the wake of the Great Recession the dollar traded in a fairly tight range, while GDP growth in fits and starts peaked at 5 percent in the third quarter of 2014. The higher dollar has held GDP growth to less than 2 percent for the past two years. 
But commodities have begun to rise. Most major commodity indexes have climbed 10 percent or more this year. Even the temporary setback in obtaining an OPEC agreement won't hold back real goods. Recently, for the first time since China announced its Silk Road initiative in 2013, a major article on the undertaking appeared in a major magazine, Foreign Affairs. Gal Luft , a senior advisor to the United States Energy Security Council, urged Washington to get aboard or lose out on the chance to benefit from the greatest infrastructure project in the history of civilization, many times the size of the Marshall Plan and already the destination of $1 trillion in Chinese exports this year, with dramatic growth likely for the foreseeable future. 
But instead we're likely to continue to use our dollars in ways that bear ever less connection to real wealth. Bear in mind that any effort to hold inflation down will crumble in the face of Western economies even weaker than ours. The result is that real interest rates will remain negative, an unalloyed positive for gold. At the same time the currency used along the Silk Road will be some combination of gold, the SDR, and the yuan. As we have said before, China's edge in critical information technologies ensures its domination in virtual currencies such as the bitcoin, which will have multiple advantages in tomorrow's gold-based world. 
How High Will Gold & Silver Trade? How high will gold go? Much depends on how much trade the Silk Road generates. Which means that if think gold could go to five digits, you don't need a shrink  - you're sane as can be. And let's not overlook gold's poor cousin, which in the end could make you even richer, silver. The energies of our future will be anchored to solar, nuclear, and wind. The solar anchor will mean that already peaking silver will become some of the scarcest wealth around. If you're dreaming of $100 silver, your dreams will be coming true before long. 
To me it's an ironic footnote to the Nixon years. Yes, history will record that America's decline began when the much-maligned Nixon delinked the dollar from gold and let us conflate money and wealth. Meanwhile, though, you can make a fortune on the coming bull market in gold that will be the direct result of that decision.' 
  The Coming Super Depression,   Cyberwars, $10,000 Gold & $1,000 Silver CLICK  

ARTICLE

123 Views October 31, 2016 GOLD , KWN King World News 
Today King World News is pleased to present an extremely important update on the war in the gold market from Michael Oliver at MSA. Oliver allowed KWN exclusively to share this key report with our global audience. 
By Michael Oliver, MSA (Momentum Structural Analysis) October 31 ( King World New s)  - MSA has recently shown many long-term momentum charts of gold, all of which demonstrate that the sharp pullback in no way broke the structural integrity of the long-term momentum uptrend that emerged with multiple momentum breakouts (quarterly and annual) in February. Period. The same applies to GDX… IMPORTANT: To find out which high-grade silver mining company billionaire Eric Sprott just purchased a nearly 20% stake in and learn why he believes this is one of the most exciting silver stories in the world  - CLICK HERE OR BELOW: Sponsored 
Our main focus now is in identifying points of upturn. We begin with a long-term momentum chart of GDX (see chart below). 
This 40-wk. avg. oscillator is effectively the same as the 200-day avg. or 3-qtr. avg. oscillator. 
Firstly, we aren't 100% sure the decline is over, but where it landed suggests it might be. A further drop won't alter our positive view of GDX, as the zone of potential support extends lower than we've seen to date. 
It's unlikely this long-term chart will be the best place to look for a credible sign of upturn. Instead, this chart has already pretty much accomplished its task in defining both the upturn (first up-arrow) and a target zone for a low (second up-arrow). 
There is rarely a market situation in which only one technical factor will provide entry or exit signal. It usually takes looking at several, in an ongoing basis, to identify turns. 
Here we use a 15-day avg. (effectively a smoothed 3-wk. avg.) to measure (see chart below). 
Note that the process of decline since July produced three down waves in momentum, with the third wave not confirming the new price lows. 
The Key To The Gold, Silver, And Mining Share Liftoff If momentum can close a day out above the recent high close and the downtrend connecting those three peak closes then assume weekly momentum is turning. This does not mean cannot have selloffs, but it probably means you have seen the low. Basically any day that can close somewhat over $25 accomplishes the task. 
King World News note: What Michael is trying to identify is a signal that the mining stocks are reversing back into an uptrend, thus marking the end of the correction. He highlights the level of 25 on the GDX as the key to see a clear sign of a reversal. If GDX closes above 25 on a daily basis that will be a good indicator. If it closes above that level on a weekly basis that would be even better. A reversal in the mining shares will also be accompanied by a reversal in gold and silver to the upside, so keep an eye on that key level that Michael highlighted because the mining shares will continue to lead the way in this bullish leg of the secular bull market in gold, silver, and the shares. 
  China, Russia, The Silk Road, Commodities, Nixon, And A Massive Bull Market In Gold & Silver CLICK  

ARTICLE

29 Views November 01, 2016 GOLD , KWN King World News 
As the gold and silver markets stage a rally, today's move in gold and silver is nothing compared to what is coming. 
A Terrifying Crisis John Embry: 'Things are continuing to deteriorate across the globe. Now we are facing the very real possibility of another world war, and in a world with massive nuclear arsenals on both sides I find that to be terrifying… Continue reading the John Embry interview below… Advertisement To hear what billionaire Eric Sprott & Rick Rule are doing with their own money and which $7 billion company John Embry & Dr. Marc Faber oversee click on the logo: 
John Embry continues: 'In my mind, that crisis dwarfs the economic and financial deterioration. 
On a separate note, I laughed when I saw the U.S. GDP number come in at 2.9 percent. That is totally at odds with important economic indicators such as freight traffic, industrial production, construction, oil consumption, etc. 
Along those same lines, the inflation rate published by the government sharply understates the true rate of inflation for the average U.S. citizen. The price of necessities — food, energy, housing, and healthcare, are all now rising much faster than the official inflation rate. And those are the primary items that the average consumers spend the bulk of their incomes on in the United States. 
The issue of Obamacare has become a national disgrace, with premium increases in 2017 to exceed double-digit percentages in virtually all constituencies. It will be interesting to see how this reality is reflected in voting patterns next week. Despite the mainstream press awarding the election to Hillary Clinton, there may be a bigger backlash coming from the voting public than anticipated. The public has become increasingly disenchanted with the establishment and what it has done to living standards for the average American. 
However, irrespective of who wins the election, I foresee a big upward price move in gold and silver that may have already started today, as there are no palatable solutions to the world's massive debt problems. I have long believed that we are going to experience a global hyperinflation for the first time in history, and this represents the most disruptive social condition that can possibly occur. Eventually the debt will have to be dealt with but I suspect that will happen in the wake of the hyperinflation. At that moment the only refuges will be hard assets, with gold and silver at the front of the pack. Meaning, today's upside move in gold and silver is nothing compared to what is coming.' 
***KWN has now released the remarkable audio interview with Nomi Prins CLICK HERE OR ON THE IMAGE BELOW. 
***ALSO RELEASED: This Key Signal Will Indicate Liftoff For Gold & Silver And The Mining Stocks CLICK HERE. 
***KWN has also released Rick Rule's timely audio interview CLICK HERE OR ON THE IMAGE BELOW. 
© 2015 by King World News®. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. However, linking directly to the articles is permitted and encouraged. About author

ARTICLE

6 Views November 01, 2016 GOLD , KWN King World News 
Ahead of tomorrow's Fed meeting, there are some very strange things happening. 
By Bill Fleckenstein President Of Fleckenstein Capital October 1 ( King World News )  - Overnight bond markets continued their recent losing ways again last night, with 10-year German bunds now yielding a massive 18 basis points. That doesn't sound like much, but it is a long way from the -15 bps it yielded a couple of months ago. Meanwhile, world equity markets more or less looked the other way, although they were slightly lower. The early going here saw the market modestly weaker as well, and acting funky enough that I put on a few shorts… IMPORTANT: To find out which company Doug Casey, Rick Rule and Sprott Asset Management are pounding the table on that already has a staggering 18.1 million ounces of gold that just added another massive deposit and is quickly being recognized as one of the greatest gold opportunities in the world  - CLICK HERE OR BELOW: Sponsored 
Around midday the leakage accelerated somewhat and the market was 0.5% lower by early afternoon. With a couple of hours to go, when I had to leave, the decline was about 0.75% (but it felt like it might accelerate, so check the box scores). Away from stocks, green paper was a bit weaker, led by a bounce in the euro, oil lost 1%, fixed income was a bit lower, and the metals came to life, led by silver, which popped 3% to gold's 1%. The miners similarly had a pretty strong day, just as they did yesterday. I didn't note Monday's action because I was suspicious it might have something to do with end-of-the-month tape painting, but obviously that was not the case. 
Gold Dog, New Tricks Given the fact that the Bank of Japan did nothing new and the Fed is expected to make hawkish comments tomorrow regarding a December rate hike, it was an interesting time for the metals to pop. I'm sure today's action has a number of people scratching their head as to how this could be. And I have to admit, I thought there was little chance for gold to start moving until we got past tomorrow's promise from Fed heads to hike rates, assuming the data continues to be, in their words, 'strong enough' (a phrase that is naturally open to subjective interpretation on their part). Having said that, I don't feel there is going to be a hike because I don't think the stock market or the economy are going to cooperate. 
Make It Stop There is also the wild card of the election next week and despite the mainstream media and the polls suggesting that Trump is a long shot, I think the tally will be much closer and his chance of winning is nontrivial, although certainly not expected. I mention that because, were Trump to win, I think a lot of markets would be put in motion. 
The stock market has been an accident waiting to happen, and considering how much Wall Street seems to be enamored of a Clinton victory, an upset would probably be enough of a catalyst to send the indices tumbling, which by extension would be a positive for gold — and take a rate hike off the table. On the other hand, in the event Hillary wins, I don't think the stock market could really go up much. 
In any event, I don't want to get into too much of a discussion about what is liable to happen, as we will have the data in a few days and can decide exactly what to do in the wake of it from a stock market perspective. Besides, a precious metals position can do well under any number of potential scenarios we may see, and they may have already discounted a rate hike, which we probably won't get. Included below are three questions and answers from the Q&A's with Bill Fleckenstein. Bonus Q&A Question: If the bond market has 'topped', isn't it irrelevant who wins the Presidency. In other words the bond market will be in full control and politicians will be late and simply be responding with desperate measures? Answer from Fleck: ' Yes, the President is irrelevant to a large degree versus the bond market.' Question: Dear Bill, Happy Halloween! If you were going to dress as something scary for Halloween would it be - a) deflation, b) a creepy clown, or c) one of the presidential candidates. Of course b) and c) aren't mutually exclusive, since clowns can be either gender… Answer from Fleck: ' If I was going out to a party, I would dress as Mr. Politically Incorrect, and I'd try to wear a small bit of any/every costume that is deemed to be 'offensive,' (i.e. part Chinese, Japanese, black, Arab, gay, trans, Indian, Mexican, angry clown, Hitler, etc.) I am so sick of microagression and related censorship. We have a right to free speech in this country, but there is no right to 'not be offended.' People need to get over themselves. We have far bigger problems in this country than being offended.' Question: Yesterday you wrote 'as the belief that the central planners have accomplished what they set out to, nothing can go wrong, and the election will go whichever way it needs to for us to live happily ever after.' I think the S&P 500 being flat for 22 months with fits and starts says something doesn't it? Frustrating for bulls and bears alike. Answer from Fleck: ' Yeah, it does say something, which is, 'without QE, the stock market can't go up.' *** To subscribe to Bill Fleckenstein's fascinating Daily Thoughts CLICK HERE. 
***KWN has now released the remarkable audio interview with Nomi Prins CLICK HERE OR ON THE IMAGE BELOW. 
***ALSO RELEASED: Today's Upside Move In Gold Is Nothing Compared To What Is Coming CLICK HERE. 
***KWN has also released Rick Rule's timely audio interview CLICK HERE OR ON THE IMAGE BELOW. 
© 2015 by King World News®. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. However, linking directly to the articles is permitted and encouraged. About author

ARTICLE

77 Views November 01, 2016 GOLD , KWN King World News 
With continued uncertainty in global markets, bears should take note of what just hit one of the highest levels in the past 6 years! 
Rare Action Taking Place In Put Options From Jason Goepfert at SentimenTrader: ' Options traders are piling into protective puts. Trading activity in put options soared on Tuesday to one of the highest levels of this bull market (see chart below). 
Over the past six years, when traders have so heavily favored puts over calls, stocks had a strong tendency to rebound almost immediately… IMPORTANT: To find out which company the richest man in China has invested in, one that Rick Rule and Sprott Asset Management are pounding the table on that is quickly being recognized as one of the greatest investment opportunities in the world  - CLICK HERE OR BELOW: Sponsored 
More evidence of hedging Put/call ratio soars to upper end of bull market range 
With concerns about the looming election, overseas market volatility and stocks sinking to multi-month lows, options traders picked up their activity in protective puts. There were 143 put options traded on the CBOE on Tuesday for every 100 calls, among the highest amount since the bull market began more than six years ago (see chart below). 
A Contrarian Indicator High levels of put activity are often an early indication of bottoming action in stocks, and it's no surprise that during this bull market, it has led to almost immediately higher prices. 
A week later, there was only one loss of more than 0.6%, and the risk/reward was skewed 3-to-1 to the upside. Other than the very short-term, returns across the various time frames suggested significance.' 
The Exception King World News note: The one exception is when stocks are in a bear market. During bear markets there are times when the put/call ratios are extremely high and yet stocks continue to plunge ( see 10-year chart below, which includes 2008/2009 time frame ). 
The charts and commentary above are from SentimenTrader. To try a free 14-day trial of the internationally acclaimed work that Jason Goepfert produces at SentimenTrader simply CLICK HERE. 
  Ahead Of Tomorrow's Fed Meeting Some Very Strange Things Are Happening  

ARTICLE

41 Views November 02, 2016 GOLD , KWN King World News 
With the U.S. dollar, stocks and crude oil trading lower and the price of gold and silver surging, the Fear Index is spiking after a Fed President just confessed that the central banks' radical accommodative monetary policies have failed. 'Central bankers stationed in the world's leading economies have put into practice radical accommodative monetary policy, based on what appeared to be sound economic theory. But it has not worked in practice and policy makers are only now beginning to understand why.' — Dallas Fed President, Richard Fisher 
(King World News) Gerald Celente — Between the stream of WikiLeaks' email dumps challenging the practices of Hillary Clinton's campaign and the ethics of the Clinton Foundation, plus the FBI's announcement to further investigate Clinton's emails from her private server when she was secretary of state, Wall Street's odds she would beat Donald Trump next Tuesday are no longer a sure bet. 
Fear Index Spikes! Fearing a Trump victory, the CBOE Volatility Index (VIX) spiked more than 40 percent over the last six days. It was the first time the VIX rose for six straight days since the lead-up to the UK's Brexit vote. And prospects of a Trump presidency also pushed the dollar down and gold prices higher, since the word on The Street is that the odds of a Fed interest rate hike in December would diminish, the dollar would fall and gold would rally… IMPORTANT: To find out which high-grade silver mining company billionaire Eric Sprott just purchased a nearly 20% stake in and learn why he believes this is one of the most exciting silver stories in the world  - CLICK HERE OR BELOW: Sponsored 
It's the economy, stupid While aspects of current market volatility are attributed to who wins the US presidential election, we forecast a sustained 'fear index' fueled by economic data, not poll results. 
Indeed, while US equity markets volatility spiked before and after the Brexit vote, the Dow proceeded to hit new highs in the months that followed. Thus, while volatility may subside following the election, trend lines for a deep market fall and sharp rise in gold prices are based not on a 'fear index' of emotions of who wins the White House, but rather indisputable market fundamentals. 
For example: Essentially blacked out of the mainstream news and barely making the business news is the latest report from the Netherlands showing global trade volume in 2016's first quarter was flat, while slumping 0.8 percent in the second quarter. In the United States, the world's largest economy, the value of imports and exports fell $200 billion last year, and for the first nine months of this year, trade plummeted an additional $470 billion. 
Thus, while economic growth has slogged along at a tepid 2 percent since the Great Recession, it is the first time since World War II that trade has declined in the US while the economy has grown. 
Trend Forecast: Facts prove that 'free market' trade, the primary engine of global growth for the past quarter century, is in decline. Moreover  - from the $500-billion-plus record-breaking merger-and-acquisition activity in October, to corporate stock buy-backs, to growing concerns of multiple speculative bubbles bursting in China, etc.  - it was, and is, central-bank cheap-money schemes, not increased consumption and investment that have artificially inflated real estate and equity markets. 
Currently, there is a general consensus that record-low-interest-rate and massive central-bank quantitative-easing policies have failed to generate global growth, and their ability to impact future economic policy is doubtful. Thus, we forecast multiple 'fear actors' rattling equity markets long after the US presidential elections. Therefore, we maintain our forecast that when gold prices stabilize above $1,400 per ounce, they will spike toward $2,000. 
  With Gold Hitting $1,300, Look At Who Is Bullish  

ARTICLE

45 Views November 02, 2016 GOLD , KWN , KWN II King World News 
Ahead of today's FOMC announcement and with gold hitting $1,300, look at who is bullish. 
Here is what Peter Boockvar wrote today as the world awaits the next round of monetary madness: Robert Heller, the former Federal Reserve Governor, had it right yesterday on the Santelli Exchange. He said what's the point of scheduling an FOMC meeting one week before the election if the election gives them reason to do nothing… IMPORTANT: To hear which legend just spoke with KWN about $8,000 gold and the coming mania in the gold, silver, and mining shares markets CLICK HERE OR ON THE IMAGE BELOW. 
It was more than two months ago when Janet Yellen in Jackson Hole said that 'the case for an increase in the federal funds rate has strengthened in recent months.' This was repeated by her in the month after and three members wanted to hike in September. As the data hasn't changed much of late, politics is the only reason why they aren't hiking today. This comment of mine is putting aside the intellectual debate over the data and whether they should or shouldn't hike based on it. I'm just focusing on what we've heard from voting members over the past two months since Jackson Hole. Odds of a December hike are at about 65%. Either way, the market has already tightened for the Fed. 3 month LIBOR hasn't fallen one iota since the mutual fund rule deadline passed 2 ½ weeks ago. Worries over interest rates, both market based and with the Fed, the election and the drop in markets saw a sharp change in stock market sentiment this week . Investors Intelligence said Bulls fell to 41.7 from 47.1 last week. Rather than getting bearish, most went into the Correction camp which rose to a 4 month high at 34 vs 29.8 last week. Bears did rise to a 6 week high but only to 24.3 from 23.1. The 2nd longest bull market in history where any pain has been anesthetized by central banks has flattened the bears and the most bearish many get is 'we'll have a normal correction and let's buy it.' With Gold Hitting $1,300, I Remain Bullish US dollar weakness for a 2nd day has gold approaching $1300 again. We can likely chalk up the weakness to the shift in the election polls. I repeat my belief that the US dollar is not on the cusp of breaking out above the 100 level even if the Fed hikes rates next month (and even if Hillary wins). One hike a year is not reason enough for me to get all bulled up on the dollar. As for gold and in addition to its contra move to the dollar, it is trading opposite to the world's faith in central banks and that faith is clearly waning. I thus remain bullish. 
  BEARS BEWARE: This Just Hit One Of The Highest Levels In The Past 6 Years!  

ARTICLE

10 Views November 02, 2016 GOLD , KWN King World News 
According to Investors Intelligence, here is the key to a turnaround in gold and silver! 
Today Investors Intelligence issued an important note about gold, silver and the mining stocks: The Precious Metals Bullish % rallied 4.55% on Wednesday, reversing the P&F chart direction back to the upside for the first time since September. … IMPORTANT: To find out which company Doug Casey, Rick Rule and Sprott Asset Management are pounding the table on that already has a staggering 18.1 million ounces of gold that just added another massive deposit and is quickly being recognized as one of the greatest gold opportunities in the world  - CLICK HERE OR BELOW: Sponsored 
Investors Intelligence continues: The chart has pulled out of oversold and has a new status of Bull-alert. Investors should be looking to buy upside reassertion candidates (see chart below). 
The PHLX Gold & Silver Index develops a bullish P&F breakout signal at 89 with a price objective of 102 and a stop loss at 83 (see chart below). 
King World News note: Despite the post-Fed meeting intervention to suppress the gold, silver and mining share markets, when Investors Intelligence states, 'Investors should be looking to buy upside reassertion candidates,' what they mean is that investors should be purchasing high-quality investments in the gold and silver sector. This includes top-tier mining stocks and associated gold and silver ETFs. Although the Philadelphia Gold & Silver (mining share) Index (XAU) closed below the key level of 89 after an intra-day surge above 92, it is still very close to the breakout noted by Investors Intelligence. It will be interesting to see if the sector picks up momentum in the coming days and weeks as that will trigger additional money flows into the sector. 
***KWN has now released the remarkable audio interview with Nomi Prins CLICK HERE OR ON THE IMAGE BELOW. 
***ALSO RELEASED: With Gold Hitting $1,300, Look At Who Is Bullish CLICK HERE. 
***KWN has also released Rick Rule's timely audio interview CLICK HERE OR ON THE IMAGE BELOW. 
© 2015 by King World News®. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. However, linking directly to the articles is permitted and encouraged. About author

ARTICLE

32   King World News 
On the heels of yesterday's Fed meeting, what we just witnessed has rarely occurred in the past 20 years! 
Surprises In The Put Options Market From Jason Goepfert at SentimenTrader: ' Equity options traders focused on puts almost as much as calls on Wednesday. A stocks-only put/call ratio is rare during bull markets, occurring only 17 times in 20 years (see chart below). 
King World News note: For a broader look at how extreme the put/call ratio is, below is a 5-year chart. 
Although this is flashing a warning signal for the bears who are short the stock market, the exception would be if stocks are about to enter a bear market. In that case put buyers are often rewarded for their pessimism. 
The charts and commentary above are from SentimenTrader. To try a free 14-day trial of the internationally acclaimed work that Jason Goepfert produces at SentimenTrader simply CLICK HERE. 
  Investors Intelligence Says Here Is The Key To A Turnaround In Gold & Silver  

ARTICLE

20 Views November 03, 2016 GOLD , KWN King World News 
Today top Citi analyst Tom Fitzpatrick sent King World News a key update on the action in the gold market. 
Top Citi analyst Tom Fitzpatrick: Good resistance for gold comes in between $1,302 and $1,309. This was the break area on the way down and also where the potential top comes in (see chart below). 
Gold has retested the break levels that were breached on the way down at $1,302  - $1,308. We also have what could be a short term channel top coming in there… 
Continue reading Tom Fitzpatrick below… IMPORTANT: To find out which company the richest man in China has invested in, one that Rick Rule and Sprott Asset Management are pounding the table on that is quickly being recognized as one of the greatest investment opportunities in the world  - CLICK HERE OR BELOW: Sponsored 
Fitzpatrick continues: At this stage we could not expect to see these levels give way, however a close above ($1,308) would need to be respected. Trend line resistance above this zone is at $1,329 . Also of importance… Fear & Greed Index Shows More Extreme Fear The Fear & Greed Index has moved from a reading of 19 down to 17, showing even more extreme fear. Are the stock markets setting up for a possible rebound (see below)? 
  What We Just Witnessed Has Rarely Occurred In The Past 20 Years!  

ARTICLE

70-Year Gold/Oil Ratio What Does It All Mean? While the Gold/Oil ratio has now risen close to 30:1, it is incredibly extended above its long-term median average of 15.5. This indicates how fragile the global financial system really is at this point in history. Meaning, what we are seeing can now only be compared to what took place during the Great Depression. Adding fuel to the Gold/Oil ratio has been the fact that for two quarters in a row investment demand for gold has outstripped jewelry demand, also a first in history! 
  Top Citi Analyst Issues Important Update On The Gold Market !  

ARTICLE

45 Views November 04, 2016 GOLD , KWN King World News 
With continued uncertainty in global markets, today the man who has become legendary for his predictions on QE, historic moves in currencies, and major global events, spoke with King World News about what is really happening in the gold market. 
Eric King: 'Egon, what is happening with the physical gold market? I know you have your eyes on the refiners in Switzerland and the physical market as well. What's happening?' 
Forget The Propaganda, This Is What Is Really Happening In The Gold Market Egon von Greyerz: 'What is so fascinating is that throughout the whole downturn in the gold price from September of 2011, when gold peaked at $1,920, there has been constant physical demand and all of the (world gold) production has been absorbed. The refiners (in Switzerland, which supply 75 percent of the world's refined gold) have been working at full capacity since 2011… 
Continue reading the Egon von Greyerz interview below… 
In a King World News interview I spoke with the man who predicted the Swiss National Bank would experience staggering losses and that the Fed would also experience massive losses that will destabilize the global financial system! His company is the only one in the world offering a precious metals investment service outside the banking system, with direct ownership and full control by the investor. He has also become legendary for his predictions on QE, historic moves in currencies, and major global events. To find out what he and his company can do to help answer that age old question for you CLICK HERE. Sponsored 
Egon von Greyerz continues: ' So all of the gold that is being produced (and more) is being absorbed. A lot more gold is actually being bought (than what is being produced globally) every year, so…Within hours KWN will be releasing this extraordinary   Egon von Greyerz, where he gives KWN listeners a look what is really happening behind the scenes in the gold market, and you can listen to it when it's released by CLICKING HERE. 
***ALSO RELEASED: DANGER: Gold/Oil Ratio At Levels Last Seen During The Great Depression! CLICK HERE. 
©  

ARTICLE

39 Views November 05, 2016 GOLD , KWN King World News 
With continued uncertainty in global markets, today the man who has become legendary for his predictions on QE, historic moves in currencies, and major global events, spoke with King World News about the destiny of the world. 
Egon von Greyerz: 'Eric, the destiny of the world economy is not going to be determined by what happens to Brexit or the U.S. election. Of course the election can be a catalyst but it won't be the reason for what will happen next. What will trigger the next crisis phase in the world economy is the implosion of… KWN has now released this extraordinary audio interview with Egon von Greyerz, where he gives KWN listeners a look what is really happening behind the scenes globally and in the gold market, and you can listen to it by CLICKING HERE OR ON THE IMAGE BELOW. 
***ALSO RELEASED: Forget The Propaganda, Here Is What Is Really Happening In The Gold Market CLICK HERE. 
© 2015 by King World News®. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. However, linking directly to the articles is permitted and encouraged. About author

ARTICLE

134744 Views November 05, 2016 KWN PLUS , TRENDING King World News FOR DIRECTIONS ON HOW TO PLAY OR DOWNLOAD AUDIOS: CLICK HERE Egon von Greyerz (EvG): Founder and Managing Partner of Matterhorn Asset Management AG & GoldSwitzerland  - EvG forecasted the current economic problems over 12 years ago. In 2002 (gold $300/ oz.) MAM recommended to its investors to put 50% of their investment assets into physical gold stored outside the banking system. EvG specialises in M&A and Asset allocation consultancy for private family funds. MAM (based in Zurich, Switzerland) specialises in wealth preservation for high net worth individuals as well as institutions. The GoldSwitzerland Division was created to facilitate the buying and storage of physical gold and silver for private investors, companies, trusts and pension funds. About Us  - Matterhorn Asset Management / GoldSwitzerland  - GoldSwitzerland is the precious metals investment division of Matterhorn Asset Management AG (MAM), a Swiss asset management company specialising in wealth preservation for high net worth individuals and institutions. GoldSwitzerland advises investors on precious metals investments and buys, sells, transfers and stores precious metals for investors. The metals are stored in the name of the clients in ultra-secure vaults in Switzerland. MAM also assists clients in transferring existing gold and silver holdings out of the banking system to the private vaults. Clients have full control of their gold and silver bars which are allocated and segregated. Clients have personal access to the vaults to inspect or collect their metals. MAM is associated with the Aquila Group, Switzerland's largest independent asset management group. 
Why Gold & Why GoldSwitzerland  - There are times in history when protecting your wealth should be the primary objective of your investment strategy. As Mark Twain said: 'I am more concerned about the return of my money than the return on my money.' To preserve wealth in a fragile financial system, involves investing in assets which have no counterparty risk. Gold is not an investment, it is real money. Gold reflects governments ongoing deceitful action in destroying the value of paper money. Matterhorn Asset Management (MAM) has invested in physical gold for clients for over 10 years. Back in 2002 we advised our investors to buy physical gold for up to 50% of their financial assets. The image shows how in 1913 you could buy nearly 50 oz of gold for $1,000 and today only 0.75 oz. Thus against real money  - GOLD  - the dollar has declined 98% since the creation of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York in the USA in 1913. But it is not only the dollar that has declined in value, all major currencies have lost 97-99% against gold since 1913. Until 1971 the US dollar was backed by gold. Since Nixon abolished the gold backing, money printing started in earnest and in the last 41 years the dollar lost 98% in real terms . Egon von Greyerz: Founder and managing Partner of Matterhorn Asset Managment AG & GoldSwitzerlan  - EvG forecasted the current present problems in the world economy over 12 years ago. In 2002 when gold was $300 per ounce, MAM recommended to its investors to put 50% of their investment assets into physical gold stored outside the banking system. Egon von Greyerz started his working life in Geneva as a banker and thereafter spent 17 years as Finance Director and Executive Vice-Chairman of a FTSE 100 company in the UK. Since the 1990s EvG has been actively involved with financial investment activities including Mergers and Acquisitions and Asset allocation consultancy for private family funds. This led to the creation of Matterhorn Asset Management an asset management company based on wealth preservation principles. The GoldSwitzerland Division was created to facilitate the buying and storage of physical gold and silver for private investors, companies, trusts and pension funds. EvG makes regular media appearances such as on CNBC, BBC and King World News and speaks at investment conferences around the world. He also publishes articles on precious metals, the world economy and wealth preservation. About author

ARTICLE

134742 Views November 05, 2016 BROADCAST King World News FOR DIRECTIONS ON HOW TO PLAY OR DOWNLOAD AUDIOS: CLICK HERE Egon von Greyerz (EvG): Founder and Managing Partner of Matterhorn Asset Management AG & GoldSwitzerland  - EvG forecasted the current economic problems over 12 years ago. In 2002 (gold $300/ oz.) MAM recommended to its investors to put 50% of their investment assets into physical gold stored outside the banking system. EvG specialises in M&A and Asset allocation consultancy for private family funds. MAM (based in Zurich, Switzerland) specialises in wealth preservation for high net worth individuals as well as institutions. The GoldSwitzerland Division was created to facilitate the buying and storage of physical gold and silver for private investors, companies, trusts and pension funds. About Us  - Matterhorn Asset Management / GoldSwitzerland  - GoldSwitzerland is the precious metals investment division of Matterhorn Asset Management AG (MAM), a Swiss asset management company specialising in wealth preservation for high net worth individuals and institutions. GoldSwitzerland advises investors on precious metals investments and buys, sells, transfers and stores precious metals for investors. The metals are stored in the name of the clients in ultra-secure vaults in Switzerland. MAM also assists clients in transferring existing gold and silver holdings out of the banking system to the private vaults. Clients have full control of their gold and silver bars which are allocated and segregated. Clients have personal access to the vaults to inspect or collect their metals. MAM is associated with the Aquila Group, Switzerland's largest independent asset management group. 
Why Gold & Why GoldSwitzerland  - There are times in history when protecting your wealth should be the primary objective of your investment strategy. As Mark Twain said: 'I am more concerned about the return of my money than the return on my money.' To preserve wealth in a fragile financial system, involves investing in assets which have no counterparty risk. Gold is not an investment, it is real money. Gold reflects governments ongoing deceitful action in destroying the value of paper money. Matterhorn Asset Management (MAM) has invested in physical gold for clients for over 10 years. Back in 2002 we advised our investors to buy physical gold for up to 50% of their financial assets. The image shows how in 1913 you could buy nearly 50 oz of gold for $1,000 and today only 0.75 oz. Thus against real money  - GOLD  - the dollar has declined 98% since the creation of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York in the USA in 1913. But it is not only the dollar that has declined in value, all major currencies have lost 97-99% against gold since 1913. Until 1971 the US dollar was backed by gold. Since Nixon abolished the gold backing, money printing started in earnest and in the last 41 years the dollar lost 98% in real terms . Egon von Greyerz: Founder and managing Partner of Matterhorn Asset Managment AG & GoldSwitzerlan  - EvG forecasted the current present problems in the world economy over 12 years ago. In 2002 when gold was $300 per ounce, MAM recommended to its investors to put 50% of their investment assets into physical gold stored outside the banking system. Egon von Greyerz started his working life in Geneva as a banker and thereafter spent 17 years as Finance Director and Executive Vice-Chairman of a FTSE 100 company in the UK. Since the 1990s EvG has been actively involved with financial investment activities including Mergers and Acquisitions and Asset allocation consultancy for private family funds. This led to the creation of Matterhorn Asset Management an asset management company based on wealth preservation principles. The GoldSwitzerland Division was created to facilitate the buying and storage of physical gold and silver for private investors, companies, trusts and pension funds. EvG makes regular media appearances such as on CNBC, BBC and King World News and speaks at investment conferences around the world. He also publishes articles on precious metals, the world economy and wealth preservation. About author

ARTICLE

73   GOLD , KWN King World News 
Here is a look a China's stunning global game-changer and why gold will skyrocket as it anchors the new monetary system. 
Stephen Leeb: 'I've talked before about a key distinction between money and wealth. It goes hand in hand with another important distinction, between 'wants' and 'needs.' Together these two pairs of distinctions go a long way towards explaining why the West is losing ground to the East, in a momentous shift that will underpin the big bull market in gold that lies ahead… IMPORTANT: To find out which high-grade silver mining company billionaire Eric Sprott just purchased a nearly 20% stake in and learn why he believes this is one of the most exciting silver stories in the world  - CLICK HERE OR BELOW: Sponsored 
Today, as it has been doing for decades, the West is focused on money and on wants. The East is focused on wealth and on needs. And that gives the East a big leg up in the contest to gain control of the world's future. Is there any possibility the West can still revamp its priorities and steer a better course? As I note below, I think there is, but it's getting very late in the game. 
Let's look at what these somewhat abstract concepts mean in concrete terms, starting with the military arena. If a major power could provide its military with everything it wants , it would likely seek to have a force that spans the globe, that can defend against all threats, and that if necessary can quell or conquer any prospective enemy — i.e., it would be cast very much in the mold of the U.S. military. These goals are a lot more expansive  - and expensive  - than a nation's basic military needs, which come down to protection and security. 
China is focused on these basic military needs and isn't getting distracted by more grandiose 'wants.' From cyber security to land, sea, and air protection, China is clearly putting needs ahead of wants. 
The Game-Changer: China's J-20 Recently, for example, China showed off its newest stealth plane, the J-20, whose range is somewhat limited but whose maneuverability within its range is extraordinary. China's (and Russia's) land-based hypersonic missiles, while also having a limited range, have the ability to take down an aircraft carrier that ventures into waters they claim for their own. 
Similarly in the realm of underwater protection, China earlier this year showcased its new stealth submarine. While its exact specs remain secret, it's clear from the design that the new underwater vessel is a quantum jump from earlier models. It's undetectable and capable of firing vertical missiles at any unwanted intruder. 
The point is that while by many measures the West's military is mightier, the East has a military better designed to meet a country's basic needs in today's world  - especially when you include cyber security, which too often is still viewed as just a footnote to a nation's military arsenal. The cyber area is one place where it is very difficult to have a defense. A powerful defense is also a monster offense. Just the fact that Eastern (Chinese and Russian) control of cyber space could upset the most vital liberty in the West, the right to a fair election, is a clarion call that the West has not met its basic needs in dealing with security threats. This is particularly shameful given that a mere decade ago we had what seemed like a nearly insurmountable lead in vital technologies such as super computers. 
This brings me to the second distinction, between wealth and money. The West outspends the East by more than two to one on its military. But the West's lack of focus on real wealth, ranging from vital commodities to information technologies, is a massive Achilles heel. In addition to cyber, the Army's chief futurist, Lt. General H.R. McMaster, has said that within the next decade Russia will have surpassed the U.S. in three of 10 critical military areas, will equal us in six, and will lag in only one. And that's just Russia; it doesn't take China's role into account. The point: all our money can't buy us military dominance unless we make sure we fully satisfy critical needs. 
The East Moving To Have Monetary System Anchored By Gold The East's military position is important beyond providing it security against physical and virtual threats. America's preeminence in every sphere has long been based on our military dominance. It's why the dollar has been so sought after. Once our military dominance is in doubt, it will hasten the move from a dollar-based monetary system to one anchored by gold, which is the East's goal. Prices Of Base Metals (London Metals Exchange) 
On the economic issues, you only need to look at the attached chart to know that in this area, too, China is doing something right. The chart presents six base commodities  - zinc, copper, aluminum, lead, tin, and nickel  - and shows that from their lows in mid-January, they have climbed nearly 25 percent. Clearly these gains come not on the back of the anemic West but must be credited to the much peppier conditions in the East. 
Admittedly some of these gains may come from stockpiling. Indeed, Chinese stockpiling is across the board with oil imports setting records and even iron ore imports at historically high levels. Such commodities constitute real wealth, as opposed to mere money, and China's accumulation of them is certainly part of the reason China will export about $1 trillion to the Silk Road this year. 
As Bloomberg reported recently, Ratna Sahay, acting director of the IMF's Monetary and Capital Markets Department, visited various Chinese banks, which the West widely believes will be at the heart of a coming seismic shock to the world's economies. Ms. Sahay's conclusion: 'The fundamental issues that they need to tackle are the loss-making corporates and excess capacity. When you solve that issue, the other problems will start diminishing.' 
The rise in base commodities traced in the chart is also powerful evidence that the issue of excess capacity is being addressed big time. That the government continues to rid the red-inked state-owned enterprises (SOE's) of corruption, force the worst of them into bankruptcy, and require others to merge, is compelling evidence that China is doing exactly what it needs to do. 
The Price Of The Monetary Anchor (Gold) To Skyrocket China is clearly preparing to dominate this century by maintaining a laser-like focus on needs and wealth. And to risk sounding like a broken record, one of the most sought-after sources of wealth is gold along with other precious metals. These will be at the heart of the monetary system, maybe at first in the East but eventually, worldwide. Regardless, as the East develops, the price of the monetary anchor (gold) will skyrocket. Dreams of five-digit gold and three-digit silver are coming ever closer to reality. 
Finally, I don't think it's too late for the West, but it won't be easy. For anyone curious about what really separates East from West, I'd recommend reading the work of the redoubtable Richard Nisbett, now an emeritus chaired professor at the University of Michigan. He points to critical learned differences in thinking between East and West. I firmly believe that for the two centuries ended in the early 1970s, the West combined the best of these different modes of thinking. And this means we are not doomed. It's not a question of genetic wiring. We just need to fervently hope that whoever is elected President on Tuesday is up to the task of getting us back to the mindset that had made us perhaps the greatest nation that ever was.' ***KWN has now released the extraordinary audio interview with Egon von Greyerz, where he gives KWN listeners a look what is really happening behind the scenes globally and in the gold market, and you can listen to it by CLICKING HERE OR ON THE IMAGE BELOW. 
***ALSO RELEASED: The Destiny Of The World CLICK HERE. 
© 2015 by King World News®. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. However, linking directly to the articles is permitted and encouraged. About author

ARTICLE

53 Views November 06, 2016 GOLD , KWN King World News 
Today a legend who was asked by the Chinese government to give a speech to government officials in China, spoke with King World News about the bear raid taking place in the gold and silver markets. 
Eric King: 'John, we are seeing another raid in the gold and silver markets, which are getting hit in early trading — your thoughts.' 
John Ing: 'It's important, Eric, to make the distinction between physical gold and paper gold. Just like we are seeing now, from time-to-time the paper gold market swamps the physical gold market, but amazingly the physical gold market seems to keep edging up and helping the longer-term upward trend of the gold price… IMPORTANT: To hear which legend just spoke with KWN about $8,000 gold and the coming mania in the gold, silver, and mining shares markets CLICK HERE OR ON THE IMAGE BELOW. 
John Ing continues: 'Sure we get these high-frequency trades to the downside every now and then, but it's becoming more and more difficult to push the price of gold lower. 
Russia Adding To Its Gold Hoard What we are seeing is steady accumulation of physical gold. For example, recently Russia added 13 tonnes of gold to their growing hoard in the month of September. In fact, the Russians have now been purchasing gold for 20 months in a row. 
China's Relentless Gold Demand Continues We also have China, who continues to be a large buyer. In fact, imports of gold were up 9 percent in the month of September. Eric, the problem is that everybody tends to look at the numbers out of China but they really don't know how to interpret them. As an example, the most important thing in the recently released figures is the fact that the banks in China across the board continue to be buyers of physical gold. This data is supported by the Shanghai Gold Exchange, which is now the largest physical gold market in the world. 
India's Gold Demand Soars A Staggering 25 Percent! But despite the shenanigans in the paper gold market, the bears are pushing against the seasonal strength of India and Diwali. In fact, India's physical gold demand was up a staggering 25 percent! So yes, there has been steady, steady physical gold demand. 
Against this very strong physical gold backdrop there have been a lot fewer physical supplies of gold. We have just seen in the last quarter that there were mixed results for the producers. We have seen many companies encountering production problems. That tells me that even at the higher price of gold, some of these mining companies are still having difficulty. This negatively affects the total annual gold production. In fact, next year I am looking for lower production from a lot of these producers. So that will further tighten an already strained physical market. 
Gold Bears May Get Torched Here In closing, keep in mind what I said in my latest piece (on KWN), that we will see an overnight $100 spike in the price of gold if Donald Trump wins the election. In the event that the bears are caught on the wrong side of that trade, they will experience tremendous pain.' 
***KWN has now released the extraordinary audio interview with Egon von Greyerz, where he gives KWN listeners a look what is really happening behind the scenes globally and in the gold market, and you can listen to it by CLICKING HERE OR ON THE IMAGE BELOW. 
***ALSO RELEASED: The Destiny Of The World CLICK HERE. 
© 2015 by King World News®. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. However, linking directly to the articles is permitted and encouraged. About author

ARTICLE

31 Views November 07, 2016 GOLD , KWN King World News 
As investors await the outcome of tomorrow's election, a former associate of George Soros just warned King World News about what is going 'to send the world into total chaos .' 
Victor Sperandeo manages over $3 billion, has been in the business 45 years, and has worked with famous individuals such as Leon Cooperman and George Soros. Below is what Sperandeo had to say . 
Victor Sperandeo: 'The days of low interest rates are over. This is very important for people to understand, Eric. There will be no more lowering of interest rates and QEs… IMPORTANT: To find out which company the richest man in China has invested in, one that Rick Rule and Sprott Asset Management are pounding the table on that is quickly being recognized as one of the greatest investment opportunities in the world  - CLICK HERE OR BELOW: Sponsored 
Victor Sperandeo continues: 'There is still some leftover QE. England and the EU still have some but once that is over, that's it. That game is finished. It didn't work. So they are now going to fiscal policy and infrastructure spending because they believe this will keep them in power. 
With that said, last week Larry Summers said the Fed has to give up their independence. He said the Treasury has to effectively sell to the Fed and the Fed will print the money and return it to the Treasury. And so he backed up what Rosenberg was saying about the multi-trillion dollar scheme. Eric, this is pure printing of money, but t he theory is that because people don't directly get that money, it won't create hyperinflation. But when this begins, this will be the beginning of when serious inflation will come back. 
The Beginning Of The End Of The U.S. Dollar I don't believe this will work in the United States if Trump wins. If Hillary wins it is 100 percent guaranteed that it is going to be implemented. If this does happen you will get a huge amount of government spending that is going to juice the economy. But it will be the prelude to hyperinflation. So that is going to be the coming world event that will be the beginning of the end for the U.S. dollar. 
And if you remember, gold was the hedge against serious inflation in the 1970s (see remarkable chart below). 
In fact, from 1970 to 1980 gold compounded at a staggering 31.5 percent a year! I have never seen anything compound over a 10-year period at that rate. That's astronomical. Just to put that in perspective, if gold went to $10,000 today it would only have compounded 22 percent over that same time frame. 
A World In Total Chaos And yet when you look at what is happening today, we have a global depression with the banking system blowing up. Look at Deutsche Bank, it has $46 trillion in derivatives and the bank is only valued at $18 billion. That is insane (laughter). Regardless, gold will act as a hedge and the price of gold will skyrocket because paper will be printed to the point where it's worthless. And as the hyperinflation unfolds, it will send the world into total chaos and people need to be prepared for that.' 
  Look At What Is Unfolding In China And Other Key Regions Right Now  

ARTICLE

41 Views November 07, 2016 GOLD , KWN King World News 
With stocks surging along with the U.S. dollar and gold and silver getting hit, here is a look at what is unfolding in China and other key regions right now. 
Here is a portion of what Peter Boockvar wrote today as the world awaits the next round of monetary madness: It IS the best of times, it IS the worst of times, it is the age of wisdom, it is the age of foolishness, it is the epoch of belief, it is the epoch of incredulity, it is the season of light, it is the season of darkness, it is the spring of hope, it is the winter of despair, we have everything before us, we have nothing before us, (I switched the Tale of Two Cities lines from Was to Is and to Have from Had), etc… The former because the most bizarre and embarrassing presidential campaign in our life time is about to end. The latter because someone is going to win… IMPORTANT: To find out which company Doug Casey, Rick Rule and Sprott Asset Management are pounding the table on that already has a staggering 18.1 million ounces of gold that just added another massive deposit and is quickly being recognized as one of the greatest gold opportunities in the world  - CLICK HERE OR BELOW: Sponsored 
In terms of the market and its possible response on Wednesday, today's reaction to the FBI news is obvious evidence that market participants have wrapped up the world in a nice and easy box. Hillary wins, good for stocks. Trump wins, bad for stocks. But, anyone who thinks deeper than this knows that the response is going to be much more nuanced. Ask any owner of a healthcare, financial or defense stock. Ask any business person who cares about taxes, regulation and global trade. Also, no matter who wins, the FOMC will be most likely raising interest rates again next month just as the economy has slowed to a 1.5% growth rate. And lastly, who's going to win the Senate? 
Over the 9 day market losing streak, the S&P 500 lost just 66 pts, thus this morning's rally in the S&P futures is retracing almost half of that loss. 
China's FX reserves continued to shrink in October. It's pile now stands at $3.12T, down $66b m/o/m and was $12b less than expected. This level was last seen in 2011 and is now down $870b from its peak in 2014. Some of the decline is certainly outright outflows but some is the impact from valuation changes of the US dollar that rallied against many currencies in the China basket in October. I saw one estimate that said almost $30b of the decline was FX valuation related and about $10-15b was due to PBOC intervention. The dollar rallied about 1.5% against the yuan in October. China is fighting economic battles on many fronts. The War is the massive debt burden they now carry. The daily battles are how to keep growth continuing, how to transition the economy away from huge investments, and how to manage orderly weakness in its currency in the face of the fog of its debt war. The yuan is lower while the Shanghai comp index was up slightly. The H share index jumped 1.2% and the Hang Seng was up by .7% but property stocks in Hong Kong got slammed after Friday's announcement of a hike in the stamp tax to 15% (from 8.5% for residents) for all purchases of residential housing except for 1st time buyers that are full time residents. The Hong Kong housing market is in an epic bubble. 
A few days after BoJ Governor Kuroda basically waved the white towel on achieving his 2% inflation obsession, the Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare said base earnings for Japanese workers in September grew .4% y/o/y vs a .3% gain in August. It was 1997 the last time wage growth was 1% and it was 1994 the last time it saw 2%. Thus, it is a good thing Kuroda is waving that towel because he would have greatly damaged the standard of living of his citizenry. Of course all central bankers believe that higher wages come with higher inflation but theory doesn't always work in practice. 
  Legend Says Bears Attacking Gold & Silver Markets May Get Torched Here  

ARTICLE

10 Views November 07, 2016 GOLD , KWN King World News 
As the world awaits the outcome of the election in the United States, buckle up for some rough times. 
James Turk: 'Everybody who I speak with here in London, Eric, asks me about the US election. I've never seen anything like the amount of interest it has sparked. Without any doubt the election has grabbed the attention of people from around the world… Sponsored 
An attorney friend I was speaking to the other day called it a remarkable event. I said it had become more like a spectacle than an event. There have been so many twists and turns, it is hard to keep track of all of them. But the stock market seems to relaying a consistent message. 
The S&P dropped 9 consecutive days after the FBI announced it had found more Clinton emails, and that it was re-opening its investigation. Today the stock market is soaring as a result of the FBI's announcement this weekend that there was nothing new in this latest bundle of emails. 
Of course, no one really knows what, if any, the impact has been or will be on the final counting of the votes. I don't rely on the polls, as the mainstream media seems to use them more for massaging public opinion than to offer an unbiased result. 
The Brexit Surprise And the record of polls is poor in any case. Just a few months ago the polls here in the UK said Brexit would be voted down. 
Normally I do rely on the forecasting ability of the stock market for many things. But not this time. The stock market does not reflect the majority of Americans, most of whom do not own stocks. 
It is pretty clear what the stock market is saying. A Clinton victory will be good for stocks, and that a Trump victory would be bad for stocks. But the real situation is not likely to reflect such a simple theory. 
There are just too many unpredictable factors. Nevertheless, we do need to be thinking about what happens after the election, regardless of the outcome. 
In this regard, we have to recognize that there is no magic wand that will solve the country's problems just because there is a new president, which explains in part why I remain so bullish on the precious metals. 
In 1913 A Monster Was Created Ever since the creation of the Federal Reserve in 1913, the dollar's purchasing power has been headed downhill. There are of course occasional upward bounces along this downward path, some of which last for months or even years. But slowly and surely the purchasing power of the dollar is being eroded away. 
Importantly, that decline of the dollar is not likely to change regardless who gets elected. So how does one protect their wealth from this ongoing debasement of the dollar? 
This answer is simple. Own tangible things that are useful. Don't rely on financial assets that are based on promises. In other words, the strategy to protect your wealth  - your purchasing power  - is to own tangible assets and avoid financial assets. So own things like gold, silver, farmland, mines and other tangible assets of value. Avoid assets like bank deposits, T-bills and bonds. And buckle up for some rough sailing ahead, regardless who wins.' 
***KWN has now released the extraordinary audio interview with Egon von Greyerz, where he gives KWN listeners a look what is really happening behind the scenes globally and in the gold market, and you can listen to it by CLICKING HERE OR ON THE IMAGE BELOW. 
***ALSO RELEASED: ALERT: Former Soros Just Warned This Is Going To Send The World Into Total Chaos CLICK HERE. 
© 2015 by King World News®. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. However, linking directly to the articles is permitted and encouraged. About author

ARTICLE

43 Views November 08, 2016 GOLD , KWN King World News 
On election day, today John Embry told King World News that the greatest wealth transfer in history nears as the 'Deep State' is now pulling out all the stops. 
'Deep State' Desperation John Embry: 'Eric, mercifully election day in the U.S. has finally arrived to put an end to the ugly spectacle which has been billed as the presidential campaign. The capper came on Monday, when in response to the FBI ending its investigation of Hillary Clintons email transgressions, the Dow magically rallied back to 18,200, a level which had been defended for months by the powers that be… Continue reading the John Embry interview below… Advertisement To hear what billionaire Eric Sprott & Rick Rule are doing with their own money and which $7 billion company John Embry & Dr. Marc Faber oversee click on the logo: 
John Embry continues: ' Simultaneously gold and silver were viciously attacked, while virtually every other asset category, including oil and copper, which incidentally have terrible fundamentals, rose in price. This represents business as usual as the 'Deep State' pulls out all stops to have their candidate Hillary Clinton elected. 
I suspect that in the fullness of time Monday will be seen as one of the most ridiculous days in market history, irrespective of who wins the election. The sad fact is that the U.S. problems now run so deep that no president has any ability at this stage to address the situation and bring back the good old days of sustainable growth and containable inflation. I believe that we are going to see rising inflation in conjunction with a steadily weakening economy as the staggering debt load takes its inevitable toll. 
I laughed when I saw the headlines in the New York Times and the London Financial Times in the wake of last week's lousy jobs numbers, which incidentally would have been a whole lot worse if they weren't so heavily doctored. The New York Times headline screamed, 'Unemployment Hits 2008 Low, Wages Increase.' The FT stated, 'Wage Data Underlines Solid Jobs Market As Poll Nears.' These newspapers are now so compromised that they shouldn't be referred to as newspapers, but rather government propaganda machines. The old Soviet Pravda operation would be green with envy. In reality, U.S. federal government tax withholdings are now falling, giving a much better indication of the true state of the U.S. economy. 
The sharp fall in gold and silver on Monday provided yet another excellent buying opportunity. But irrespective of who is the next U.S. president, both metals will be heading sharply higher as financial reality overtakes the present pre-election fantasy. I would echo James Turk's excellent advice on KWN yesterday when he said, 'Own   assets.' I believe he is dead right, and as I've said many times, before this saga is over we are going to witness the greatest wealth transfer in history and one best be on the right side of that transaction.' 
  As The World Awaits The U.S. Election Outcome, Buckle Up For Some Rough Times  

ARTICLE

8 Views November 08, 2016 GOLD , KWN King World News 
As the world awaits the outcome of the election in the United States, some time ago multi-billionaire Hugo Salinas Price told King World News in stunning fashion what he believes to be the frightening plan to control the world going forward. He described the people planning this as 'barbarians,' and said, 'this is not going to end well.' He also issued this ominous warning, 'I have very serious doubts about the survival of our civilization under such people.' Below is what the multi-billionaire had to say in this incredibly powerful interview. 
These People Are 'Barbarians' Hugo Salinas Price: 'With regards to the social question in the world, in 1929 a Spanish thinker by the name of Ortega y Gasset wrote a book that really shook up the world titled, 'The Revolt of the Masses.' He was talking about the appearance on the world stage of new individuals. 
He was writing about the growth of the population and the appearance of new individuals coming in to the mass of humanity. And these individuals evidently are (what he described as) 'barbarians.'…. 'They came too suddenly to be educated, and for the knowledge of how to keep the Western way of life alive. These (barbarian) people have increased (in numbers), and now they have taken over power (in the world).' 
We Are Now In The Hands Of These Barbarians So now we are in the hands of 'barbarians.' They have no idea of how our society came to be, and what is necessary to keep it going. They are fiddling with the controls: You might think of a monkey flying a 747 (airplane) — they don't have any idea what they are doing. And this is not going to end well with the barbarians at the controls… IMPORTANT: To find out which high-grade silver mining company billionaire Eric Sprott just purchased a nearly 20% stake in and learn why he believes this is one of the most exciting silver stories in the world  - CLICK HERE OR BELOW: Sponsored 
Hugo Salinas Price continues: ' We don't have people who write books in power any more. I remember when a Prime Minister of England was a skilled musician and wrote books before he became Prime Minister. Where do we have such people in power today? We don't have scholars or people with a true background of education, history, economics and politics. 
'I Have Serious Doubts About The Survival Of Our Civilization' They are all working on the spur of the moment. They are experimenting to see if this works and that works. And I have very serious doubts about the survival of our civilization under such people. I expect that a great crisis is coming. We are going to see a great separation and some people are just not going to make it, and the old truths are going to come back into fashion because of the need for survival.' 
Hugo Salinas Price also added: 'I think we are going to see a series of bankruptcies. I think the (eventual) rise in interest rates is the fatal sign which is going to ignite a derivatives crisis. This is going to bring down the derivatives system (and the financial system). 
'It's Not Going To Be A Very Pleasant World' There are (over) one quadrillion dollars of derivatives and most of them are related to interest rates. The spiking of interest rates in the United States may set that off. What is going to happen in the world is eventually we are going to come to a moment where there is going to be massive bankruptcies around the globe. 
What is going to be left after the dust settles is gold, and some people are going to have it and some people are not. Then the problem is going to be to hold on to what you've got because it's not going to be a very pleasant world.' 
***KWN has now released the extraordinary audio interview with Egon von Greyerz, where he gives KWN listeners a look what is really happening behind the scenes globally and in the gold market, and you can listen to it by CLICKING HERE OR ON THE IMAGE BELOW. 
***ALSO RELEASED: The Greatest Wealth Transfer In History Nears As 'Deep State' Now Pulling Out All The Stops CLICK HERE. 
© 2015 by King World News®. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. However, linking directly to the articles is permitted and encouraged. About author

ARTICLE

The Richest Man.., Considered, Invested In One U.S.-Based Company  - CNL! CONTINENTAL GOLD (TSX: CNL; OTCQX: CGOOF) is a well-funded advanced-stage exploration and development company focused on becoming a leading gold producer in Colombia. The Company´s 100% owned flagship Buriticá project is a large and high-grade gold deposit located 75 km northwest from Medellín. Continental´s management team has proven experience in permitting, financing and building precious metal mines in Latin America. The Company is dedicated to maximizing shareholder value while working to the highest standards of community commitment and environmental defensiveness. Symbol CNL on the TSX and CGOOF in the United States. CONTACT THE COMPANY DIRECTLY t o get more information by calling ( 416) 583-5610 or email [email protected] . Continental Gold which has one of the highest grade gold deposits in the entire world. The company's flagship high grade gold and silver project Buritica, has extremely high 97 and 95% recovery rates for gold and silver. Buritica has gold resources of 2.97 million ounces measured and indicated and 4.4 million ounces inferred with grades averaging nearly 10 grams per ton of gold equivalent, which includes high-grade silver resources. The company has high priority targets being drilled at Buritica and a portfolio of other potential high-grade exploration projects and all projects are 100% owned. Continental Gold has roughly $100 million of cash in the bank and management also owns roughly 16% of the company. Continental Gold, symbol CNL in Canada and CGOOF in the US. 
Continental Gold (TSX:CNL; OTCQX:CGOOF) is an advanced-stage exploration and development company focused on maximizing shareholder value by becoming the leading gold producer in Colombia. 
Why Continental Gold? 
Continental Gold is an advanced-stage exploration and development company focused on maximizing shareholder value and committed to the highest standards of community and environmental responsibility. The Company´s 100%-owned flagship Buriticá project is a large high-grade gold deposit located 75 km northwest from Medellín, Colombia. On February 24, 2016, the Company announced the results of an independent Feasibility Study for the Buriticá project. Utilizing a gold price of $1,200/ounce, a silver price of $15/ounce and a US$:COP exchange rate of 1:2,850, the base case scenario resulted in an after-tax net present value at a 5% discount (NPV5) of $860 million, an internal rate of return (IRR) of 31.2% and payback of 2.3 years. 
What Differentiates Continental Gold? 
The Company´s 100%-owned flagship high-grade Buriticá project is a rare combination of size, grade, straightforward metallurgy, excellent infrastructure and growth potential. On February 24, 2016, the Company released the results of an independent Feasibility Study that indicates the Buriticá project will be a lowest quartile cost producer and an economically robust mine with modest initial capital expenditure. Once in production, Buriticá has the potential to approximately double the legal production of gold in Colombia and become the largest single gold mine in the country. 
In association with various government entities in Colombia, the Company was the first in the country to formalize small-scale mining associations, paving the way for the implementation of legal and responsible small-scale mining operations at the Buriticá project. In addition, the Company has operated a 30 tpd small-scale operating mine at Buriticá since 1992 and is one of the largest employers in northwestern Antioquia, employing over 300 people. The Company focuses on providing a safe working environment and partnering with the local communities on key social projects. 
ARI SUSSMAN  - CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER  - Ari Sussman has over 15 years of experience in both the natural resources and investment markets sectors. Having dedicated the majority of his career to the natural resources industry, Mr. Sussman has been instrumental in sourcing, funding and developing high-quality mineral assets. During his career, Mr. Sussman has built a strong network of business contacts throughout Latin America, and in the past decade has raised over $500 million for various resource companies Association. MATEO RESTREPO  - PRESIDENT  - Mr. Restrepo was Vice-President of Corporate Affairs at Prodeco Group (a Glencore subsidiary), Colombia's third largest thermal coal producer, where he was responsible for managing the company's key relationships with the Colombian government, non-government organizations, and national and local stakeholders proximal to its operations. He was also Director of the Colombian Office of Grupo Salinas  - Banco Azteca of Mexico, where he played a pivotal role in the process of licensing and setting up operations in Colombia. Mr. Restrepo has held various positions with the Colombian Government, including Senior Counselor to the President of Colombia on Economic Recovery (2009-2010) and Advisor to the Presidency of Colombia (2005-2008). Born in Medellín, Colombia, Mr. Restrepo holds a Master in Public Administration from Harvard University and a Bachelor of Business Administration from Berkeley College.

ARTICLE

39 Views November 09, 2016 GOLD , KWN King World News 
In the aftermath of what is being called the 'greatest upset in political history,' Donald Trump has been elected the next president of the United States and this has markets in shock across the globe. What Trump Promised In His Speech Is Extremely Important In Trump's speech he discussed 'rebuilding America's infrastructure' and making it 'second to none.' The reason this is so important is because Trump has essentially confirmed the recent proposal for the Fed to print trillions of dollars, which will then be given to the U.S. Treasury to spend on rebuilding America's crumbling infrastructure. This will not only juice the American economy and create a great many jobs, but it will also be extremely bullish for the gold market over the long-term… A GREAT OPPORTUNITY: To find out which company is set to become one of the highest grade producing gold mines on the planet and is one of the greatest precious metals investment opportunities in the world CLICK HERE OR BELOW: Sponsored At one point the price of gold surged over $60 as it became clear that Donal Trump would be the next president of the United States. Although it has now pulled back and the dollar has bounced a bit, this has clearly not been a good result for the gold bears, who were heavily short the metal before the election results were announced. Silver also surged nearly 70 cents, breaking above $19 before pulling back. With regards to the trillions of dollars that will be injected into the U.S. economy, former Soros associate Victor Sperandeo, who oversees more than $3 billion, told KWN: 'Eric, this is pure printing of money, but the theory is that because people don't directly get that money, it won't create hyperinflation. But when this begins, this will be the beginning of when serious inflation will come back. If this does happen you will get a huge amount of government spending that is going to juice the economy. But it will be the prelude to hyperinflation. So that is going to be the coming world event that will be the beginning of the end for the U.S. dollar.' Sperandeo then issued this bone-chilling warning: And as the hyperinflation unfolds, it will send the world into total chaos and people need to be prepared for that.' One thing is clear, a Donald Trump America will look very different than what the U.S. has looked like for the past 8 years. The question is, how much of a difference can a president make with the United States' fiscal state in such a desperate situation? Regardless, like Brexit, this was definitely not what the elite had planned and it really was the greatest upsets in political history. 
***KWN has now released the extraordinary audio interview with Egon von Greyerz, where he gives KWN listeners a look what is really happening behind the scenes globally and in the gold market, and you can listen to it by CLICKING HERE OR ON THE IMAGE BELOW. 
***ALSO RELEASED: Multi-Billionaire Hugo Salinas Price  - I Have Serious Doubts About The Survival Of Our Civilization CLICK HERE. 
© 2015 by King World News®. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. However, linking directly to the articles is permitted and encouraged. About author

ARTICLE

From Bloomberg: London-based gold dealer Sharps Pixley Ltd. is running out of bars and coins as buying surges after Donald Trump won the U.S. presidency. The company's store, a short walk from Buckingham Palace, has arranged emergency imports of Britannia coins and kilogram (2.2 pound) bars to meet demand. 'We keep running out of product — we've had to increase our credit lines to allow us to keep more stock on site,' Norman said, keeping a customer waiting on another line. 'Swamped!' The reality is that trading volumes have skyrocketed across the globe. In other words, physical gold demand is off the charts right now. It will be very interesting to see how long the central banks can restrain the price of gold in light of the skyrocketing physical demand. 
***KWN has now released the extraordinary audio interview with Egon von Greyerz, where he gives KWN listeners a look what is really happening behind the scenes globally and in the gold market, and you can listen to it by CLICKING HERE OR ON THE IMAGE BELOW. 
***ALSO JUST RELEASED: Gold Spikes Over $60 Before Pulling Back After Trump Upset Shocks The World! But Here Is The Real Shocker… CLICK HERE. 
© 2015 by King World News®. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. However, linking directly to the articles is permitted and encouraged. About author

ARTICLE

40 Views November 09, 2016 GOLD , KWN King World News 
Today former U.S. Treasury Secretary just warned that Trump could be assassinated. 
(King World News) Former U.S. Treasury Secretary Dr. Paul Craig Roberts: The US presidential election is historic, because the American people were able to defeat the oligarchs. Hillary Clinton, an agent for the Oligarchy, was defeated despite the vicious media campaign against Donald Trump. This shows that the media and the political establishments of the political parties no longer have credibility with the American people… SPEAKING OF GOLD… To find out which company is set to become one of the highest grade producing gold mines on the planet and is one of the greatest precious metals investment opportunities in the world CLICK HERE OR BELOW: Sponsored 
Dr. Paul Craig Roberts continues: It remains to be seen whether Trump can select and appoint a government that will serve him and his goals to restore American jobs and to establish friendly and respectful relations with Russia, China, Syria, and Iran. 
Will The Elite Make A Move Against Trump? It also remains to be seen how the Oligarchy will respond to Trump's victory. Wall Street and the Federal Reserve can cause an economic crisis in order to put Trump on the defensive, and they can use the crisis to force Trump to appoint one of their own as Secretary of the Treasury. Rogue agents in the CIA and Pentagon can cause a false flag attack that would disrupt friendly relations with Russia. Trump could make a mistake and retain neoconservatives in his government. 
With Trump there is at least hope. Unless Trump is obstructed by bad judgment in his appointments and by obstacles put in his way, we should expect an end to Washington's orchestrated conflict with Russia, the removal of the US missiles on Russia's border with Poland and Romania, the end of the conflict in Ukraine, and the end of Washington's effort to overthrow the Syrian government. However, achievements such as these imply the defeat of the US Oligarchy. Although Trump defeated Hillary, the Oligarchy still exists and is still powerful. 
Trump said that he no longer sees the point of NATO 25 years after the Soviet collapse. If he sticks to his view, it means a big political change in Washington's EU vassals. The hostility toward Russia of the current EU and NATO officials would have to cease. German Chancellor Merkel would have to change her spots or be replaced. NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg would have to be dismissed. 
We do not know who Trump will select to serve in his government. It is likely that Trump is unfamiliar with the various possibilities and their positions on issues. It really depends on who is advising Trump and what advice they give him. Once we see his government, we will know whether we can be hopeful for the changes that now have a chance. 
Trump Could Be Assassinated If the oligarchy is unable to control Trump and he is actually successful in curbing the power and budget of the military/security complex and in holding the financial sector politically accountable, Trump could be assassinated. 
Trump said that he will put Hillary in prison. He should first put her on trial for treason and war crimes along with all of the neoconservatives. That would clear the decks for peace with the other two major nuclear powers over whom the neoconservatives seek hegemony. Although the neoconservatives would still have contacts in the hidden deep state, it would make it difficult for the vermin to organize false flag operations or an assassination. Rogue elements in the military/security complex could still bring off an assassination, but without neocons in the government a coverup would be more difficult. 
Trump has more understanding and insight than his opponents realize. For a man such as Trump to risk acquiring so many powerful enemies and to risk his wealth and reputation, he had to have known that the people's dissatisfaction with the ruling establishment meant he could be elected president. 
We won't know what to expect until we see who are the Secretaries and Assistant Secretaries. If it is the usual crowd, we will know Trump has been captured. 
The Discredited Mainstream Media A happy lasting result of the election is the complete discrediting of the US media. The media predicted an easy Hillary victory and even Democratic Party control of the US Senate. Even more important to the media's loss of influence and credibility, despite the vicious media attack on Trump throughout the presidential primaries and presidential campaign, the media had no effect outside the Northeast and West coasts, the stomping grounds of the One Percent. The rest of the country ignored the media. 
I did not think the Oligarchy would allow Trump to win. However, it seems that the oligarchs were deceived by their own media propaganda. Assured that Hillary was the sure winner, they were unprepared to put into effect plans to steal the election. 
Hillary is down, but not the Oligarchs. If Trump is advised to be conciliatory, to hold out his hand, and to take the establishment into his government, the American people will again be disappointed. In a country whose institutions have been so completely corrupted by the Oligarchy, it is difficult to achieve real change without bloodshed. ***ALSO JUST RELEASED: After Trump Shocker, One Market Is In Freefall! And What Is Happening In The Gold Market Is Unbelievable! CLICK HERE. 
***KWN has now released the extraordinary audio interview with Egon von Greyerz, where he gives KWN listeners a look what is really happening behind the scenes globally and in the gold market, and you can listen to it by CLICKING HERE OR ON THE IMAGE BELOW. 
© 2015 by King World News®. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. However, linking directly to the articles is permitted and encouraged. About author

ARTICLE

25 Views November 10, 2016 GOLD , KWN King World News 
For people who are worried about Druckenmiller selling his gold… 
Before we get to Druckenmiller selling his gold, look at the collapse in the 30-year bond market as interest rates continue to surge! A picture is worth a thousand words… 30-Year U.S. Treasuries Continue To Plunge Today, Hitting New Lows! 
By Bill Fleckenstein President Of Fleckenstein Capital November 10 ( King World News )  - I am going to stick with yesterday's format and try to make sense of the market motion, then turn to the action lower in the column, and I'm doing this in response to all the questions I've been getting about how various markets can possibly do what they're doing, i.e., why are they behaving as they are… IMPORTANT: To find out which company Doug Casey, Rick Rule and Sprott Asset Management are pounding the table on that already has a staggering 18.1 million ounces of gold that just added another massive deposit and is quickly being recognized as one of the greatest gold opportunities in the world  - CLICK HERE OR BELOW: Sponsored 
Great Again: Well, That Didn't Take Long In the first place, let's be clear, this is all guesswork, and a lot of the motion is noise and the overlapping of extremely short-term time horizons with longer ones. Be that as it may, I will give it my best shot. What we have seen over the last 48 to 72 hours is a massive psychological sea-change — albeit, almost certainly temporary — from overwhelming pessimism to overwhelming optimism regarding the prospects for the U.S. economy and all things American. That has collided with fumes from QE here, and actual QE from other counties. Said differently, a massive change in psychology has collided with free money to spark euphoria, something that can generally only last a short time. 
As that begins to take place people begin to factor in all the things that can go right and very few of the things that can go wrong, though they don't handicap the amount of time it takes to accomplish said things, nor the degree of difficulty in accomplishing them. For instance, if Congress magically passed a $1 trillion infrastructure project, it would take quite a good deal of time to get the permits and design what needs to happen before the first shovels hit the dirt, so to speak. Not to say that the consequences of doing the project wouldn't be economically positive, but there is quite a long lag between planning to do it and actually starting it. 
That matters because, at the moment, the multiple on the stock market is very high (north of 20), and it is where it is because of zero-percent rates (and the ridiculous TINA rationale). As rates rise, that tends to put pressure on valuations while it potentially causes some TINA-driven buyers to think twice, especially if they start to lose money. Given my belief that the bond bull market is finished, and that a Trump administration would likely be very unfriendly to bonds, interest rates are headed higher, something that could really be exacerbated if people's perceptions about inflation change. 
Buy and Hold On? The bottom line is, given the valuation of the stock market and the likely decline in bonds, it will be rather difficult for the stock market to trade on the potential for good news long enough for the good news to hit. Therefore, it is quite likely this could be the final equity market blow-off, however far it may go, sort of matching the bond blow-off of last summer. 
There is some precedent for just this sort of stock market action, as something similar occurred right after Ronald Reagan was elected. I touched on this yesterday (and please don't send me any emails telling me Trump is not Reagan, I totally understand that), i.e., that we have a potential sea-change in psychology from a very negative macro outlook for the U.S. economy to one that is expected to be better. Again, that doesn't necessarily translate to higher equity prices, due to the impact of rising rates on the current level of valuations to consider. Nonetheless, after Reagan was elected there was about a two-week 10% rally in the S&P, which then reversed and a substantial decline ensued. 
I believe if and when the stock market rally finally is perceived to have ended we could see a lot of destruction very fast, given the brittle structure that I have talked about ad nauseam. And of course a reversal in the stock market would probably impact the dollar (and metals) and we might even get a kneejerk reaction in bonds. 
Taking Some 'You' Time Nearly all markets are currently in motion, so it is best to step back, try to figure out what is really going on, think about what you are looking for that would cause you to change any positions you have, but avoid taking any action unless you are fairly certain about what is happening and why. 
Beneath the surface of the stock market one can see that tech is being sold (that sector, especially FANG, has the highest multiples and therefore is the most vulnerable to a change in the bond market, plus a strong dollar hurts them), while 'Trump plays' are being purchased. I don't see how the market can readjust itself and really hold together because I don't think there will be enough buyers of tech to accommodate the sellers, and thus the market overall could easily come under pressure fairly soon, but we will just have to see how that plays out. 
WallStreet.com Basically, while we're in this period of quasi euphoria, the market for the moment is a concept stock, like biotech, and concept stocks don't generally bother having fundamentals, nor do people worry about them until they do, and then they decline drastically as a consequence of basically being binary. 
With all of that out of the way I will turn to the action. Overnight the SPOOs were about 0.75% higher and the market itself was higher in the early going. We then got a quick reversal both lower then back higher, at least for the Dow (the S&P was up fractionally). The Nasdaq, however, kept leaking. By day's end the former added over 1% while the latter lost 0.75%. 
Away from stocks, the euphoria playbook was in use and all the outside markets were very volatile, with green paper quite strong, while oil lost 1% and bonds were initially strong, then were beat up again. The 10-year lost another 8 basis points, as yields have now risen from 1.50% to 2.12% in five weeks. 
Precious metals gave up an overnight rally and were lower. Part of that was exacerbated by Stan Druckenmiller, who said he'd sold his gold into the election-night rally (I have covered that all in Ask Fleck). After going negative silver climbed back into positive territory, gaining 0.3%, while gold lost 1.5%. Included below are six questions and answers from the Q&A's with Bill Fleckenstein. Bonus Q&A Question: Hi Fleck  - Hope all is well and you are enjoying the interesting times we live in now. Forget Trump … let's talk about the Indian PM who has overnight banned large currency notes and is forcing people to deposit them in lieu of newer notes. I feel that this will help to thwart black money (nearly $2 Trillion) and terrorist activities (fake notes etc.) and will also curb real estate prices. But this could change how people view Gold even more. I suspect many Indians now are conducting transactions in Gold (or Crypto currencies such as Bitcoin) which could elevate Gold demand. Import of gold in the form of coins and medallions is prohibited. Ah well, another interesting bit of info in the ever changing times we live in. Narendra Modi Bans India's Largest Currency Bills in Bid to Cut Corruption Enjoy Answer from Fleck: ' I suspect this will boost gold demand, after the initial shakeout in a scramble for cash by real estate guys. How can anyone trust the government at all after this?' Question: Fleck, I find it odd that SLV has not broken it's Tuesday low, 11-8-16, while GLD has. Makes me believe that the down move in GLD is just 'noise' unless, or until, SLV closes below the Nov. 8th low. Is this how you 'analyze' price movement in the precious metal's complex; that is, waiting for all assets to show a confirmation in movement? Thanks Answer from Fleck: ' Silver is benefitting from being an 'industrial' metal, too. That is part of the concept that is working right now.' Question: Hey Bill, 
1. In theory Trump should be good for ‘main street' and I am wondering if this will cause inflation to tick higher? My inclination is that it will. 
2. In the overnight Gold futures market it seems to be trading strong and then loses that strength when the U.S. opens. My guess is that more spec. longs are unwinding and this should bring open interest down to a more normal level. I know you don't regard the COT data as too meaningful but if Gold holds above $1,200 while spec. long open interest declines, would this be a good set up for the next leg higher? 
Thanks! Answer from Fleck: ' 1. Yes, plus psychology is changing. 2. There are many scenarios that could be positive, not just yours.' Druckenmiller Sells His Gold Question: As far as I know Soros does trade his positions whereas Druckenmiller keeps his positions for some time. What do you make of Stan selling all his gold? 
[Speaking to CNBC this morning, fund manager Stanley Druckenmiller  - who had been pessimistic about the U.S. economy, said that he is now 'quite, quite optimistic' on the U.S. economy following the election of President-elect Donald Trump. 'It's as hopeful as I've been in a long time.' 
'I sold all my gold on the night of the election.' Why? 'All the reasons I owned it for the last couple of years seem to be ending', namely, expectations that inflation is now set to spike, forcing money out of safe assets  - like gold and Treasurys  - and into the dollar.] Answer from Fleck: ' Druck is a trader and investor. Please see the other post on this topic.' Question: In India the gold prices have doubled in few cities due to the currency note issue. Wall Street and the moron Drunkenmiller does not have a clue. Chinese demand will also accelerate due to yuan fall. Gold demand is spiking up in Asia all over. Out of touch Wall Street can control the gold prices only for few days. If this continues I will load up gold bars here in America to sell in India and rest of the Asia. There are enough rich people in India who want gold. Maybe 'Stan' should sell any coins left over to me. Answer from Fleck: ' You make worthwhile points about demand, but in the short run they can be 'trumped' by the herd for a little while.' Question: Interesting….I don't recall gold miners caring a hoot when Druckenmiller declared that he was long gold. Now that he says he's out (of gold), they obediently pay attention??? Answer from Fleck: ' LOL, for this five minutes.' *** To subscribe to Bill Fleckenstein's fascinating Daily Thoughts CLICK HERE. 
***KWN has now released the extraordinary audio interview with Egon von Greyerz, where he gives KWN listeners a look what is really happening behind the scenes globally and in the gold market, and you can listen to it by CLICKING HERE OR ON THE IMAGE BELOW. 
***ALSO JUST RELEASED: If You Are Worried About The Action In The Gold Market, Just Read This… CLICK HERE. 
© 2015 by King World News®. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. However, linking directly to the articles is permitted and encouraged. About author

ARTICLE

54 Views November 10, 2016 GOLD , KWN , KWN II King World News IMPORTANT: The King World News network communications have been attacked relentlessly today. All communications have been shut down for the network. KWN has 3 global networks it can join for communications and all three have been taken down for most of the day, including all phone lines. Is it a coincidence that this happened just after the election? Who knows? But if you are worried about the action in the gold market, just read this. 'Gold was not selected arbitrarily by governments to be the monetary standard. Gold had developed for many centuries on the free market as the best money; as the commodity providing the most stable and desirable monetary medium.' — Murray Rothbard By Ronald-Peter Stoeferle, Incrementum AG Liechtenstein November 10 ( King World New s)  - Gold And The Illusion Of Monetary Value 
Have you ever been to the Disney World Magic Kingdom in Florida? Or maybe you've drunk beer out of a glass boot at Oktoberfest? Or if you're not the type of person to spend your money on something so extravagant, you've probably at least bought a loaf of bread in your life? 
The reason I am asking these questions will become clear in a second. But first let's talk about the dollar… IMPORTANT: To hear which legend just spoke with KWN about $8,000 gold and the coming mania in the gold, silver, and mining shares markets CLICK HERE OR ON THE IMAGE BELOW. 
As consumers we are used to pricing goods in dollars (or whichever currency you use). However, using the dollar as a benchmark is less than ideal because it has lost more than 95% of its value over the last 100 years. In fact, most of the rise in prices over the last century can be attributed to a loss in the purchasing power of the dollar. Austrian economists take a different, and better, approach to measuring purchasing power, they use gold. 
After 1971 the growth in fiat money has outpaced the growth in gold production. As a result gold has protected investors in the long term against the loss of purchasing power caused by persistent money supply inflation. Rather than looking at higher gold prices as a gain in the precious metal's value, they should be seen as a consequence of monetary inflation. 
Even though the gold price in US dollar terms is currently not (yet) in the vicinity of its all time high, the data are clear: the price of gold in terms of the dollar has increased by a factor of 34 since 1971. In the long term the gold price is rising against every paper currency. 
The growth in the gold price is simply a side effect of monetary inflation. But how has this monetary growth affected our purchasing power? Most investors will know that the price of oil has grown considerably over the last decades, however if we price oil in real money, gold, the cost per barrel has remained surprisingly stable. 
In the chart below we show on the one hand the gold/oil ratio (i.e., how many barrels of oil can be bought with one ounce of gold), and on the other hand it shows the inverse of the oil price (i.e., how many units of oil can be bought with one US dollar). One can see that while the price of oil in terms of gold tends to be relatively stable over time and gold's purchasing power currently stands actually 40% above the level of 1971, the US dollar has lost has more than 95% of its purchasing power relative to oil over the same time period. 'For the naive mind there is something miraculous in the issuance of fiat money. A magic word spoken by the government creates out of nothing a thing which can be exchanged against any merchandise a man would like to get. How pale is the art of sorcerers, witches, and conjurors when compared with that of the government's Treasury Department!' — Ludwig von Mises 
Another instructive indicator is the price of bread measured in gold. The chart below shows historically how much bread you could buy for one dollar (blue histograms) vs. how much bread you could buy with an ounce of gold (gold line). Gold's purchasing power has remained stable, while the amount of bread you could buy with one dollar has decreased drastically. 
The contrast between the purchasing power of gold and paper money becomes especially obvious when looking at the prices of leisure attractions. The entrance fee for the Disney World Magic Kingdom in Florida is used as a proxy for leisure attractions in the US (I told you we would return to Disney). 
At the time of its opening in 1971, the ticket price stood at USD 3.50 per day, today the entrance fee amounts to USD 110 per day. That equates to an average annualized price increase of 7.96%, twice the official inflation rate. If one looks at these ticket prices in gold terms, it can be seen that a median of 12 tickets could be purchased with an ounce of gold over time. Currently this figure stands at 10.9, which is quite close to the long-term average. 
What Disneyland is for Americans, the Oktoberfest is for Bavarians. A regular feature of our chart collections is the 'beer purchasing power' of gold. While a liter of beer (a 'Maß' in German) at the Munich Oktoberfest in 1950 cost the equivalent of EUR 0.82, the average price in 2015 was EUR 10.25. The annual price inflation of beer since 1950 thus amounts to 4.2%. 
If one looks at the price of beer relative to the gold price, then one ounce of gold could buy 100 liters of beer in 2015. Historically the average is 87 liters  - thus the 'beer purchasing power' of gold is currently slightly above the long-term average. The peak was however reached in 1980 at 227 liters per ounce. We believe it is quite possible that this level will be reached again. Beer drinking gold hoarders should revel in this development. 
Conclusion The evidence above shows that fiat currencies have historically been woefully inadequate at maintaining their purchasing power. Gold by contrast has a track record of successfully preserving value and purchasing power over thousands of years. In the course of human history, the market has naturally chosen gold as the superior form of money. 
The slow and steady growth in its supply from mining (the global stock of gold is growing at approximately the same pace as the population) ensures stability and confidence. These unique characteristics are making gold one of the best hedges against excessive money supply expansion and Black Swan events. 
And if you have an adversity to gold, you should consider picking up some Disney dollars. They have been excellent at maintaining purchasing power, as they sell for far above face value on Ebay. Anything is better than dollars. 
***KWN has now released the extraordinary audio interview with Egon von Greyerz, where he gives KWN listeners a look what is really happening behind the scenes globally and in the gold market, and you can listen to it by CLICKING HERE OR ON THE IMAGE BELOW. 
***ALSO JUST RELEASED: After Trump Shocker, One Market Is In Freefall! And What Is Happening In The Gold Market Is Unbelievable! CLICK HERE. 
© 2015 by King World News®. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. However, linking directly to the articles is permitted and encouraged. About author

ARTICLE

59 Views November 11, 2016 GOLD , KWN King World News 
In the aftermath of a brutal takedown in the gold and silver markets, today whistleblower and London metals trader Andrew Maguire told King World News that the paper gold market traded a jaw-dropping 6,800 tonnes of gold in just one day. 
Andrew Maguire: 'Just to illustrate how ludicrous the paper markets have become, during the U.S. election day daily session the total swap of Comex Open Interest constituted a staggering 2,268 tonnes (of paper gold)! This volume does not include the unallocated paper-centric over-the-counter markets, where volume exceeded the Comex by a factor of (more than) 2 times… Continue reading the Andrew Maguire interview below… Advertisement To hear which company investors & institutions around the globe are flocking to that has one of the best gold & silver purchase & storage platforms in the world click on the logo: 
Andrew Maguire continues: 'Now brace yourself; in total this conservatively places the swap of paper gold positions at a ludicrous 6,800 tonnes. That's unprecedented, Eric. The record daily volume totals more than two years of (annual global gold production or total annual) mine supply…To continue listening to this extraordinary KWN audio interview with whistleblower Andrew Maguire that will be released within hours, where he discusses the gold and silver smash, at what price the large sovereign wholesale bids are located, and much more, you can listen to it when it's released by CLICKING HERE. 
  Is This Why The Smash In Gold & Silver Is Happening? A Shocking Game-Changer For Gold & Silver Is Now Unfolding…  

ARTICLE

174 Views November 11, 2016 GOLD , KWN , KWN II King World News 
With gold down over $31 and silver plunging $1.08, is this why the smash in gold and silver is happening? Today King World News is reporting on a shocking game-changer in the gold and silver markets that is now unfolding. 
Eric King: 'Keith, you are a legend in the business and you have been on a long road trip that's taken you around the world, including into Asia and Europe. You are in London currently but talk about about what you discovered in Hong Kong? I understand that a huge transformation is coming to the gold and silver sector.' 
A Game-Changer For Gold & Silver Is Now Unfolding Keith Neumeyer: 'That's correct, Eric. I have been building relationships in Hong Kong for many, many years, but up to now there has been no way for Chinese investors to invest in North American companies. But for the first time ever Chinese investors can set up an account through Interactive Brokers, which has just opened an office in Hong Kong. This is going to be a massive game-changer for the gold and silver sector… IMPORTANT: To hear which legend just spoke with KWN about $8,000 gold and the coming mania in the gold, silver, and mining shares markets CLICK HERE OR ON THE IMAGE BELOW. 
Keith Neumeyer continues: 'What this means, Eric, is that for the first time ever Chinese investors will now be able to directly buy U.S. and Canadian mining stocks.' 
Eric King: 'When you talk about the Chinese coming into the mining share market, even though the sector is currently experiencing the final stages of a correction, you are talking over time about a radical flow of money into the mining shares, aren't you?' 
The Tip Of The Iceberg Keith Neumeyer: 'Yes, and it will just be the tip of the iceberg compared to what is coming. This is a new phenomenon and as more and more Chinese investors open up new accounts through brokerage firms in both China and Hong Kong, they are going to be looking to add to their exposure in the gold and silver space and they will now be able to do that by investing in mining stocks for the first time ever. 
We are in the beginning stages of a new bull market in gold and silver and the mining shares, so that will translate into huge money flowing into North American, and Canadian companies specifically, from China.' 
Eric King: 'I know you are familiar with the mania that took place in the mining shares in the late 1970s and into 1980 time frame. Despite the pullback, like the one we are seeing today and this week, what we will eventually see is a super-charged mania in gold, silver, and the mining shares because of the ocean of money that will be part of the secular bull market in gold and silver, this time around from China and the rest of Asia. Pierre Lassonde has spoken with me in the past about this but it was in relation to physical gold and silver prices. However, what you have uncovered now opens the door for oceans of money to eventually pour into the mining shares. Meaning, this mania will see upside moves that are difficult to comprehend because the Chinese are notoriously aggressive gamblers.' 
Keith Neumeyer: 'The key thing you and Pierre have discussed many times is the fact that the Chinese are gamblers. They love to play the stock market now and that will add a new dynamic to the gold and silver mining share market that we have never seen in the North American marketplace. 
We have experienced bull runs in the mining share market over the last 15 or so years but it has never had the Chinese buyer coming in as part of the whole equation. What that means is that over the next few years in this new bull market in the mining sector we will see these new buyers, the Chinese, coming into the market and setting the stage for a major run in the mining shares. 
China has a huge population, the largest population on the planet, and they are getting wealthier by the day. The Chinese are very familiar with the gold and silver markets and they love the physical metal. For them to be able to buy mining stocks, which generally trade at 3  - 5 times the move in gold and silver, they will be all over that upside leverage in the gold and silver markets. 
Chinese Buying Causes A Major Silver Stock To Skyrocket! As I said earlier, Eric, this is a new phenomenon. I was just in Hong Kong with some of my staff and we met a large number of investors who are already shareholders in First Majestic Silver and First Mining Finance. This is quite interesting and it represents the beginning of what is going to be massive change in the mining share industry. We all know what happened to First Majestic Silver in the first six months of this year when it went from $4 Canadian to nearly $25 a share (see stunning 10-year chart below of First Majestic Silver). 
Yes, the share price has corrected over the past couple of months but you can be assured that the massive spike to nearly $25 was due in part to Chinese buying.' 
Eric King: 'Keith, when I saw that move in First Majestic Silver I knew it was a short squeeze combined with new money entering the stock and I was trying to figure out where that money was coming from because the stock essentially went back to the all-time highs when the price of silver was around $50. Now I know where that new money was coming from — China. And of course this time the price of silver was only $20 and change when the Chinese money helped propel the stock back to the previous all-time high. Was that just a preview of what is to come in the mining sector and in First Majestic Silver? Because I am trying to figure out what happens to the share price of First Majestic Silver when the price of silver goes to $25 or $30 or even higher.' 
Keith Neumeyer: 'Eric, you mentioned an important point about short covering. First Majestic had 14 million shares short in January when the stock was $4 Canadian. The short position dropped to only 4 million shares by July. That's when the stock peaked at nearly $25 Canadian. That was indeed a huge, huge move. And now today the short position is back to 18 million shares, which is ridiculous but it's the highest short position in the First Majestic Silver's history. 
Interestingly, the price of silver went from $13.50 (U.S.) to around $21 in late July. But the price of First Majestic Silver went from a low of $2.40 (U.S.) to over $19 a share. You have to remember that is only with a little more than a $7 move in the price of silver. That was a pretty amazing move. So when we look forward to $25 or $30 silver, you will see some pretty interesting prices for First Majestic Silver.' 
Neumeyer added: 'Eric, we have also seen a very nice move in gold, even with the correction here, and I think this is a great opportunity for investors to take advantage of this down-move in gold and take a look at high-quality equities. One of those companies is First Mining Finance (symbol FF in Canada and FFMGF in the U.S.). I believe First Mining Finance has the best portfolio of development projects in the world. I don't believe that the market fully understands what the company has achieved as a business. 
The company has amassed 14 million ounces of gold in the ground with projects in great jurisdictions in the province of Ontario, Quebec, Newfoundland. If a major is looking for a portfolio of gold projects, this portfolio will make their mouth water looking at what First Mining Finance possesses. The company has about 25 projects throughout Mexico, the U.S. and Canada. 
As I said earlier, it is probably the best assembly of projects in the world and the company's share price is highly undervalued at current levels. At 68 cents a share (Canadian) we are talking about roughly $21 for every ounce of gold in the ground. And in a healthy market the price for gold in the ground should be priced at 3, 4 or 5 times that amount.' 
Eric King: 'Keith, where do you see the price of silver trading in 2017?' 
Price Of Silver To Soar By The End Of The Year And Into 2017 Keith Neumeyer: 'I would never have believed that the price of silver would have traded down from $50 to $13.50 an ounce and it happened for all kinds of ridiculous reasons, from manipulation and short selling to sentiment and other things your guests have pointed out on King World News. 
I projected the price of silver would end at $21 an ounce by the end of 2016. The price of silver hit $21 in July of this year, which was a fantastic move, and has since pulled back. This has positively impacted First Majestic Silver with cash flows that we haven't seen for 5 or 6 years and our treasury is building every week — at new record highs — and our balance sheet is extremely strong. 
But getting back to the price of silver and the fact that it hit $21 in July of this year, I wouldn't be surprised to see $21 to $23 by the end of 2016. And while we have seen about a $100 move down in the price of gold in the last couple of days, the price of silver has pulled back but it has remained much stronger and I think that bodes very well for the price going forward. So I am expecting $25  - $30 silver in 2017.' ***Within hours KWN will be releasing Andrew Maguire's powerful interview, where he discusses what to expect next after the gold and silver smash. 
  For People Who Are Worried About Druckenmiller Selling His Gold…  

ARTICLE

48 Views November 12, 2016 GOLD , KWN King World News 
On the heels of the takedown in the gold market King World News received many requests to hear from London metals trader Andrew Maguire because he gives KWN readers and listeners around the globe a snapshot into the critical physical market better than anyone in the world. 
Eric King: 'Andrew, what about the commercials, what are they up to here?' 
Andrew Maguire: 'Commercials, and that's the bullion banks, are now 100 percent on the long side into this large rinse of hot money. I see this as the final rinse before a large rally into the end of the year and into next year.'… Continue reading the Andrew Maguire interview below… Advertisement To hear which company investors & institutions around the globe are flocking to that has one of the best gold & silver purchase & storage platforms in the world click on the logo: 
Eric King: 'Andrew, can you give me an idea of the amount of gold tonnage being purchased during this takedown?' 
Andrew Maguire: 'We're trying to assess that right now but when you see that we've just gone through this ludicrous situation where we are looking at 6,800 tonnes of paper gold being exchanged (in one day), what we are seeing here from a wholesale market perspective is that we are significantly below… To continue listening to this extraordinary KWN audio interview with whistleblower Andrew Maguire that has now been released, where he discusses the gold and silver smash, at what price the large sovereign wholesale bids are located, and much more, CLICKING HERE OR ON THE IMAGE BELOW. 
***ALSO JUST RELEASED: Andrew Maguire  - Paper Gold Market Trades Jaw-Dropping 6,800 Tonnes In One Day! CLICK HERE. 
© 2015 by King World News®. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. However, linking directly to the articles is permitted and encouraged. About author

ARTICLE

140228 Views November 12, 2016 KWN PLUS , TRENDING King World News 
For those who would like to get more information about Maguire's trading service and/or sign up CLICK HERE or email King World News FOR DIRECTIONS ON HOW TO PLAY OR DOWNLOAD AUDIOS: CLICK HERE Andrew Maguire: Whistleblower, Independent London Metals Trader & Analyst  - Andrew has 35 years trading experience, both as an institutional and independent trader. He is an accomplished veteran of the markets. In 2010 Andrew Maguire went public in an exclusive King World News interview and disclosed his notification to the United States regulators at the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) of fraud being committed and price manipulation in the international gold and silver markets. This put him at the center of a storm for exposing what could be the largest fraud in history involving countries, banks and government leaders. About Us  - Andrew Maguire Gold Trading, is a trading name of Goldstar Global Ltd.  - A service formed with the explicit purpose of the education of precious metals traders  - A wholesale bullion trading company providing the most advanced solution for the trading and storing of precious metals 
Andrew Maguire, Independent London Metals Trader and Analyst, internationally renowned for his unique ability to read the precious metals market with his specialist knowledge and experience gained over 35 years trading in financial and commodity markets is the expert in these highly complex and competitive fields. Andrew directly oversees all of Goldstar Global services. 
Andrew sits on the advisory board of a global physical bullion exchange and is a consultant and advisor to many international hedge fund managers, bullion banks, directors and metal traders globally, all of whom rely on his highly recognised field of expert market analysis and incredibly accurate ability to forecast. He shares his expert knowledge through our services on this website. 
In 2009, Andrew decided to go public and provided evidence to the United States regulators relating to fraud and price manipulation that was being committed globally in the international gold and silver markets. This put him at the epicentre of a storm for exposing what could be the largest fraud in history involving countries, banks and government leaders, which is still an on going investigation and does not deter him in his determination to see fair play for all on the trading fields. 
Andrew is currently advising many other legal firms who are involved in bringing to justice criminal acts within the financial world and rely on his expert advice and Andrew is the only accredited whistleblower of market abuse to US regulators. Andrew is regularly featured in international media, international documentaries and is guest speaker at conferences. Andrew's quotes are constantly used on numerous blog sites around the world and his whistleblower evidence and constant efforts and lobbying to bring market manipulation to the attention of the world's media is the topic inside many financial publications and paperbacks. 
Our Services  - Andrew Maguire Gold Trading, is a trading name of Goldstar Global Ltd.  - A service formed with the explicit purpose of the education of precious metals traders 
We provide 2 levels of service to assist institutional money managers, investors and traders in making high probability trading decisions on short, medium and long term time frames. 
MaguireLive is our premium service providing real time access to watch Andrew Maguire, a 35 year veteran of the gold and silver markets executing his own trading decisions using his vast experience, acute analysis and use of proprietary indicators to post his trades in real time allowing members to benefit from his insight into rapidly changing market dynamics. Andrew takes high probability low risk trades which come in two forms: 
1. FastTrades  - these are scalp trades, traded quickly with tight stops and are typically closed on the same day. 
2. SwingTrades  - these are longer in duration and seek larger returns that reflect Andrew's core vaulted bullion positions. 
MaguireLive also offers a comprehensive weekly full market analysis which includes:- 
' Dissecting COT, BPR and other Government reports ' Full Options analysis ' An in depth summary of the prior Trading week and expectations of the upcoming week. 
MaguireLive also includes full access to our London Calling service, where members are invited to join Andrew as he starts his trading day. This early morning strategy meeting, presented in video form, is where he shares his analysis and expectations for the upcoming trading day. For those who would like to get more information and/or sign up you can do so by CLICKING HERE or emailing King World News 
London Calling will go live on February 1st-we are accepting subscriptions now. 
London Calling is an early morning closed video presentation prioritising the key market and currency information relating to the upcoming trading day and represented on Andrew's charts which he explains throughout his concise video. 
Andrew analyses all relevant technical's, chart patterns, pivots, trend lines, support and resistance levels and strips out all the unnecessary chart chatter so that the focus is on the most probable inflection pivots or trend lines for the up coming day which he presents in his London Calling video, saving you time by providing a clear, quick visual of gold and silver in all time frames. 
This service is aimed at fund managers, investors and traders seeking to take control of their own port folios without the associated fees . 
London Calling assists fund managers and professional traders to make educated, high probability low risk trading decisions for their portfolios, clients and trading accounts. 
The objective for London Calling is for members to start their trading day, armed with information they would have obtained after attending a morning strategy meeting at a trading bank enabling them to focus on the most probable short, medium or long term opportunities. 
London Calling includes:- 
' Analysis of all relevant technicals, chart patterns, pivots, trend lines and support and resistance levels. ' Stripping out all unnecessary chart chatter so that the focus is on the most probable inflection pivots or trend lines for the up coming day saving you time by providing a clear, quick visual of gold and silver in all time frames. 
Plus information that you will not find anywhere else, by :- 
' Netting out the currency crosses that influence gold and silver short term trends. ' Providing insight into the physical markets support levels. ' Identifying potential sovereign and central bank activity. ' Providing feedback from global trading desks. ' Analysing the probable impact that first, second and third tier news events are likely to have on the markets. 
Andrew works toward having all of market information collated and ready to present in his video ahead of the Asian markets close and ahead of the London Open. 
Join our meeting this morning. 
This service is included in MaguireLive. For those who would like to get more information and/or sign up you can do so by CLICKING HERE or emailing King World News About author

ARTICLE

140230 Views November 12, 2016 BROADCAST King World News 
For those who would like to get more information about Maguire's trading service and/or sign up CLICK HERE or email King World News FOR DIRECTIONS ON HOW TO PLAY OR DOWNLOAD AUDIOS: CLICK HERE Andrew Maguire: Whistleblower, Independent London Metals Trader & Analyst  - Andrew has 35 years trading experience, both as an institutional and independent trader. He is an accomplished veteran of the markets. In 2010 Andrew Maguire went public in an exclusive King World News interview and disclosed his notification to the United States regulators at the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) of fraud being committed and price manipulation in the international gold and silver markets. This put him at the center of a storm for exposing what could be the largest fraud in history involving countries, banks and government leaders. About Us  - Andrew Maguire Gold Trading, is a trading name of Goldstar Global Ltd.  - A service formed with the explicit purpose of the education of precious metals traders  - A wholesale bullion trading company providing the most advanced solution for the trading and storing of precious metals 
Andrew Maguire, Independent London Metals Trader and Analyst, internationally renowned for his unique ability to read the precious metals market with his specialist knowledge and experience gained over 35 years trading in financial and commodity markets is the expert in these highly complex and competitive fields. Andrew directly oversees all of Goldstar Global services. 
Andrew sits on the advisory board of a global physical bullion exchange and is a consultant and advisor to many international hedge fund managers, bullion banks, directors and metal traders globally, all of whom rely on his highly recognised field of expert market analysis and incredibly accurate ability to forecast. He shares his expert knowledge through our services on this website. 
In 2009, Andrew decided to go public and provided evidence to the United States regulators relating to fraud and price manipulation that was being committed globally in the international gold and silver markets. This put him at the epicentre of a storm for exposing what could be the largest fraud in history involving countries, banks and government leaders, which is still an on going investigation and does not deter him in his determination to see fair play for all on the trading fields. 
Andrew is currently advising many other legal firms who are involved in bringing to justice criminal acts within the financial world and rely on his expert advice and Andrew is the only accredited whistleblower of market abuse to US regulators. Andrew is regularly featured in international media, international documentaries and is guest speaker at conferences. Andrew's quotes are constantly used on numerous blog sites around the world and his whistleblower evidence and constant efforts and lobbying to bring market manipulation to the attention of the world's media is the topic inside many financial publications and paperbacks. 
Our Services  - Andrew Maguire Gold Trading, is a trading name of Goldstar Global Ltd.  - A service formed with the explicit purpose of the education of precious metals traders 
We provide 2 levels of service to assist institutional money managers, investors and traders in making high probability trading decisions on short, medium and long term time frames. 
MaguireLive is our premium service providing real time access to watch Andrew Maguire, a 35 year veteran of the gold and silver markets executing his own trading decisions using his vast experience, acute analysis and use of proprietary indicators to post his trades in real time allowing members to benefit from his insight into rapidly changing market dynamics. Andrew takes high probability low risk trades which come in two forms: 
1. FastTrades  - these are scalp trades, traded quickly with tight stops and are typically closed on the same day. 
2. SwingTrades  - these are longer in duration and seek larger returns that reflect Andrew's core vaulted bullion positions. 
MaguireLive also offers a comprehensive weekly full market analysis which includes:- 
' Dissecting COT, BPR and other Government reports ' Full Options analysis ' An in depth summary of the prior Trading week and expectations of the upcoming week. 
MaguireLive also includes full access to our London Calling service, where members are invited to join Andrew as he starts his trading day. This early morning strategy meeting, presented in video form, is where he shares his analysis and expectations for the upcoming trading day. For those who would like to get more information and/or sign up you can do so by CLICKING HERE or emailing King World News 
London Calling will go live on February 1st-we are accepting subscriptions now. 
London Calling is an early morning closed video presentation prioritising the key market and currency information relating to the upcoming trading day and represented on Andrew's charts which he explains throughout his concise video. 
Andrew analyses all relevant technical's, chart patterns, pivots, trend lines, support and resistance levels and strips out all the unnecessary chart chatter so that the focus is on the most probable inflection pivots or trend lines for the up coming day which he presents in his London Calling video, saving you time by providing a clear, quick visual of gold and silver in all time frames. 
This service is aimed at fund managers, investors and traders seeking to take control of their own port folios without the associated fees . 
London Calling assists fund managers and professional traders to make educated, high probability low risk trading decisions for their portfolios, clients and trading accounts. 
The objective for London Calling is for members to start their trading day, armed with information they would have obtained after attending a morning strategy meeting at a trading bank enabling them to focus on the most probable short, medium or long term opportunities. 
London Calling includes:- 
' Analysis of all relevant technicals, chart patterns, pivots, trend lines and support and resistance levels. ' Stripping out all unnecessary chart chatter so that the focus is on the most probable inflection pivots or trend lines for the up coming day saving you time by providing a clear, quick visual of gold and silver in all time frames. 
Plus information that you will not find anywhere else, by :- 
' Netting out the currency crosses that influence gold and silver short term trends. ' Providing insight into the physical markets support levels. ' Identifying potential sovereign and central bank activity. ' Providing feedback from global trading desks. ' Analysing the probable impact that first, second and third tier news events are likely to have on the markets. 
Andrew works toward having all of market information collated and ready to present in his video ahead of the Asian markets close and ahead of the London Open. 
Join our meeting this morning. 
This service is included in MaguireLive. For those who would like to get more information and/or sign up you can do so by CLICKING HERE or emailing King World News About author

ARTICLE

31   GOLD , KWN King World News 
On the heels of a historic election and chaos in global markets, the world is about to witness a breathtaking once in a century event. 
Expect Stunning Changes Stephen Leeb: ' Donald Trump's victory sparked some of the most tumultuous action in the markets in decades  - by some measures far more extreme than in 2008…. IMPORTANT… To find out which company is set to become one of the highest grade producing gold mines on the planet and is one of the greatest precious metals investment opportunities in the world CLICK HERE OR BELOW: Sponsored 
There is little doubt the market is signaling major changes ahead. These will almost certainly be more than just a change in market leadership, from big-cap high-tech stocks to metal miners, etc. They will be more than a reversal in the market's overall direction, say from bull to bear. Rather the market is telling us to expect stunning changes in the entire nature of the world's economy. And all investors should be listening. 
Trump Win Initially Shocks Global Markets Let's review this past historic week. On Tuesday night and early Wednesday morning as a Trump victory became ever clearer, stock futures dropped further and further into the red and at their low were down 5 percent. Gold rallied and at its high it was up about 5 percent. 
Then it seemed to dawn on almost all investors at the same moment that whatever you thought about Trump's temperament, his populist message had carried the day. His economic policies would be hell bent on growth. From climate change to financial regulation, all barriers to growth would be knocked down. And given his real estate background, leverage wouldn't scare him one bit. 
The thought of major infrastructure projects, tax cuts, less regulation, and a constrained Fed led to a 180-degree turn. Stocks were in, bonds and deflation out. Steady growth was out, leveraged cyclical growth was in. This was a trend that had been trying to take hold since mid-year, but the Trump victory sealed the deal big time. 
Take a look at the chart below. Year Chart Of Caterpillar, FaceBook, Amazon, Rio Tinto 
Four major companies diverged dramatically post-election. Facebook and Amazon sank against the rising market, while Rio, one of the world's largest commodity producers, and Caterpillar, which as the largest earth-moving company is highly leveraged to infrastructure and mining, soared. Most commodities followed suit. Copper's weekly gain was one of the largest ever. And from its low in late October, when Trump started to gain in the polls, copper has climbed 15 percent. 
Gold was the other side of the coin. After rising 5 percent on Tuesday evening and Wednesday morning, the Midas metal turned tail and finished the week down nearly 5 percent. Blame the decline, if you want, on the spike up in bond yields and the strong buck. But as I said above, the market's dramatic moves signal a lot more than relatively short-term shifts in market leadership. For the record, gold almost always falls at the onset of major market turmoil as investors raise cash to get aboard the new leaders. And when the switch involves investors ditching deflation fears and replacing them with enthusiasm for growth, there's further reason gold initially was left out in the cold. 
We Are About To Witness A Once In A Century Event But don't let that obscure the bigger reality. While gold could fall a bit more in coming days and weeks, the table has been set for the next act in a massive  - perhaps once-in-a-century  - bull market in the metal, as commodity scarcities force the world into a new monetary system with gold at its center. 
America's plans for infrastructure will likely be followed by similar efforts within the E.U., albeit no doubt reluctantly and with a lag. But the only way the E.U. can remain intact is if it starts to generate growth. Even if Merkel holds on to power, we think Europe will move in this direction, which means infrastructure spending. And if Merkel is defeated or doesn't run, a big infrastructure push in Europe becomes an even bigger bet. 
But even more to the point, however, is the massive amount the East will be spending on infrastructure. Such spending already has accounted for the uptrend in commodities even prior to the Trump blast-off. 
Speaking of Europe, the biggest infrastructure project on that continent was the Marshall Plan, which after World War II helped build up the economies of war-torn countries, in the process granting the U.S. major trade partners. Many still speak with wonder at the scope of that plan. The Chinese analog, which I talk about a lot, goes by the name of One Belt, One Road (OBOR) or the Silk Road initiative. Whatever you call it, it is massive, by some estimates 12 times the size of the Marshall Plan. Its goal is to connect more than 60 countries, which together have 4.4 billion inhabitants and currently account for nearly 40 percent of the world's economy . And OBOR is just the start of development in the East. 
OBOR and the ongoing economic activity it will foster will utterly dwarf the impact China's development already has had on the global economy. China today is the largest consumer of just about all major commodities. Multiply Chinese consumption today by many-fold and you get the long-term message of the past week's unprecedented stock market turbulence. 
With zigs and zags, for the foreseeable future the market will be trying to price in not just an ordinary bull market in commodities, one in which demand temporarily exceeds supplies, but a bull market powered by fundamental scarcities in basic commodities ranging from copper to zinc to fossil fuels. There will be a scramble for virtually all commodities, even ones that are relatively plentiful, as all will be needed to build out a world relying on new sources of energy. As I have argued before, once you have fundamental scarcities, it is probably too late to switch monetary systems from paper to gold. The time to switch is when these scarcities come into view. What we saw this week was the first sign that this new world is, indeed, within sight. 
The $50 Trillion Project And A New Monetary Order To give you a specific taste of what lies ahead, as the U.S. spends perhaps $1 trillion to repair its crumbling bridges, its ancient water pipes, its highways, and its electric grid, China will be adding 31 percent to its capacity to generate electricity as well as entering into agreements to build ultra-high-voltage grids (another area, along with super computers, in which China leads the world) that allow China to generate power it can transmit to countries ranging from Germany to Japan to India. This electricity will be needed to power electric cars and provide lighting in dense urban areas that have yet to be built. Wang Min, an executive vice president of the government-owned Chinese State Grid, has said ultra-high-voltage power networks can tie together the entire Silk Road by 2050. The cost estimate he gives is $50 trillion, well more than $1 trillion a year. But talking about this in dollars is misleading, indeed, meaningless. 
As commodities grow scarcer, they won't be available for dollars at all. Enter a new monetary order  - and gold. I don't expect to be around in 2050. But well before then, as signaled by the market this past week, we're all likely to see Eastern development and the new gold-based monetary system it will spawn emerge as the dominant economic and socio-political stories for years to come. ' ***KWN has now released the extraordinary KWN audio interview with whistleblower Andrew Maguire, where he discusses the gold and silver smash, at what price the large sovereign wholesale bids are located, and much more, and you can listen to it by CLICKING HERE OR ON THE IMAGE BELOW. 
***ALSO JUST RELEASED: Whistleblower Andrew Maguire  - This Is What The Commercials Banksters Are Up To In The Gold Market CLICK HERE. 
© 2015 by King World News®. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. However, linking directly to the articles is permitted and encouraged. About author

ARTICLE

11 Views November 13, 2016 GOLD , KWN King World News 
On the heels of a remarkable week where the world witnessed the greatest political upset in history and subsequent chaos in global markets, today King World News is pleased to present an extremely important update on the war in the gold market from Michael Oliver at MSA. Oliver allowed KWN exclusively to share this key report with our global audience after last week's takedown in the gold market. 
By Michael Oliver, MSA (Momentum Structural Analysis) November 13 ( King World New s)  - Gold: If one seeks to capture large trends, then measure large… If one does not have a long-term map to watch as the trend unfolds, then it's all too easy to run when some bullets fly. And they always fly… Continue reading the Michael Oliver piece below… Advertisement To hear which company investors & institutions around the globe are flocking to that has one of the best gold & silver purchase & storage platforms in the world click on the logo: 
How We Got To Where We Are Today MSA projected a blow-off type move in gold, commencing in September 2009, based on price and momentum concurrence and especially its relative performance breakouts vs. global stocks, (report was entitled 'Gold is Speaking!') Momentum then broke out over a three point downtrend, noted by the first red line. 
During that rise a very large price selloff occurred in early 2010 that no doubt shook teeth and generated widespread doubt. Big as the drop was, it did not negate any long-term structural factors on momentum. Nothing reversed that bull view on our part until momentum broke down in early 2012 (second red structure was violated  - a line defined by many points along the line) at around price of $1700 (see middle of second chart above). 
Then after the top in 2011/2012 and after momentum had already begun to cave, there came a hair curling rally in late summer 2012. But for annual momentum it was a laughable and uneventful rally. It did not alter the major downside that had already been signaled by momentum early that year. Therefore MSA was not impressed. Many no doubt went long thinking the gold bull was on again. Not! 
The Gold Bull Market Breakout Then with momentum basing action that was optimally clear and massive, gold's momentum broke out upside as price moved up into the mid-$1100s in February 2016. The massive flat red line on momentum was blasted through (see breakout on far right hand side of chart two above. 
MSA remains resolutely bullish and asserts that a long-term annual momentum uptrend is underway . Exit if you must, based on your own level of risk tolerance (each investor and asset manager is different, after all), or if your time scale of participation is short-term. 
MSA defines trends, often intermediate and short-term ones in many markets, but in the case of gold we argue that a long-term vista must dominate at this point in time, due to massive shifts underway in other asset categories. Implications of those shifts going forward are quite large, such that gold is likely to be at the forefront of world attention in the coming few years . 
The Dream Of Investors But remember that the long-held dream of investors to capture and profit from large trends (like the three massive but simple trends shown on the prior page) can never be accomplished if one allows short-term or even intermediate-term trend indicators to have more gravitas than the ongoing long-term trend factors . In some markets that's a reasonable approach, but at this point in time, with the annual trend dynamics underway, we caution about 'trading' gold . 
This annual bull signal is simply too young, has not reached any levels of upside excess, and the downturn on long-term momentum charts in the current selloff is not negating that which was screamed by gold's annual momentum breakout in February. ***KWN has just released one of Art Cashin's greatest audio interviews ever discussing the gold market at length, including the recent takedown in gold, what to surprises to expect in key markets as Trump becomes president, and what impact massive public works projects will have on the United States, inflation, gold, bonds, and much more. and you can listen to this extraordinary interview by CLICKING HERE OR ON THE IMAGE BELOW. 
***KWN has now released the extraordinary KWN audio interview with whistleblower Andrew Maguire, where he discusses the gold and silver smash, at what price the large sovereign wholesale bids are located, and much more, and you can listen to it by CLICKING HERE OR ON THE IMAGE BELOW. 
***ALSO JUST RELEASED: Whistleblower Andrew Maguire  - This Is What The Commercials Banksters Are Up To In The Gold Market CLICK HERE. 
© 2015 by King World News®. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. However, linking directly to the articles is permitted and encouraged. About author

ARTICLE

36446 Views November 13, 2016 KWN PLUS , TRENDING King World News FOR DIRECTIONS ON HOW TO PLAY OR DOWNLOAD AUDIOS: CLICK HERE 
Art Cashin: Director of Floor Operations for UBS Financial Services & CNBC Market Commentator  - UBS has over $650 billion under management. Art has over 50 years of Wall Street experience, which gives him the ability to offer valuable insights to investors and traders. When he started in the industry, the Dow Jones Industrial Average was actually in the 700-800 range. He shares his analysis and gives the pulse of the market from the floor of the New York Stock Exchange. Art is one of the most respected people in the world when it comes to analyzing the action in the US stock market and provides an objective and unbiased view of the current market situation. His daily market commentary is read internationally by clients and peers. Biography from cnbc.com Art Cashin, CNBC Commentator & Director of Floor Operations for UBS Financial Services Art Cashin is the Director of Floor Operations for UBS Financial Services and a regular markets commentator on CNBC. Each trading day from the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, he shares his analysis and pulse of the market with CNBC viewers. About author

ARTICLE

36447 Views November 13, 2016 BROADCAST King World News FOR DIRECTIONS ON HOW TO PLAY OR DOWNLOAD AUDIOS: CLICK HERE 
Art Cashin: Director of Floor Operations for UBS Financial Services & CNBC Market Commentator  - UBS has over $650 billion under management. Art has over 50 years of Wall Street experience, which gives him the ability to offer valuable insights to investors and traders. When he started in the industry, the Dow Jones Industrial Average was actually in the 700-800 range. He shares his analysis and gives the pulse of the market from the floor of the New York Stock Exchange. Art is one of the most respected people in the world when it comes to analyzing the action in the US stock market and provides an objective and unbiased view of the current market situation. His daily market commentary is read internationally by clients and peers. Biography from cnbc.com Art Cashin, CNBC Commentator & Director of Floor Operations for UBS Financial Services Art Cashin is the Director of Floor Operations for UBS Financial Services and a regular markets commentator on CNBC. Each trading day from the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, he shares his analysis and pulse of the market with CNBC viewers. About author

ARTICLE

23   GOLD , KWN King World News 
On the heels of a wild week, today the man who has become legendary for his predictions on QE, historic moves in currencies, and major global events, spoke with King World News about a shocker and what is really happening in the gold market. 
A Historic Shocker Egon von Greyerz: ' There is a total misunderstanding of the role of gold and why it is so critical to own physical gold. Gold should not be bought or sold based on rumors or events. This week gold moved for totally the wrong reasons. 
The whole Western world had forecast a Clinton victory. The Western media, which does no analysis but only reports what they are fed, spent no time trying to understand what the mood of the people was. It was exactly the same with Brexit. The elite in London, New York and the big metropolitan areas have totally different objectives than ordinary people… 
Continue reading the Egon von Greyerz interview below… 
In a King World News interview I spoke with the man who predicted the Swiss National Bank would experience staggering losses and that the Fed would also experience massive losses that will destabilize the global financial system! His company is the only one in the world offering a precious metals investment service outside the banking system, with direct ownership and full control by the investor. He has also become legendary for his predictions on QE, historic moves in currencies, and major global events. To find out what he and his company can do to help answer that age old question for you CLICK HERE. Sponsored 
Egon von Greyerz continues: ' The change in trend in public reaction which we are seeing now is not just a temporary phenomenon. Ordinary people are tired of a small elite of bankers, industrialists and politicians helping themselves to unlimited power and wealth whilst normal people are getting poorer, with lower incomes and more debt. 
And it is the masses which ultimately are responsible for repaying debt, which is increasing exponentially in most countries. They will of course not repay the debt because they can't. Instead, they will suffer immeasurably when the global debt of roughly $250 trillion implodes, leading to a severe depression. The gap between the rich and the poor in the West is wider than ever. In the US, the top 0.1% have 22% of total wealth. And top professionals in the US have had an increase in real pay of 51% since 1973, whilst the average worker has seen a reduction of 4.6%. This a very dangerous trend and when the economic downturn comes, it is likely to lead to violent protests and social unrest. 
The Trump win was totally unexpected in the US as well as in other countries. Most politicians in Europe and around the world have ridiculed Trump and assumed that he would never be elected. They all certainly must eat humble pie now. 
Coming back to gold, we saw the most incredible volatility during last week. As the Trump victory became clear, gold went from $1,270 to $1,335 in under 4 hours. Then massive selling of gold futures pushed the price down to $1,270 where it started before election. On Friday last week it was pushed down further to $1,225, which is $110 from the euphoric election peak. Initially, heavy paper speculative buying of gold took place around the world but very little serious physical buying. Some gold experts predicted that gold would go up by at least $100 if Trump won. Well, it did go up $65 but then declined over $100 from there. A dealer in London ran out of physical stock due to panic retail buying. But when the stock markets turned around from down 4-5% to up, the paper longs in gold were liquidated and speculative funds flowed into stock markets instead. Two years of gold production was traded after the election  - all in the paper market. Andrew Maguire's excellent interview on KWN explains in detail how it happened. 
Despite Plunge, Is A Major Short Squeeze In Gold About To Unfold? As usual, when gold is dumped in the futures market there is little selling of physical. Thus, the paper price of gold is totally false and in no way reflects what is happening in the physical market. It is likely that commercial gold buyers, who are already long, will add to positions at these suppressed levels. The paper market has maximum 1 oz of physical for every 100 oz of paper gold. When the commercials add to positions at these artificially low levels, there is likely to be a major short squeeze. 
I agree with Maguire that gold is bottoming at these levels and could rally strongly from here. Our proprietary cycle indicators confirm this. 
Gold investors should totally ignore these short-term moves as well as any news or events that temporarily move gold. Sadly, many investors buy gold when it goes up and sell it when it goes down. This behavior shows a total ignorance of the role of gold and why it is so important to hold physical gold. Because gold is not an investment and should definitely not be seen as a speculative commodity. But futures traders and the bullion banks have no interest in gold for wealth protection purposes. For them it is just a commodity traded in the paper market with no intention of ever taking delivery. 
When gold moves strongly based on events, the move is seldom sustained. Those moves are mostly speculative and in the paper market. Sustained moves in gold are due to the debasement of paper money and nothing else. Since the creation of the Fed in 1913, all major currencies have declined 97- 99% against gold. The US has not had a real budget surplus since 1960, so the trend is very clear and unlikely to be reversed any time soon. Since 1971, when Nixon abolished the gold backing of the dollar, US debt has grown by an average of 9% per year. This means that on average US federal debt has doubled every eight years. And Obama is no exception. He duly complied with the trend of exponential debt increases and doubled US debt from $10 trillion to $20 trillion. It took the US over 200 years to go from zero debt to $10 trillion and Obama managed to double it in just 8 short years. What an achievement! 
Neither Clinton nor Trump had any intention of breaking the trend of massive debt expansion. Trump's proposed tax reductions and major infrastructure investments will add over $5 trillion to the debt. But with this expansive policy, there is absolutely no reason why debt in the next four years will grow by less than the 9% annual average. This would take the US debt to at least $28 trillion by 2021. 
But it is likely to get a lot worse. Rising interest rates, higher unemployment, stress in the debt markets and major problems in the global financial system are likely to lead to substantially higher debt as well as massive money printing. 
Long term US interest rates turned up earlier this year with 10 year Treasury yield up 50% from 1.4% to 2.1%. The 35 year rate cycle has now turned and rates are likely to go back to at least the 16% we saw in 1980 but probably a lot higher as the biggest bond bubble in history bursts. Due to the massive size of this bubble on a global scale, the increase in rates could happen very quickly. This will not just affect debt markets and the ability of governments to pay the interest but also the derivatives market. 
The $1.5 quadrillion of global derivatives are extremely sensitive to interest rate increases and that market will not survive much higher interest rates. 
And if we look around the world, the risks are unprecedented. Japan is totally bankrupt, China has a major debt problem and the European banking system is unlikely to survive in its present form. Also, what started with Brexit is likely to continue in many European countries. Just like in the US, many Europeans are tired of an elite in Brussels ruling over 500 million people with little understanding of the resentment that this unaccountable and unelected elite is causing. The Italian election is next in December and then we have France and Germany in 2017. The breakup of the EU and the end of the Euro is just a matter of time and it could happen a lot faster than anyone expects. 
A Difficult Road For Trump With all these problems around the world, Trump will have major difficulties reversing the trend of debts, deficits and no real growth of the US economy. Global trade is already declining and is likely to deteriorate substantially in the next few years. With both global and US problems of unparalleled proportions, it is not the best time to become president of the biggest and most indebted economy in the world. Clearly, Trump is determined to succeed but running an insolvent economy in a virtually bankrupt world will be a lot harder than building a property empire. 
As the world enters a period with risk exponentially greater than in 2006, the reasons for holding physical gold as insurance and wealth protection are more compelling than ever. The continued debasement of the currencies will guarantee a higher gold price. In addition, the failure of the paper gold market could happen at any time. When this happens there will be no physical gold available at any price until there is equilibrium in the physical market. At what price that will take place is impossible to forecast but it is certain to be multiples of the current price. ” For those who are interested in hearing more about the gold market and the Trump shocker, KWN has just released one of legendary Art Cashin's greatest audio interviews ever discussing the gold market at length, including the recent takedown in gold, what to surprises to expect in key markets as Trump becomes president, and what impact massive public works projects will have on the United States, inflation, gold, bonds, and much more. and you can listen to this extraordinary interview by CLICKING HERE OR ON THE IMAGE BELOW. 
***KWN has now released the extraordinary KWN audio interview with whistleblower Andrew Maguire, where he discusses the gold and silver smash, at what price the large sovereign wholesale bids are located, and much more, and you can listen to it by CLICKING HERE OR ON THE IMAGE BELOW. 
***ALSO JUST RELEASED: The World Is About To Witness A Breathtaking Once In A Century Event CLICK HERE. 
© 2015 by King World News®. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. However, linking directly to the articles is permitted and encouraged. About author

ARTICLE

56 Views November 14, 2016 GOLD , KWN King World News 
As the bond market continues to melt down, interest rates rise and the Dollar Index surges above 100, legend Art Cashin gave one of his most important interviews ever to King World News about a Trump presidency, the New World Order, gold, Brexit, the Great Depression, and why we will see panic before the end of the year. 
Eric King: 'In Trump's acceptance speech he said that we are going to have massive infrastructure spending. Is that bearish for gold? I don't think so.' 
Gold Market Hit As Druckenmiller Sells Art Cashin: 'No. That on the face of it would not be a reason to sell gold. One of the things that may have concerned Druckenmiller was not so much your scenario of fiscal spending and building roads and highways, but the fact that despite what the Fed has been doing, the money supply has not been showing any velocity. That's a topic you and I have discussed time and time again and it's one of the holdups to gold because if it gets no velocity that's deflationary. 
In fact, the largest growth in money stock is in cash — green pictures of dead presidents — and that is deflationary because that does not have a lending factor that money in a bank would have. So those are two deflationary trends in money and that tends to weigh a little bit on gold and doesn't allow it to fulfill its promise that you would expect in a somewhat inflationary period.' 
Eric King: 'Victor Sperandeo, a former associate of George Sorors, said to me this will be 'pure money printing.' That we are going to print trillions of dollars and build infrastructure — talk about how you view that. Obviously there are going to be jobs created and it will be great for infrastructure, so it will juice the economy, but what are the longer-term ramifications?' 
Art Cashin: 'On the face of it, it looks good. As you said, there will be jobs created and there will be improvements in roads and airports and so on. However, the other shoe to fall is that Mr. Trump is also committed to revamping the tax code. And those two things should lead to a massive increase in the deficit. And we are already deeply in debt, so people like Rosenberg and others feel like it will have virtually no impact. 
On the face of it the stimulus program should be great for the economy, but because you are in such a high level of debt it might not work out that way. He and others point out that if fiscal stimulus were the answer then Japan would be the king of the world with all of those bridges to nowhere that they built. Japan spent a lot of money, built up their deficit, and their economy never really turned around.' 
Eric King: 'Going back even further than that and looking at the Great Depression, the United States was struggling and then FDR devalued the dollar by revaluing the price of gold higher. Those public works projects then got underway, the massive public works projects that built so much of the infrastructure here in the United States, Art. And that did turn the stock market around. It turned many things around — commodities, etc — but then it rolled over by 1937-1938 and then the war came. Is this infrastructure spending program something that can look good for a little while and then it will just roll over like we saw in 1937-1938?' 
Art Cashin: 'It can. And the problem (during the Great Depression) was that the thing didn't click, as it were. It didn't lead to the next step. You hire people, you do the road projects, you do whatever, and then you want to see them go out and spend and business begin to borrow and banks to lend. And in '37 and '38 that never fully kicked in. U.S. Experiences Second Stock Market Collapse From 1937 To 1938 
You had high government officials, in frustration, go to Congress and testify: 'We couldn't get it started. We just couldn't get it started.' 
For all of the deficit spending, for all of the government programs, it never fully worked. That's the fear. Again, if you go back to Japan, clearly they spent trillions of Japanese yen in massive building projects and it never kicked in, it never took over. The people continued to worry and hold onto their money. 
A Worried Public Is Hoarding Cash As I've told you before, this whole thing about helicopter money and whatnot, if Bernanke flew over your house and dropped a million dollars in brand new money, and you were so worried that you got up and hid it in the garage until you figured out what the economy was going to do…And that is virtually what has happened to us for the past seven years. 
They have tried all kinds of increases in money supply but it has never kicked in and people are so terrified that they are not spending, and basically, as I said, the large amount of growth was in cash. So they are putting it in the mattress, not even in the bank.' 
Eric King: 'Art, for so many years on King World News you have been talking about this lending and spending not kicking in, and you have used that Bernanke analogy over and over again. It's not normal for you to beat up on a point as much as you have. But earlier you brought up Japan, and then when we covered the Great Depression you discussed 1937-1938, and the the testimonies before Congress from people saying, 'We just couldn't get it started.' Did you know all along that it was going to unfold this way to some degree with the lack of lending and spending? Did you know that from history?' 
Art Cashin: 'I had a fear of it and it became pretty evident after some of the first things they (central planners) did. It is not a very difficult game. Every week the Federal Reserve reports the Money Supply and the Federal Reserve of St. Louis reports the Monetary Stock, which is the amount of raw money that the Fed adds in. 'We Just Couldn't Get It Started'  - Monetary Stock Plunging 
'That Shouldn't Be' For a year now, despite all the things you have heard, despite all the programs and 'pump-priming' and Yellen and all the doves, the Monetary Stock has not increased all year. That shouldn't be. 60-Year Velocity Of Money Stock Hitting New Lows 
If money has velocity, then you can see the economy begin to move up. If it gets too much velocity, then you get to see inflation. But so far we are not getting a high dose of either. Although, if you ask somebody standing in the supermarket if they have inflation they might give you a bit of an argument. But by government standards it's not quite there yet.' 
Eric King: 'Along those same lines, Art, you've warned repeatedly about Weimar Germany and the experience of the 1920s. This idea that there can be no inflation and then suddenly it just kicks in and then all hell breaks loose. You've warned so many time about that. Is that what's in front of us?' 
Art Cashin: 'You will begin to know it. Everybody talks about the Weimar Republic where they actually printed cash money and flooded the system. It wasn't just the bank reserves — they actually flooded the system with paper money. And amazingly, amazingly, it was a while before that actually kicked in in an inflationary manner. And as you alluded to, I've said this time and time again, it's one of those things like spontaneous combustion — it's there and it's there and it's there and suddenly it bursts into flames. And when it bursts into flames it consumes everything about it. And that's when you can have a runaway inflation. 
But so far it has not burst into flames. And that is why to even some degree the Fed is frustrated, hoping to get inflation up above 2 percent. And they may be in a position where, be careful what you wish for. Because if they get 2 percent and above it could suddenly combust and things could begin to move rather rapidly.' 
Eric King: 'Art, let me ask you this about the Trump presidency. It seems like for those people out there who, as he said, felt lost, the lost Americans, and for those out there who really felt like they were having globalism shoved down their throats in Europe and in the United States, this seemed to be a moment in time where there was going to be some backtracking. The borders were going to be closed, there would be some protectionism — we all know the plusses and minuses of that — but how did you view this Trump election and him becoming president, the idea that the elite got sand kicked in their face and that this New World Order would be slowed down, if only for a moment?' 
Donald Trump's Shocker And Why Brexit Is Nowhere Near Over Art Cashin: 'I view it as yet one more extension of what looks to be a populist revolt that is sweeping the world. You saw the beginning of it with Brexit, and you have too many pundits on TV saying, 'Well, that ended quickly in reverse.' Brexit is nowhere near over. But the reason that markets didn't continue to spiral (downward) is that they realized that Brexit has basically been postponed. They haven't gone in and declared Article 50. Once they start the process in motion, the consequences of Brexit are going to be there and they are going to be drastic. 
Now, if you take Trump's election as the second leg of populism, the next thing you look for is the December 4th referendum in Italy. And there's a good chance that will cause the government to fail and Italy will be right back in the middle of a major European crisis, and we'll be right back where we were with Greece (only much larger in scale). So this game is far from over and we could see further panic as we head into the end of the year.' 
Eric King: 'Ahead of what's going to happen in Italy, because I think that will unfold as you just predicted, Art, a Trump America going forward and this idea that the elites have been pushing globalism down everybody's throats with NAFTA and so many things that have happened around the world. The globalism and the push to eliminate national boundaries, we've seen that in Europe and of course they had talked about combining Canada, the United States and Mexico into one regional unit. This idea that globalism has taken a huge blow here, is that true? Or did it just slow it down? What will a Trump presidency mean in that sense?' 
'You're Fired!' Art Cashin: 'We've got a lot of things to see. Over the next week or two you are going to see whom he appoints to the cabinet and who holds him under their sway. It would appear, however, because of the size of his commitment, he's got to address globalization and global trade. He's got to go back and revisit even NAFTA. 
I think some of his early attempts will be reasonably good. He will do some fiscal stimulus, some building and repairing, hopefully getting the tax structure in better order. But that will not be the end of it. He can pivot a bit but he can't completely abandon it (his campaign promises). People will have to watch what he does. 
Now, he may cleverly hire some people and put burdens on their shoulders. If after six months things don't work out, he can revert to his TV personality and say, 'You're fired,' to show the American people that he's staying on top. But for now…KWN encourages everyone around the world to listen to one of legendary Art Cashin's greatest audio interviews ever discussing the gold market at length, including the recent takedown in gold and what to make of Druckenmiller selling, what to surprises to expect in key markets as Trump becomes president, and what impact massive public works projects will have on the United States, inflation, gold, bonds, and much more, by CLICKING HERE OR ON THE IMAGE BELOW. 
***KWN has now released the extraordinary KWN audio interview with whistleblower Andrew Maguire, where he discusses the gold and silver smash, at what price the large sovereign wholesale bids are located, and much more, and you can listen to it by CLICKING HERE OR ON THE IMAGE BELOW. 
***ALSO JUST RELEASED: Greyerz  - Historic Shocker, A Difficult Road And A Major Short Squeeze About To Unfold CLICK HERE. 
© 2015 by King World News®. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. However, linking directly to the articles is permitted and encouraged. About author

ARTICLE

55   King World News 
As we kick off the third week of trading in November, today James Turk spoke with King World News about why what Donald Trump faces is very different from what Ronald Reagan face, but here is the good news… 
James Turk: ' Congratulations to Mr Trump. If his presidency is as remarkable as his election, Eric, he could go down in history as a great president. I expect that a lot of things will change because of Trump. That's what voters want… Sponsored 
I've seen polls showing that 70% or more of the electorate believes the country is headed in the wrong direction. A result like that cuts across party lines. 
The last time I felt like this about the potential for major systemic change was when Reagan became president in 1981. Coincidentally, a lot of people back then were shocked that Reagan would be president, just like the shock we are seeing today with Trump's victory. I hope that with his performance that Trump confounds his cynics just like Reagan did. 
With Reagan the coming systemic changes were pretty obvious because Paul Volcker had already been appointed as Fed chairman and had unsettled the markets by increasing interest rates. That signaled a major inflationary cycle was ending. 
The Reagan presidency began a new disinflationary cycle, which lasted until Bush No. 2 took office. Annual increases in monetary debasement once again became measurable, and the gold price began rising in response. 
I am not convinced at this time that we are at the end of any cycle, but I nevertheless expect circumstances will indeed be different going forward. My thinking is that the present cycle of monetary debasement is not going to end or even just abate as occurred with Reagan. 
The change I expect is the trend of purchasing power erosion will accelerate. Trump of course could change that trend. He is so far making the right statements. Lower taxes and less regulation will indeed improve the economy. A stronger economy will increase tax revenues, which will be needed to fund the infrastructure spending that Trump is promising. 
But so far he seems to be ignoring a key issue. The federal government's debt has become so big it is now unmanageable. To illustrate my point, let's take Trump at his word that he is going to control government spending so it doesn't increase the deficit, even though he is going to increase spending for defense and infrastructure. Let's assume that the increased spending in these two areas is covered by higher tax revenue from economic growth, and is therefore neutral to the deficit. 
But what if interest rates rise to a more normal 5% as some are predicting? 
Let's assume Mr Trump saves money by completely eliminating the Departments of Commerce, Education, Housing and Labor. Then he also eliminates the Environmental Protection Agency, and throws in some other savings by completely eliminating International Assistance Programs, NASA and the National Science Foundation. 
Add it all up and Trump saves about $200 billion each year. That's about equal to the additional annual interest expense on the $20 trillion federal government debt if rates rise 1%. So if interest rates rise to 5%, the federal deficits are going to soar. To fund those deficits, the Federal Reserve is going to have to do a lot of money printing, which of course will debase the dollar by eroding its purchasing power. 
The important point is that if the Fed hikes rates, then rising interest rates will   borrow even more just to pay interest on its debt, which creates a vicious cycle that will ultimately destroy the dollar. But if interest rates stay low, the Fed destroys savers and capitalism because it is eliminating the incentive to save any national currency, which lowers the demand for that currency and in this way too the Fed ultimately destroys the dollar. 
So in either scenario, the dollar is toast, but there is a solution…This will be continued tomorrow in part two of James Turk's powerful interview. In the meantime, for those who are interested in hearing more about the gold market and the Trump shocker, KWN has just released   gold,   more. and you can listen to this extraordinary interview   Legend Art Cashin On A Trump Presidency, The New World Order, Gold, Brexit, The Great Depression And Why We Will See Panic  

ARTICLE

50 Views November 15, 2016 GOLD , KWN King World News 
After the election chaos of last week, is President Trump really going to revalue gold to this jaw-dropping price? 
Part II of James Turk's KWN interview: 'When I say that the dollar is toast, Eric, I am of course referring to the Federal Reserve dollar (F$), which circulates as a money substitute in place of the Constitutional dollar (C$). The C$ is 11.369 grains of gold ($42.22 per ounce)… Sponsored 
President Nixon 'temporarily'  - to use his word  - suspended the conversion of F$s into C$s back in 1971. 
Trump's only option to end the clear divisions in the country is to increase prosperity with a level playing field for everyone. And the way to do that is to take away the advantages the 1%ers enjoy as a result of an unconstitutional monetary system. 
The Need To Build A Sound Monetary System So President Trump has to build a sound monetary system. To do this he must end Nixon's temporary suspension of dollar redeemability into gold. Restoring a Constitutional dollar will provide a solid the foundation for building a new monetary system. The best way to do that is to follow the precepts of the Coinage Act of 1792, which is America's first and best time-tested law concerning money. 
Back in June, when asked about the gold standard Trump replied: 'Bringing back the gold standard would be very hard to do, but boy, would it be wonderful.' 
The 'hard' task he is of course referring to is making the gold standard credible after decades of monetary debasement. Rebuilding credibility will indeed be a difficult task, but can be accomplished over time. Initially all that is needed is to make sure that gold flows into the Treasury  - and not out from it  - when redemption of the dollar into gold is restored. 
Will Trump Revalue Gold To $10,000? To do that Trump will need to make the new monetary system credible by accounting for all the monetary debasement of the F$ since 1971. That means the Treasury will need to be ready to act as required under a gold standard to buy gold and redeem dollars for gold at a credible price, which I calculate to be $10,000 per ounce. 
Some may find $10,000 to be eye-watering, but this amount is based on historical experience. It would simply be repeating what happened in 1934. When President Roosevelt devalued the dollar by 41% from 23.222 grains of gold ($20.67) to 13.714 grains ($35), gold flowed into the Treasury in exchange for dollars. The resulting increase of sound money flowing into the economy enabled it to begin the process of recovering from the depths of the Great Depression. 
So to make a new gold standard credible by getting gold to flow into the Treasury, we need to repeat what FDR did. It is easy to calculate. 
After the 1934 devaluation, the weight of gold in the Treasury was 15% of the total quantity of dollars in M3. Today M3 is $17.6 trillion, and supposedly there are 261.5 million ounces of gold in Treasury vaults. Which equates to $67,304 per ounce. So 15% of that is $10,095. For simplicity, let's round it to $10,000, meaning that one C$ would be defined as 0.048 of one grain of gold. At that $10,000 rate of exchange, gold will flow into the Treasury from the far reaches of the planet, benefitting global economies as well as the US economy. 
We need to ask ourselves, won't this resulting increase in the money supply be inflationary? Answer: No more than it was during the Great Depression. In one year after FDR's devaluation, M3 increased by 10.2%, but there was little inflation. The bulk of the new money was not put into speculation, but rather, used in productive purposes that began rebuilding the US economy. 
What's more, commodities and other goods that were being hoarded as an alternative to bank deposits flowed into circulation, helping keep inflation under control. The same thing will happen today. But let's not forget, what happens to the federal government's debt mountain? I suspect some government promises will be broken  - like changing Social Security to reduce payouts  - to enable the debt to be brought back under control, which brings up one last point. 
A credible national currency and creditworthy government are different things. They do go hand-in-hand, but you need the former to achieve the latter. The reason of course is that governments cannot create gold out of thin air, like they do paper dollars. That is the wisdom the framers enshrined in the Constitution. Let's hope Mr Trump values their wisdom and re-establishes the monetary legacy they left for us. A sound dollar helped build a great country where everybody was given the opportunity for life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness. 
As president with a Republican controlled Congress, Trump can change everything. America's best hope is he rescinds Nixon's 'temporary' suspension of the dollar's redeemability into gold and puts the dollar back on a credible gold standard at $10,000 per ounce.' For those who are interested in hearing more about the gold market and the Trump shocker, KWN has just released   gold,   more. and you can listen to this extraordinary interview   Legend Art Cashin On A Trump Presidency, The New World Order, Gold, Brexit, The Great Depression And Why We Will See Panic  

ARTICLE

39 Views November 15, 2016 GOLD , KWN King World News 
With continued uncertainty in global markets, here is a look at the big picture from around the world, including silver. 
By Bill Fleckenstein President Of Fleckenstein Capital November 15 ( King World News )  - Bond markets were a bit higher overnight, with the exception of Japan, which is now seeing its 10-year yield trade all the way 'back' to zero. Equity markets more or less ignored the bounce in the same way they ignored the decline. My opinion is that when you have a big secular change like we've seen in the bond market it is easy for people to rationalize the first break lower and perhaps it will take a rally that doesn't carry too far to get folks to feel uptight… IMPORTANT: To find out which high-grade silver mining company billionaire Eric Sprott just purchased a nearly 20% stake in and learn why he believes this is one of the most exciting silver stories in the world  - CLICK HERE OR BELOW: Sponsored 
Blinded By the Bright Side It is hard to know for sure, however, because we are talking about psychology, and the central bank actions over the last 20 years, especially the last 10, have rewarded people for essentially buying all news and being willing to suspend disbelief at the drop of a hat, which of course is what has gone on in spades since the election. As I keep repeating, equity investors are discounting all of the positives and none of the negatives while assuming a rapid timeline, all during a period when stocks are extraordinarily expensive and the trend in the bond market has likely changed. That is not a recipe for making money in equities in my opinion, but on the other hand I am not going to pick a fight with the stock market until the action changes. 
Turning to the tape here, the reprieve in the bond market allowed the high-multiple stocks to have a nice bounce, and the Nasdaq gained 0.75% by midday while the Dow essentially took the day off and the S&P had a decent rally as well. With an hour to go, when I had to leave, the Nasdaq was 1.3% higher. The current view of markets seems to be: higher inflation, interest rates, budget deficits, stock prices, and a higher dollar. Can that all happen at once and be sustained? 
Away from stocks, green paper was mixed, oil rallied 5%, the bond market was slightly higher, and the metals saw a bounce with silver gaining 0.5% to gold's fractional gain of $3. 
Hey China, House It Going? On the subject of commodities, it is worth noting that copper, lead, and zinc have all seen pretty respectable rallies lately. I had first suspected a short squeeze, and I'm not saying it isn't, but it also could be a function of the monetary policy expansion taking place in China. I had not read much about this until the Lord of the Dark Matter pointed out that new mortgages are exploding, as are their monetary aggregates. I am really not sure what to make of that, but if somehow China manages to get itself rolling to some degree thanks to money printing that will change the dynamics of a lot of markets. I'm not saying that is going to happen, just that I intend to keep my eye on that situation. 
And a Hearty, 'High-Yo, Silver!' Now I'd like to turn to the subject of Pan American Silver, a company I have a big position in and of which I used to be a director. Last night they reported results for Q3 that were absolutely spectacular following results from Q2 that were also quite good, although not as good as this one. (In addition, they increased production guidance for all metals, ex gold, and lowered expense guidance again.) I am going to go into a fair amount of detail because I would like to make a point about the importance of good properties and good management, as well as the potential for the right miners prospectively, compared to what we have seen in the past. 
First of all, for a long time Pan American was considered one of the premier mining companies and certainly one of the top silver producers. In the last couple of years they have had to digest an acquisition and spend a lot of money, along with the disappointment of having their property in Argentina get written down to almost nothing. Meanwhile, they spent a fair amount of money, time, and effort to mechanize and automate many of their mines. Thus, what you are seeing now is a permanent reduction in certain costs. That's not to say that all of the cost reductions are a function of things the company did. Some are beyond their control and could turn out to be somewhat transitory, such as the decline in the Mexican peso or base metal prices.) 
The combination of having spent the money it has spent and now having the mines in the cycle they are in with the improvements I have described has allowed the company to post an extraordinary quarter: estimates were between 13 and 18 cents but actual results were 28, and the guts were even more impressive. Cash flow in the quarter was over $100 million and to put that in perspective, the last time it had a quarter similar to that was back in 2011 when silver was $35, or around two times where it is today. And to put the last couple of quarters in perspective, for the first nine months of this year Pan American made 51 cents versus losing 62 cents last year. So these are very big changes. 
There's More Where That Came From This is what can happen to a mining company that is run properly and has a bit of good luck. You can actually see operating leverage. This is also another reason I don't like streaming companies. They can't disappoint (actually, they can), but there is no possibility of any upside. Pan American has done all of this, and I believe it is in a good position to bring on the Navidad project that has been mothballed in Argentina. Given the fact that the current president, Mauricio Macri, is a hundred times more business friendly than former presidents Cristina and Nestor Kirchner ever were means that not only can the project come on (once the laws change in the Chubut district), it is potentially going to be more profitable than originally envisioned because of the changes in mining laws, taxes, and the decline in the Argentine peso. 
Here's what Navidad could mean. Spend $500 to $600 million raising cash plus some debt and you get 16 to 20 million ounces a year, with all-in sustaining costs of less than $10 at today's prices. That is an extra $100 million-plus per year incrementally . Said differently, you basically drop a Tahoe Resources (pre Lake Shore acquisition) into Pan American, which ought to be an extra $800 million of market cap, i.e., $5 to $6 per share. 
Despite all of the problems the miners have gone through in the last five years it is important not to lose sight of the fact that it is possible for companies to surpass expectations and demonstrate real momentum in their businesses. That said, I don't like using some of those words because it sounds like the verbiage game-playing that Wall Street is incessantly doing, but the fact is that Agnico Eagle and Pan American Silver will have a chance to deliver more than satisfactory results prospectively (however PAAS is far from cheaper than AEM), and I think soon we can add New Gold and potentially Goldcorp to that list (we shall see). 
A Rising Tide Lifts the Best Boats Regardless of whether one wants to own Pan American, I think last night's earnings report demonstrates what is possible in mining. If we can run higher metals prices through some of these business, folks might be surprised by how much money they can actually make. However, I want to be very clear, there are lot of mining companies that are in bad jurisdictions or have bad properties or managers who aren't that capable, so one needs to be quite selective. Included below are three questions and answers from the Q&A's with Bill Fleckenstein. Bonus Q&A Question: Regarding repatriation of funds that is largely a myth, the money is 'overseas' in name only. A large portion of the money in a companies foreign subsidiary is already invested in domestic investment companies, treasuries, and US dollars. Now eliminating the repatriation tax may allow for the money to be put to more productive use, which is a different argument. Answer from Fleck: ' Good point.' Question: CEF got slammed today. Discount to NAV now 12%, matching the discount at the lows in Jan/Feb. Answer from Fleck: ' Thanks.' Question: PAAS is killing it. This is the kind of earnings growth Silicon Valley Unicorns dream off way, way off several years in the future Am I too ebullient? Answer from Fleck: ' It was a spectacular quarter after a great one last quarter. They are doing really well. If it was a tech stock, it'd be up huge Tuesday.' *** To subscribe to Bill Fleckenstein's fascinating Daily Thoughts CLICK HERE. 
*** KWN has just released one of legendary Art Cashin's greatest audio interviews ever discussing the gold market at length, including the recent takedown in gold, what to surprises to expect in key markets as Trump becomes president, and what impact massive public works projects will have on the United States, inflation, gold, bonds, and much more. and you can listen to this extraordinary interview by CLICKING HERE OR ON THE IMAGE BELOW. 
***KWN has now released the extraordinary KWN audio interview with whistleblower Andrew Maguire, where he discusses the gold and silver smash, at what price the large sovereign wholesale bids are located, and much more, and you can listen to it by CLICKING HERE OR ON THE IMAGE BELOW. 
***ALSO JUST RELEASED: Is President Trump Really Going To Revalue Gold To This Jaw-Dropping Price? CLICK HERE. 
© 2015 by King World News®. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. However, linking directly to the articles is permitted and encouraged. About author

ARTICLE

5   King World News 
As the monetary madness continues around the globe continues, what is happening is stunning. 
Here is a portion of what Peter Boockvar wrote as the world awaits the next round of monetary madness: Coincident with the spike in Treasury yields, bankrate(dot)com said the average 30 yr mortgage rate rose another 11 bps yesterday to 3.88%, up 41 bps over the past week. It's the highest since early January and here is a chart giving the visual of the rapidity of the move… IMPORTANT… To find out which company is set to become one of the highest grade producing gold mines on the planet CLICK HERE OR BELOW: Sponsored 
I look forward to seeing mortgage applications tomorrow to see the initial response. To quantify, at last Monday's 30 yr rate of 3.47%, a $300k mortgage would have a monthly payment of $1,342.12. At the 3.88% rate, the monthly payment would increase by about $70 to $1,411.57, a 5.2% increase. 
The cost of capital is of course going up across the board and while I'm optimistic about growth initiatives to come, we've got to get past the move higher in rates because business activity and asset price gains have been built on the foundation of low rates over the past 7 years (as in the prior expansion). The US and the world also have an extraordinary amount of debt that has accumulated which has created the dangerous tinder for this rise in interest rates. 
King World News note: Mortgage rates based on the 10-Year Treasury have been headed dramatically higher as bonds plunge (see crashing chart below). 10-Year Treasuries Continue To Plunge As Interest Rates Rise 
King World News note: To illustrate how dramatically this has impacted mortgage rates, Wells Fargo's posted rates for a 30-year conforming loan have risen in the past couple of weeks from 3.5% to 4.25%! That's 3/4 of a point higher in just a couple of weeks. This will not bode well for the real estate market if the trend in higher interest rates continues. 
***   Hi-Yo Silver!  

ARTICLE

14 Views November 17, 2016 GOLD , KWN King World News 
Look at these markets seeing massive waterfall declines as other hit new highs as chaotic global trading continues. 
Mortgage rates based on the 10-Year Treasury have been headed dramatically higher as bonds continue their waterfall decline (see crashing chart below). Waterfall Decline In 10-Year Treasuries As Interest Rates Rise 
30-Year Treasuries are also in free fall… 30-Year Treasuries Continue To Plunge As Interest Rates Rise Meanwhile the U.S. Dollar is hitting new multi-year highs U.S. Dollar Hits New Multi-Year Highs And the Dow Jones is at new highs… Dow Jones Hits New All-Time Highs Along with the Nasdaq… Nasdaq Hits New All-Time Highs The bottom line is that the world is set for much more chaotic trading as the year comes to an end and we head into what will be a wild west atmosphere in global markets in 2017. Just remember, no matter what hell breaks loose, gold will stand the test of time. 
  Rick Rule  - A Look At 2017 And What Sprott Asset Management Is Doing With Our Clients' Money Right Now CLCK  

ARTICLE

71 Views November 17, 2016 GOLD , KWN , KWN II King World News 
After the decline in gold and silver, today one of the wealthiest and most street-smart pros in the business spoke with King World News about what they are doing at Sprott Asset Management with their money right now. 
Eric King: 'Rick, you had predicted that we would be weak in the metals and mining shares into the end of the year — your thoughts on what's happening?' 
Rick Rule: 'It's interesting because the markets reversed in the sense that the industrial materials markets, which were weak, have become a bit stronger, while the gold and silver markets, which were strong for the the first 7 months of the year, have become weaker… Continue reading the Rick Rule interview below… Advertisement To hear what billionaire Eric Sprott & Rick Rule are doing with their own money and which $7 billion company John Embry & Dr. Marc Faber oversee click on the logo: 
Rick Rule continues: ' I think a lot of that is due to the emotions and the narrative surrounding the Trump victory. People are trading the narrative that America will be great again, so the U.S. dollar is very strong and gold has weakened as a consequence. There is a sense that between the Chinese Silk Road and the planned infrastructure spending by Trump that this will drive demand for industrial commodities and at the same time this will strengthen the world economy. I think those premises are wrong. 
A Look At 2017 I think 2017 will see one of those unique situations where the dollar moves up as a consequence of the relative strength of the U.S. economy, but I also believe that gold will move higher as well as a consequence of negative real interest rates on a global basis and increasing realization among investors that the debt and deficits of various governments are not sustainable. 
With regards to the industrial metals, I don't think the demand creation will be there, but I think prices will move higher as a result of supply destruction. This will be a messier phenomenon but one that will generate larger price increases. 
Assuming that people took profits as I advocated in the summer on King World News, I think we will be looking at the same type of reload opportunity that we saw in late 1975 and late 2001 and early 2002. No bull market goes straight up. There are retrenchments that are normal and healthy and right now we are seeing exactly that. 
Here Is What Sprott Asset Management Is Doing The gold and silver mining shares have been hammered and that has created enormous opportunity for investors. We are carefully deploying capital at Sprott Asset Management into private placements with high-quality companies that we believe will experience significant upside moves as the market correction comes to an end. 
Looking at the start of 2017, the elites clearly do not like Trump, and this should create a lot of noise as he moves to push his agenda through Congress. That noise should be extremely positive for the gold market. So while it is possible that gold might remain weak at the start of the year, at some point we will see some real fireworks to the upside in 2017.' 
*** KWN has released one of legendary Art Cashin's greatest audio interviews ever discussing the gold market at length, including the recent takedown in gold, what to surprises to expect in key markets as Trump becomes president, and what impact massive public works projects will have on the United States, inflation, gold, bonds, and much more. and you can listen to this extraordinary interview by CLICKING HERE OR ON THE IMAGE BELOW. 
***KWN has also released the extraordinary KWN audio interview with whistleblower Andrew Maguire, where he discusses the gold and silver smash, at what price the large sovereign wholesale bids are located, and much more, and you can listen to it by CLICKING HERE OR ON THE IMAGE BELOW. 
  Former Soros Associate Just Warned The Pros Have Have It Wrong, Gold & Silver Will Skyrocket Like The 1970s CLCK  

ARTICLE

161 Views November 16, 2016 GOLD , KWN , KWN II King World News 
In the aftermath of what has been a wild couple of weeks of trading, today a former associate of George Soros told King World News that the professionals have it completely wrong and that gold and silver are going to skyrocket like the 1970s. 
Victor Sperandeo manages over $3 billion, has been in the business 45 years, and has worked with famous individuals such as Leon Cooperman and George Soros. Below is what Sperandeo had to say . 
Victor Sperandeo: ' The base metals are going through the roof. Why? Because inventories were so low and demand is picking up. Inflation is rising all over the world because all of the currencies across the globe have been plunging, except for the U.S. dollar… IMPORTANT: To find out which company Doug Casey, Rick Rule and Sprott Asset Management are pounding the table on that already has a staggering 18.1 million ounces of gold that just added another massive deposit and is quickly being recognized as one of the greatest gold opportunities in the world  - CLICK HERE OR BELOW: Sponsored 
And with regards to a Trump presidency, yes, you will get growth. But you will also get rising interest rates and rising inflation. If you look back to the 1970s, that's why gold went up 31 percent a year from 1971-1980 (see remarkable chart below). 
This is what the professionals are missing, Eric. We are going to have a lot of inflation going forward and that will be extremely bullish for both gold and silver, which will soon catch up to the rest of the industrial metals. People just need to look at the 1970s in order to understand the roadmap for higher gold and silver prices. 
The Days Of Low Inflation Are Over 5-year compounded rates of inflation are now at the lowest levels since 1961. 1.56 percent compounded is the rate of 5-year inflation. Again, Eric, that is the lowest in 55 years. The 10-year compounded rate of CPI is 1.87 percent per year. This is all coming to an end, Eric. Worldwide central banks have failed. Their policies have failed. Now there is going to be spending and debt will increase. Meaning, the days of low inflation have come to an end. 
Massive Inflation Is Coming  - Gold & Silver Will Skyrocket What we are looking at going forward is massive inflation. If you remember, Eric, inflation was so out of control in the 1970s that there were times when people would purchase a high-quality used car and it would be worth more money one year later than what they originally paid for it — that's how bad inflation was. And during that historic run, gold went up 25.5 times and silver went up 38 times in price. This is what the professionals are missing, Eric. The bottom line is that once again gold and silver are going to skyrocket.' 
*** KWN has just released one of legendary Art Cashin's greatest audio interviews ever discussing the gold market at length, including the recent takedown in gold, what to surprises to expect in key markets as Trump becomes president, and what impact massive public works projects will have on the United States, inflation, gold, bonds, and much more. and you can listen to this extraordinary interview by CLICKING HERE OR ON THE IMAGE BELOW. 
***KWN has now released the extraordinary KWN audio interview with whistleblower Andrew Maguire, where he discusses the gold and silver smash, at what price the large sovereign wholesale bids are located, and much more, and you can listen to it by CLICKING HERE OR ON THE IMAGE BELOW. 
  Is The World Going To See A Global Monetary Reset With QE Used To Purchase Gold? CLCK  

ARTICLE

(King World News) Paul Brodsky, Macro Allocation Inc. — Gold 
To 'take a flier' against consensus with long duration treasuries also suggests taking a flier with gold. Treasuries and gold are normally inversely correlated. In a typical economic cycle, declining treasury yields imply dollar strength, which in turn, suggests gold weakness. We argue that current conditions do not imply a normal economic cycle and that, in the current environment, long treasury positions may be best hedged  - and potentially enhanced  - with a long gold position. (For fixed income investors, this is reminiscent of hedging long MBS positions with long Treasury positions.)… IMPORTANT: To hear which legend just spoke with KWN about $8,000 gold and the coming mania in the gold, silver, and mining shares markets CLICK HERE OR ON THE IMAGE BELOW. 
In the current environment (imminent balance sheet recession), gold is the most convex asset we know. Gold hedges financial asset values by hedging the currency in which they are denominated. An increase in goods and service inflation reduces the purchasing power value of the currency while an increase in goods and service deflation reduces the supply of goods and services. The former is better understood than the latter because the frequency of inflation is so much greater. At the end of the day, gold is a hedge against balance sheet de-leveraging, whether it comes from a significant increase in the quantity of money or a significant decrease in the value of liabilities. A decrease in the value of treasury bonds, from either debt deflation or currency inflation would send the price of gold in the underlying currency higher. 
King World News note: It is very important to understand what Brodsky is saying in the paragraph below about the problem of higher interest rates in relation to investor portfolios and overall consumption. The Real Problem With Higher Interest Rates It is true that higher treasury yields would provide investors with positive carry that gold would not (unless investors choose to lend out gold in return for interest). Lost on investors that succumb to this thinking, however, is that with almost $20 trillion of treasury and agency debt outstanding, rising treasury yields would produce more debt deflation on existing portfolios than higher income from newly issued treasuries would stimulate consumption. 
You may find the discussion above dense, in large part because gold's characteristics are unfamiliar to most financial asset investors. After all, it is a shiny rock with no utility or income, a monetary relic of pre- digital generations. The way to think about gold is as a necessary monetary anchor if/when leveraged fiat currencies can no longer be supported by global banking systems and the global productive economy. In extremis, there would be no fiat currency winners, even the dollar. 
Simply, gold is the one item against which all currencies, and the assets and liabilities they value, can be re-valued by political and monetary authorities regardless of whether or not authorities coordinate a synchronized revaluation. It is the only politically-unsanctioned potential monetary asset banking systems cannot create and authorities cannot directly control. (Official gold holdings amount to about 22% of above-ground gold.) It is also the only asset on most central bank balance sheets that is not debt. The world's largest central banks and the IMF continue to store and add to their gold reserves, we surmise, because it might come in handy one day. 
The daily price of gold today, in dollars, euros, yen, etc., 1) handicaps the likelihood of the global monetary system failing; and 2) implicitly speculates an exchange rate against which fiat currencies would be converted if necessary. 
A Global Monetary Reset With QE Used To Purchase Gold? Were gold to again become a sanctioned monetary asset, the transformation would likely be executed by the political dimension through their banking systems, as it always has been. We would speculate that such a transformation, if necessary, would be coordinated by the G10, agreed upon through a treaty, and overseen by the IMF and BIS. It would be a one-time monetary reset, rather than a reversion of the global monetary system to a fixed-exchange rate system. 
Devaluing currencies to gold would be an expedient political solution to a global balance sheet recession. The reset would be similar in nature to debt jubilees periodically necessary since ancient times. The only difference here would be legal debt covenants would not have to be destroyed. Rather, the burden of servicing and repaying outstanding debt would be greatly reduced through inflation. The inflation would come from extreme central bank money creation used to purchase gold at higher prices  - QE for gold. The new money would add a couple zeros to assets while keeping the principal value of liabilities constant. 
A monetary reset that ties currencies to gold would not alter commerce. Consumers would not need gold in their pockets. Producers and merchants would be ostensibly satisfied that the debit cards consumers carry are backed by currency tied, even temporarily, to something finite. 
Owning Gold Is Not Just About A Monetary Reset Investors should not necessarily own gold today in anticipation of a global monetary reset. Circling back to a contemporary discussion of whether to own gold in concert with long duration treasuries and other financial assets, the increasing potential for fiscal stimulation through deficit spending increases the odds that already indebted currencies will be rejected by goods and service suppliers. Gold priced in fiat currencies could rise if those currencies do not produce an equal amount of revenue and income. In short, gold should re-price higher if/when global GDP falls and global liabilities don't. 
*** KWN has just released one of legendary Art Cashin's greatest audio interviews ever discussing the gold market at length, including the recent takedown in gold, what to surprises to expect in key markets as Trump becomes president, and what impact massive public works projects will have on the United States, inflation, gold, bonds, and much more. and you can listen to this extraordinary interview by CLICKING HERE OR ON THE IMAGE BELOW. 
***KWN has now released the extraordinary KWN audio interview with whistleblower Andrew Maguire, where he discusses the gold and silver smash, at what price the large sovereign wholesale bids are located, and much more, and you can listen to it by CLICKING HERE OR ON THE IMAGE BELOW. 
  As The Monetary Madness Continues, What Is Happening Is Stunning… CLICK  

ARTICLE

30 Views November 18, 2016 GOLD , KWN King World News 
With continued weakness in the precious metals markets, did this major divergence just trigger a bottom in gold and silver? 
The gold and silver markets are now showing a huge divergence which may prove to be a key in terms of seeing the bottom of this correction in the metals. Below we see that the price of gold (GLD used as a proxy) is hitting new lows (see chart below). 
At the same time, the price of silver is also hitting new lows (see chart below). Unlocking The Key: Here Is The Major Divergence 
Meanwhile, the HUI (Gold Mining Index) is diverging by trading above recent lows (see chart below). 
And the XAU (Gold Mining Index) is also diverging by trading above its recent lows (see chart below). 
KWN also spoke with one of the top mining CEO's today and he said, 'The selling in the mining stocks is looking very tired right now and they are just looking for an excuse to rally.'… IMPORTANT… To find out which company is set to become one of the highest grade producing gold mines on the planet CLICK HERE OR BELOW: Sponsored 
The divergence in the HUI and XAU mining indexes vs gold and silver is a major clue that a bottom may be forming. If the miners can hold above the recent lows that will give the signal that the correction has now officially come to an end and the uptrend in gold, silver, and the mining shares will resume. I t will be very interesting to see if this divergence did in fact mark a bottom in gold and silver in the days ahead. 
  Look At These Markets Seeing Massive Waterfall Declines As Chaotic Global Trading Continues  

ARTICLE

(King World News) From Jason Goepfert at SentimenTrader: 
Investors are starting to thaw Individuals in the AAII survey come roaring back to the bullish camp, a mixed blessing It takes a while for rapid changes in prices to be reflected in longer-term indicators, so some of the weekly series are just now reflecting the moves from the past 1-2 weeks. 
Among them, the weekly survey from the American Association of Individual Investors showed one of the largest two-week jumps in bullish opinion in the survey's history. 
King World News note: Although the overall bullish opinion is still 'muted,' the public is definitely increasing their appetite for stocks as the indexes hit new all-time highs. Of course this is the opposite of what we saw at the bottom of the stock markets in 2009. 
The chart and commentary above are from SentimenTrader. To try a free 14-day trial of the internationally acclaimed work that Jason Goepfert produces at SentimenTrader simply CLICK HERE. 
  Look At These Markets Seeing Massive Waterfall Declines As Chaotic Global Trading Continues  

ARTICLE

45 Views November 19, 2016 GOLD , KWN King World News 
For those who are worried about the plunge in the gold and silver markets… 
Dr. Stephen Leeb urges investors to hang in there after the plunge in gold and silver: 'Don't lose faith now. Please don't bail (out of gold and silver) at this critical moment. You had a huge move in a lot of these gold stocks. They've pulled back, but so what? It's a small price to pay for what's going to happen next. We are moving closer and closer to what I think is going to be the greatest bull market of anybody's lifetime that's alive today. Don't give up on this stuff now. Don't…For anyone who is worried about the plunge in the gold and silver markets I would urge you to continue listening to this extraordinarily powerful KWN audio interview with Stephen Leeb by CLICKING HERE OR ON THE IMAGE BELOW. 
***ALSO JUST RELEASED: Did This Just Signal A Major Bottom In Gold & Silver? CLCK HERE. 
© 2015 by King World News®. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. However, linking directly to the articles is permitted and encouraged. About author

ARTICLE

111925 Views November 19, 2016 KWN PLUS , TRENDING King World News FOR DIRECTIONS ON HOW TO PLAY OR DOWNLOAD AUDIOS: CLICK HERE Dr. Stephen Leeb: Chairman & Chief Investment Officer of Leeb Capital Management  - Dr. Leeb is a registered investment adviser and has been managing big cap growth portfolios since 1999. Over the last decade, his independently-verified performance record has been ranked in the top 5 percent among peers according to Informa's PSN manager database. Dr. Leeb is a New York Time's Best Selling author, eight books total on investments and financial trends. His latest book, Red Alert: How China's Growing Prosperity Threatens the American Way of Life (Business Plus, 2011). Biography of Dr. Stephen Leeb Chairman and Chief Investment Officer of Leeb Capital Management Dr. Stephen Leeb is a recognized authority on the stock market, macroeconomic trends and commodities, especially oil and precious metals. As Chairman and Chief Investment Officer of Leeb Capital Management, a registered investment advisor, Dr. Leeb has been managing big cap growth portfolios since 1999. Over the last decade, his independently-verified performance record has been ranked in the top 5 percent among peers according to Informa's PSN manager database. Dr. Leeb is also founder of the Leeb Group, which publishes a line of financial newsletters including The Complete Investor, Leeb's Income Performance Letter, Leeb's Real World Investing e-letter, and Leeb's Aggressive Trader, Leeb's Million Dollar Portfolio and Leeb's ETF World Alert e-letter. His total readership exceeds 250,000. The Complete Investor newsletter has earned two awards for Editorial Excellence. Dr. Leeb sits on various boards sharing his strategic perspectives on financial markets and natural resources. Since 2008, Dr. Leeb has been a Director of Plain Sight Systems, a technology holding company centered at Yale University. Plain Sight owns a world-class patent portfolio in areas such as information organization/search, computational analytics, electro-optics, and spectroscopy. These technologies are licensed to Fortune 500 companies and used as part of private buyouts and venture spin-offs. As part of Plain Sight, Dr. Leeb also sits on the board of Water Intelligence plc , due to be listed in June 2010 on AIM (London), operating in the water management space and Deep Markets Corporation , a division of Plain Sight developing next generation risk management applications. Dr. Leeb is also Head of the Advisory Board of Leor Exploration & Production LLC (since 2006  - present) and a member of the advisory boards of Electrum USA Ltd. (since 2007) and Los Gatos. Each of these companies explore for natural resources, especially precious metals and energy. Dr. Leeb is the author of seven books on investments and financial trends. His latest book, Game Over: How You Can Prosper in a Shattered Economy (Business Plus, 2009) predicts a permanent peak in global commodity production. His previous book, The New York Times best selling business book, The Coming Economic Collapse: How You Can Thrive When Oil Costs $200 a Barrel (Warner Books, 2006), predicted that tightness in global energy supplies would cause the American economy to oscillate between periods of recession and high inflation this century. Dr. Leeb's best seller, The Oil Factor: Protect Yourself and Profit from the Coming Energy Crisis (Warner Books, 2004), outlined the relationship between oil prices and stock market performance and accurately predicted the subsequent surge in oil prices. The book was rated among the top investment books of the year by Stock Trader's Almanac 2005. His earlier best seller, Defying the Market: Profiting in the Turbulent Post-Technology Market Boom (McGraw-Hill; 1999) predicted the collapse of technology stocks and the growing importance of oil, and other hard assets during the 21st century. The book was selected by Library Journal as one of the Best Business Books of 1999. His first book Getting in on the Ground Floor (Putnam, 1986) predicted the secular bull market in financial assets and the fall in inflation. The book was a main selection of the Money Book Club. Dr. Leeb earned his Bachelor's degree in Economics from the University of Pennsylvania's Wharton School of Business. He then completed both a Master's degree in Mathematics and a Ph.D. in Psychology at the University of Illinois. About author

ARTICLE

111928 Views November 19, 2016 BROADCAST King World News FOR DIRECTIONS ON HOW TO PLAY OR DOWNLOAD AUDIOS: CLICK HERE Dr. Stephen Leeb: Chairman & Chief Investment Officer of Leeb Capital Management  - Dr. Leeb is a registered investment adviser and has been managing big cap growth portfolios since 1999. Over the last decade, his independently-verified performance record has been ranked in the top 5 percent among peers according to Informa's PSN manager database. Dr. Leeb is a New York Time's Best Selling author, eight books total on investments and financial trends. His latest book, Red Alert: How China's Growing Prosperity Threatens the American Way of Life (Business Plus, 2011). Biography of Dr. Stephen Leeb Chairman and Chief Investment Officer of Leeb Capital Management Dr. Stephen Leeb is a recognized authority on the stock market, macroeconomic trends and commodities, especially oil and precious metals. As Chairman and Chief Investment Officer of Leeb Capital Management, a registered investment advisor, Dr. Leeb has been managing big cap growth portfolios since 1999. Over the last decade, his independently-verified performance record has been ranked in the top 5 percent among peers according to Informa's PSN manager database. Dr. Leeb is also founder of the Leeb Group, which publishes a line of financial newsletters including The Complete Investor, Leeb's Income Performance Letter, Leeb's Real World Investing e-letter, and Leeb's Aggressive Trader, Leeb's Million Dollar Portfolio and Leeb's ETF World Alert e-letter. His total readership exceeds 250,000. The Complete Investor newsletter has earned two awards for Editorial Excellence. Dr. Leeb sits on various boards sharing his strategic perspectives on financial markets and natural resources. Since 2008, Dr. Leeb has been a Director of Plain Sight Systems, a technology holding company centered at Yale University. Plain Sight owns a world-class patent portfolio in areas such as information organization/search, computational analytics, electro-optics, and spectroscopy. These technologies are licensed to Fortune 500 companies and used as part of private buyouts and venture spin-offs. As part of Plain Sight, Dr. Leeb also sits on the board of Water Intelligence plc , due to be listed in June 2010 on AIM (London), operating in the water management space and Deep Markets Corporation , a division of Plain Sight developing next generation risk management applications. Dr. Leeb is also Head of the Advisory Board of Leor Exploration & Production LLC (since 2006  - present) and a member of the advisory boards of Electrum USA Ltd. (since 2007) and Los Gatos. Each of these companies explore for natural resources, especially precious metals and energy. Dr. Leeb is the author of seven books on investments and financial trends. His latest book, Game Over: How You Can Prosper in a Shattered Economy (Business Plus, 2009) predicts a permanent peak in global commodity production. His previous book, The New York Times best selling business book, The Coming Economic Collapse: How You Can Thrive When Oil Costs $200 a Barrel (Warner Books, 2006), predicted that tightness in global energy supplies would cause the American economy to oscillate between periods of recession and high inflation this century. Dr. Leeb's best seller, The Oil Factor: Protect Yourself and Profit from the Coming Energy Crisis (Warner Books, 2004), outlined the relationship between oil prices and stock market performance and accurately predicted the subsequent surge in oil prices. The book was rated among the top investment books of the year by Stock Trader's Almanac 2005. His earlier best seller, Defying the Market: Profiting in the Turbulent Post-Technology Market Boom (McGraw-Hill; 1999) predicted the collapse of technology stocks and the growing importance of oil, and other hard assets during the 21st century. The book was selected by Library Journal as one of the Best Business Books of 1999. His first book Getting in on the Ground Floor (Putnam, 1986) predicted the secular bull market in financial assets and the fall in inflation. The book was a main selection of the Money Book Club. Dr. Leeb earned his Bachelor's degree in Economics from the University of Pennsylvania's Wharton School of Business. He then completed both a Master's degree in Mathematics and a Ph.D. in Psychology at the University of Illinois. About author

ARTICLE

79   GOLD , KWN King World News 
On the heels of continued chaos in key markets, radical changes are in store for the world and global markets. 
Radical Changes Are Coming On the heels of the release of his KWN audio interview covering the gold smash and urging investors to remain strong, KWN did a follow-up interview with Dr. Leeb because of the intensity of the recent takedown in gold, silver, and the mining shares: 'If you're worried that gold's post-election drop means the bull market in the metal that we've been predicting is a mirage, relax. The current dip in gold, while it could last a month or two longer, is merely a slight head fake in a bull market more on course than ever to be of momentous proportions… IMPORTANT: To hear which legend just spoke with KWN about $8,000 gold and the coming mania in the gold, silver, and mining shares markets CLICK HERE OR ON THE IMAGE BELOW. 
If we had to sum it up in a single (albeit long) sentence, here it is: Trump's victory and the market's subsequent turbulence signals a seismic shift in market leadership to commodity-led growth; U.S. imports of increasingly scarce and ever more costly commodities will rise drastically and so will inflation that a behind-the-curve Fed will be helpless to curb; the eventual, inevitable upshot will be that commodity producers will become increasingly reluctant to take paper money for their ever scarcer resources and will want some more durable asset like, you guessed it, gold. 
That's the case for gold in broad outline. Now for the supporting evidence. 
Let's start with the reality that the U.S. has been blindly complacent about commodities, which will be required in massive amounts for the big infrastructure push Trump has promised. The U.S. Geological Survey tracks around 65 vital commodities and minerals. For over 40 of them we import more than half our needs; for 25 (about 40 percent), we import at least 90 percent of our needs. We used to be far less dependent on other nations. At the beginning of this century we imported 90 percent or more of our needs for only a quarter of important commodities and imported 50 percent or more for about half. 
If you wonder why that's a big deal, the problem is that those resources will be increasingly difficult and costly to obtain as they become scarcer. And scarcities are inevitable  - in fact, they've begun. The chart of the index of raw industrials, the prices businesses pay in real time for the commodities they use (as opposed to futures trading) is revealing. Remarkably, it shows that even at the nadir of the Great Recession, when capitalism's very existence seemed precarious, the index stood 20 percent higher than its average during the 1990s. There is no way to explain this other than by realizing that commodities had become scarcer than in the previous decade. 
Since the 2008 crash, global growth has been strong only in 2010 and the first half of 2011. In this period, the index far surpassed its 2008 high. After 2011, world growth retreated to recessionary levels until mid-2016, when just a hint of growth sent commodities almost to their pre-Great Recession peak. Now with commodity-intensive infrastructure a worldwide imperative, they are destined to go well past their all-time highs. 
But What About Gold? So why hasn't gold gotten the message yet? One reason is that with gold rightfully seen more as a currency than a commodity, and with inflation still low, the market has some illusions that perhaps we're going back to the 1990s Goldilocks era of strong growth and low inflation. But the emergence of commodity scarcities will nix that possibility. 
The only reason the markets haven't already caught on is one recalcitrant commodity: oil. With oil prices lagging, headline inflation has remained low and the Fed still behaves as if it will remain low forever. But once oil gets into the act, headline inflation will jump and everything that requires oil  - including virtually every other commodity  - will jump as well. 
Here is a look at a few key reasons why oil will rise. Right now, with virtually every producer producing at full throttle, oil is about 750,000 barrels a day in oversupply. That will change either because OPEC at its meeting later this month acts to cut production or because increased demand overtakes the world's ability to produce. Above is a sign from the 1970s warning consumers about gas shortages 
OPEC Will Move To Raise Oil Prices We think OPEC will act, and it won't have to cut by much to reverse the current situation of oversupply. OPEC currently produces about 34 million barrels a day, a record amount, and is estimated to have no more than about 1 million barrels of excess supply  - and even that could be overstating it. Over the past five years the cartel's production has averaged about 31 million barrels a day. At its peak in 2015 it was producing less than 33 million barrels. Even returning to that previous peak would easily turn a glut into a deficit. 
And with the IEA estimating demand in 2017 will grow by 1.2 million barrels a day  - likely an underestimate in light of the push for infrastructure  - it's hard to avoid the conclusion that we're headed for an oil deficit. That means big-time gains in oil prices and in inflation. If you think fracking will fill the gap, it won't. Even with three-digit oil, frackers will find it tough to add even half a million barrels of oil to current production. Remember, fracking is resource-intensive, so its costs rise when commodity prices go up  - and much of the recent gains in fracking productivity come from vast increases in the amount of sand and water used to frack the wells. 
Gold Liftoff! Once oil joins the party, all the commodity pieces will be in place for gold to take off. Remember, gold was far stronger than industrial commodities during the 2001 to 2008 boom and again during the second commodity upleg between 2009 and 2011. 
As for the Fed, we don't expect it to take a strong stand against inflation, not with a Trump administration that has little fear of debt and that will likely view even high inflation as better for business than slow or even negative growth. Protracted slow growth has fractured America and the world, and the 1970's high inflation harmed Wall Street. Not much of a choice for a populist administration. 
Bottom line: the world has taken another giant leap to a future with little place for paper currencies and in which gold will become the monetary center. So stop worrying about gold's current weakness and buy gold, which will be by far your best protection in a tumultuous future. While commodities and commodity-levered stocks will lead the market for the foreseeable future, gold (and other precious metals) will end up winning the race…As mentioned in the opener, KWN also released a completely separate audio interview today with Dr. Leeb covering the takedown in the gold and silver markets. T o listen to the extraordinarily powerful audio interview where Dr. Leeb urged investors to stay strong ahead of what he predicted 'is going to be the greatest bull market of anybody's lifetime that's alive today ' CLICK HERE OR ON THE IMAGE BELOW. 
***ALSO JUST RELEASED: Did This Just Signal A Major Bottom In Gold & Silver? CLCK HERE. 
© 2015 by King World News®. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. However, linking directly to the articles is permitted and encouraged. About author

ARTICLE

33 Views November 20, 2016 GOLD , KWN King World News 
On the heels of another wild week, today the man who has become legendary for his predictions on QE, historic moves in currencies, and major global events, spoke with King World News about how devastating the coming worldwide financial destruction will be. 
World Will See Devastating Global Financial Destruction Egon von Greyerz: 'Very few people realize the enormous wealth transfer that will take place in the next 5 years. Most will lose 75-90% of their wealth and some 100%. What is interesting is that investors needn't lose most of their money if they took a few measures to protect their fortune. I often speak to Family Offices who built fortunes from the $100s of million to many billions. Without exception, they believe that it is there skill in building a business or investing that has created these fortunes. It clearly requires a lot of skill and a bit of luck to build a sizable fortune. But the magnitude of wealth today is not due to investment skills but the enormous creation of credit and money printing that the world has experienced since the creation of the Fed in 1913. This has created a global growth in asset values of unparalleled proportions… 
Continue reading the Egon von Greyerz interview below… 
In a King World News interview I spoke with the man who predicted the Swiss National Bank would experience staggering losses and that the Fed would also experience massive losses that will destabilize the global financial system! His company is the only one in the world offering a precious metals investment service outside the banking system, with direct ownership and full control by the investor. He has also become legendary for his predictions on QE, historic moves in currencies, and major global events. To find out what he and his company can do to help answer that age old question for you CLICK HERE. Sponsored 
Egon von Greyerz continues: ' Stocks have been a massive beneficiary of the biggest monetary expansion that the world has ever experienced. If we look at the Dow since the last major economic cycle started in the early 1980s, we find the most remarkable rise. In early 1980, the Dow was at 850 and today we are 18,870. That is a rise of 18,000 Dow points in 36 years. This means that the Dow has gone up by 9% per year on average since 1981. A 9% annual increase means that the index doubles every 8 years. What a great investment. You buy stocks in 1980 for $10,000 and today in 2016 you have $220,000 without having to lift a finger. On top of that there has been a dividend yield of around 2% on average. But this growth in the stock market has not just happened on its own accord. Stocks don't grow at 9% annually for 36 years without some rocket fuel. And the explanation is very simple. Debt has provided the fuel. Because US debt has also grown by 9% annually since 1981. So the recipe for becoming a successful and loved president is just to print and borrow money. There is an absolute correlation between the increase in US debt and the growth in the stock market. 
Reagan knew the secret. During his reign, he tripled debt from $900 billion to $2.6 trillion, leading to a tripling of the Dow from 900 to 2,700. And so it continued. Clinton didn't have to print as much money to get the market up but Bush Jr. had to almost double debt and still the market ended lower than when he took over eight years earlier. Obama doubled both debt and the Dow in line with the longer trend. 
The problem for Trump is that we are now at the point of diminishing returns and this started with George W already. When Bush Jr. took over, the Dow was 10,800 and now it is 18,800, a 74% increase. But to achieve that 74% rise in the Dow, debt had to go up by 250%. This means that Trump will have to print an awful lot of money to keep the stock market going up. Bearing in mind that the Dow is at record levels with P/E at over 20 and corporate profits falling, this is going to be virtually impossible to achieve. The chances for Trump to be re-elected after four years are very slim due to the present high level of the stock market together with record debt. Much better to become president with a weak economy and weak market like Reagan did. 
In 1929 the Dow peaked at 400 and then collapsed to 40 in 1932. This 90% fall occurred at a point when economic conditions in the US and globally were a lot more benign then they are today. Since 1981 the Dow has gone up 22x. With the world experiencing a historical asset and credit bubble of unprecedented proportions, an implosion of debt could easily see the Dow down 90% like in 1929-32, or probably even 95% to get back to the 850 level where this bull market started. This would mean a fall of 95% in real terms. I say real terms because it is not unlikely that we will see the biggest money printing experiment in history with central banks worldwide printing trillions or even quadrillions of dollars in a futile attempt to save the financial system and the world economy. This massive money printing could lead to the Dow reaching much higher levels in nominal or hyperinflationary terms. 
The best way to measure the Dow in real terms is against gold. Gold is the only money which has survived in the last 5,000 years and gold represents stable purchasing power. Over time gold doesn't go up. Instead it is paper or fiat money that goes down until it reaches zero. 
The Dow/Gold ratio peaked in 1999 and is now in a downtrend. Once the current correction is finished the ratio will continue down towards the 1:1 level like in 1980 when the Dow was 850 and Gold was $850. The only question is at what level the Dow and gold will be when they reach the 1:1 ratio. Will it be Dow 10,000 and Gold $10,000? Or will we see hyperinflationary levels of 100,000 Dow and $100,000 gold? The absolute level is really irrelevant. Because at whatever level they meet it will involve a catastrophic loss of real capital for a stock market investor. 
When the ratio reaches 1:1 this means a loss of more than 90% in real terms for stock market investors  - $ 1 million in stocks would be worth less than $100,000 in today's money. And remember that the last time a 90% fall happened in the Dow in 1929-32, it took 25 years to get back to the previous peak. 
Finally, the property market has also been fueled by the credit explosion. I meet many wealthy investors who believe that property is the best form of wealth preservation. It is of course true that property has been a fantastic investment for the last 100 years. For hundreds of years before 1913, inflation remained stable at 1-2% per year. It was the same with property values. A house in the early 1700s did not move much in price for 200 years until the early 1900s. But the creation of the Fed lead to credit growth and money printing of exponential proportions in most of the Western world. And this is why property prices have moved up 1,000s of percent in the last 100 years. But to believe that property now represents real value after the biggest rise in history is very dangerous. In the last few years this bubble has additionally been fueled by virtually free money with interest rates at zero or even negative. 
In gold terms US homes peaked in the early 1970s. The fall of an average US home against gold has been 87% since then. It could seem that US housing will not fall much further from these levels. But when we look at the high level of lending in this market combined with low interest rates, it is likely that housing in the Western world will decline substantially from here. A minimum target is the 1980 level which would involve a 50% fall in real terms which is against gold. But bearing in mind the bubble nature of this market, it is more likely that we will see a 75-90% fall from here which means down to at least 10 on the index in the chart below. 
The fall in asset prices and the consequent increase in the value of gold could happen in the next five years. If that will be the case, investors in stocks and property will lose 75-95% of their assets in real terms. This should not be seen as sensational levels but only a healthy correction after the biggest asset and debt bubbles in history. Yes, it will involve misery and a major adjustment for most people. But this is a necessary adaptation for the world to start growing again without excessive debt. Because with debts of $250 trillion and derivatives in the quadrillions, there is no chance for the world economy to advance. All this debt must implode together with the assets that it has backed. 
Gold will clearly offer protection against the coming wealth destruction. But it must be physical, held outside the financial system and outside the country of residence of the investor. Gold must also be kept in a politically safe country with a gold ethos. 
The current correction in the gold price should be totally ignored. It is due to manipulation and a dollar which is temporarily strong. It is critical to be covered against the risks that I have outlined above and gold is the most important protection that anyone can own. People who don't own gold are exposed to monumental financial and human risks.” 
T o listen to the extraordinarily powerful audio interview where Dr. Leeb urged investors to stay strong ahead of what he predicted 'is going to be the greatest bull market of anybody's lifetime that's alive today ” CLICK HERE OR ON THE IMAGE BELOW. 
***ALSO JUST RELEASED: Radical Changes Are In Store For The World And Global Markets, Are You Ready? CLCK HERE. 
© 2015 by King World News®. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. However, linking directly to the articles is permitted and encouraged. About author

ARTICLE

54 Views November 21, 2016 GOLD , KWN King World News 
As we kick off the fourth week of trading in November, this is the real reason why the public is broke and the middle class is being destroyed. 
James Turk: ' It is good to see gold and silver starting the week in a positive way with their prices stabilizing, Eric. When you look at the recent dip in prices, it's been a rough couple of weeks. But then again, when you see distortions like backwardation in the market, it is a good time to buy… Sponsored 
Gold and silver went into a steep backwardation after Trump's victory, with the spot price above the price for December delivery. In fact, even though December delivery begins in just over a week, spot gold and silver are still backwardated. So the demand for physical metal remains strong. 
I have been expecting to see strength in the precious metals as we work toward the end of the year. It's always impossible to predict when the short-term trend will turn, but it is time for a short-term trend reversal. This week often sees them. 
With the US celebrating Thanksgiving on Thursday, there are only three days of trading. So look for short covering and buying by bargain hunters to take the precious metals higher this week. In fact, with today's action, I expect that both gold and silver are now beginning the long road back to higher prices. As they do so, gold and silver will simply be resuming this year's uptrend. 
After a couple of weeks like we just had, it is easy to lose sight that gold and silver are up 14% and 20% respectively year-to-date. Owning physical gold and physical silver allows everyone over the long-term to keep their head above water, which is not easy to do as the dollar and other currencies continue to lose purchasing power. 
Part of the problem, Eric, is that it is hard to see how badly currencies are doing. It is a natural tendency to focus on the short-term, so it is easy to lose sight of the long-term. To illustrate this point, I was reading the latest report of ShadowStats.com , and this chart literally jumped off the page when I saw it. It is very revealing. 
This chart shows average weekly wages in the US, adjusted for inflation in two ways. First, it shows what has happened to average weekly wages in the US after adjusting the loss of dollar purchasing power by using the Consumer Price Index as prepared and reported by the federal government, which is the red line. 
It shows that even by the government's own measure, wages are below where they were in the 1960s and 1970s. People's standards of living are not improving. 
Williams Exposes How The Middle Class Is Being Systematically Destroyed The blue line is calculated by ShadowStats, using the CPU formula used by the federal government in 1990. It shows what is really happening to wages and the purchasing power of the dollar. 
The big difference in these two lines results from the changes the federal government made to the CPI formula. The cumulative effect of these changes have made US dollar inflation look much smaller than it really is. 
When looking at a chart like this, it is little wonder why Trump won. This chart also makes clear why it is foolhardy to rely on government statistics. It also shows why owning gold is important. 
In 1990, the average price of crude oil was $24.50, and the average gold price was $384. So one ounce of gold could buy 15.6 barrels of crude oil. Over the past year, crude oil has averaged $41.80 per barrel, while the average price of gold was $1,240, which is equivalent to 29.7 barrels of crude oil. This is just one example of why gold is good money. It is money that protects your hard earned purchasing power. 
  Are You Prepared For The Unwinding Of The Biggest Bubble In History?  

ARTICLE

74 Views November 21, 2016 GOLD , KWN , KWN II King World News 
With the Thanksgiving Day holiday on Thursday of this week, are you prepared for the unwinding of the biggest bubble in history? 
Here is a portion of what Peter Boockvar wrote today as the world awaits the next round of monetary madness: I want to start the week by saying I believe 'secular stagnation' is bulls**t. As a believer in free trade and comparative advantage and thus with hopes that no trade battles take place in the next 4 years, I want to reiterate my optimism over the potential liberation of the US economy via lower and more competitive tax rates and an easing of the regulatory strait jacket all around the economy. This said, before we get to that economically better place (which we no doubt will I believe) I can't help but be on alert about what the implications are of an unwinding of the biggest bubble ever created, that of credit via the helping hands of our central bankers… IMPORTANT: To find out which high-grade silver mining company billionaire Eric Sprott just purchased a nearly 20% stake in and learn why he believes this is one of the most exciting silver stories in the world  - CLICK HERE OR BELOW: Sponsored 
As a reminder, back in October the IMF quantified the extent of this credit bubble by saying that global debt reached $152 Trillion in 2015 or 225% of world GDP (see attached chart), a record high. They said 'about two thirds of this debt consists of liabilities of the private sector.' Thus, simply stated, this is the context that a rise in global interest rates comes in. The caveat on this debt build up though is stated by the IMF, 'there is no consensus about how much is too much.' Staggering Global Debt Hits Record High Sources: Abbas and others 2010; Bank for International Settlements; Dealogic; IMF, International Financial Statistics; IMF, Standardized Reporting Forms; IMF, World Economic Outlook; Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development; and IMF staff estimates. Note: U.S. = United States. 
According to SIFMA (Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association), US bond market debt of which will be impacted by the rise in rates totaled $40.7T at the end of Q2 (a similar ratio to GDP as the world ratio). This debt consists of Treasury, municipal, mortgage related, corporate debt, federal agency securities, money markets, and asset backed. 
Higher Interest Rates To Impact Key Markets Direct to consumer, higher rates will of course influence auto's and housing (negatively on the cost of funding a home purchase but positively for first time buyers where hopefully higher rates slows down the persistent 5%+ rate of home price gains). 
Corporate earnings will be helped by faster revenue growth in coming years from lower tax rates and reduced regulations but the lever of lowered interest expense, likely a slowdown in debt driven stock buybacks, multiple compression and the negative impact of a higher cost of capital for both businesses and individuals will be an offset. 
Bottom Line Bottom line, central banks have been suppressing the beach ball under water for nearly 10 years and that ball finally saw some air. In particular, a gradual rise in rates is the choice of the Fed stated a multitude of times but gradual is of course not what we've seen from the market. In a world of epic debt levels, it would be naïve not to worry about the end of the 35 year bull market in bonds irrespective of the economic positives that a Trump presidency will bring. 
  Look At This Shocking Preview Of How Devastating The Worldwide Financial Destruction Will Be  

ARTICLE

22 Views November 21, 2016 GOLD , KWN King World News 
Look at the stunning levels of extreme action in gold, silver, U.S. dollar and the stock market post-election. 
Below you can see the commercial short interest in the gold market. The commercials have been decreasing their short position as the price of gold has declined. 
Below you can see the sentiment in the gold market, which has reached levels showing extreme pessimism. IMPORTANT: To find out which company Doug Casey, Rick Rule and Sprott Asset Management are pounding the table on that already has a staggering 18.1 million ounces of gold that just added another massive deposit and is quickly being recognized as one of the greatest gold opportunities in the world  - CLICK HERE OR BELOW: Sponsored 
The chart below shows extreme pessimism in the silver market as well. 
You can also see that large amounts of money have been flowing out SLV, the silver ETF. 
You can also see that the U.S. dollar has now reached levels showing extreme optimism (see chart below). 
Public Becoming More Bullish On Stocks For those who are interested in the stock market, check out the bullish sentiment chart below that shows the public becoming more bullish on stocks as markets hit new highs. 
The bottom line is that post-election market moves have been extreme and may be getting close to a reversal in stocks, the dollar as well as gold and silver. It would also appear that the endless talk about the commercial short positions in both metals coupled with the bullish advance coming on the heels of a brutal 5-year cyclical bear market is keeping a healthy level of 'fear' in the early stages of the newest leg of the bullish advance. So it will be very interesting to see how gold and silver trade from current levels in the days and weeks ahead. 
T o listen to the extraordinarily powerful audio interview where Dr. Leeb urged investors to stay strong ahead of what he predicted 'is going to be the greatest bull market of anybody's lifetime that's alive today ' CLICK HERE OR ON THE IMAGE BELOW. 
***ALSO JUST RELEASED: This Is The Real Reason Why The Public Is Broke And The Middle Class Is Being Destroyed CLCK HERE. 
© 2015 by King World News®. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. However, linking directly to the articles is permitted and encouraged. About author

ARTICLE

47 Views November 22, 2016 GOLD , KWN King World News 
Is the 34-year bull market in U.S. bonds over? And how will this impact gold, silver, and the Canadian dollar? Is The 34 Year Bull Market In U.S. Bonds Over? U.S. 30-Year Treasury: 3% Yield A Real Possibility! Fitzpatrick also noted the November 2015 high of 2.37%, and the 2015 high of 2.5% on the U.S. 10-Year yield. Fitzpatrick stated, 'A break above those levels (noted on the chart above) would open the way to the 3.00-3.05% area which was the 'taper tantrum' peaks.' Of course this would mean much higher mortgage rates, which would weaken prices of real estate. U.S. Dollar Has Underperformed Canadian Dollar Relative To Other Currencies Is This About To Trigger A Major Upside Move In Gold & Silver? The reason this is important is because a move on the U.S. Dollar vs Canadian Dollar from the 1.34 zone to the 1.19 area would translate into a massive 11.2 percent swing in favor of the Canadian currency. Fitzpatrick stated, 'For such a move to happen it is almost certain that our bullish view of a move above $60 in WTI (Crude Oil) would have to occur.' For what it's worth, this would also be highly inflationary and would most likely translate into significantly higher gold and silver prices as well as the high-quality mining shares. 
  Dow & Nasdaq Hit All-Time Highs But The Stock Market Is On Borrowed Time, And Will India Ban Gold Imports?  

ARTICLE

November 22 ( King World News )  - Overnight bond markets enjoyed a nice bounce, with the exception of Japan, while equity markets followed bonds. Here in America, the early going saw the indices modestly higher… IMPORTANT: To find out which company the richest man in China has invested in, one that Rick Rule and Sprott Asset Management are pounding the table on that is quickly being recognized as one of the greatest investment opportunities in the world  - CLICK HERE OR BELOW: Sponsored 
Over the course of the day the market drifted sort of sideways and was just modestly higher with an hour to go, when I had to leave. 
Away from stocks, green paper was slightly higher, oil was flat, and fixed bounced while the metals were mixed, with silver a couple of pennies higher and gold a little lower. 
Still Voting (With Their Wallets) It has now been a couple of weeks since the election and the major indices have all hit new highs. However, I am trying not to draw any definitive conclusions until we learn more about who is going to populate the Trump administration and exactly what they plan to try to accomplish. That said, no matter who they pick I expect there is going to be a fair amount of friction. 
I also want to give the equity market some time to finish its somewhat emotional reaction to the election. I say 'emotional' because, when looking back at what occurred in 1980, obviously emotion and optimism trumped the facts for some space of time, but it eventually took a couple of years of pain before real positives outweighed the negatives. We have a much, much worse hand to play now, although that is not to say we can't all be better off in a couple of years from an economic standpoint — and that has to be the hope of everyone. 
Nevertheless, I continue to believe that all of this semi-euphoria is a head-fake, although I think the bond markets are definitely right to finally stop discounting deflation and start the process of discounting inflation. Included below are three questions and answers from the Q&A's with Bill Fleckenstein. Bonus Q&A Question: Hi Bill, Traders question: over the next 3 months, what offers more upside, the metals or the miners? Thank you Answer from Fleck: ' Miners, IMO.' Will India Ban Gold Imports? Question: Rumor has it that India is about to ban imports of gold. What do you think the chances are that this will really occur? And if so, how negative would it be for the price of gold? Answer from Fleck: ' Zero. And quite negative.' Question: Hi Bill, In your recent daily rap, you indicated that the stock market is on borrowed time. In the background of rising usd, are you confident that gold and silver will rise as a result the upcoming market correction. I thought in February that a weak dollar factored into the spectacular growth of miners. Answer from Fleck: ' If stocks decline for real, the dollar probably will as well. There are many factors at work at all times, and it is easy to pick one and say that it is THE variable. Thus, what happened early in the year was a function of more than just a weak spot for the dollar.' *** To subscribe to Bill Fleckenstein's fascinating Daily Thoughts CLICK HERE. 
  A Turn In The Tide, Plus A Remarkable Look At The Kennedy And Lincoln Assassinations  

ARTICLE

82 Views November 22, 2016 GOLD , KWN , KWN II King World News 
With continued uncertainty in global markets, are we seeing a turn in the tide? Plus a remarkable look at the Kennedy and Lincoln assassinations. 
A portion of today's note from Art Cashin: On this day in 1963, the President of the United States, John Kennedy, was fatally shot while riding in a motorcade in Dallas, Texas. His assassin (as you may have heard), was Lee Harvey Oswald, who fired from the Texas Schoolbook Depository. But…of course…you know all that! The event has been the subject of several movies, at least three national investigations, countless TV specials, a few hundred books, a million magazine articles and several theories. 
Having been exposed to all this, you are no doubt aware of all the trivia and oddities. There's the Kennedy/Lincoln oddity. Jack Kennedy's personal secretary was named Lincoln…just as Abe Lincoln's secretary was named Kennedy. Both secretaries had pleaded with their bosses not to go to the place where they were shot. Both Presidents were succeeded by guys named Johnson. Both Johnson's were Southerners and former Senators. Both Johnson's were born 100 years apart. Kennedy and Lincoln were elected 100 years apart. John Wilkes Booth and Lee Harvey Oswald were born 100 years apart. Both Kennedy and Lincoln were assassinated on a Friday while sitting next to their wives. Booth shot Lincoln in a theater and tried to hide in a warehouse. Oswald was in a warehouse when he shot Kennedy, he then tried to hide in a theater. But…you recall all that. 
And, if you recall all that, you probably recall that it had been raining in Dallas earlier that morning. That, fearing a bad hair day, Jackie Kennedy suggested putting the bubble top on the limo. Then, when the sun came out, the Secret Service decided to skip the bubble top. 
So, then you also recall the reports that Oswald was considering dropping his plans the night before, but a buzz-off from the wife sent him back to his plot. Which means you certainly recall that the initial reports indicated that both the President and Vice President had been killed. And when they brought that report to Speaker John McCormack (still lunching in the House Dining Room), he froze at the thought that, at age 71, he was suddenly the President of the U.S. He froze so literally that he was unable even to stand up and only recovered when he was told LBJ was still alive. 
On the floor of the NYSE selling had begun before any headlines hit the tape. Months later I learned that was thanks to a savvy branch manager in Dallas. 
Since Presidents didn't travel widely in 1963, he thought he would give much of the staff a treat by letting them go out and watch the Presidential parade. He kept a skeleton crew and sent the others out to watch the parade, which was due to pass about a block away. 
Rather shortly the gang wandered back in looking somewhat glum and disappointed. 'What happened'?, asked the manager. 'Parade got canceled' mumbled one of the returnees. 
After questioning, he learned that they had heard the sirens accelerate, the police lights flare and the 'parade' suddenly turned right. They were many blocks away and obviously heard no shots. 
The savvy manager quickly asked  - 'Give me a bullish reason to pull a President out of a parade?''It's not to sign a tax bill  - that could wait.' No one could think of a bullish reason to divert a parade. Then they mulled bearish reasons. No one thought assassination. But they did think natural disaster, nuclear accident, missile threat and scores of others. That's when they decided something 'bad' must have happened and began to sell. 
As their sell orders poured onto the floor and prices began to melt, they were asked by brokers  - 'Why the selling?' The response was the incomplete  - 'something about the President.' 
Sometime later, the first headline hit  - 'Shots reported fired at President's motorcade!' The selling broadened an accelerated. Rather quickly the next headline  - 'President reported hit.' 
Exchange leaders hastily gathered and discussed closing the Exchange. Then the headline 'Motorcade diverted to Parkland Hospital.' They rang the bell at 2:07 (EST). 
The Dow fell the equivalent of what would be 460 points today. When we reopened Tuesday, there was such a sigh of relief that power had been transferred and the Constitution still functioned, that a massive rally erupted, soaring the equivalent of 710 points. An unforgettable period. 
Overnight And Overseas  - In Asia, most markets were better. Tokyo shrugged off the earthquake and closed moderately higher as did Shanghai and India. Hong Kong was sharply higher led by the Macau gang. Manila was odd man out, falling sharply, led by real estate. 
In Europe, the FTSE is red hot, led by mining stocks. On the continent, almost all markets are higher, but in somewhat lighter volume. 
The metals are percolating, with several trading 'up limit'. The U.S. dollar is softer against the euro, the pound and even the Australian dollar. Crude soared overnight but is now backing off the highs. 
Consensus  - Let's watch crude, which reached a technical count target and has begun to ease back. A turn in the tide? Too early to tell. 
They are somewhat overbought but 19,000 may be too tempting a target. Stick with the drill  - stay wary, alert and very, very nimble. May you and all your hold dear have your most wonderful Thanksgiving ever! 
  Look At The Stunning Levels Of Extreme Action In Gold, Silver, U.S. Dollar And Stock Market  

ARTICLE

259 Views November 23, 2016 GOLD , KWN King World News 
Last year , Richard Russell made one of his last and most shocking predictions ever. Below is what the Godfather of newsletter writers had to say. 
With gold breaking $1,200 and the bond market continuing its waterfall decline, it is a great day to step back and look at the big picture as seen through Russell's eyes. 
Richard Russell's Memories Of The Great Depression ( King World News )  - From legendary Richard Russell: 'In the 90 years that I have been on this earth I have never felt good about myself. But lately, after much soul searching, I finally accepted that I am a good person and deserve to treat myself better. I grew up during the Great Depression and I learned to always order the cheapest item on the menu in restaurants. In those difficult days, a penny saved was like a dollar earned… IMPORTANT… To find out which company is set to become one of the highest grade producing gold mines on the planet Sponsored 
Frightened, People Wouldn't Pay $10,000 For A Building In New York City I remember well during 1932, that real estate parcels in New York City were often for sale for $10,000 cash. Yet they didn't sell because people were afraid to put down $10,000 cash on a New York City building. Anybody who had cash refused to part with it regardless of the huge possible return on their money. If you had cash, you thanked God that you had it and no investment was juicy enough to entice you to put down your money. Thus, New York real estate was selling at giveaway prices and it stayed that way until the Great Depression ended. 
I remember full-course Sunday dinners at top restaurants being offered for a dollar or less. I remember admission to neighborhood movies (double features) for 15 cents, and you could stay the whole night sleeping in your seat to stay out of the winter cold. 
Lessons From Late 1957 It's late 1957. The bull market had started up in June 1949. Suddenly a recession starts in late 1957. Sentiment among the crowd turns black bearish. The market sinks into a severe correction. I don't believe that the bull market is over. People call me an idiot, but I am convinced that the bull market has a lot further to run. The reason is that the bull market never produced a third speculative phase. I write an article published in Barron's to the effect that I expect a third highly speculative phase to appear ahead. People remain stubbornly bearish. They tell me I'm out of my mind. But I know that the market normally has a severe correction following the second phase of a bull market and just preceding the third speculative and final phase. 
The Dow sinks to 419 in October and then turns up in the face of the severe recession. Investors are actually angry. How can the stock market be rising when there is a recession in progress? The stock market pushes relentlessly higher. My bullish Barron's article causes a sensation. A little ad that I place in Barron's brings in 300 subscriptions. Overnight I start up Dow Theory Letters. Within a week I am in business! 
Fast Forward: Russell Predicts A Mania In Stocks, But Issues Warning Now let's return to the present. I believe a great speculative third phase lies ahead for this bull market. The coming third phase will see the stock market climb far higher than even the bulls think possible. 
The question is: is it too late to enter the stock market? In the third phase of a bull market, usually more money is made than in the first two phases combined. Thus, I foresee the possibility of large gains if a third and final speculative phase is ahead. My advice is that you assume an initial position in DIA or SPY on any weakness. 
What will be the leverage that will drive up the stock market in the coming third speculative third phase? The answer is human hysteria and greed. And never before seen, sky-high price-to-earnings ratios. 
This piece may sound like a reversal of thinking on my part. But it is based on a weekend of deep thinking and memories of 1957. As for timing, I believe the coming third phase could last until 2016. It will have the effect of placing the United States as the continuing world leader… IMPORTANT: To hear which legend just spoke with KWN about $8,000 gold and the coming mania in the gold, silver, and mining shares markets CLICK HERE OR ON THE IMAGE BELOW. 
I left Tuesday's site with a suggestion that my subscribers swap their phony fiat money for real tangible constitutional money, gold. I believe that within the next decade we will experience a worldwide trend towards honesty and the truth; this will start with currencies and the world will go back to the gold standard. 
Since the Great Depression, there have been a number of bull markets, and their average age is 3.8 years. Yet the current bull market is almost six years old. Bull markets usually end and die during periods of hysterical optimism and then exhaustion. That is the way I expect this market to end. 
In this time of massive liquidity, I see the world's stock markets as comparable to a powder keg. The wick is lit and no one knows when the whole pile will ignite. 
This Grand Experiment Will End In Disaster With gold probably near the end of its bear market, technicians are now writing more and more about gold. Debt tends to be deflationary since it requires relatively large amounts of money to carry debt, much less pay it off. A living organism cannot continue to inhale, organisms must exhale as well. This is the simple explanation that the Fed does not understand. The Fed inhales to the choking point and when the choking point is reached, instead of exhaling, the Fed inhales again. The Fed believes that it can inhale endlessly (bull market) and never exhale (bear market). 
. 
I've been writing Dow Theory Letters since 1958 and as you've probably guessed, I am not the same man in my nineties that I was back in 1958 when I was in my thirties. Subscribers have undoubtedly noticed that I write a great deal about spirituality, and that I frequently quote Emmet Fox. As I see him, Fox is a genius mystic, an historian and a great servant to mankind. In my reports, I have always attempted to reveal my innermost thoughts to my subscribers. I started out as agnostic, and to be honest, an atheist. But events during WWII and since have served to change my mind. I write what I'm thinking about and what I'm struggling with. And the majority of my subscribers don't seem to mind (actually many of them like it). 
I often ask myself whether I am doing any good in my stay on this earth. If I have served to guide some of my subscribers toward the spiritual path, I will consider that my visit to the earth on this round will have been worth it. In closing, I'll say that the most precious commodity on this earth, the most precious commodity that anyone can have, is peace of mind. The antithesis of peace of mind is fear. Fear is the curse of mankind. Man's greatest task on earth is to equalize or get rid of fear. The path to getting rid of fear is learning to love yourself. 
Words from Emmet Fox's Sermon on the Mount: The old saying, 'God has a plan for every man, and he has one for you,' is quite correct. God has glorious and wonderful plans for every one of us. He has planned a splendid career, full of interest, life and joy, for each, and if our lives are dull, or restricted, or squalid, that is not his fault, but ours. 
Paper Manipulation Of The Gold Market Will Not Last Late Notes — There is a giant secret stirring under today's market. China, India, Russia and almost every central bank is buying physical gold. I'm guessing that within another year, physical gold will be swept off the market.' Here are the final warnings and thoughts that Richard Russell communicated to his subscribers: 'Question — What's the best action you can look for in a stock? Answer — A long record of increasing dividends. A lot of lies can be told about a stock, but dividends don't lie. In order to increase dividends, a stock must create a history of producing cash. Analysts can lie, earnings can lie, CEO's can lie, but dividends don't lie. A company must increase its actual earnings in order to raise dividends. The only thing better than dividends is the float produced by an insurance company. The float, plus compounding, made Buffett a wealthy man.' 
Russell Passed Away Right After The Last Of His High School Buddies 'One by one, the old fighters from WWII are disappearing. A few weeks ago, I was told that my best buddy, James Salter, had died. He was the last of my high school buddies. Jim flew the F-86 during the Korean War. Jim was also an excellent, world renowned writer. His book, The Hunters, talks of a US-Russia 'dog fight' and their respective jet aircraft. I'll miss Jim and his writing. He was my last old buddy. Look him up on Google if you want. They will have more to say about it.' 
The legend warned about a totalitarian government: 'One of the first things the Nazis did in Germany was take away all the guns of the citizens. This meant that the government could do anything it wanted while the citizens were unable to object. As a Jew, I am fearful of a government that has all the guns with the citizens all unarmed.' Russell also warned about robotics displacing workers and the inability to save and retire: 'The world is caught up in an amazing array of new items. Every day we hear about some new invention that is changing the world as we know it. I wrote before that the age of retirement will be history, and new inventions will displace workers by the millions. To retire requires a large amount of savings, and the way the world is working now it's becoming almost impossible to save.' And finally, the legend warned about the destruction of currencies and capitalism itself: 'The end of capitalism will be due to the unbelievable amount of debt that is currently being created. This will create monster inflation that will destroy every currency. The only currency that cannot be destroyed is gold. When investors realize this, we'll have the makings of the greatest bull market in gold ever seen.' 
The Early Days 
A native New Yorker (born in 1924) Russell has lived through depressions and booms, through good times and bad, through war and peace. He was educated at Rutgers and received his BA at New York University. Russell flew as a combat bombardier on B-25 Mitchell Bombers with the 12th Air Force during World War II. 
Richard Russell began publishing Dow Theory Letters in 1958, and he has been writing the Letters ever since (never once having skipped a Letter). Dow Theory Letters is the oldest service continuously written by one person in the business. 
'Richard Russell is by far the most interesting writer of all the services we get.' — Investors Intelligence, Feb. 19, 1999. 
The Calls That Made Him A Legend 
Russell gained wide recognition via a series of over 30 Dow Theory and technical articles that he wrote for Barron's during the late 1950s through the 1990s. Through Barron's and via word of mouth, he gained a wide following. Russell was the first (in 1960) to recommend gold stocks. He called the top of the 1949-'66 bull market. And almost to the day he called the bottom of the great 1972-'74 bear market, and the beginning of the great bull market which started in December 1974. 
Richard Russell was the greatest in the business and he will be sorely missed, especially during the difficult times ahead. 
  As Massive Bond Bubble Implodes, Is It   Move In Gold, Silver And The Canadian Dollar?  

ARTICLE

68   King World News 
On the heels of a continued takedown in the gold and silver markets and chaos in bond markets, today King World News is pleased to present an extremely important update on the war in the gold market from Michael Oliver at MSA. Oliver allowed KWN exclusively to share this key report with our global audience after today's takedown in the gold market. 
A more complete report is available to MSA subscribers, but here are a few key portions of today's major update on the gold market: 
By Michael Oliver, MSA (Momentum Structural Analysis) November 23 ( King World New s)  - Gold futures (the nearest active contract) in a price point-and-figure format chart. $20×3 block reversal since the 2011 peak (see chart below). 
Around $1240 in February of this year (black arrow) price broke through a 45° downtrending resistance line that traced back to the 2011 peak above $1900. 
What Does It All Mean? Action has since worked upward and to the right of the breakout (annual momentum, shown in the next chart, broke out at $1140 to $1160 in February, about $100 before price broke out). Note the flat floor of price readings at $1200, now there for a third time. If one references price only, then a litmus test is to take out the prior flat lows at $1200 with an $1180 print (December gold). $1180 has not yet been traded, with the low so far on Wednesday just above there. Any three upticks following that will likely generate a turn that 'takes.' Meaning if we see $1180, then $1240 is an escape to the upside signal. If price halts at $1200, never touching $1180, then $1260 provides those upticks… IMPORTANT: To find out which company Doug Casey, Rick Rule and Sprott Asset Management are pounding the table on that already has a staggering 18.1 million ounces of gold that just added another massive deposit and is quickly being recognized as one of the greatest gold opportunities in the world  - CLICK HERE OR BELOW: Sponsored 
If $1200 does come out with an $1180 downtick, then look across the chart and you'll see that $1180 has twice been a pivotal balance point. During the crash gold low of June 2013, and the rally high just before the drive to the late 2015 low (low then was a set of downticks to $1060). So dropping back to $1180 will touch that pivotal horizontal level again, as noted by the red line. 
If one wanted to use this price point and figure tool exclusively, then while $1180 is acceptable, especially if we get three upticks after that (back up to $1240), $1160 is not so good looking. Let's look at a totally different type of chart now. MSA's long-term annual momentum chart of gold. 
A Look Back At How We Got Here Looking back: 3-yr. avg. momentum was the prime indicator that shifted MSA to major bear in January 2012 (either side of $1700). At that point a very clear 3-point momentum uptrend structure was broken below. And subsequent action never was able to get back above that level, particularly not on a monthly closing basis. Noted with the red line (see charts below). 
Then in February 2016 the same indicator broke out upside through a flat multi-year base as price moved through $1140- $1160 zone, which caused annual momentum to again move through its new key structural red line. Current pullback is the sharpest one since the bull emerged and is somewhat reminiscent of the sharp rally in late 2012 which reached to the upper $1700s (from prior lows in mid-$1500s). That rally tested our bearish resolve then. While that rally was impressive on price, on momentum it was not so impressive. It simply was not altering to the damage already done earlier in 2012. 
Now we have a decline that did not reach clear resistance (around 20% over the zero line/3-yr. avg., black horizontal arrow), meaning that it is basically turning down from the middle of nowhere, technically speaking. And at the present time is only nearing the levels on momentum that generated the upside breakout. And so far it's the first pullback that involves double-digit percent drop for momentum (about a 15% downswing when measured from its percentage peak above the 3-yr. avg. which is $1244 this year, to its current percentage low below that average). 
THE BIG PICTURE: MSA Remains Bullish On Gold! Does the drop negate anything? No. At what level would MSA say that the integrity of the positive momentum uptrend is in jeopardy or at least in serious doubt? Close out a month back below the red horizontal. That's 8.5% or more below the 3-yr. avg. which for this year means don't close a month out at $1138 or lower. 
This is the BIG PICTURE of gold from MSA's vantage point. (Greater specifics and more detailed shorter-term analysis are available to our institutional subscribers). Whether you find it useful depends upon your time-scale of measurement and what's significant to you. If you are a trader then maybe getting within a few percent of that annual momentum support level (prior upside breakout level) presents you with a risk control level and therefore can buy with low risk. But otherwise this particular trend indicator (annual momentum) only changes major trend every several or handful of years, and while it might provide some intra-trend points of reference (such as that +20% level on the oscillator which was resistance, though not reached) often is only a broad guide to which side has the upper hand. And unless we see a close back inside that momentum chart base, MSA assumes this is simply a sharp corrective pullback. 
Keep A Close Eye On Silver Many watch the gold/silver relationship as an indicator of the net trend of the precious metals. If silver is in a positive trend vs. gold it is deemed to be a positive factor for ongoing bull trend in these metals. Or, for the spread chart shown here, if the trend of these readings turns down that indicates positive performance by silver vs. gold, as it requires fewer ozs. of silver to buy 1 oz. of gold. 
Current upticks on this chart are not negating in the least the major multi-year trend shift that occurred earlier this year. The silver/gold relationship still bodes well for higher silver and gold prices. 
  Is One Of Richard Russell's Last And Most Shocking Predictions Now Unfolding?  

