ARTICLE

Source: ForeignPolicy.com 
Encroaching waters off the coast of Togo, Ghana, Mauritania, and others are destroying homes, schools, fish, and a way of life. 
FUVEMEH, Ghana '” The tide is just starting to come in when David Buabasah begins nervously checking the waters creeping up the coastline toward his partially destroyed home. 
As the high tide mounts the steep shore of this small Ghanaian fishing village perched on a shrinking peninsula between the Atlantic Ocean and the Volta River estuary, he and other inhabitants prepare for the worst. 
'When the big waves come, they can easily kill you. Last week, the ocean took away part of my house while my family was sleeping inside,' says the 32-year-old fisherman, gesturing toward a crumbling brick wall and a pair of door frames, the only remains of his family's compound. 
Growing stronger by the minute, the tide begins to push wave after wave into the village, pounding the dilapidated dwellings with unrepentant force. House walls collapse under the fury of the ocean, and huge pools of saltwater fill the center of town. Those whose houses are the closest to the shoreline can only watch as the waves carry away all of their belongings. 
Twenty years ago, Fuvemeh was a thriving community of 2,500 people, supported by fishing and coconut plantations that are now completely underwater. But in the past two decades, climate change and industrial activity '” such as sand mining and the construction of dams and deep-sea ports, which trap sediments and prevent them from reaching the coastline '” have accelerated coastal erosion here. Gradually but inexorably, the ocean has swallowed up hundreds of feet of coastline, drowning the coconut plantations and eventually sweeping away houses. 
For a time, villagers retreated, rebuilding destroyed houses farther away from the advancing shoreline. But eventually they ran out of land to fall back on: The narrow peninsula is now less than 1,000 feet across, and high tides routinely wash over the entire sandy expanse. The last trees have been uprooted by the waves and lie dead along the shore, a grim omen of what awaits fishermen like Buabasah, who have seen their livelihoods destroyed in the span of a single generation. A young boy carries his two turkeys to save them from the flood caused by the rising sea level in Fuvemeh. 
Fuvemeh is one of thousands of communities along the western coast of sub-Saharan Africa, stretching more than 4,000 miles from Mauritania to Cameroon, at risk of being washed away. Spurred by global warming, rising sea levels are causing massive erosion '” in some places eating away more than 100 feet of land in a single year. Sea levels around the world are expected to rise by more than two-and-a-half feet by the end of the century, but they are expected to rise faster than the global average in West Africa, according to the West African Economic and Monetary Union. In a region where 31 percent of population lives along the coastline, generating 56 percent of total GDP, according to the World Bank , this is a potentially catastrophic problem. 
'In West Africa, infrastructure and economic activities are centered along the coastal region, so as sea levels continue to rise, it threatens our very existence and source of income,' says Kwasi Appeaning Addo, a professor in the University of Ghana's department of marine and fisheries sciences. 'We are sitting on a time bomb.' Togbe Agbavi Koffi, 60, is the chief of village of Agbavi in Togo. 'The sea advances all year long,' he said. 'It has devastated our villages and many of our people have already left.' 
And it's not just small fishing villages that are being threatened. Low-lying areas in Lagos, the Nigerian megalopolis that is the seventh-fastest growing city in the world, as well as in the Ghanaian capital of Accra, whose annual economic output is around $3 billion, are at risk of inundation. Already, both cities are grappling with more frequent '” and severe '” flooding than in the past. Low-lying areas of Accra now flood every year during the rainy season. Last year, at least 25 people died as a result. 
The southern parts of Nouakchott, the capital of Mauritania, lose up to 80 feet of beach every year, and coastal erosion has already damaged several hotels in Gambia and Senegal,as well as vital water treatment facilities in Cotonou, Benin's economic hub. The situation is the same in neighboring Togo, where last year the coast retreated 118 feet in some places, according to local authorities. On the outskirts of the capital, LomÃ©, rows of destroyed buildings line the beach in the town of Agbavi. 
'The national route used to pass there, just beside my first and second house,' says Togbe Agbavi Koffi, the town's 60-year-old chief, pointing to the faint outline of a highway that is now submerged deep in the ocean. 'My third house is about to crumble into the sea as well. I would like to cry, but a chief cannot cry.' Local boys stand on the terrace of the UNESCO World Heritage Site Castle. Originally built in 1653, it was an important slave trading post along the West Africa coast; now it's one of Ghana's main attractions. 
But it's not just homes and businesses that are being swept away. Livelihoods, cultural heritage, and the social fabric of entire communities are disappearing as well. Rising temperatures have precipitated the migration of fish stocks while erosion and salinization have reduced arable land and contaminated freshwater reserves. Near Fuvemeh in Ghana, breeding grounds for sea turtles are disappearing, and the populations of dolphins, sharks, and whales are rapidly dwindling. At risk also are the UNESCO-protected colonial forts along the coasts of Ghana and Ivory Coast that served as conduits for the slave trade. 
Stripped of their livelihoods and their heritage, coastal communities lose their most resourceful young people to migration while unemployment fuels drug and alcohol consumption at home. In Agbavi, the situation is so desperate that droves of young men have joined criminal syndicates involved in fuel smuggling and beach-sand mining, an illegal enterprise that worsens erosion. 
'Some of our children go mining as soon as they come back from school, in order to gain some money,' Koffi says. 'People are hungry, and small kids are forced to steal. We are suffering a lot.' People living in Fuvmeh walk across the village flooded by the rising sea level. A little girl stands on a traditional fishing boat holding her doll in Baguida, on the Togo coastline. The town is experiencing massive coastal erosion, forcing the local population to relocate away from the sea. Tanks filled with petrol are lined along the ocean. As fishing has become less remunerative due to the effects of climate change on the fish stocks, several local fishermen have resorted to fuel smuggling, a highly lucrative but illegal practice which consists in trafficking jerrycans of petrol from Nigeria through Benin and Togo by sea. Alice Kwashi, 68, sits outside her house in the village of Blekusu. The ocean has destroyed part of her house, filling it with sand and contaminating the freshwater well with saltwater. In order to prevent water from seeping into the house, the woman built a small barrier of soil just outside the entrance. Â´'When I fall sleep, I don't know if the sea will come and take me away' she said. Two schoolgirls stand on the ruins of their school. Two years ago, the Dzita EP Basic School had one of its four compounds destroyed by coastal erosion during the rainy season. Four classrooms were lost, forcing the school management to combine classes in order to shelter all the 670 students. 
Instead of investing in ecologically sustainable techniques to manage rising sea levels, like developing aquatic farms or restoring mangrove shrubs, governments in West Africa have so far largely resorted to engineering less time-intensive defenses like sea walls and groins. When built properly and maintained well, groins '” vertical structures erected perpendicular to the coastline that trap sediments and prevent them from moving along the coast '” are an effective short- to medium-term solution. But because they disrupt the natural flow of sediments, they can worsen erosion elsewhere on the coast, sometimes starving neighboring communities of much needed sand. 
The eastern coast of Ghana offers a stark illustration of the trade-offs involved with groins. Once a thriving trading hub, the city of Keta has suffered massive coastal erosion in recent decades that forced more than half of the population to flee. Fort Prinzenstein, a landmark Danish castle that was once at the center of town now teeters on the shoreline, partially destroyed by the waves. A late government intervention allowed the construction of a sea defense wall and a series of groins that have saved what remains of the city's elegant colonial buildings, which retain the eerie atmosphere of a ghost town. 
But the last-ditch effort to save Keta has further exacerbated erosion in the village of Blekusu, located a little more than six miles to the east. 'We are having so many problems because of those groins,' explains 68-year-old Alice Kwashi, a widow whose house has already been partially damaged by the waves. 'The ocean has destroyed electric[al] lines and contaminated water wells. Every time I go to sleep, I know it could be my last night, because the waves could take me away.' A home destroyed by rising sea levels in the village of Agbavi in Togo. 
A more environmentally friendly method of replenishing the coast involves pumping enormous amounts of sand from the seabed back on shore. But beach nourishment, which has been tried in the United States, Mexico, Australia, and the Netherlands,among other places, is extremely expensive and has to be repeated every few years in order to keep pace with erosion. Even without such costly interventions, adapting to coastal erosion by rebuilding infrastructure farther inland and resettling endangered communities is expected to cost between 5 and 10 percent of GDP in affected countries, according to the United Nations. It's an open question how one of the poorest regions in the world should come up with the resources for costly sea walls and beach replenishment schemes. 
And as long as man-made climate change continues, such costs will continue to incur. That is why countries around the world face the challenge not only of pursuing projects to help manage the environment, but also of exploring new ways to better live in harmony with it, and thus slow the rate of global warming. 
'If we can't find a balance between our insatiable appetite for modernity and allowing nature to replenish itself,' says Fredua Agyeman, the environment director at Ghana's Ministry of Environment, Science, Technology, and Innovation, 'we will always run into problems, no matter the advancements in modern science or engineering.' 
The people of Fuvemeh are among hundreds of millions who are paying a heavy price for a problem they didn't create. At the current erosion rate, villagers predict that their homes will disappear in less than six months. Left with the bitter choice of staying to be swept out to sea or abandoning his land, history, and way of life, Buabasah doesn't know what to do. He has moved his wife and children to another village, but he can't follow them because Fuvemeh serves as his fishing base. Migrating would mean giving up on his job and his ability to feed his family, since the government will only facilitate resettlement to inland communities. 
'I am very afraid for the future of this place,' he says in despair. 'Sooner or later we will have to leave, but we have nowhere to go.' 
View the photo essay companion piece on the devastating effects of climate change on the region ' The Waves Will Take Us Away ,' by Matilde Gattoni.
ARTICLE

geoengineeringwatch.org 
Global climate engineering programs are mathematically the single greatest assault against nature ever launched by the human race. Incredibly, the majority of global populations still remain oblivious to the ongoing blatant climate engineering atrocities occurring overhead day after day. This willful blindness of the masses is largely due to the total betrayal of the truth by the vast majority of the science community and all of mainstream media , both of whom are heavily invested in covering up the crimes of their paymasters. How badly damaged is our once thriving biosphere? We are past the point of no return in regard to the once thriving planet we have known. Below is a quote from a powerful and moving recent article by Dr. Glen Barry which accurately outlines the reality we collectively face. 
Miraculous nature is being murdered. Everywhere we look inequitable over-consumption is devastating the natural ecosystems that sustain a living Earth. Together we yield to ecological truth '“ personally embracing a global ecology ethic, and demanding others do so as well '“ or we all needlessly die at each others' throats as the global ecological system collapses and being ends. 
A primary sign of biosphere collapse is clearly evident by the rapidly imploding cryosphere. Arctic sea ice continues to advance further into record low levels . Though official agencies like NASA will never admit to the ongoing climate engineering crimes, they are beginning to acknowledge that the excessive cloud cover over the Arctic in recent years (solar radiation management) is exacerbating the overall warming , not mitigating it. Other studies also confirm the overall planetary warming is being fueled by "contrails" (which are in reality solar radiation management sprayed particulate trails ). The 30 second video below fully illustrates the shocking loss of Arctic sea ice. 
Not only is the Arctic sea ice at a record low level, but now the ice on the opposite end of the Earth, Antarctica, is also rapidly retreating to record low levels as well. This is a fact that the US corporate media is not covering. The 2 minute video below elaborates on the rapidly accelerating loss of Antarctic sea ice. 
Antarctic sea ice extent has been the last vestige of denial for those who still desperately cling to the "global warming is a hoax" fossil fuel industry false narrative. To dogmatically cling to this false narrative is also to toe the line for the power structure, big oil, and the climate engineers . The poles are not the only part of the cryosphere that is imploding, the Himalayan glaciers are disappearing at blinding speed. The 8 minute video below is a recent update from the Himalayas. 
Our planet is already free-falling into a runaway warming scenario , global climate engineering is further fueling this scenario. The graph below illustrates the rapid increase of warmer days being recorded on our planet. 
Global climate engineering programs not only worsening the overall warming of the biosphere, but also destroying the ozone layer , derailing the hydrological cycle , and contaminating the entire planet due to the highly toxic heavy metal and chemical fallout . 
Where do we go from here? How can we stand against the power structure that currently controls the fate of the world in which we live? The single greatest leap we could collectively make in the right direction is by fully exposing the climate engineering issue to the masses. If we can expose the geoengineering assault, populations around the globe would unite in a common cause. If we can expose it, we can stop it. Those, that are still clinging to the insanely false "global warming is a hoax" narrative, are doing great harm to credibility of the overall anti-geoengineering community, and thus to the cause itself. The planet is accelerating into total meltdown. Climate engineering is making an already horrific anthropogenic warming scenario far worse overall. Those who truly claim to be committed to the fight to stop climate engineering have an obligation to objectively examine frontline facts and film footage . Sadly, even some major "independent" news sites are pushing the "global warming is a hoax" false narrative . Pushing this patently false narrative is exactly what climate engineering/industrial complex wants, and is extremely harmful to the cause of exposing and halting the ongoing weather warfare assault. Why? If we are to have any chance of stopping the climate engineering insanity, if we are to have any chance of convincing the climate science community to start telling the truth about the climate engineering assault, the anti-climate engineering community must stand on frontline facts and not on ridiculously false ideological dogma. Investigate, and make your voice heard , time is not on our side. 
May be freely reprinted, so long as the text is unaltered, all hyperlinks are left intact, and credit for the article is prominently given to geoengineeringwatch.org and the article's author with a hyperlink back to the original story. 6 Responses to Climate Engineering And Cryosphere Collapse jim stewart October 27, 2016 at 4:18 pm 
"Sadly, even some major 'independent' news sites are pushing the 'global warming is a hoax' false narrative." Indeed, shame on Infowars, considering they should know better. But then, so much hyperbolic & elipitical rhetoric is geared to sell to what folks wish to believe, rather than what truthseekers pursue to be savvy and shrewd.
ARTICLE

geoengineeringwatch.org 
Defections from the ranks of the power structure continue to build. A group of CDC (Center for Disease Control) whistleblowers is now putting pressure on CDC management to start telling the truth about the systemic corruption and public deception that this government organization represents. Yet more truth-tellers will likely come forward as the CDC ship goes down. A Harvard University publication states this about climate engineering: "it can help us combat the worst effects of climate change." How blatant can the betrayal from academia become? Massive geoengineering aerosol spraying operations around the globe continue decimate Eath's climate and life support systems. A former NASA engineer (now working with Geoengineering Watch) gives an extremely alarming report on our disintegrating ozone layer (primarily caused by climate engineering). Madagascar is starving due to geoengineering induced record droughts. Rapidly rising sea levels are chewing away at Africa's coastlines. Sea ice at both poles is at record low levels, and US generals say they can win WWlll with Russia. Where does this road lead? The latest installment of Global Alert News is below. 
Credibility is absolutely essential in the fight to expose and halt climate engineering , as well as the fight for the greater good. We must all abandon preconceptions and ideology in exchange for verifiable front-line facts. Anything short of this is completely counterproductive to the causes we claim to be fighting for. We must all stand on a foundation of facts, and make our voices heard . DW Very dedicated activists help to sound the alarm at yet another event. This one took place at the Sonoma County Fairgrounds on October 21st, 22nd, and 23rd. My most sincere gratitude to Brian Schuler, Jamie Lee and Melanie Moran for their efforts at this event. Leave a Reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Website Comment You may use these HTML tags and attributes: <a href="" title=""><abbr title=""><acronym title=""><b><blockquote cite=""><cite><code><del datetime=""><em><i><q cite=""><strike><strong> VISITORS
ARTICLE

Source: Google Sites 
Many people seem to dismiss HAARP as possessing any kind of level of threat, obviously they have completely and totally NO understanding of the potential of radio waves in transmitting actual power. 
In general of all the people who under estimate HAARP, I don't read of anyone here blasting Einstein's theories, and I can rest assured they understand HAARP less than they do 'General or Special' Relativity. Yet from these theories came the Nuclear Weapons technology. So if you don't believe HAARP can be used as a weapon then you obviously don't believe Nuclear Energy can be used as a weapon either. 
In order to understand HAARP as a weapon, either you have to understand or generally accept the explanation of the technology by others who do understand, that is, if you don't possess the intelligence to understand this technology. 
Sound is a mechanical wave that is an oscillation of pressure transmitted through a solid, liquid, or gas, composed of frequencies within the range of hearing and of a level sufficiently strong to be heard, or the sensation stimulated in organs of hearing by such vibrations. 
Sound Waves and Radio Waves possess some of the same properties and characteristics, yet utilize different mediums of propagation, in other words, Sound Waves use a physical mechanical pressure to be transferred through the air, a solid or liquid, 
Whereas Radio Waves use electromagnetic energy as a type of 'pressure' and can equally pass through the air, liquid or a solid, with the exception of reflective metals. At this point in order to understand the implications of HAARP, you'll need to have at least a basic understanding of Electricity, Electrical energy, Electromagnetic energy, Radio Waves, Radio Frequency ' Resonance', 'Radio Wave Transmission and Propagation', Microwave energy and 'Power Transmission Via Microwave Emissions' Unlike the lower radio frequencies, Microwaves tend to act like visible light, very directional, very reflective, and they also have the ability to easily be absorbed by a non reflective medium or easily 'permeate' ( go completely through ) a non reflective, non absorptive material, all with a varying degree of loss of power, depending on the medium or material. Microwaves also have the ability to be channeled or ducted through metal tubing or wave guides, but do not react to 'Ducting' or being channeled between the layers of the Ionosphere, whereas High Frequency (30-300 MHz.) Radio Waves can be 'Ducted' or channeled between the layers of the Ionosphere to be carried longer distances from their point of origin. Through the atmosphere you can simply use the 'INVERSE SQUARE LAW' to determine an 'exponential' loss of radiated power of any Electromagnetic or Radio wave. This calculation does not take into account the increased "Photon Energy" levels present in electromagnetic radiation at Microwave frequency levels, of which increase in the overall potential of the radiated power and since Microwave energy has a greater "Photon Energy" level than electromagnetic energy at lower frequencies, it's "actual" power at lower wattage emission levels is greater than the power emitted from lower frequency radiation at the same wattage emission level. The HAARP Project is referred to as 'High Frequency' and from what I'd read in the past (and I rechecked my sources for posterity) they claim to operate primarily on two frequencies, 3.39 Megahertz and 6.99 Megahertz, both within the 3 to 300 Megahertz or' High Frequency' range. 
My question has always been and no one seemed to address this issue yet, are these, the primary carrier frequencies? Or, are these the modulated sub-frequency or HARMONIC, of a higher carrier frequency? Transmissions at Super High Frequency and Extremely High Frequency range are all a little above the capability of most of the equipment I normally use right now or else I would have 'tuned in' to investigate. Equipment in these ranges has to be extremely selectable, with a high degree of sensitivity, but maybe not too terribly sensitive at the power levels they boast. 
It is also claimed that the HAARP antenna array uses circumpolar polarization of its RF waves. It has been my understanding in the past that circumpolar polarization of the high frequency (3 '“ 300 Megahertz) wavelength is not as efficient as it is at higher frequencies, like in the Ultra High Frequency and especially the Super High Frequency and Extremely High Frequency (microwave) ranges. 
Normally 'High frequency' radio waves are generally absorbed by the ionospheres D layer (mainly during the daytime) and reflected back to the earth by the ionospheres E and F, layers when their present (mainly evenings and night), 
Whereas 'Microwave' transmissions are generally not affected by the Ionosphere, they tend to pass through the ionosphere with little or no effect, except an occasional minor distortion. 
With high altitude dispersant of Aluminum or most any other metallic particulates this energy can easily be 'reflected' back TO the Earth and INTO the Earth and at the power levels mentioned can easily heat these areas as well. 
At the HAARP website they display the photo of what they call a Modular UHF Ionashpereic Radar Array. To me, this appears to be ground plane mounted Phased Array of UHF 'circumpolar polarized antenna' capable of transmitting on a 'wide band' of base frequencies or overtone harmonics of microwave frequencies. This is the only example of a circumpolar polarized antenna array in any given photo they show, all the other High Frequency of Very High Frequency arrays in any of their photos are definitely not 'circumpolar polarized antenna' configurations. 
Actually if I had a large antenna capable of high power level transmission in higher frequency ranges like microwave, I'd place it in an enclosed 'DOME' like the one shown in one of their photos they make no mention about. 
When it comes to a U.S. Government funded operation, we are talking about the capability of operating well above 30 Gigahertz or even 300 Gigahertz, or well above that, Terahertz anyone? 
Back in 1964 American Telephone and Telegraph had already began using, the already well developed 'MASER' technology for point to point (tower to tower) telephone communications, which lead to the building of most of the Bell telephone towers you see now or have seen in the past, in most every city. I know, I was present at a Bell Labs Demonstration back in 1965. HAARP isn't the only facility operating a High frequency Active Auroral Research Program, HAARP @ 110 Megawatts of Effective Radiated Power HISCAT (International Radio Observatory, Sweden) @ 350 Megawatts Effective Radiated Power 
EISCAT (TromsÃ¶, Norway) @ 48 Megawatts Effective Radiated Power 
VOA (Voice of America '“ Delano, CA @ 27 Megawatts Effective Radiated Power 
SURA (Radiophysical Research Institute, Nizhny Novgorod, Russia) @ 20 Megawatts Effective Radiated Power 
Arecibo (National Astronomy and Ionosphere Center, Puerto Rico) @ 20 Megawatts Effective Radiated Power 
HIPAS High Power Auroral Stimulation Observatory (UCLA Plasma Physics Lab '“ Fairbanks Alaska) @ 17 Megawatts Effective Radiated Power 
(Combined and operated simultaneously via satellite downlink that's a total of over 590 Megawatts of total microwave power which can also be reflected by possibly satellites, metallic atmospheric dispersants or other reflective medium we may not even know exist and then directed to a centralized point) (remember, generally microwave transmissions generally DO NOT reflect off the ionosphere but go straight out into space unless reflected ) When it is taken into consideration the amount of power they discuss using, 3,600,000 watts, 110,000,000 watts or 350,000,000 watts of RF power (and who knows it could be even more), for you folks that don't understand, this is one HELL of a lot of power in any Radio frequency range. Example The standard, everyday household microwave oven operates at 700 to 1100 watts of Radio Frequency power in the 'Microwave' frequency range. 
QUESTON? 
When it takes a standard, everyday household microwave oven operating at 700 to 1100 watts of RF power to cook a 10 lb. turkey, then how many 10 lb. turkeys can you cook with 350 Megawatts microwave power? 
Think about it! 
DIRECTIONAL POWER: 
Radio wave transmissions from non-movable, stationary antenna arrays (multiple antennas) can be ACTUALLY be made to be directional by applying more power to the antennas on any one side of the array and less power to the other side while transmitting. This creates electromagnetic wave 'Side lobes' towards the side with more power applied and roughly points the transmissions in a selectable direction. 
SO BEFORE YOU JUST ARBITRARILY DISMISS HAARP as a THREAT, or just because its radio waves they can't have any effect on anything, then here are some FACTS to look into. History of Power Beaming The concept of wireless transmission of electrical energy '” or power beaming '” is not new. The idea has been around for decades, proposed primarily for space-based solar farms to supply energy to Earth or the surface of another world, or for wireless power on Earth. The two technologies that appeared suitable for power beaming involved microwave or laser energy. Researchers in several countries flew a variety of model aircraft using beamed microwave energy 20 years ago. However, the nature of the microwave beam causes it to spread out with distance, with a commensurate decrease in the power delivered to the target. While flight was easy to demonstrate at close distances with microwave beaming, flying an airplane at long distances would require a prohibitively powerful microwave beam to compensate for the energy loss as the beam spread. That left only lasers as a potentially viable option for practical power beaming'¦. ( http://www.nasa.gov/centers/dryden/news/FactSheets/FS-087-DFRC.html ) 
Wireless energy transfer 
Microwave method 
Main article: Microwave power transmission 
Power transmission via radio waves can be made more directional, allowing longer distance power beaming, with shorter wavelengths of electromagnetic radiation, typically in the microwave range. A rectenna may be used to convert the microwave energy back into electricity. Rectenna conversion efficiencies exceeding 95% have been realized. Power beaming using microwaves has been proposed for the transmission of energy from orbiting solar power satellites to Earth and the beaming of power to spacecraft leaving orbit has been considered. 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wireless_energy_transfer Let me refer you to the an article I read in the past, from the January, 1988 issue of Popular Science 
Where researchers successfully flew a lightweight model plane completely on microwave power converted to electricity to operate it's electric motor driven propeller. 
You may want to watch this interesting but effective demonstration, 
[u][b] Government terrorists can create earthquakes GOVERNMENT TRANSCRIPT IN INFO [/b][/u] 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x_ZlGLccC9E 
H.A.A.R.P. 
By Michel Chossudovsky '“ Professor of Economics, University of Ottawa and TFF associate, author of The Globalization of Poverty, second edition, Common Courage Press 
OTHER CONSIDERATIONS: 
'Extremely Low Frequency Modulation of Microwave Emissions' 
It is completely feasible and possible to modulate a microwave frequency by means of Amplitude Modulation (AM), Frequency Modulation (FM), Phase Shift Keying (PSK), Frequency Division Multiplexing (FDM), as well as other transmission modes, as to generate an EXTREMELY LOW FREQUENCY wave resultant, with a COMBINED POWER of both the Microwave and Extremely Low Frequency, each frequency with its own unique characteristics and combined characteristics of both frequencies. 
For years now EXTREMELY LOW FREQUENCY radio transmissions were used to communicate with submerged submarines, because of ELF's ability to be transmitted deep in to the waters of the ocean just like sound waves can be transmitted through water. 
Just the same as in water, EXTREMELY LOW FREQUENCY radio waves can be easily transmitted below ground level and are used for below ground 'Radar Imagining ' , Deep ground penetrating metal detectors, both which operate on low power levels. The higher the power levels the deeper underground it goes before being absorbed within the earth's layers. 
EXTREMELY LOW FREQUENCY radio waves are within the frequency range of Audible Sound waves, and just as sound waves at higher power or decibel levels can shake and vibrate whatever they encounter, the same holds true with Extremely Low Frequency radio waves. 
FACTS: 
Normal brain waves all fall under the Extremely Low Frequency range: 
The EEG is typically described in terms of (1) rhythmic activity and (2) transients. The rhythmic activity is divided into bands by frequency. To some degree, these frequency bands are a matter of nomenclature (i.e., any rhythmic activity between 8'“12 Hz can be described as "alpha"), but these designations arose because rhythmic activity within a certain frequency range was noted to have a certain distribution over the scalp or a certain biological significance. Frequency bands are usually extracted using spectral methods (for instance Welch) as implemented for instance in freely available EEG software such as EEGLAB. 
Most of the cerebral signal observed in the scalp EEG falls in the range of 1'“20 Hz (activity below or above this range is likely to be artefactual, under standard clinical recording techniques). 
Both Extremely Low Frequency and Microwave, Radio Wave Transmissions have been admittingly linked mind control. 
MICROWAVE MIND CONTROL
ARTICLE

Source: Global Research 
Is a war in the making '” a third world war? 
If there is much talk about such a possibility, it is mainly because of the tensions between the United States and Russia. Tensions between the two most powerful nuclear states in the world have never been this high since the end of the Cold War in 1989 and the demise of the Soviet Union in 1991. 
There are at least two flash points, one more dangerous than the other. In Eastern Ukraine, Russian backed rebels will not surrender to the US supported regime in Kiev because they see US control over Ukraine as part of a much larger agenda to expand NATO power to the very borders of Russia. This has been happening for some years now. 
But it is the Washington-Moscow confrontation in Allepo, Syria which portends to a huge conflagration. The US is protective of major militant groups such as Al-Nusra which has besieged Eastern Allepo and is seeking to overthrow the Bashar al-Assad government. Washington has also set its sight on 'regime change' in Damascus ever since the latter's determined resistance to Israeli occupation of the strategic Golan Heights in Syria from 1967 onwards. The drive for regime change intensified with the US-Israeli quest for a 'new Middle East' following the Anglo-American invasion and occupation of Iraq in 2003. It became more pronounced in 2009 when Bashar al-Assad rejected a proposal to allow a gas pipe-line from Qatar to Europe to pass through his country, a pipe-line which would have reduced Europe's dependence upon Russia for gas. Russia of course has been a long-standing ally of Syria. Together with Iran and the Lebanese Hezbollah, it is helping the Syrian government to break the siege of Eastern Allepo and to defeat militants in other parts of Syria. 
It is obvious that in both instances, in Ukraine and Syria, the US has not been able to achieve what it wants. The US has also been stymied in Southeast Asia where its attempt to re-assert its power through its 2010 'Pivot to Asia' policy has suffered a serious setback as a result of the decision of the new president of the Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte, to pursue an independent foreign policy that no longer adheres blindly to US interests. At the same time, China continues to expand and enhance its economic strength in Asia and the world through its One Belt One Road (OBOR) projects and the Asia Infrastructure Investment Bank (AIIB) and via its leadership of BRICS. China's regional and global economic role is leading to its pronounced presence in security and military matters. As a result of all this, the US's imperial power has clearly diminished. It is a hegemon in decline. Source of image: lhvnews.com 
It is because it is not prepared to accept its decline that some US generals are threatening to demonstrate US's military might. If a hegemon is a danger to humankind when it is at its pinnacle, it becomes an even greater threat to peace when its power is diminishing. Like a wounded tiger, it becomes even more furious and ferocious. A new US president may be inclined to give vent to this frustration through an arrogant display of military power. 
How can we check such wanton arrogance? There will be elements in the elite stratum of US society itself who would be opposed to the US going to war. We saw a bit of this in 2013 when those who were itching to launch military strikes against Syria based upon dubious 'evidence' of the government's use of chemical weapons were thwarted by others with a saner view of the consequences of war. It is also important to observe that none of the US's major allies in Europe wants a war. Burdened by severe challenges related to the economy and migration, the governments know that their citizens will reject any move towards war either on the borders of Russia or in Syria and West Asia. 
This also suggests that a self-absorbed European citizenry may not have the enthusiasm to mobilise against an imminent war. Let us not forget that it was in European cities from London to Berlin that the biggest demonstrations against the war in Iraq took place in 2003. Anti-war protests will have to be initiated elsewhere this time. 
Governments in Moscow and Beijing, in Tehran and Jakarta, in Pretoria and La Paz, should come out openly against war. They should encourage other governments in the Global South and the Global North to denounce any move towards a war that will engulf the whole of humanity. Citizens all over the world should condemn war through a variety of strategies ranging from signature campaigns and letters to the media to public rallies and street demonstrations. 
In this campaign against an imminent war, the media, both conventional and alternative, will have a huge role to play. It is unfortunate that well-known media outlets in the West have supported war in the past. It is time that they atone for their sins!
ARTICLE

Source: Arctic News 
For some time, Arctic sea ice extent has again been at a record low for the time of the year. The image below shows Arctic sea ice extent on October 26, 2016, when extent was only 6.801 million kmÂ². 
One reason for the low sea ice extent is the high and rising temperature of the Arctic Ocean. On October 27, 2016, the Arctic Ocean was as warm as 14.8Â°C or 58.6Â°F (green circle near Svalbard), 12.1Â°C or 21.7Â°F warmer than 1981-2011, as the image below shows. 
On October 29, 2016, the Arctic Ocean was as warm as 14.9Â°C or 58.8Â°F (green circle near Svalbard), 12.1Â°C or 21.8Â°F warmer than 1981-2011, as the image below shows. 
As the sea ice shrinks, less sunlight gets reflected back into space, while more open water and higher sea surface temperatures also cause storms and cyclones to become stronger. Stronger cyclones also cause greater amounts of water vapor to move up the Pacific Ocean and the Atlantic Ocean toward the Arctic. [ click on image to enlarge ] [ click on image to enlarge ] 
Less Arctic sea ice and a warmer Arctic Ocean make that more heat and water vapor gets transferred from the Arctic Ocean to the atmosphere. The two above images show temperature forecasts for November 1 & 2, 2016. In both cases, temperatures over the Arctic as a whole are forecast to be as much as 6.40Â°C higher than 1979-2000. 
As these images show, temperature anomalies in many places are at the top end of the scale, i.e. +20Â°C or +36Â°F. 
Above combination image shows record low Arctic sea ice for the time of the year (left) and near record low Antarctic sea ice for the time of the year (right), with a combined sea ice extent of only 23.751 million kmÂ² on October 28, 2016. In other words, the world is now absorbing a lot of sunlight that was previously reflected back into space. 
Below are two further temperature forecast: 
Above image shows forecasts for October 31, 2016. The Arctic is forecast to be 6.07Â°C warmer than 1979-2000, while the Antarctic is forecast to be 4.56Â°C warmer than 1979-2000. 
Above image shows forecasts for November 1, 2016. The Arctic is forecast to be 6.42Â°C warer than 1979-2000, while the Antarctic is forecast to be 3.70Â°C warmer than 1979-2000. 
Rising temperatures over the Arctic further contribute to a rise in the amount of water vapor in the air over the Arctic at a rate of 7% more water vapor for every 1Â°C warming. Since water vapor is a potent greenhouse gas, more water vapor further accelerates warming in the Arctic. 
The Climate Reanalyzer image below shows the temperature rise in the Arctic over time. 
In the video below, Dr. Walt Meier of NASA Goddard Space Flight Center describes how the Arctic has been losing its thicker and older sea ice over the years (1991 to September 2016). 
The Naval Research Lab 30-day thickness animation below (up to October 28, 2016, with forecasts up to November 5, 2016) further shows minimal recent growth of the Arctic sea ice, especially in terms of the ice with a thickness of 1m or above. 
As the Arctic Ocean gets warmer, the danger grows that large amounts of methane will erupt from destabilizing hydrates at its seafloor. Ominously, high methane levels are visible over the Arctic on the image below, showing methane levels as high as 2424 ppb on October 24, 2016. 
The animation below, made with images from another satellite (and a different scale), shows high methane levels over th Arctic Ocean from October 26 to 28, 2016.
ARTICLE

geoengineeringwatch.org 
We are all swimming in a sea of microwave transmissions that are decimating the climate system and are extremely harmful to all life forms. What you don't know can hurt you. Many are now finally beginning to look up and take notice of the ongoing atmospheric aerosol spraying that is occurring in skies all over the globe. Incredibly anomalous cloud shapes and forms which can only be considered engineered have been photographed from satellite. Extremely powerful microwave transmissions are a major aspect of the climate engineering assault that often goes unnoticed by many, even within the ranks of the anti-climate engineering movement. Radio frequency transmissions are utilized by the climate engineers to manipulate the aircraft sprayed heavy metal and chemical particulates. Like sound waves, microwave transmissions ripple through the atmosphere, leaving their telltale signature on the geoengineering aerosol laced cloud cover. Radio frequency transmissions emanating from the French Southern and Antarctic Lands, captured on satellite imagery. French Southern and Antarctic Lands Palm Springs, California. Photo credit: Ron Morgan Port Washington, New York. Photo credit: GeoengineeringWatch.org Palm Springs, California. Photo credit: Ron Morgan Morongo Valley, California. Photo credit: Ron Morgan Palm Springs, California. Photo credit: Ron Morgan Morongo Valley, California. Photo credit: Ron Morgan Morongo Valley, California. Photo credit: Ron Morgan Cantabria, Spain. Photo credit: Alberto IbaÃ±ez Morongo Valley, California. Photo credit: Ron Morgan Morongo Valley, California. Photo credit: Ron Morgan Honolulu, Hawaii. Photo credit: Irmina Bernal
ARTICLE

geoengineeringwatch.org 
Global warming disinformation is greatly harmful to the critical cause of exposing and halting climate engineering (which is greatly exacerbating planetary warming and poisoning the entire planet in the process ). Because patently false climate information is so harmful to the anti-geoengineering cause , we must not look the other way when anyone pushes total disinformation on the public. Some lies are so massive and increasingly blatant that it is nearly impossible to imagine that they are still being propagated. Could a 3 day symposium pushing the "Global warming is a hoax" false narrative actually be carried out with a straight face while the planet is free falling into a state of total meltdown ? Are there people who would pay nearly $400 dollars to attend such a symposium and have so called " world's top experts" attempt to convince them that "global warming is the biggest deception in history"? Exactly who would sponsor a "global warming is a myth" event? What would be their motive? The organizer of the "Global Warming, An Inconvenient Lie" conference is non other than Ed Griffin of "Freedom Force International" who seems to be running some sort of multi-level marketing program . Who is Mr. Griffin's top "expert" for the upcoming "global warming is a hoax" event? Enter "Lord Monckton" of Benchley. 
"Lord Monckton" has a long resume indeed, but in reality his resume is better described as a " wrap sheet " which should be examined by anyone who has any notion of attending this disinformation event. Why would "Lord Monckton" put so much time and energy into the "global warming is a hoax" false narrative? Could the fact that Monckton receives funding from the fossil fuel industry have anything to do with his tireless efforts to parrot the oil industry disinformation ? Is this the same reason that "Lord Monckton" ardently denies the climate engineering issue in a shocking interview ? Exactly as the fossil fuel industry and the geoengineers would want him to? 
Who is the second string "expert" in the "global warming is a hoax" line up? Yet another fossil fuel funded actor, Tim Ball. 
Tim Ball has been called " the lie that just won't die " for good reason. Ball's trail of disinformation has been well documented by numerous sources . An international radio show host (Vinny Eastwood) once invited Mr. Ball to debate the geoengineering issue with me on a live radio broadcast, Mr. Ball refused. He denies the reality of the issue, as does Mr. Monckton. Individuals like Monckton and Ball are simply paid props in a rapidly disintegrating disinformation road show. There are more featured "experts" that are apparently pushing the "global warming is a hoax" disinformation, but you get the idea. Who is the star of the coming disinformation event? It's Mr. Ed Griffin. 
Ed Griffin made the following statement on the record in 2013: 
'¦ the planet now is in a cooling stage'¦ 
What has happened since 2013? And was already inarguably happening for the decades before 2013? Rapidly increasing global temperatures from anthropogenic activity which of course includes climate engineering at the top of the list. Mr. Griffin is apparently already receiving emails of criticism from his followers for his ridiculously false position in regard to the state of the climate. Griffin actually just published one such message that stated " Griffin, you've got it wrong, climate change is real ". Ed seems have been motivated to publish this criticism because he was proud of his answer to critic who had expressed justifiable concern about sea level rise submerging islands. What was Mr. Griffin's answer? 
That is part of the global-warming myth. In some places'¦.. the land is sinking'¦ 
So there you have it, there is no sea level rise, the land is just sinking. Mr. Griffin, rising sea levels are chewing away at shorelines all over the globe , so, here is a question for you, is all the land sinking? What are Mr. Griffin's views on climate engineering? That is also a very interesting narrative that is truly baffling. Apparently (according to Mr. Griffin) the grid patterns we see in the sky are just being blown into such patterns by the wind . 
So what is the bottom line in regard to the state of the climate? The planet and climate system is not just warming, it is descending into a state of total meltdown with global climate engineering programs helping to fuel the overall fire. Those who have made it their mission (for whatever reason or motive) to deny the planetary meltdown, are simply toeing the line for big oil and the geoengineers . 
Here is the climate reality, the Arctic is in a state of total meltdown along with the rest of the planet . Even Antarctic sea ice ( the last vestige for the global cooling false narrative) is also now at record low levels . The "departure from normal high temperature" map above shows the Arctic meltdown with startling clarity. The US is also experiencing record shattering heat with no end in sight. 
Ice deposits are crashing around the world. Front-line film footage of the imploding ice deposits (the cryosphere) proves this fact beyond any doubt. The graph above is a shocking image of the radical decline of global sea ice. And about the front-line reality, we don't need graphs, we have front-line fim footage . 
What is the bottom line? There is either the truth, or a lie. Those that are pushing the "global warming is a hoax" false narrative are pushing an unimaginably ridiculous lie. Why does it matter? Because credibility is critical in the battle to expose and halt climate engineering . Why is stopping climate engineering so important? Because the global weather warfare assault is mathematically the greatest and most immediate threat we face short of nuclear cataclysm. When so called "independent" news sources completely discredit the anti-geoengineering community by pushing completely false disinformation, bridges with the science community cannot be built. Such bridges are absolutely essential if we are to have any chance of fully exposing and halting the climate engineering insanity. Investigating the truth is our responsibility, as is sharing it. Make your voice heard .
ARTICLE

geoengineeringwatch.org 
The power structure is continuing to fracture from within. Like feuding mafia families that no longer have enough turf to exploit, they will begin to turn on each other. There are many predicting the manner in which the dominos will fall, but who can know with any certainty? There are simply too many variables and too many factors that are already far beyond the breaking point. The noose is being tightened around all our necks from countless directions. The AT&T purchase of Time Warner (and thus CNN News) is just another sign of the rapid power structure consolidation. Those who attempt to stand up to the fascist state are treated brutally, as the Dakota pipeline protesters now know. The hypocrisy of environmentalists like Leonardo DiCaprio (and organizations like National Geographic) is perplexing and disappointing. The newly released film "After The Flood (by DeCaprio and National Geographic) was disappointing and unfortunately only a half truth. The US military continues to bomb the forces that are actually fighting ISIS, why? Has the human race overshot the planet's ability to support the population? If so, who bears the blame, and where do we go from here? The latest installment of Global Alert News is below. 
As the battle for the greater good becomes ever more difficult, and the horizon grows darker, many, unfortunately, abandon their post and passively sit down on the bench. There is no solace in walking away from the most important struggle ever faced by the human race and at the most critical time. We must never turn away, we must never yield, we must never give up, make your voice heard in the fight for the greater good.
ARTICLE

Source: ConsortiumNews.com 
The U.S. acts as if its military has an inalienable right to operate close to the borders of other nations and those nations have no right to see these actions as provocative, writes Jonathan Marshall. 
If humanity ever suffers a Third World War, chances are good it will start in some locale distant from the United States like the Baltic or South China Seas, the Persian Gulf, or Syria, where Washington and its rivals play daily games of 'chicken' with lethal air and naval forces. 
Far from enhancing U.S. security, the aggressive deployment of U.S. armed forces in these and other hot spots around the world may be putting our very survival at risk by continuously testing and prodding other military powers. What our military gains from forward deployment, training exercises, and better intelligence may be more than offset by the unnecessary provocation of hostile responses that could escalate into uncontrollable conflicts. 
The most obvious example is Russia, which top Pentagon officials like to remind us 'poses an existential threat to the United States' by virtue of its huge nuclear arsenal. So it was discomforting to learn a few days ago that U.S. and Russian warplanes are experiencing near misses in Syrian airspace 'once every 10 days-ish,' in the words of Air Force Lt. Gen. Jeff Harrigian. 
The risk of war with Russia would skyrocket , of course, if the United States were to try to impose a 'no-fly-zone.' 
Potentially deadly incidents aren't confined to Syria. In September , a Russian fighter jet flew within 10 feet of a U.S. Navy spy plane over the Black Sea. Six months ago, reacting to an increase in NATO war games and maneuvers, Russian aircraft buzzed a U.S. Navy destroyer conducting exercises with Poland in the Baltic Sea. 
Secretary of State John Kerry declared that the United States would have had every right to shoot down the plane. The Russians, noting that the exercises were taking place near the base of their Baltic Fleet, insisted they were simply exercising their rights to fly. 
A couple of days later, a Russian jet intercepted a U.S. reconnaissance plane in the same region. A Pentagon spokesman condemned the Russian pilot's 'aggressive' and 'unprofessional' maneuvers that could 'escalate tensions between countries.' A Russian spokesman said its air defense forces had reacted prudently to 'an unidentified target rapidly approaching the Russian border.' 
Indignant over Iran 
In the Persian Gulf, the U.S. Navy recorded 19 dangerous confrontations with Iranian vessels during the first half of this year, up from 10 in the same period in 2015. Another 11 such confrontations reportedly took place this July and August. Iran's Supreme Leader Ali Khamenei speaks to a crowd. (Iranian government photo) 
The most notorious incident, of course, occurred this January, when Iranian gunboats detained 10 U.S. Navy sailors for a day after they strayed into Iranian waters. The Obama administration, which had recently negotiated a nuclear accord with Iran, chose not to inflate the incident. In contrast, a trivial engagement between a U.S. Navy vessel and unarmed Iranian patrol boats in January 2008 fired up President George W. Bush and came perilously close to triggering another Tonkin Gulf Incident. 
Although Iran is not a nuclear power, it could be a regional menace if drawn into war, with ballistic missiles capable of reaching Israel and Saudi oil fields, and mines that could make the Persian Gulf virtually impassable. 
U.S. air and naval forces also engage in dangerous confrontations every few months with China, a nuclear state and the world's fastest-rising conventional military power. 
In late October, China's Defense Ministry protested an allegedly 'illegal' and 'intentionally provocative' patrol by the guided missile destroyer USS Decatur, which was sailing close to the Paracel Islands in the South China Sea to protest Chinese maritime claims. The Chinese vowed to increase their own air and maritime patrols to 'resolutely defend national sovereignty and security.' 
This summer, in the space of less than a month, Chinese fighter jets twice intercepted U.S. Air Force RC-135 spy planes off of China's coast. The Pentagon decried the Chinese response as dangerously 'unsafe,' while the Chinese complained that U.S. insistence on carrying out 'close reconnaissance activities against China . . . severely undermines China's maritime security.' 
Similar confrontations and now commonplace . They offer frightening reminders of the infamous 2001 Hainan Incident, which was triggered when two Chinese fighter jets intercepted a Navy EP-3 spy plane operating near the Paracel Islands and Hainan Island. One Chinese pilot maneuvered too close to the American plane and died when his cockpit was crushed. The damaged EP-3 and its crew managed to make an unauthorized emergency landing on Hainan. The George W. Bush administration brought the crew '” but not the spy plane '” home only after sending a letter of regret to defuse the international incident. 
As geopolitical analyst Michael Moran observed at the time, 'The drama of this aerial collision underscores an important and little-known post-Cold War reality: America's surveillance network has grown so vast and formidable that in some respects it is feared as much as U.S. weaponry itself.' 
Trouble with Aerial Spying 
Of course, aerial spying first became a cause celÃ¨bre during the Cold War when the Soviets shot down Gary Powers and his U-2 spy plane in 1960. The resulting diplomatic crisis derailed a promising international summit on nuclear disarmament. Since then, the tempo of spy flights has dramatically increased , despite the availability of satellites to monitor the world. 
'On any given day, there are more than a dozen 'strategic' reconnaissance flights, supplemented by dozens of shorter range missions by tactical listening aircraft and helicopters,' reported William Arkin after the Hainan Incident. 
Unlike satellites, intrusive planes trigger their targets' radar systems, light up their communications networks, and provoke military command responses. That's why American military leaders value the tactical intelligence they provide. That's also why countries like China view them with such hostility. 
The spy flight that triggered the Hainan Incident cost only one life, but history shows the risks can be far greater, especially during times of great political tension. 
For example, U.S. spy flights along the Soviet Union's eastern border helped provoke the tragic downing of a Korean Air Lines passenger jet in September 1983, when it strayed into sensitive Soviet airspace over military facilities in the Far East. The loss of 269 lives was terrible enough, but the resulting propaganda barrage from the Reagan administration helped arouse fears in the Kremlin into that war with the United States might be imminent. 
The two jittery superpowers came dangerously close to nuclear war later that month when Soviet early warning systems falsely reported the launch of U.S. Minuteman missiles. 
Military professionals in the United States and many of its rivals generally contain these incidents rather than letting them get out of hand. But accidents, miscalculations, and political opportunism pose ever-present risks of escalating small engagements into much larger military confrontations. 
There's plenty of blame to go around. But at the end of the day, what's striking is that virtually every one of these dangerous incidents takes place as a result of U.S. military patrols or exercises near the borders of countries with whom we are ostensibly at peace, not while defending our own borders. 
Americans raised on a pervasive ideology of 'exceptionalism' all too easily assume that our far-flung military presence is simply the natural order of things, and that any challenge to it must be countered. A little reflection, however, should suggest why countries '” like Russia, China and Iran '” grow hostile and even paranoid as they are tested almost daily by the air and naval forces of a superpower. Even if we do not appreciate their point of view, we should seriously ask whether our military really serves U.S. security interests by provoking new opportunities for deadly confrontations almost daily.
ARTICLE

Headlines from Siberia reveal an incident of uniformly spherical "ice boulders" suddenly washing up on the shores of Nyda, Russia. Are we to believe this is only an "act of nature" as "official sources" have told us? Photo credit: Ekaterina Chernykh 
Why would the "ice boulders" occur with Arctic sea ice at record low levels? Why would perfectly spherical "ice balls" occur at all? 2012 was the previous record Arctic ice low for this time of year, 2016 has shattered that former record. 
Why would such formations occur from the record warm Arctic Ocean? Sea temperatures in some zones of the Arctic Ocean are as much as 25 degrees above the 30 year average. This average was taken from 1981-2011, when the ocean temperatures were already warmer than the pre-industrial era. 
Why are governments and media doing all they can to hide the reality of the record warm Arctic from the public? There are many reasons, none of them are benevolent. Temperatures in the polar regions are going completely off the charts as the "departure from normal temperature" map below makes clear. 
Siberia is undergoing massive engineered cooling assaults , but the extremely rapid warming of the planet is undeniable and climate engineering is helping to fuel the overall fire . Are the climate engineers trying desperately to reduce the methane "blowouts" that are occurring in Siberia due to rapidly thawing methane permafrost deposits? Whatever the case, the short term engineered (and highly toxic) cool-downs come at the cost of a worsened overall warming . Photo credit: Andrey Naumenko 
Again, the "experts" tell us that the "ice boulder" phenomenon is a "natural" occurrence. But if this is so, why is there no long term historical record (or photographs) of this phenomenon occurring? There is no such record because the ridiculously uniform "ice boulders" are absolutely not natural . The "experts" are simply lying, as they are paid to do. We are all swimming in a sea of lies and deception that is propagated by countless individuals in academia, media, and "official sources", who have completely betrayed humanity in exchange for a paycheck and a pension . When will the population reactivate their sense of sanity and reason? When will the population recognize that our geoengineered skies should not look like they do? When will the population face the fact that steel structure high-rise buildings (building 7 on 911) don't just fall down because of an office furniture fire on the lower floors? And why can't the masses discern that miles of shorelines covered with almost perfectly uniform and symmetrical "ice boulders" is completely unnatural? 
Below is an article on chemical ice nucleation that I first posted in November of 2015. The information it contains is every bit as relevant now as it was almost exactly one year ago. The Engineered Winter Deception, Chemical Ice Nucleation 
All around the globe, extreme, destructive, and unprecedented "frozen precipitation" events are occurring . A great many of these events begin at temperature ranges far above the freezing point (though temperatures on the ground can drop precipitously as the nucleation process unfolds). Why? Most have never heard of "chemical ice nucleation for weather modification", but patents exist for this process and the Chinese government has long since admitted to engineering frozen precipitation events . The 90 second video below is astounding, a 200 foot wide river of ice flowing through the Saudi desert on November 2nd, 2015. 
Extreme hail events are happening with alarming frequency , often in the most unlikely locations where such storms have not historically occurred. "Ice storm" hits Saudi Arabia in Early November, 2015 
When moisture laden storms are saturated with artificial/chemical ice nucleating elements (due to the destructive attempt by the climate engineers to temporarily cool-down ground temperatures on the ground), storms that would have been a deluge of rain become unprecedented onslaughts of frozen precipitation. Record hail storm in Quito, Ecuador, February 14, 2015 
The damage being inflicted by the rapidly increasing hail storms is massive and growing. Record hail event, Bogata Columbia, February 22, 2015 
Africa is also being subjected to unprecedented hail events. A record shattering 3 feet of hail is dumped on the East African nation of Eritrea, March 14, 2014 
Below is a shocking photo of "ice balls" piled up on the shores of Lake Michigan. Why is there no long term historical record of such a profound phenomenon? Chemical ice nucleating materials form a central core of ice that builds up around itself. The motion of the waves then contribute to the spherical shape. "Ice balls" have formed and accumulated on Lake Michigan in the last few years, why? Such "ice balls" have even formed on lake water that was 40 degrees , how is this possible at temperatures far above the normal freezing point? Without chemical ice nucleation, it isn't possible. 
What is occurring on the shores of distant seas? Yet more "ice balls" have appeared in recent years. "Ice balls" on the Baltic Coast in Northern Poland. "Official" sources say this recent unprecedented phenomenon is just "natural", are we to believe them? 
Other European countries are noting the same phenomenon. Ice balls on the coast of Finland. The "official" explanation for this recent mysterious anomaly? Again, we are told it is a "natural" occurrence. 
How natural do these "ice pancakes" look in the photo below? CNN news called these "ice pancakes" "mysterious". This phenomenon has also been observed on various lakes and rivers in recent years. It is the extreme uniformity of these formations that separates them from any natural phenomenon. Chemical nucleation materials are the core causal factor that produce the recent rash of profound ice formations . 
"Freezing rain" has now become commonplace. Extreme "ice storms" are wreaking havoc all over the globe . Depending on atmospheric conditions and temperatures, precipitation from storms that have been sprayed with chemical ice nucleating materials can reach the ground before actually freezing. This vehicle photo was taken in Versoix, Switzerland. Formerly unprecedented ice storms have now become the norm as the geoengineers do their best to create temporary chemical cool-downs in a rapidly warming world . 
Where can the most profound chemical ice nucleation examples be seen? The satellite photos below show completely unnatural ice formation structures on the Arctic ocean, September 15th, 2015. Arctic ocean temperatures have persisted at record high levels and the warming continues to worsen . Why would ice form in open water under such conditions, and in a manner that is completely different than the normal ice pack winter expansion? And all this during a year that has had record warmth and record ice melt in the Arctic ? Surface ice formation on record warm seas worsens the overall warming by trapping the heat below . Another satellite photo taken over the Arctic Ocean, September 15, 2015. Extremely anomalous sea surface ice formation is clearly evident. 
Even into November, 2015, astoundingly high ocean temperatures have persisted and continue to shatter records . The map below clearly shows that sea surface temperatures were as much as 24.7 degrees ABOVE NORMAL in the Arctic ocean on November 7, 2015. Global ocean temperatures are skyrocketing so rapidly that scientists must keep updating charts to keep up . 
The excerpt below was taken from a recently posted Article from "Arctic News", it should be read carefully. Arctic news describes the effects of atmospheric particulates (primarily from geoengineering which Arctic news refuses to admit to). They then state clearly the negative overall effects of these particulates (again, a result of geoengineering). And at the end of the article from which this excerpt was taken, Arctic News and the Arctic Methane Emergency Group calls for global geoengineering to be deployed immediately, as if it has not already been going on for over 6 decades in clear view and causing catastrophic effects. We must all diligently "sift the baby from the bathwater" so to speak. Though the front line data from Arctic news is accurate and verifiable from other sources, their constant call for geoegineering to commence is extremely alarming. 
Aerosols Particulates , in particular sulfate, can provide short-term cooling of the sea surface . Large amounts of sulfate are emitted from industrial areas in the east of North America and in East Asia. On the Northern Hemisphere, the Coriolis effect makes that such emissions will typically reach areas over the nearby ocean to the east of such industrial areas, resulting in the sea surface there being cooled substantially, until the particulates have fallen out of the sky. Since the sulfate is emitted on an ongoing basis, the cooling effect continues without much interruption . 
This sulfate has a cooling effect on areas of the sea surface where ocean currents are moving warm water toward the Arctic Ocean. Because the sea surface gets colder, there is less evaporation, and thus less heat transfer from the ocean to the atmosphere during the time it takes for the water to reach the Arctic Ocean. As a result, water below the sea surface remains warmer as it moves toward the Arctic Ocean . 
Similarly, as illustrated by above image, sulfur dioxide emitted in industrial areas in North America and East Asia can extend over the oceans, cooling the surface water of currents that are moving water toward the Arctic Ocean. 
So the overall conclusion from Arctic News is that the atmospheric particulates are making a bad situation worse, not better. Yet, they continue to call for geoengineering deployment as if that is not the source of "atmospheric pollution" they have just condemned. 
Below is a recent satellite photo of the sea surface off the coast of Greenland. Again we see an extremely anomalous and unprecedented pattern of ice formations like those shown earlier in this article. The massive chemical ice nucleation efforts in the Arctic , by the geoengineers, is undeniable. 
The AccuWeather "forecast" (scheduled weather) for November 16-20, 2015, shows snow with a daytime high of 59 degrees and a night time low of 40 degrees. Why? 
In the next map, we see snow again called for on the 22nd with the same temperatures as the earlier forecast, yet, on the 25th only rain is called for with much colder low temperatures? Snow is now often reported at temperatures up to 50 degrees and even above, welcome to the world of chemical ice nucleation. As previously mentioned, there are patents for such processes , and again, the Chinese scientists have openly admitted their programs to create engineered snow storms . 
What scenario are the geoengineers creating in the US with their chemical ice nucleated cool-downs? The exact antithesis of what has been the case in the US for the previous 3 winters . The extreme scenario shown in the most current NOAA map below is historically unprecedented, but in recent years has become the norm. The "scheduled" weather from the geoengineers is for temperatures to be up to 20 degrees below normal in the West, and 20 or more degrees above normal in the East. 
Chemical ice nucleation of storms and precipitation does create a cold dense layer of air on the ground level that can drastically lower temperatures temporarily. But what is the overall cost? A decimated climate system, a worsened overall warming of the planet, and total contamination of the atmosphere and surface of our planet (due to the highly toxic fallout from the climate engineering programs). If you think your winter weather is natural, think again. Exposing the ongoing climate engineering insanity is challenge we must all face head on, make your voice heard in this battle . Forward solid information to all those that need to know and don't. Make every day count in this most critical fight.
ARTICLE

Source: CNBC, article by Robert Ferris Arctic sea ice is melting at a rate far faster than anyone thought, and it is already wildly, and perhaps The 36,000 member Institute of Physics 'Climate geoengineering at scale must be considered only as a last resort'¦There should be no lessening of attempts to otherwise correct the harmful impacts of human economies on the Earth's ecology and climate.' IS RAYTHEON THE WEATHER? Raytheon Corporation is the third largest weapons manufacturer, and is a partner in HAARP . Raethon also tells the weather to the American Meteorological Service (AMS) and is the leading corporation in Weather Modification Nano Technology, as well as advanced Weather Weapon Systems. Here is Raytheon's RAY GUN crowd control, weather modification, weapons systems, weather forecasting Raytheon. Still think they can't alter the weather? President John F Kennedy Secret Societies Methane
ARTICLE


My 138th email to my contact list, titled: 'Dramatic Global Sea Ice Collapse'. 
1. Is my E Year of 2024 (suggested just 2 weeks ago) a tad optimistic?: 
a. Dramatic drop in Global Sea Ice Area: 
https://sites.google.com/site/arctischepinguin/home/sea-ice-extent-area/grf/nsidc_global_area_byyear_b.png 
The data has been checked and seems to be fairly accurate/representative. The Global Sea Ice Extent graph is very similar. 
b. The Arctic Ocean heatwave continues to worsen next week with huge areas having surface air temperatures at or above 0ÂºC. The apparent increase in Arctic sea ice area is offset by the melting of the underwater ice by warm sea water. Salt sea water freezes naturally at minus 1.8ÂºC. 
c. There appears to be scheduled a massive effort next week to atmospherically spray the Siberian area to endothermically cool the air. Perhaps the methane emission from permafrost are causing concern '“ recent methane peaks reported @ 2633pbb at @ 20,000ft. 
d. Torstein Viddal's Nov 10 graph of Arctic Sea Ice Annual Average Extent states that, if sustained, the first ice free 365 days would commence in May 2023. 
e. The first Arctic "Blue Ocean Event" (of more than just a few days) will highly likely happen in 2017'¦then what?'¦ well, listen several times to Schneller Als Gedacht (Faster Than Expected): http://xwer.de/en/sag-008-blue-ocean-event 
Why is Arctic Ice and methane so important? Arctic sea water is heating @ 4 times faster than the rest of the world's sea water and the northern hemisphere is currently heating faster than the southern hemisphere; 90% of the world's population and food production is in the northern hemisphere. 
f. Watch Paul Beckwith's informative "Arctic Sea Ice Regrowth is Eff'ed" parts 1 and 2: https://paulbeckwith.net 
When I first heard 'In the Year 2525' by Zager and Evans in 1969, I used to say "At least I won't be around when all that happens": https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=izQB2-Kmiic 
I now think I will be, and that we have already reached their year 9595'¦schneller als gedacht! 
2. A glimpse into some of the foreign militants in Syria: http://www.globalresearch.ca/erdogans-al-qaeda-mercenary-army-of-uyyghur-chinese-jihadists-dispatched-to-syria/5555297 
Erdogan is playing a very dangerous game with Russia/Syria/Iran/China and US/NATO/Saudi, and is now threatening to allow 3 million refugees into Europe if he/Turkey does not receive further EU payments (which Turkey has not actually joined yet). 
3. "'¦The earth has received the embrace of the sun, and soon we shall see the results of that love. Every seed is awakened and so has all animal life. It is through this mysterious power that we too have our being, and we therefore yield to our neighbours, even our animal neighbours the same right as ourselves '“ to inhabit this land" Sitting Bull. 
"Humans have the power to make earth a place of peace, humanity and fraternity. It simply depends on everyone" Anon. 
"Waste no more time talking about great souls and how they should be. Become one yourself." Marcus Aurelius (121 '“ 180). I thought Dane Wigington of http://www.geoengineeringwatch.org and a few others would like that one..! 

ARTICLE

geoengineeringwatch.org 
Are unimaginably powerful microwave transmissions actively and aggressively being used as weapons of mass destruction? If all available evidence is examined, the logical conclusions are chilling. Understanding the full potential of the power that can be projected from the ionosphere heater installations (like HAARP) is difficult and complex. We all know and understand that microwave transmissions produced in our countertop ovens can heat a cup of water (or frozen TV dinners) at blinding speed. Unfortunately, most don't know and thus have never even considered (let alone investigated) what massively powerful and interlinked microwave transmissions can do to the planet . When immensely powerful microwave transmissions are bounced off the atmosphere (facilitated by the atmospheric aerosol saturation) and directed back into the Earth's strata (in a seismically sensitive location), the triggering of seismic activity becomes scientifically possible. The constant jet aircraft spraying of reflective and electrically conductive particles into the atmosphere (as part of the ongoing climate engineering/geoengineering assault) is a verifiable fact. Is New Zealand, yet again, the victim of microwave transmission super-weapons? There is a long list of shocking facts surrounding a number of recent catastrophic earthquakes. It is imperative to examine these facts without preconceptions or programmed denial. Let's start with the month leading up to the extremely destructive 2010 earthquake in Haiti, MIT satellite monitoring detected a radical increase in ULF (ultra low frequency/microwave) radio transmissions over the quake epicenter . 
Spacecraft Saw ULF Radio Emissions over Haiti before January Quake 
A French satellite observed a dramatic increase in ultra low frequency radio waves over Haiti in the month before the M7.0 earthquake earlier this year. 
DEMETER's is an unusual mission. Its job is to monitor low frequency radio waves generated by earthquakes. 
Today, a group of geoscientists release the data associated with the M 7.0 earthquake that struck Haiti in January. They say that DEMETER saw a clear increase in ultralow frequency radio waves being emitted from the Earth's the crust in that region in the build up to the quake. 
The anecdotal evidence of electromagnetic effects associated with earthquakes is legion. Various accounts link earthquakes with mysterious light and heating effects. 
After the Haiti quake, the US military moved in and occupied the country. In addition, the long drawn-out Clinton Foundation reconstruction debacle began. The following year a deadly earthquake struck Christchurch, New Zealand. Many circumstances surrounding this disaster were also troubling. Did US officials know the earthquake was coming? Some excerpts from a report on the disaster are below. 
Was the Christchurch earthquake a terrible natural disaster, or was it a terrible MAN MADE disaster? 
9 members of US Congress were in Christchurch for a summit meeting on Feb 21 & 22 but left Christchurch 2.5 hours before the earthquake hit and relocated to Wellington even though the meeting was not due to finish until the evening of Feb 22nd. 
The US Secretary of Homeland Security, Janet Napolitano, was supposed to be visiting Christchurch and speaking at the summit meeting on Feb 22, but on Feb 18 announced she was cancelling her visit 3. The Deputy Administrator of FEMA (US Federal Emergency Management Agency), Timothy Manning, just happened to be in Christchurch at the time with a US delegation. 
All of the rest of the delegation left Christchurch shortly before the quake hit except for Mr Manning who stayed behind, and then after the quake hit he assisted with directing the emergency response. Exactly the same thing happened with FEMA delegates with the Haiti earthquake. In Haiti , the FEMA delegates just happened to be there at the time conducting training exercises for responding to major earthquakes. 
Recent releases from Wikileaks resulted in the headline below: 
Hillary Clinton Emails Show Advanced Warning of Christchurch Earthquake . 
In the days before the catastrophic Japanese Earthquake (that occurred on March 11, 2016), world renowned research institution, MIT, yet again, noted extremely profound and anomalous atmospheric heating directly over the quake epicenter . MIT published the following report: 
Atmosphere Above Japan Heated Rapidly Before M9 Earthquake 
Infrared emissions above the epicenter increased dramatically in the days before the devastating earthquake in Japan, say scientists. 
They say that before the M9 earthquake, the total electron content of the ionosphere increased dramatically over the epicentre, reaching a maximum three days before the quake struck. 
At the same time, satellite observations showed a big increase in infrared emissions from above the epicentre, which peaked in the hours before the quake. In other words, the atmosphere was heating up. 
Though the science community is desperately trying to link pre-quake atmospheric heating to some unknown phenomenon of an atmospheric coupling with the pressure buildup in the strata, is this a rational conclusion? The much more logical and straightforward conclusion is this, the atmospheric heating is being intentionally created by the global network of ionosphere heaters as immense microwave signals are bounced off of the atmosphere and back down into the planet. Unfortunately, the science community is not allowed to even consider this possibility, let alone talk about it. In the period preceding the decimating Japanese earthquake, US Japanese relations were very strained . The post-quake scenario of US/Japanese relations seemed to suddenly be unquestionable, was there a connection? Was the catastrophic quake just a natural event? Or an engineered warning to Japan? 
On the 13th of November, 2016, another catastrophic earthquake struck near Christchurch, New Zealand . The list of troubling questions surrounding this earthquake is long and growing. Below are some quotes from seismologist Anna Kaiser (who is investigating the latest New Zealand earthquake activity): 
We don't know what we are dealing with right now but it may be '¦ it involves potentially more than one fault '¦ we need to figure out what was going on before and after the 7.5 magnitude quake'¦ 
Kaiser went on to say this: 
We're working very hard '¦ this is looking quite complex. The epicenter was possibly just south of the Hope fault, but it did look like "something else was going on. 
The seismologist statements are only the beginning, there are many more concerning factors surrounding the latest New Zealand Earthquake that should be considered. 
In spite of the unfolding US election circumstances, in the days before the latest New Zealand quake John Kerry first went to Christchurch, and then on to McMurdo Station, Antarctica . The stated purpose of Kerry's visit was to examine the effects of global warming and the record low sea ice, but this trip at this time was criticized by some. 
US Secretary of State John Kerry is scheduled to head back to New Zealand after checking out summer in Antarctica. 
He's been criticized for heading to such a remote place while the US election riveted the world 
He tweeted a photograph of himself boarding C-17 cargo plane in Christchurch saying "headed to Antarctica to see firsthand some of the drastic effects of climate change". 
In Antarctica he was scheduled to meet with scientists and researchers at McMurdo Station, the largest research station of the US Antarctic programme, as well as visit surrounding areas on Ross Island, and the US Government's Amundsen-Scott South Pole Station. 
He is the first secretary of state and the most senior US government official to ever travel to Antarctica. 
He is hosted by the US National Science Foundation, which manages the US Antarctic program me. 
In fact Antarctica has just broken a new climate record, with record low winter sea ice . After a peak of 18.5 million square kilometers in late August , sea ice began retreating about a month ahead of schedule and has been setting daily low records through most of September. Though Antarctic sea ice (and global sea ice) are at record shattering low levels, why else might John Kerry go to McMurdo Station at this exact window of time? Could the ionosphere heater (microwave transmission) facility that is constructed at McMurdo be a factor? Noctilucent clouds in the skies above Antarctica are an ominous harbinger of the atmospheric damage that is occurring there. 
Many are under the belief that HAARP, now labeled IRI, no longer exists Operationally due to the Gakona, AK spin. One must understand that these Frequency Generators are Globally Ubiquitous. There are so many that are of dissimilar designs, and go by different acronyms, it is not seen as functionally one and the same. In the case of McMurdo's Radome and all of the Radar equipment there ; Raytheon has had the contracts beginning to end. The National Science Foundation and Raytheon Polar Services Company are housed in the same building. For years the station has grown. It can house 1258 personnel and an average of 200 winter over. 
Raytheon is one of the largest private "defense contractors" on the planet, this corporation is also the holder of numerous climate engineering patents including some that relate directly to ionosphere heaters. The power structure is likely microwaving the skies for a multitude of reasons , none of those reasons are in the interest of the common good. 
Shocking atmospheric flashing lights were filmed in the skies above New Zealand as the massive Earthquake was occurring. 
Kerry returned to Christchurch from Antarctica, and then promptly (and conveniently) departed only hours before the catastrophic earthquake struck . 
The statement below is from CBS news. 
Sec. John Kerry had left the country before it struck, and just landed in Singapore on his way to Oman when news of the quake was reported. 
Is it just a coincidence that US officials always seem to safely depart quake impact zones just prior to the event? 
Then there is this headline to consider: 
World's Biggest Seismic Testing 'œBlast' Ship '“ Amazon Warrior '“ Parked on top of New Zealand Fault Line 
Is this just a coincidence? 
The New Zealand Prime Minister's apparent apprehension about the US election results just days prior to the quake are also of interest. 
Microwave transmission signals/rings near Antarctica are clearly visible in the satellite composite image shown below. 
The regions of New Zealand near the epicenter have been constantly assaulted with aerosols spraying and microwave transmissions. 
The uniform ribbing of aerosolized cloud cover is a clear indication of microwave transmission exposure. Though some "official" sources try to explain this type of cloud pattern as being a result of the underlying land topography, this explanation is patently false. The same patterns are now regularly seen over oceans as well as land as is shown in the satellite photo below that was taken of New Zealand directly over the quake region. 
The image below bears testimony to what the global power structure does to those that try to get in the way of their agendas and operations. This photo is of the bridge of the Greenpeace ship "The Rainbow Warrior". It was bombed and sunk by the French Secret Service in order to prevent the ship and its crew from witnessing ongoing illegal and unimaginably destructive nuclear detonations. 
Over 2 decades ago I dove alone on the wreck of the Rainbow Warrior, as it laid on the seafloor off the coast of New Zealand. I swam through the area shown above, around the ship, and examined the gapping bomb blast hole in the hull of the once noble vessel. I hovered over the wreck and contemplated the tyranny of those who rule the world. We are all at a crossroads, and the horizon is darkening rapidly. The power structure wields weapons of unimaginable destruction, they can only do so because of the order-followers that carry out their insanity. As the saying goes, "we have seen the enemy, and they are us". It is up to us, the people, all of us, to refuse any further participation in the insanity. It is up to us to fully investigate and fully face the whole truth. It is up to us to prioritize the fight for the greater good because we owe that debt to our children, to the planet, and to the whole. Make your voice heard , while you can, while it can still matter.
ARTICLE

geoengineeringwatch.org 
As winter approaches, the climate engineers will further ramp up the chemical ice nucleation assault everywhere they can. The temperature swings are becoming ever more radical and abrupt as weather-makers become increasingly desperate to hide the disintegrating climate from the public until the last possible moment. The paradox is this, every engineered cool-down created by the climate engineers further accelerates the unfolding overall climate implosion. The climate unraveling is a completely nonlinear equation, this fact cannot be overstated. What makes those in power willing to wield their weapons of total decimation? What drives them? Why don't they realize that their own demise is also inevitable if the current course of the human race is not completely and immediately altered? The latest addition of Global Alert News is below. 
Many are frustrated and discouraged by the resistance to the truth they are experiencing from their families and friends. For those that have felt this frustration, know this, many shocking realities will be impossible to hide for much longer. The seeds of awareness you are sowing will very soon be forced to sprout, wait and see. Never give up, our combined efforts matter more than we can yet know or realize. DW This week's GeoengineeringWatch.org outreach booth is at the Oregon Convention Center, Portland, OR, and is shown below. My most sincere and continuing gratitude to the Gemfair exhibition organizers for facilitating and setting up this very effective booth in every week's GemFair location. The schedule for upcoming Gemfair events is HERE . A geoengineeringwatch.org booth will be at all events, thanks to the steadfast support of Gemfair. Leave a Reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Website Comment You may use these HTML tags and attributes: <a href="" title=""><abbr title=""><acronym title=""><b><blockquote cite=""><cite><code><del datetime=""><em><i><q cite=""><strike><strong> VISITORS
ARTICLE

Source: Common Dreams 
Arctic is losing ice and heating up despite seasonal onset of 24-hour darkness'”phenomena that break all previous records 
As 2016 continues on its march toward becoming the hottest year on record , the Arctic is seeing extreme warmth beyond anything previously recorded at this time of year'”prompting alarm from climate scientists around the world. 
"Folks, we're in a climate emergency," tweeted meteorologist Eric Holthaus. Yeah, this isn't normal. Follow @ZLabe @Weather_West @Climatologist49 for more. Folks, we're in a climate emergency. Tell everyone you know. pic.twitter.com/BKuD7H4qfD 
'” Eric Holthaus (@EricHolthaus) November 17, 2016 
The temperature at the North Pole as of Thursday was a stunning 36ÂºF (20Â°C) above normal. 
The bizarre heat is fueling the rapid melt of the pole's ice caps, and it is particularly unusual because it's all happening during the polar night'”the time of year when the North Pole never sees the sun, observed UCLA climate scientist Daniel Swain: Despite onset of #PolarNight , temperatures near #NorthPole increasing. Extraordinary situation right now in #Arctic , w/record low #seaice . pic.twitter.com/zpS8hDK2nG 
'” Daniel Swain (@Weather_West) November 16, 2016 
Other meteorologists on Twitter highlighted the abnormality of the situation: Today's latest #Arctic mean temperature continues to move the wrong direction'¦ up. Quite an anomalous spike! pic.twitter.com/C93cQWUKV9 
'” Zack Labe (@ZLabe) November 15, 2016 
The cause? According to the Washington Post , it's the result of an elongated jet stream propelling hot air farther north than normal'”which is caused by climate change. 
"The Arctic warmth is the result of a combination of record-low sea-ice extent for this time of year, probably very thin ice, and plenty of warm/moist air from lower latitudes being driven northward by a very wavy jet stream," Jennifer Francis, an Arctic specialist at Rutgers University, told the Post . 
The Washington Post continued: 
Francis has published research suggesting that the jet stream, which travels from west to east across the Northern Hemisphere in the mid-latitudes, is becoming more wavy and elongated as the Arctic warms faster than the equator does. 
"It will be fascinating to see if the stratospheric polar vortex continues to be as weak as it is now, which favors a negative Arctic Oscillation and probably a cold mid/late winter to continue over central and eastern Asia and eastern North America. The extreme behavior of the Arctic in 2016 seems to be in no hurry to quit," Francis continued. 
Another culprit is that areas of open ocean water are showing unusually hot surface temperatures, according to Mark Serreze, director of the National Snow and Ice Center, who was quoted by environmental writer Hannah Waters on Twitter. 
Serreze commented to the Washington Post : "There are some areas in the Arctic Ocean that are as much as 25 degrees Fahrenheit above average now. It's pretty crazy." 
The alarming Arctic weather happens during the United Nations climate conference in Morocco , and as environmentalists and climate scientists in the U.S. grapple with the prospect of a president-elect who denies the existence of climate change. Things are indeed not looking good for the planet, experts warn .
ARTICLE

Source: Global Research 
US State Dept. Dismisses Question from RT, Says Won't Treat it Like Other Media 
RT has asked the US State Department for specific information concerning allegations that Russia is targeting hospitals in Syria. The response was a reiteration of those allegations and a refusal to treat RT in the same way as other media outlets. 
During Wednesday's State Department briefing, spokesman John Kirby accused Russia and the Syrian regime of the bombing of 'five hospitals and at least one mobile clinic in Syria.' RT's reporter Gayane Chichakyan asked Kirby to specify the details of the alleged incidents, including their location . 
Kirby said that he doesn't know the exact locations. 
'I'm not making those accusations, I'm telling you that we've seen reports from credible aid organizations,' Kirby said, refusing to clarify any details on the alleged attacks or even give the list of the 'many Syrian relief agencies' on which the State Department relied. 
He went on with his criticism of the reporter. 
'Here's a good question: Why don't you ask your Defense Ministry what they are doing? You work for Russia Today [RT], and so why shouldn't you ask your government the same kind of questions that you are asking me?' Kirby told RT on Wednesday. While Chichakyan pointed out she needed specific details so that RT could inquire about the allegations, Kirby refused to elaborate. 
The US official's response prompted Matt Lee, a correspondent from the AP news agency, to intervene. 
'Please be careful about saying 'your Defense Ministry' and things like that '“ she's a journalist, she's just like the rest of us are,' he pointed out. 
'From a state-owned outlet!' Kirby interrupted, adding, 'I'm not going to put Russia Today on the same level with the rest of you who are representing independent media outlets.' 
A State Department official later apologized to Chichakyan and emailed the reporter a detailed statement with the locations of the allegedly bombed hospitals originally sent by 'HEALTH CLUSTER TURKEY HUB / Health Cluster partners & NPM.' 
The statement said three hospitals were hit by airstrikes in Atarib, outside Aleppo, while two hospitals and a mobile clinic were hit in the Idlib province, resulting in several reported deaths and injuries and rendering the medical facilities out of service. 
It did not, however, lay blame on any party for the alleged strikes. 
Earlier on Tuesday, State Department spokesperson Elizabeth Trudeau accused Russia of striking 'five hospitals and one mobile clinic in Syria,' without specifying the source of information. Russia's Defense Ministry has strongly denied these allegations. 
'We do not know where Elizabeth Trudeau gets information about what is happening in Syria. Her repeating rumors about some 'five hospitals' and 'one mobile clinic' which were 'bombed' only confirms the fact that all the State Department's public rhetoric on the situation in Syria is based on blatant lies,' Defense Ministry spokesman Major General Igor Konashenkov said at a Tuesday briefing. 
As of Wednesday, Russia has not launched any airstrikes in Aleppo for 29 days, according to the Defense Ministry. Russian jets are currently flying sorties in Idlib and Homs provinces, striking only verified terrorist infrastructure , namely factories and arms depots. 'Unprofessional, borders on incompetence' 
Larry Johnson, a retired CIA and State Department official, criticized Kirby's behavior during the briefing, saying that his treatment of RT's correspondent was 'so unprofessional' that it 'borders on incompetence.' 
Johnson says that the proper way for Kirby, who 'relays the assentation of an unnamed group' to handle the situation, would be to calmly explain that he was not able to name the locations at the moment. 
While the accusations thrown at Russia stem from 'highly suspect' sources of information, they fit the narrative of Russia's demonization in the US media, Johnson said. 
'I have never seen this kind of hysteria against Russia in the United States, ever'¦ the extreme statements, the insults directed at President Putin and at Russia in general, the notion that the United States can conduct military operation at the Russian border at will,' Johnson said, adding that it should not come as a surprise that such rhetoric causes serious concerns in Russia. 
'It's emotional, it's not rational, it's nothing that can be explained by reason,' he added, voicing hopes that President-elect Donald Trump will review this approach and opt for cooperation with Russia instead. 
In contrast, constant rebel shelling in Syria causing mass civilians casualties continues to go largely unnoticed in Washington, Johnson argues, saying that it appears that for the US government 'the other side doesn't matter.' 
Speaking about Kirby's attempt to justify his conduct toward RT's correspondent by pointing out that RT is funded by the Russian state, Johnson regarded it as an odd argument, as the same is true for many major media outlets, for instance, BBC. At the same time, Johnson believes that US mainstream media is failing to do its job properly and seems to be 'in the pocket of this [Obama] administration.' 
'They are not even asking basic critical fundamental questions, they accepting assertions by the administration at face value, not challenging, not questioning,' he said. The original source of this article is RT News Leave a Reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Website Comment You may use these HTML tags and attributes: <a href="" title=""><abbr title=""><acronym title=""><b><blockquote cite=""><cite><code><del datetime=""><em><i><q cite=""><strike><strong> VISITORS
ARTICLE

geoengineeringwatch.org 
How can we wake people up to the ongoing global climate engineering assault when so many have been so completely conditioned to deny this most dire issue? Shocking and compelling visual images are the most effective approach. The one minute video below contains extremely eye opening time-lapse film footage of a massive atmospheric aerosol spraying assault. Up close footage of a jet aircraft spray dispersion is also captured. Visual proof is the most powerful key to raising awareness. 
Waking someone up to something they don't want to hear and don't want to know is an extremely difficult task, programmed denial is epidemic in our society. Simple straightforward visual tools are (in most cases) the best introduction method. In addition to the many compelling jet spraying videos that can be shared online, an effective informational flyer is almost always far more effective than a verbal dissertation for face to face introductions to the climate engineering/weather warfare issue. "A picture is worth a thousand words" as the saying goes. 2-Sided Flyers Click on the flyer below to download the high resolution PDF flyer file Instructions for downloading: Simply right-click on each image below and choose "Save Link As'¦" (or the equivalent), save it to your computer, find the file and open/print it. Side 1 Side 2 
Effective activism efforts require preparation, planning, and informational materials. In addition to full sized informational flyers, business card sized handouts can also be extremely useful, are very inexpensive, and easy to carry. Click on the business card below to download a high resolution PDF file that can be used for printing these effective informational cards Business Card '“ Side 1 Business Card '“ Side 2
