ARTICLE


Posted by Martin Walsh | Oct 26, 2016 | National Security New Allies Issue Bold New Warning To Obama 
The world no longer respects the United States. 
The leadership of Obama and Hillary Clinton has pushed us closer to World War III than ever before. 
Hillary and Obama dislike Putin because he only answers to strength and toughness, which is exactly why he likes Donald Trump. As a way to project strength, Obama and Hillary continue to blame Putin for cyber attacks and the WikiLeaks releases. Putin Will No Longer Allow Obama And Hillary To Disrespect Russia 
On October 21, Putin issued a global message that if Hillary Clinton and Barrack Obama continue to slander Russia, he was going to shoot down U.S. jets in the Middle East and begin to prepare for World War III. 
Two days after that, Putin ordered the Russian Defense Ministry to begin training and managing all local authorities, law enforcement, and state security as they are preparing for a nuclear war with the United States. 
And with the United States at the eve of war, Hillary Clinton continues to prance around calling Putin a 'thug puppet.' 
Putin has now made his third move following Clintons comments, and he has brought Russian ally China into the fight. China is now sending a plethora of resources to the Middle East to assist Russia is pushing Obama and the United States out. 
Now the country is openly declaring its support to the Syrian government, which has become the bone of contention between the United States and Russia. The United States wants the Syrian government out, while Russia wants it to stay. 
The People's Republic of China has announced that it will provide both military and humanitarian aid to the Syrian government, in order to help them fight the rebels trying to overthrow the regime. China Preparing For WWIII As Russia's Ally 
The Chinese have dispatched dozens of top military advisers to strengthen the Syrian army against Obama and the terrorist groups he continues to arm in order to overthrow Syrian President Bashar al-Assad. 
Chinese officials argue that they wanted to stay out of the Russia/U.S. conflict but Obama's actions have given them no choice. 
Chinese officials argue that in 2015, they chose not to join the efforts in the Middle East. They argued that they would give Obama the opportunity to defeat ISIS and restore democracy in the Middle East. 
Since then, Obama has allowed ISIS to eclipse 50,000 fighters, they operate in more than 32 countries, a refugee crisis has sent more than 10,000,000 refugees all over the world, and now Obama wants to overthrow the Syrian regime'ìwhich would leave no one left to stop ISIS from controlling more territory. 
Chinese officials argue, 'Obama has done this to himself, and he better not play with fire.' 
That is a direct threat from China to the United States. 
Things have gotten so bad under Obama that China and Russia are now joining forces to kick the United States out of the Middle East and are promising World War III if our leaders do not stop disgracing them publicly. 
Who can blame China for joining forces with Russia? If Obama's actions are leading us down a path to war with Russia and China, imagine how bad it will get it Hillary wins this election. 
A President Clinton worries Russia and China so badly that they are now preparing for nuclear war. Imagine how scared we should be as Americans. 

ARTICLE


Posted by Martin Walsh | Oct 28, 2016 | Breaking News Julian Assange Can No Longer Remain Quiet 
Barack Hussein Obama and Hillary Clinton are the founders of ISIS. We have proven that through emails and documents leaked from WikiLeaks, but liberal media outlets still refuse to cover it. 
After all, they are still more focused on what Trump said eleven years ago than what Hillary has actually done. 
Because of brave patriots like Julian Assange, we have been given more evidence that Hillary Clinton is more connected to ISIS than we originally believed. 
An email was leaked between Clinton and John Podesta indicating that: 'Western intelligence, US intelligence and sources in the region' to accuse Qatar and Saudi Arabia of 'providing clandestine financial and logistic support to ISIL [or ISIS] and other radical Sunni groups in the region.' Citing the need to 'use our diplomatic and more traditional intelligence assets,' said Hillary to Podesta while arguing the current developments in the Middle East were 'important to the U.S. for reasons that often differ from country to country.' Odd that Clinton argues Saudi Arabia and Qatar are helping fund ISIS when Hillary's largest donations come from those two countries. She Is Funded By Nations That Fund ISIS. Coincidence? 
In another correspondence from 2012, the Director of Foreign Policy at the Clinton Foundation, Amitabh Desai , set up a meeting with Bill Clinton for five minutes in exchange for a $1,000,000 'birthday check.' 
The email adds that the small but rich nation occupying the Qatar Peninsula would 'welcome [the Clinton Foundation's] suggestions for investments in Haiti 'î particularly on education and health.' Desai added that while Qatar had already 'allocated most of their $20 million '¶ [they were] happy to consider projects we suggest.' Bill Clinton gets $1M from Qatar for his birthday. FYI: It's legal and common practice in Qatar for husbands to beat and rape their wives. pic.twitter.com/oGM2Z9JrVl 
'î Martin Walsh (@mrwalsh8) October 13, 2016 
We now see two more examples of the Clinton's acting corrupt and being intertwined with nations that fund ISIS. 
For those that do not see where the dots connect, let's simplify how this all worked for Hillary. 
Hillary, as Secretary of State, would sell terrorist nations large weapons deals only after they gave her a very generous donation to her 'foundation.' These weapons, provided by Hillary and her State Department, then filtered down from Saudi Arabia, Qatar, Libya, and so on to create, supply, and bolster terrorist groups. 
That is exactly how ISIS was created. But instead of blowing them up with an air assault, Hillary and Obama decided to leave ISIS alone. Why? Because ISIS being in the Middle East allows the Obama/Clinton machine to make millions in personal profits from these nations in a repetitive cycle of selling weapons. 
They are choosing personal gain over eliminating a terrorist group. Let that sink in. Why else have they not arrested Hillary for all of these crimes? The FBI would arrest you in a heartbeat if you went to Facebook right now to praise Allah and ISIS. 
It also speaks volumes as to why they are trying so hard to silence Julian Assange. If Julian Assange is lying, why are they trying so hard to silence him? 
'î Martin Walsh (@mrwalsh8) October 23, 2016 
The media remains silent on all of this. This would be plastered all over the news for months if a President Trump was exposed for this. 
Ignorant politicians are not the problem. The problem is that ignorant people keep voting for them every election. This is the exact reason we desperately need change in this country, and it starts with Donald Trump. 
People like Julian Assange have given up their lives to expose corruption in government and allowing Hillary Clinton to win this election makes all of his sacrifices meaningless. 
He has offered us a chance to revolt against our tyrannical government. Chances likes this do not occur often, and if we do not seize the opportunity, we will suffer another four years of suppression from our corrupt leaders. 
Vote Trump, so that we can save America and he can pardon Julian Assange. 

ARTICLE


Posted by Matthew Bernstein | Nov 2, 2016 | American Strength Washington, Not Russia, Was Responsible! 
If you are been paying attention to what the Democrats are saying this election in terms of the hacks, they will tell you that it's all part of a plot that involves Donald Trump and Russia. Every top Democrat from Hillary Clinton to Barack Obama has argued that. 
They have been saying this ever since the first hacks on the Democratic National Committee happened back in July. And they have continued that claim with every hack that has happened since. Most recently they have been saying that the hacks on Clinton's campaign chairman, John Podesta, were part of yet another Russian hack. 
They have claimed that the hacks were done in order to influence the election in favor of Trump. Not everyone believes that lie. In fact there are people out there that think that the source of the hack has come from the United States government. 
One person that believes that is former British ambassador Craig Murray. He says that the source of the Podesta leaks was a Washington insider rather than someone from Russia. That would mean that Clinton's campaign is continuing to make a false claim on a foreign country! 
Murray told Sputnik, 'The source of these emails and leaks has nothing to do with Russia at all. I discovered what the source was when I attended the Sam Adam's whistleblower award in Washington. The source of these emails comes from within official circles in Washington DC. You should look to Washington not to Moscow.' 
That means that there is someone in Washington that is doing what he or she can to end the corruption of the Clintons. And yet her camp continues to claim that someone within Russia did it. Because that is a phenomenal way to create peace between two nations that have nuclear weapons. Someone In Washington Is Trying To Make Sure Hillary Doesn't Win 
But that wasn't the only thing that Murray went on to destroy. He went on to blast the Democrats other narrative that WikiLeaks is a source for Russia. He has said that such claims are 'designed to divert attention from the content of the material.' That means that they are hiding something if they are spending this much time trying to change the story. 
WikiLeaks also decided to mock the Clinton campaign's literal obsession with conspiracy theories with a tweet. They said, 'No link between Trump & Russia. No link between Assange & Russia. But Podesta & Clinton involved in selling 20% of US uranium to Russia.' 
This tweet was in reference to the fact that the FBI found nothing of substance that connected Donald Trump to Russia. They literally said that he had 'no clear link to Russia.' So once again, the Democrats attempt to say something like that is proven false. 
That also means that if the Democrats continue to blame Trump for this supposed Russian hack on their servers, then they are definitely hiding something. Because the FBI has cleared Trump of any connection to Russia and now there is a former British ambassador that has said that the hacks were coming from someone located in Washington. 
And there are other claims to back that up. There was a YouTube video that was released and has gone viral. In it, former Deputy Assistant Secretary of State Steve Pieczenik is talking about how there are people in the United States government are doing what they can to prevent Clinton from becoming president of the United States. 
He has said that members of the United States government, including the FBI and the CIA, have 'initiated a counter-coup through Julian Assange and WikiLeaks in order to stop Hillary Clinton from becoming president of the United States.' Pieczenik has also said that Assange has released 'emails that we gave to him in order to undermine Hillary and Bill Clinton.' 
That is two former high ranking members of their respective governments saying that the leak has come from Washington and not Russia like the Democrats want you to believe. But it goes even further than that. What Murray has said is true. They are doing whatever they can to have the people of the United States not look at those emails that were released. The Democrats Continue To Blame Russia For The Hacks. Because That Is A Great Foreign Policy Tactic 
That is because those emails have shown that the Democrats are engaging in some highly illegal activity. From all the leaks that we have seen, the Democrats have engaged in election rigging, pay-to-play operations, and cheating in several different debates. But of course when you try and confront them on this, they will attempt to say that Russia was behind it or that Trump was behind it. 
One of the excuses that they have also given has come from interim chairwoman of the Democratic National Committee Donna Brazile. During the second hack of the DNC back in July she attempted to scare people from reading the hacked emails by saying that they could possibly be infected with malware . Really? If you are making this big an attempt to stop people from reading them, then you are obviously hiding something! 
Of course Brazile was mentioned in those WikiLeaks emails as well. She was guilty of giving Clinton a question that was going to appear in a town hall. And when someone called her out on it, Brazile attempted to say that she was being ' persecuted .' It's not persecution if the answer is right in front of you! You were literally doing what you could to help out Clinton as much as possible. 
Share this article to show that there are people out there that believe that the hacks on the Democratic Party are coming from Washington itself rather than Russia. And considering that the Democrats continue to blame Russia for the hacks means that they are just damaging the foreign relationships even more. 
That is not something that the United States can afford anymore. We need people that are going to work on making our relationships with foreign governments better not worse. We also need people that are going to lead the people and not have to answer to more corruption charges. This is why we need Donald Trump. 

ARTICLE


Posted by Lindsay Hayward | Nov 4, 2016 | Breaking News Hillary Clinton says Trump is 'unstable' to be president and will start a nuclear war. 
Former president, Bill Clinton, allowed rangers to die in Somalia because he wouldn't send air support. There were actually 4,417 military deaths from 1993-1996 alone under the reign of Clinton. He obviously rubbed off on his wife for not having any respect at all for our brave men and women in uniform. How to turn $12,000 in retirement savings into $1.3 Millon over the next 5 years.... Read More 
Hillary also denied air support to soldiers in Benghazi who died horrific deaths while she was Secretary of State. 
Ambassador Chris Stevens was brutally beaten to death and murdered in Benghazi, his lifeless body dragged throughout streets of full-fledged violence, terrorists cheering and applauding. Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton and President Obama did nothing . 
Except for blame the tragedy on a video at the victims' military funeral ceremony as their coffins crossed in front of the stage, where Hillary Clinton stood. 
It was a terrorist attack- the attack came in two separate waves, including suicide bombers. WikiLeaks confirms that Hillary told her daughter that she knew it was not because of 'some video'. 
So, how else does Bill influence Hillary? Does he encourage her to lie because it's what he personally does? Or does lying simply come naturally for her? 
Over the past month, WikiLeaks has poured out incriminating evidence proving corruption within our liberal government. 
They've also released countless emails exposing the fraudulent activities tied to the Clinton Foundation, which is currently being investigated by the FBI. 
What other shocking lies have been revealed about the Clintons by WikiLeaks? 
'Instead of dark and divisive, it's hopeful and inclusive. It's big-hearted, not small-minded. It is about lifting people up, not putting them down,' Hillary Clinton stated in front of a 'massive' crowd in Ohio, unveiled to be photo-shopped to include more people than were actually present by duplicating the ones that were already there. Hillary Clinton crowd in Ohio, photoshopping to make her rally look bigger 
'It's a vision that says, and I believe this with all my heart, we are stronger together.' Concludes former Secretary of State. 
Words like 'hopeful,''big-hearted,' and 'lifting people up' are the same cliches she fed the people of Haiti. They bought what she was selling- Americans should not make this grave mistake. This will actually bring about the civil war she speaks of- instead of Haitian immigrants protesting in front of the Clinton Foundation office in NY, all Americans will be protesting in front of the White House in D.C.. 
Clinton warned that Trump could bring the nation to war 'because of his unstable character,' which is hilarious. 
According to Breitbart , 'Clinton specifically referred to the Civil War, suggesting that the country faced a similar threat of divisiveness from Donald Trump.' 
Breitbart continues, 'Clinton warned that it would only take a few minutes of instability from Trump launching the United States into a full scale nuclear war.' 
How can she make a leader of another nation so distrusting of her after she sells them 20% of American uranium, aiding them in building the very nuclear technology she claims they will use? Putin hates her and she's not even president! 
Hillary Clinton also said, 'Abraham Lincoln understood a house divided against itself cannot stand, and that was over the greatest of challenges 'ì the challenge posed by slavery 'ì and we fought a civil war.' 
Crooked Hillary Clinton doesn't reserve the right to quote the great Abraham Lincoln. She is the one with the track record of inflicting people to slavery backed by her actions in Haiti. 
She is full of hypocrisy, her lack of character is exhausting from what's been provided by WikiLeaks via her own email correspondence. But her own words are what incriminate her the most. 
'It was called Hillarycare before Obamacare!' Then she claims she never supported Obamacare. 
'Chelsea was jogging at the twin towers when they were hit.' No, Hillary, Chelsea was just at home, in bed, cited by you after people called you out for lying. Hillary Clinton is a pathological liar. 
She lies about everything, it's in her nature. Hillary Clinton is a sociopath that lies for no apparent reason. 
Speaking of lies, WikiLeaks also proved that the women suddenly accusing Donald Trump of sexual misconduct were paid by the Clintons. 
It doesn't take the support of deleted emails to show that women suddenly coming forward (against the only other candidate) with just weeks left until a huge election are obviously meant to shift attention away from the real issues of Hillary's email server. 
Trump has overcome lies and scandals perpetrated by Hillary Clinton, spewed by the mainstream media as well as our very own president and guess what? He has kept his cool. Donald J. Trump, American strength and integrity. 
Donald Trump has overcome adversity throughout this presidential campaign and shown incredible strength in his character. He's had to humbly address obvious lies and falsely organized scandals, media slander, biased-coverage, rape-allegations by women he met once and the list just keeps going. 
Not once did President Donald Trump, I mean, republican presidential candidate, Donald Trump, get enraged and act like a looney. With everything thrown at him over the past few weeks, he has handled these vicious attacks swimmingly well. 
'Imagine him in the Oval Office facing a real crisis,' she told her supporters. 'Imagine him plunging us into a war because somebody got under his very thin skin.' 
We need a strong leader, one that is going to bring about change. We need someone who can remain calm when dealing with a crisis, not act petty or prioritize covering up corruption to saving lives. America needs Donald Trump as president. 
Hillary Clinton encourages our own people to fight with one another instead of come together. Vote for Donald Trump, let's truly stand together as one, against the corruption Americans currently face. 
It's time American citizens stopped sitting back, accepting another apology from Hillary Clinton for lying. We need to break up with her, not appoint her as leader of our nation. 
Let's truly make America great again. 

ARTICLE


Posted by Lindsay Hayward | Nov 2, 2016 | Liberal Corruption Assange exposes John Podesta and Hillary Clinton 
From a young age, Americans learn what 'basic behavior' is accepted in modern society. Part of that learning curve teaches children to never lie. These children grow up into successful, trustworthy adults, right? How To Make An Organic Super Food For Survial At Home - Watch Video Click Here 
Lawyers, doctors, government officials, and so on are all supposed to be upstanding citizens. They are supposed to represent truth and freedom for our nation. 
Where there is great responsibility, there is also opportunity to abuse this power. Hillary Clinton's appointed chairman, John Podesta, is familiar with this all too well. 
Truth seeker and founder of WikiLeaks, Julian Assange, has released Hillary Clintons deleted emails from her private server to make Americans aware of what's going on. 
In a world where it's difficult to tell what's right and what's wrong anymore, its natural to feel fear. However, 'fear' is what people like Hillary Clinton thrive on. 
The FBI is revisiting the initial Clinton email scandal and has provided newly declassified information about the Clinton Foundation via the FBI Vault . 
In an email sent to Cheryl Mills from John Podesta the evening of March 2, 2015, hours after the New York Times reported that Clinton possibly violated federal record requirements by using the private server, a shocking revelation has been uncovered. 
According to the latest batch of Podesta's hacked emails, Podesta writes, 'Not to sound like Lanny, but we are going to have to dump all those emails so better to do so sooner than later.' 
Mills responded, 'Think you just got your new nick name.' 
The 'Lanny' reference is to lawyer Lanny Davis, who served as special counsel to former President, Bill Clinton. Lawyers, unfortunately, are not always the most honest individuals and have been known to cover up for their guilty clients. Hillary Clinton is one of these lawyers. 
Cheryl Mills is the same woman who oversaw the controversial construction of a South Korean sweat shop being built in Haiti. A week after this email exchange took place, Hillary Clinton announced that she would love nothing more than to share her emails with the general public, claiming she had nothing to hide. At least, she didn't think she did. 
After being subpoenaed by federal court, Hillary Clinton acid-washed her private server, deleting thousands of emails. She denied, under oath, that classified information was ever on the server or sent/discussed via her private email address. Do you think Hillary Clinton ever gets tired of lying, each lie covering up the next? 
Acid-washing a server costs a pretty penny. If she truly had nothing to hide, why did she completely bleach her server free of everything? 
Thanks to leaked emails from WikiLeaks, it has been proven that Hillary lied when she said no classified information had ever been involved with her private server- Not only was there classified information stored and talked about, but hackers were able to intercept the data and correspondence. 
New York Post comments, 'Democrats on the House Oversight Committee point to Clinton tweeting on March 4, 2015, calling on the State Department to release her 55,000 pages of work files.' 
'I want the public to see my email,' Hillary wrote two days after the Podesta message. 
At the time, the real Lanny Davis was in support of Clinton addressing her emails. 
Another WikiLeaks email displays members of the Clinton Organization getting frustrated with Davis' public voicing. 
'We gotta zap Lanny out of our universe,' campaign manager Robby Mook wrote Podesta March 8, 2015. 'Can't believe he committed her to a private review of her hard drive on TV.' 
Good thing for Lanny Davis, 'zap' doesn't equate to 'wet-work.' 
Although Davis may have been rash to announce and support Hillary Clinton's innocence, the DNC had major issues with it. 
Davis told Fox News host Chris Wallace, during a televised interview, about Hillary Clinton's private email server- 'there can be a neutral party to review all these records 'ì nothing unlawful.' 
Apparently, Davis wasn't given the memo by Hillary Clinton's team regarding her bleached server and it's true contents. 
'I think it is a reasonable idea if anybody has any doubts that there's a delete on a hard drive- to have an independent go inspect her private e-mail?' Davis added. 
Hillary Clinton is known for lying, her own chairman doesn't even believe her when she claims she 'forgets' things. Even Podesta Knows She Is A Liar 
Hillary Clinton wouldn't know honesty if it slapped her in the face. She is a psychopathic liar that thirsts for ways to obscenely scam on a global spectrum. 
She calls out Donald Trump for 'using the system' but in no way has he abused the system in the grand scale that the Clintons have. He's a business man, he was simply following the laws that government had implemented. 
Floods of emails and documents are being leaked every day by Anonymous, WikiLeaks and the FBI. These are desperate cries for help mostly from whistle blowers who have been intimately involved with the government, trying to warn American citizens of certain madness and despair that awaits us if Hillary Clinton wins presidency. 
Donald J. Trump genuinely cares for the American people. He is a natural leader, he enjoys helping people because he believes in bettering America, not policies that encourage 'pay for play'. 
Hillary Clintons transparency is starting to become blurred. Shatter the busted deception and lock everyone involved with the Clinton scandals in prison. 
Donald Trump recognizes the need for America to rebuild, which starts with depleting government corruption and replacing government officials. This is something Hillary could never accomplish. Hillary Clinton would just hire her friends and abuse her position of power, as she's done for nearly four decades. 
John Podesta suggested that Hillary Clinton delete her emails- he must believe she is capable of worse than sharing classified information and as president of the United States, who would stop her from committing even more crime? She would put each and every one of our lives on the line and not think twice. 
John Podesta doesn't even believe in her, why should America? 

ARTICLE


Posted by Matthew Bernstein | Nov 10, 2016 | Liberal Corruption Thanks To The Protestors, He's Thinking Of Declaring Martial Law 
In every competition out there, there will be a winner and a loser. It's just the way that competitions work. Literally everywhere you go there are competitions going on and there are always winners and losers. How To Make An Organic Super Food For Survial At Home - Watch Video Click Here 
When we are children, we are always taught to be gracious losers. Yes sometimes losing a tough competition hurts, but if you accept it graciously, people will always praise your character. The problem with today's young generation is that they have forgotten how to lose graciously. 
Since the announcement that Donald Trump has won the presidential election, liberals have been protesting this victory. They're literally ignoring everything that has been taught to them since we were children. It doesn't matter if you don't like the result; Trump won the election and that is a fact. 
But these protests continue and there is one person that seems to be the mastermind behind it. That would be the ultra liberal billionaire George Soros. He was also responsible for financing some of the protest groups that was designed to have violence at the Trump rallies. George Soros Has A Plan In Place 
During the election season, it was discovered that Soros was behind some of the protestor's actions. He was paying them to create a scene and cause violence that would have the media talking about the Trump rallies. Now this shouldn't have been happening in the first place but it was. 
And now that Trump has been elected president of the United States, there are people that are out on the streets protesting his victory. It's a little ironic considering that liberals were the ones that were complaining about how Trump wouldn't accept the election results if fraud was detected. 
Here is the issue though. There are people out on the streets that are protesting a presidential election. These are the same people that were the ones inciting violence at the Trump rallies. And those people were paid by Soros to start, so it's likely that he is the one that is paying them to start civil unrest now. 
And there is a specific reason that Soros wants to have violence at the protests. That would mean that President Obama would have to declare Martial Law. This is how it works. It's literally a domino effect. There are people out protesting the election results. Obama Might End Up Declaring Martial Law 
But when they start having mass amounts of violence at the protests then the entire country is going to start noticing. If that happens then there is going to be pressure on the president to solve it. President Obama would then declare Martial Law. 
Martial Law is when the president has to suspend transfer of power due to the fact that there is a 'National Emergency.' Therefore if that would happen then Trump wouldn't be able to see the White House because Obama would still be the president of the United States. There is a good chance that this has been the back up plan for some liberals all along. 
And there is proof out there that the protests are staged. There are protests going on all over the United States and in one part of the nation, Austin, Texas, they found the buses that were used to bring the people in. Again these are planned in order to create civil unrest. They Literally Found The Busses The Protestors Used 
And there is more proof. The signs that the people brought to the protests were all created and printed by groups related to the Soros cause. You can't just print thousands of signs on a whim. These events have to be planned and thought out. And that is exactly what was happening. 
Finally the last bit of proof was that the Democrats and Soros have paid people to protest and create a disturbance at Trump events before. Since they have done it in the past, they are definitely going to do it now. And the Democrats are willing to pay them to create this disturbance. The Signs Were Created By Soros Groups 
But the scariest part about all this is the fact that people are actually volunteering to protest the election just because Trump won. Again we are taught from a young age to accept defeat with graciousness. Right now they are acting like a bunch of spoiled kids because they didn't get their way. 
And now there is a possibility that Obama is going to declare Martial Law because of these protestors. They couldn't accept the fact that the country spoke and they wanted Trump in charge. But now they are actively interfering with a Democratic election because they want to complain about the choice. 
Again this is all most likely due to Soros. And he has had a hand in it before. He wants to see a globalized country and that means that he will do whatever he can to make it happen. That includes ordering an attack on Trump Tower in Chicago . That was where some of the protests in the country were happening. 
But he also had a hand in trying to fix the election. In 16 States they were using voting machines that were being produced by Soros controlled companies . Of course that meant that he was going to do what he could to rig the election. It most likely wouldn't have mattered if you voted Trump; the machines were going to submit for Clinton. 
Share this article to show people that Soros has a plan for all of these protests. He wants to make sure that they create enough of a civil disturbance that Obama will declare Martial Law and stop the transfer of power from him to Trump. That way the globalist agenda could still happen. 
However the best option is to not engage with the people that are out there. It's like handling a two-year-old child that is throwing a temper tantrum. If you just ignore them they will settle down. Therefore just ignore the protestors and don't engage with them. 

ARTICLE


Posted by Martin Walsh | Nov 11, 2016 | Liberal Corruption Trump Delivering His FIRST Order 
This feeling of a President Trump is a breathe of fresh air. You can feel it in your communities all across the country and in your own life. You can feel yourself imagining things that you want to accomplish because Trump has already instilled a cultural change that breeds toughness and hard work. How To Make An Organic Super Food For Survial At Home - Watch Video Click Here 
Democrats and the lying media slammed Donald Trump for months when he argued that he may not accept the results of the election. Now that he has won, ironically, it has been the media and Hillary's supporters that are refusing to accept the results of the election. 
In wake of Donald Trump winning the election in a landslide, thousands of whiny, entitled liberals are flooding the streets with their violence and tears because they just cannot deal with a President that has said mean things. Your burning and disrespect of the flag is why Trump won, kids #TrumpProtestors 
'î Katie Pavlich (@KatiePavlich) November 10, 2016 
These ungrateful, entitled crybabies are burning the American flag, which is something that should never be tolerated. 
In September of 2015, Donald Trump was asked about his stance on the legality of burning our flag. 
'Personally, I don't think it should be legal,' the Republican presidential front-runner told the Daily Caller last year. Yet, now we have more examples than we need of this treason. Notice Hillary supporters burning the American flag. Trump supporters don't burn American flags. Vote Trump! pic.twitter.com/IdzCghzia1 
'î Caesar Ramirez (@caesar_ramirez) June 4, 2016 
Or this act of treason'¶ Students burn American flags at AU in protest of Donald Trump's presidential win. Video courtesy of Meh. https://t.co/u4y2xX2sxe #fox5dc pic.twitter.com/nkFUnY2pk8 
'î FOX 5 DC (@fox5dc) November 9, 2016 
The United States Supreme Court has ruled that flag burning is constitutionally protected freedom of speech. Now that Donald Trump will be appointing several Conservative Judges to serve on the Court, we can expect that ruling to change in the coming year or so. 
On top of Trump's comments a year ago, senior members in his administration have indicated President Trump has now made this issue one of this top priorities. Sources argue that soon after President Trump assembles his cabinet and has a Supreme Court Judge nominated, they will move this issue forward immediately to prosecute anyone caught burning the American flag. 
Trump officials argue, 'you have the right to peacefully protest and voice your opinion. You do not have the right to burn our Nation's strongest symbol.' 
Liberals just cannot fathom why burning the American flag is bad. They cannot see beyond their own entitlement that millions of brave men and women have given their lives to fight for everything our flag represents. The only bigots I see are the ones burning American flags, attacking Trump supporters, and destroying cities. 
'î Martin Walsh (@mrwalsh8) November 10, 2016 
President Trump has indicated that he is more than willing to work with everyone in this great Nation so that we can all come together. If you still choose to incite violence, you will be charged with a crime and sent to jail. 
If you are threatening to leave this country, go ahead and leave. We no longer have time to console people who got their feelings hurt or need a nap. We are about to make this country great again by getting people back to work. We are going to instill the idea of being tough and working hard to achieve your goals instead of holding your hand out as if you are entitled to something. 
It's truly amazing that we finally have a President that will love and respect our military. The American flag is bigger than any of us. It represent decades of sacrifice, bravery, and patriotism. Millions of men and women gave their life so that scumbag liberals have the freedom to cry in the streets and throw temper tantrums when their candidate doesn't win the election. 
Under President Trump, if you are caught burning our flag, you will be charged with a crime. We are going to make America great again. Either you are with us, or you can leave. 

ARTICLE


Posted by Damon Morgan | Nov 10, 2016 | National Security Former Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad Got the Better of Obama in Nuclear Talks 
On September 28, 2015, Argentinean President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner dropped a bombshell on the floor of the UN General Assembly 70th session. Until now, her story has been swept under the rug by a news media which has always been deferential to President Obama. 
Ms. Kirchner told the story of how Argentina was visited by the White House in November 2010, with a secretive and unusual request. A full English translation of her speech is available here. 
During the time the event took place, Obama had just faced a stinging rebuke in midterm elections which saw a Republican takeover of the House, led by the insurgent Tea Party. The results of that election were a direct threat to Obama's mandate. Wikipedia describes the incredible upset this way: 
Republicans regained control of the chamber they had lost in the 2006 midterm elections, picking up a net total of 63 seats and erasing the gains Democrats made in 2006 and 2008. Although the sitting U.S. President's party usually loses seats in a midterm election, the 2010 election resulted in the highest loss of a party in a House midterm election since 1938, and the largest House swing since 1948. This also happened to be the Republicans' largest gain in House seats since 1938. 
Under the shadow of this election, Obama became concerned about the possibility of being a one-term president and leaving a damaged legacy. He had not been able to accomplish any notable achievements as president, and the economy was still reeling from the aftershocks of the 2008 real estate and stock market crashes. Obama Was Desperate for a Deal with Iran 
Obama had been negotiating with Iran regarding their nuclear ambitions, and the world was watching. But negotiations had bogged down, with then Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad insisting on the need for nuclear fuel as part of the deal. 
According to Kirchner, the Obama White House intended to sidestep congressional approval and media scrutiny by quietly hatching a scheme where third party nations would supply the fuel. 
She told the UN Assembly that Argentina was approached by a representative of Obama's White House, Gary Samore, who at the time served as the top adviser on nuclear issues. 
'Gary Samore had explained to our Minister of Foreign Affairs, H√©ctor Timerman, that negotiations were underway for the Islamic Republic of Iran to cease with its uranium enrichment activities or to do it to a lesser extent but Iran claimed that it needed to enrich this Tehran nuclear reactor and this was hindering negotiations. They came to ask us, Argentines, to provide the Islamic Republic of Iran with nuclear fuel.' said Kirchner. 
She went on to explain that Mr. Samore presented the following options: 
The simplest and quickest one was for Argentina to provide the new nuclear fuel, as the original fuel had been designed by Argentina, who owned the intellectual property rights. 
Another alternative was for Argentina to authorize Russia to supply the uranium, following the Argentine design. 
The last alternative was for the United States or some other country with nuclear capacity to replace the operating core of the nuclear reactor with a new one using other non-Argentine fuel. 
President Kirchner was willing to help, but the issue was politically tricky. Argentina had been the original producer of the nuclear fuel used in the Tehran reactor, and held intellectual property claims to the material. However, there was ongoing tension between Iran and Argentina due to a terrorist bombing in 1994. 
The AMIA bombing was an attack on the Asociaci√≥n Mutual Israelita Argentina (AMIA; Argentine Israelite Mutual Association) building. It occurred in Buenos Aires on 18 July 1994, killing 85 people and injuring hundreds. It was Argentina's deadliest bombing ever. The Bombing of the AMIA Building was the Deadliest in Argentina's History 
After a long series of incompetent and corrupt investigations into the incident, in 2005 Argentine prosecutors Alberto Nisman and Marcelo Mart√≠nez Burgos formally accused the government of Iran of directing the bombing, and the Hezbollah militia of carrying it out. According to the prosecution's claims in 2006, Argentina had been targeted by Iran after Buenos Aires' decision to suspend a nuclear technology transfer contract to Tehran 
Argentina's justice, Israel, and the United States suspected in 2005 that Hezbollah was behind the attack, with backing from Iran. Hezbollah has denied responsibility. The Iranian government maintains its innocence, condemning the terrorist attack and calling for urgent punishment of those responsible. 
After many years spent on the case, Special Prosecutor Alberto Nisman was found dead in his home, on January 18, 2015. His body was discovered just six hours before he was due to explain his findings to congress. The official cause of death was a single self-inflicted gunshot wound to the head, but there is a haze of suspicion surrounding the case. Argentinians March in Protest of the Lack of Justice for the AMIA Bombing 
To this day the bombing case remains unresolved, and Iran has refused to extradite any of the suspects involved. 
President Kirchner continued with her address to the UN, explaining that she attempted to follow standard protocol and receive the White House request in writing: 
You know that Argentina is a member of the select club of nuclear energy producing countries but that we occupy, nonetheless, a leading position in the field of non-proliferation. This means that non-nuclear proliferation is also a matter of governmental interest to us as well. 
I said as much to my Minister of Foreign Affairs who in turn relayed this to the White House's envoy, Gary Samore that we would accept to provide the fuel because it was in the hands of Argentina since 1987 and we also had the technique to produce it in exchange, obviously, for such request to be submitted in writing and signed. This message was conveyed and I believe that was the last time, after that communication, that our Minister of Foreign Affairs saw Gary Samore. 
So, after her demand that the request for nuclear fuel be provided on the official record, the U.S. representative vanished and the issue was never mentioned to Kirchner again. This shows that it was intended to be a clandestine deal from the beginning, hidden from the American people. Former Iranian President Ahmadinejad Tours Nuclear Processing Facility 
Was Obama hoping to emerge as a hero after successfully negotiating a deal with Iran? If so, that effort fell flat. Recent investigations have revealed that he attempted another scheme in 2016 which involved making a cash down payment to Iran of more than a billion dollars, in order to secure the release of American hostages and to advance nuclear talks. 
When it comes to an issue as important as nuclear proliferation in radical Islamist nations, we need a president who will engage the issue with transparency, and in the interest of the American people and world community. President Trump will likely succeed where Obama has failed. 

ARTICLE


Posted by Matthew Bernstein | Nov 9, 2016 | American Strength People Thought It Would Be A Good Idea To Deface A Memorial Dedicated To Military Veterans 
Despite all the talk of the election that has been discussed there is another significant event and pseudo-holiday coming up in two days. That would be Veteran's Day. It's a holiday that, as stated, is designed to make sure that we can remember our veterans from all military encounters. 
It's something that should be taken very seriously, considering the fact that these veterans gave the ultimate price to make sure that YOU have the freedoms that you do now. And some people in the United States do, considering that there is memorials set up to honor these veterans. 
Except not everyone thinks that these memorials should be taken seriously. In fact, there are some people out there that don't respect the memorials and everything that they stand for. They think it's a good idea to DISRESPECT the memorials that are out there. 
The most recent example comes from someone who is against the Dakota Access Pipeline. They were so against it that they thought the best course of action would be to vandalize a memorial that was set specifically for World War II veterans in Washington. That came from the National Park Service on Tuesday. People Thought It Would Be A Good Idea To Vandalize A World War II Memorial 
A spokesman by the name of Mike Litterst said that someone spray-painted the North Dakota section of the memorial. A photo that was provided by the park service showed the phrase '#NoDAPL' was written in paint. Yes they thought the best way to protest this would be to vandalize a memorial designed to honor military service members. 
That is honestly the most disgusting thing that could have EVER happened. There shouldn't EVER be a reason that someone should vandalize a MILITARY memorial just to get their point across. These people put their lives ON THE LINE to make sure that you have the right to protest like you are doing! 
The person that vandalized this memorial was protesting the Dakota Access Pipeline. The Standing Rock Sioux tribe has been fighting along with other tribes and environmental groups in an effort to stop the completion of the nearly $4 billion pipeline. They claimed that it was going to threaten the water supply for millions of people. 
The supporters of the pipeline have said that it is a safer way to move oil rather than trucks and trains. Considering that oil is very flammable and accidents can happen, I would rather see something be moved safely. But no matter what side you are on, vandalizing a memorial designed for military veterans is something that SHOULDN'T happen! 
As of right now, the United States Park Police are investigating the vandalism. But there is good news about this whole thing. The vandal had used paint to make his mark. And a paint stripper has been used to remove much of the damage that had been done. 
The pipeline protests have been going on for a long time. But President Obama has said that the federal government was looking for ways to 'reroute' parts of the pipeline. It sounds like another attempt to appease people on the president's behalf. 
But the bottom line is that these people thought it was a good idea to make their message heard by spray painting a VETERANS MEMORIAL! That is the ultimate sign of disrespect! And it makes it worse when you factor in that Veteran's Day is literally two days away. It's like they don't care about the fact that these veterans made the ultimate sacrifice so they could pull those actions. These Men Risk Their Lives So That Families Across The USA Can Enjoy Freedom 
Every American should honor the fact that these veterans have given everything that they possibly could to make sure that the freedoms of the United States stay that way. And every memorial that is destroyed and vandalized is just another reminder that not everyone believes that military veterans should be thanked. 
Those people are some of the worst Americans on the planet. If you want to protest something, then fine, but there is NO EXCUSE for anyone to vandalize a memorial designed to honor those that served. And the simple fact that someone thought it was a good idea is sickening. 
There are several ways to make your point but this is among one of the absolute worst out there. And what is even worse is that there are people that are going to think that it was a good idea. 
Sadly this isn't the first time that this has happened. There were people that thought it was a good idea to vandalize a September 11, 2001 memorial . And the worst part of that was they actually did it. In a college town in California people thought it was a good idea to destroy something that means a lot to some people here in the country. 
That wasn't the only time that this has happened. Just a couple weeks ago there was another report that someone thought it would be a good idea to destroy a veterans memorial . Yes there are people here in the United States that want to make sure that military people don't get the respect that they deserve. It's like these people have just lost all respect for those that have given everything and more for the safety of the country. 
Share this article to make sure that we can find the person, or people, that is responsible for destroying a monument that is dedicated to our military veterans. What makes it worse is that it is so close to Veteran's Day. The pure timing of this entire action is something that should make every red-blooded patriot in the country angry. 
We need your help to make sure that the people that are responsible for this action are caught and brought to justice. This type of activity is simply unacceptable. But with your help we can find the protestors that are responsible and make sure they pay for their crimes. 

ARTICLE


Posted by Elliot Bougis | Nov 16, 2016 | Breaking News Just when you thought it was safe to go back on the Internet'¶ 
I have been reporting for weeks now about the D.C.-based 'pizza pedophilia' ring that is being exposed based on thousands of 'Podesta emails' released by Wikileaks in the past month or two. 
As of last week, the case became even more explosive. 
'î Thomas Bernpaine (@ThomasBernpaine) November 11, 2016 
Now, don't get nervous because it looks like computer mumbo-jumbo. You only need to remember two things. 
1 'ìEvery picture file is actually a code/pattern of numbers that our computers 'translate' into images on the screen. 
2 'ì Some 'extra' information has been discovered in at least one picture code/pattern from a Wikileaks email. 
I reported weeks ago about this 'pedo ring' something called 'photo steganography,' which is just the fancy term for the two points I explained just now. 
The image (.jpg) of the two girls eating pizza was discovered as an attachment in the Podesta emails by Wikileaks. Data can be hidden in a .jpg file. In that image, a zipped directory (PK) was hidden inside. That doesn't happen by accident. The directory likely contains illegal imagery and/or discussion. It is highly suggestive of illegal activity connected to child pornography, child exploitation, and child abuse. 
Some have objected that the pizza.jpg file size is simply too small to contain any useful data (like an image, a link, a message, etc.), but the point is this: all the file would have to 'smuggle' is a short password to open a secret website or .zip file. The hidden data could literally just be a few bits of information but it could open up thousands of gigabytes of data in the right website or compressed file. That's how the users would access the dirty pictures, videos, messages, etc. 
So, from a technical angle, this method is very possible, and it makes sense of why the Podesta emails include so many strange photo attachments. Are all those attachments little 'Trojan ponies' for sharing images, videos, passwords, payment resources, etc.? 
WATCH (Language/NSFW Warning): 'Why do we even have an FBI? Is the FBI just covering for these people?' 
Let me be honest: 
I have researched corruption cases like this for many years, whether in current events or from historical records. So, I believe I have a somewhat thick skin when it comes to facing human sinfulness and evil like this. 
Last Friday night, however, I won't lie: I totally lost it. 
All of a sudden, too many lightbulbs went off at once, too many connections hit me at once, too many implications dawned on me at once'ìand I just went into a kind of panic attack about how massive this whole cartel is, how well protected it is, and how truly destructive it is in real children's lives. 
If you want to get an idea of what set me off, let me show you three images. 
BUT I WARN YOU: When you understand the context, these images are EXTREMELY DISTURBING. 
First, here is a photo of Tony Podesta's favorite work of art in his home: 
Tony Podesta is a big fan of 'The Arch of Hysteria' 
Next, here is an ad from Ping Pong Pizza, a restaurant in D.C. that has numerous, very disturbing connections to pedophilia and D.C. elites like the Podestas. Another 'arch of hysteria'? 
Next we come to a police photo from the Jeffrey Dahmer case. 
VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED: 
I wonder if Tony Podesta would also like this 'arch of hysteria''¶ 
Finally, here is the logo for Comet Pizza, another D.C. restaurant with deep connections to Ping Pong Pizza and the Podestas. Can you see now why I 'lost my [bleep]' last Friday? 
Worse, in terms of how protected this satanic ring of perverts is, I recently reported that even the DOJ is compromised . 
A man named Arun Rao has shown a disturbing interest in some sexually 'creepy' images and expressions that are connected to the Podestas and this pedo ring. The problem is that Rao is an Assistant U.S. Attorney in the DOJ. 
Specifically, Rao is Supervisor of the Southern ('Greenbelt') Division office for the DOJ's District of Maryland in Chevy Chase, Maryland. This means that Rao's district is virtually on top of the area in D.C. where Besta Pizza operates. In addition, Besta Pizza and two other associated properties are directly over abandoned underground tunnels, many of which could easily connect to Chevy Chase. 
On top of his social and geographical proximity to Alefantis, Rao's DOJ division handles cases that seem tailor-made for busting'îor covering up'îthe dark circles that sex traffickers hide in: federal racketeering, conspiracy, national and international fraud and corruption, immigration violations, counterfeiting, and 'îwait for it'îchild pornography . 
In closing I will leave you with three 'infographics.' 
They are very complicated and 'dense' so I don't expect everyone to examine them. 
However, even if you don't look into the details yourself, I want you to be aware of how vast this whole network of evil is, and, therefore, of how many hands and prayers we need on deck to expose it and bring it down. 
(NOTE: You don't have to download these images to view them. You can just right-click open them in a separate internet browser tab, and click '+' to zoom in.) 
'î Thomas Bernpaine (@ThomasBernpaine) November 11, 2016 
First, a diagram of 'key players' in the pizza restaurant side of the pedo ring. You can see the diagram for yourself here . 
Second, a much larger diagram of how this pizza-pedo ring connects to international kidnapping (esp. the Madeleine McCann case) and other DNC allies like 'spirit cooker' Marina Abramovic. 
Finally, a truly massive diagram of connections that implicate nations and leaders around the world, and put the sex trafficking cartel in the context of a global network of drug dealers, slave traders, murderers, and media elites. 
This is an ongoing investigation so stay tuned for more. Share this article to inform and encourage your friends and family! 

ARTICLE


Posted by Matthew Bernstein | Nov 17, 2016 | American Strength These Protesters Are Going To Be Charged 
The United States is one of the best places to live. You have rights that are given to you from the Constitution, you have the freedom to do what you want (within reason of course), and you have the ability to live in one of the strongest nations in the world. 
At least it is supposed to be like that. Unfortunately there are people called liberals that want to completely destroy everything that the Constitution gives you. They want to take away your free speech because it might offend them. They want to take away your ability to have a gun because they don't like it. And finally they want to make the country into a globalist area. 
Despite the fact that the United States was founded with the Constitution being the document that gives people power, the liberals have decided that they don't like that anymore. They are literally doing what they can to destroy any evidence of that. These Two Have Proven That They Don't Follow The Constitution 
The most prominent example would be the fact that after the election was held, in which Donald Trump was the winner, entitled liberals were so angry that they decided they would go out and protest the results. Yes they were protesting the results of a FAIR election, despite the fact that there was still three million illegal votes cast. 
And what do the Democratic leaders have to say about all of this? They have kept their mouths shut on the entire thing. Despite all summer long of having the liberals and their friends in the media saying that Trump needs to talk to his supporters for their 'damages' caused, they haven't done that either. 
But it isn't just the fact that the Democratic leaders are staying silent on the whole issue. There have been numerous reports that these protesters are actually getting paid by George Soros in order to create enough of a disturbance that something would get done. What the liberals want to do is stop the transfer of power. 
That way Trump wouldn't be the person in charge of the entire country. It would still be underneath President Obama. But that is what the liberals want; instead there is a new bill that is coming out that is sure to make liberals everywhere cry. 
A Republican lawmaker has just come up with the perfect solution to make sure that these protesters stop acting like entitled liberals. The bill in question would allow authorities to charge protesters with committing 'economic terrorism.' Washington state Senator Doug Ericksen is the one that is responsible for coming up with the bill. 
'I respect the right to protest, but when it endangers people's lives and property, it goes too far. Fear, intimidation, and vandalism are not a legitimate form of political expression. Those who employ it must be called to account. We are not just going after the people who commit these acts of terrorism. We are going after the people who fund them. Wealthy donors should not feel safe in disrupting middle-class jobs.' People Who Protest Like This Are Going To Get A Rude Wake Up Call 
The proposed bill, which is going to pass through considering that the Republicans control the House, the Senate, and the Presidency, would make protesting a class C felony if they create any sort of 'economic disruption' or 'jeopardize human life and property.' 
It would also mean that people that have been discovered to be in violation of this would face up to five years in prison, or a $10,000 fine, or both. Not only that, but any group that organizes a protest that is considered disruptive would also be charged with 'economic terrorism.' 
That means that these precious snowflakes that think they can get away with causing damage because they're upset would have to think twice. But the saddest part about this whole thing is the fact that it was forced to be created. That was because the liberals that were protesting have a difficult time being peaceful. 
They honestly think that the best way to go about this whole thing is to make sure that they cause as much damage and destruction as possible. And their defense for it is to say that they have a right to protest. The last time I checked, protesting didn't involve lighting trashcans on fire or smashing car windshields. That isn't a protest; that's a full-blown riot! 
And this is what we have been seeing from the numerous protests that have been going on since the election. There are people doing whatever they can to cause as much damage and destruction as possible. And these people need to learn that they can't get away with this any longer. 
Of course the other sad part is that a vast majority of these protesters didn't even vote in the election. They had a prime opportunity to make sure that their voices were heard and they completely ignored that. And now they decided that they want to have their voice heard by causing as much damage as possible . 
But that wasn't the worst thing that they did. There was a report on CNN that had one of the protesters promising actual DEATH just to make sure that they got what they wanted. Yes these people are so crazy that they want to have people killed just to make sure that they get what they want. It's people like this that had the bill created in the first place. 
Share this article with your friends and family to show that people that are going to be protesting and causing damage and mayhem where they go are about to get a rude wake up call. A bill is going to be passed, thanks to an all Republican Congress, which is going to make sure that these protesters face justice for causing destruction. 
This is just a way to ensure that we are stronger as a country under Trump. The past eight years have taught children that it is okay to be whiny and complain about everything. That time has past. We no longer have to accept the Band-Aid generation that was seen underneath Obama. This is just the first step into making this country stronger and it is going to continue. We WILL Make America Great Again! 

ARTICLE

Posted by Matthew Bernstein | Nov 18, 2016 | American Strength He Wasn't Happy At The Latest Bill That Was Passed 
As we all know the country has spoken and Donald Trump is set to be the 45 th president of the United States. He won the election fair and square, despite what the whiny liberals have to say about it. Of course that means that with his victory, President Obama is on his way out. 
We are literally two months away from having President Obama leave the White House. That is something that should be applauded, considering the destruction that he has caused the country over the past eight years. But there was a fear that some Republicans had regarding the time leftover in office. 
Considering the fact that Obama is leaving, there were fears that he was going to pass some legislation that would affect the country and be nearly impossible for Trump to repeal. These were going to be called the 'Midnight Rules' and it was going to ensure that Trump was going to have some issues before tackling the issues he wanted to tackle the most. 
Except that fear is NO MORE. The House of Representatives passed legislation, by a margin of 240-179, allows Congress to undo any of the last-minute rules and regulations that were going to be put on the books before President Obama leaves office. 
The bill's sponsor, Representative Darrell Issa, a Republican out of California and the former chairman of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee, had this to say about the bill. 'This bipartisan bill is about reviving the separation of powers to ensure our laws are written by the representatives we actually vote for 'ì not unelected and unaccountable bureaucrats who are on their way out the door.' 
This was put into place to make sure that Obama doesn't try to sneak any last minute laws by that would further his agenda. Which means that any law that he thinks is going to get through is going to get shut down by the GOP controlled Congress. Obama's Plans To Push His Agenda Through Last Second Have Been Just Squashed 
'Presidents of both parties have made habit of enacting scores of last-minute regulations, with little oversight, to sneak in as much of their agenda as possible before the clock runs out on their time in office.' And there is still so much more that Obama wants to put in. After all, he was in favor of adding as many Syrian refugees as possible. 
'The bill helps ensure this President, and any future president, will be held in check and that their policies have the proper level of scrutiny by both Congress and the American people. I'm pleased to see the House pass this important measure and look forward to its quick passage by our colleagues in the Senate.' 
This was an important bill because Obama has shown that he is willing to undermine the Constitution. He has done so repeatedly, including one of the more recent examples being the $1.7 billion that he sent to Iran as part of the ransom payment for four American hostages. 
And it wasn't just members of Congress that were excited about this bill. FreedomWorks CEO Adam Brandon was also pleased with the House vote. He committed his Washington-based logistics and policy hub for conservative activists to working with Capitol Hill conservatives in making sure that law-making authority returns to Congress. 
'The Obama administration's regulatory agenda has been damaging to the economy and the destructive to separation of powers in Article I of the Constitution.' He is completely right. The Constitution ensures that there is supposed to be a separation of powers between the branches and make sure that one of the branches isn't more powerful than the other. Obama Continues To Try And Destroy Our Constitution 
Obama has proved over and over again that he wanted to go over the powers of Congress to make sure that his agenda was secure. This includes the fact that he tried to have millions of millions of illegal immigrants granted amnesty so that they were able to stay in the country and possibly vote. 
And they ended up voting! In this last election there were three million illegal immigrants that cast a ballot. That was despite the fact that they weren't allowed to vote considering that they aren't legal citizens of the United States! And yet the liberals were all in favor of this because they were all voting for Hillary . Anything to help her out right liberals? 
Not to mention that his ability to go over Congress has corrupted the minds of the younger generation. There have been several petitions out there that wanted to change the very basis of how this country works. First there was a petition that wanted to change the basis of electing the next president. 
And the second petition that was going around included people asking that President Obama go over his Constitutional policies to appoint the next Supreme Court member without the consent of the Senate. Of course that is just another example of people saying that he should do what he can to overthrow the Constitution . 
Share this article with your friends and family to show them that Congress has just passed a law that is going to make it impossible for Obama to implement any of his policies at the last second. This rule is going to make it impossible for him to try and push his agenda. 
This was the necessary change that needed to happen. President Obama has done enough to undermine the Constitution since he first sat in office eight years ago. And now any plans that he had to continue to do so until Trump gets into office have been destroyed.

ARTICLE


Posted by Elliot Bougis | Nov 18, 2016 | National Security Trump/Pence 2016: Lawful Good vs. Chaotic Evil 
I'm a nerd but please bear with me: 
Yesterday I asked some friends online about an economic theory that some of them are interested in and one friend, who does not support this theory, made a joke about 'getting the Marxists out of the way first.' A little later a friend who does support the theory replied with irritation that it must be a joke to think Marxists are actually in power in this country. 
I won't bore you with the rest of the discussion, but imagine my surprise when I saw an article this morning about'ìwait for it'ìpowerful Marxists in America! 
As Michael Volpe reports at The Daily Caller: 
A Marxist, a Venezuelan diplomat and an illegal alien headlined a meeting of organizers of the Trump resistance as they announced their plan to shut down Chicago on Saturday and Washington, D.C. on Inauguration Day. Chicago ANSWER was one of the radical leftist groups that helped to organize anti-Trump protests when his campaign tried to hold a rally in March ; that rally was canceled after protesters clashed with attendees. As The DC reported last week , the group is responsible for organizing rallies in Chicago, New York, Washington, D.C., San Francisco and Albuquerque. Since holding those rallies, the group has announced 'mass marches' on Inauguration Day in Washington and another one in Chicago on Saturday; the group hopes to 'shut the streets down' at both rallies. In other words, if they can't win an election legally, they'll try to reverse it with violence and 'birddogging' chaos. Before we go any further down this sad road, I want you to keep two things in mind. First, this is what Marxism always does. When it fails one group of people, it oozes away like a red version of The Blob to consume some other poor, unsuspecting populace with its cultural and economic acids. Now that Marxism has left Venezuela devastated and poor, the swarm of Marxist fire ants are trying to do the same here. The Socialist Blob: Coming Soon To A Community Center Near You! Second, like a lot of critics of Trump, these Marxist ants don't listen to his positive message and policy proposals. Instead, like a swarm of worker ants following their queen, the mainstream media, they fixate on the 'racist' or 'sexist' or 'mean' things Trump reportedly said. As I wrote yesterday, Trump hired Steve Bannon for many reasons, but one reason in particular is because they both care about economic justice, middle-class prosperity, and a strong national labor force. So remember: 1) these ants are making trouble for Trump because they smell fresh meat after leaving rotten meat in other places and 2) they are fighting a presidency that will actually help the people they say they care about. Now back to Volpe's report: On Nov. 15, the group held a meeting to plot its next move in its ongoing resistance of the Trump in a space normally operated by the Mexican Solidarity Network, a less well-known group in the mold of La Raza. CHICAGO ANSWER organizers, Stephanie and Mika, co-chaired the evening and Mika said he was also an organizer with the Party for Socialist and Liberation, a radical Marxist group and a frequent partner of ANSWER. Mika fired up the crowd. 'What do want?' he yelled at the crowd. 'Justice,' the crowd roared back. Same as Donald Trump! Law and order! Drain the swamp! 'When do we want it,' he screamed again. 'Now,' the crowd roared even louder. 'People can and must be organized in a deepening resistance,' Stephanie said. 'As united as possible, as militant as possible.' She also said she was willing to 'work with anyone to resist this administration.' Because these ants have no ideas or skills to contribute to society, they prefer to tear anyone who is trying to help in concrete ways'ìhence they hate a celebrated DOER like Donald Trump. Jes√∫s Rodr√≠guez-Espinoza is the Counsel General for the Venezuelan consulate in Chicago and while the rest of the speakers accused Trump of the normal litany of grievances 'î that he's a racist, homophobe, misogynist and charlatan 'î Rodriguez said his diplomatic position forbade him from weighing in on Trump. 'Before I was the Counsel General in Chicago, I was a regular citizen in Venezuela just like you, in 2002, was moved in my basement because of the attack against Hugo Chavez. Because of that I started getting involved in politics. Rodriguez-Espinoza said he became a supporter of Chavez after that. Just goes to show: never trust a Jesus that isn't in the Bible. Rodriquez-Espinoza also claimed the current economic and humanitarian crisis in Venezuela is over-blown. 'All the humanitarian crisis that you hear in the media most of that is an exaggeration. The only crisis we face is destabilization in Venezuelan oil. I'm not saying everything is perfect; I'm just saying it's overmagnified because it's in the interest of the most powerful countries in the world to get rid of the progressive government in Venezuela.' According to a June Guardian story , Venezuela has an economic crisis where Gross Domestic Product is contracting by 8 percent, unemployment was at 17 percent, and the inflation rate was at 482 percent. As always, facts are inconvenient things at times. Plus, if oil is Venezuela's main (only??) economic problem, then people like Rodriguez-Espinoza should try to work with Trump as a successful business developer, dealmaker, and, as of this Tuesday, the President-elect over the largest oil discovery in America of all time (20 BILLION barrels in the Permian Basin in southwest Texas). But because he is a short-sighted ant, Roqriguez-Espinoza, and all Marxist ants, to be honest, only know how to swarm and scurry and bite so they can feel 'progressive.' Far be it from them to take the humble, slow route of working, developing, building, and planning like Trump and most of his supporters do on a daily basis. Share this article to inform and encourage your family and friends! 

ARTICLE


Posted by Martin Walsh | Nov 23, 2016 | Breaking News If they want to go, we will let them 
This feeling of a President Trump is a breathe of fresh air. You can feel it in your communities all across the country and in your own life. You can feel yourself imagining things that you want to accomplish because Trump has already instilled a cultural change that breeds toughness and hard work. 
Democrats and the lying media slammed Donald Trump for months when he argued that he may not accept the results of the election. Now that he has won, ironically, it has been the media and Hillary's supporters that are refusing to accept the results of the election. 
Aside from thousands of whiny, entitled liberals flooding the streets with their violence and tears because they just cannot deal with a President that has said mean things, the state of California has made a major announcement. 
Fox News has reported that the state of California has filed a measure with the state's attorney general to have a question appear on the 2018 election ballot asking whether the state should secede from the United States. CONFIRMED: #Calexit independence plebiscite ballot measure sponsored by #YesCalifornia has been accepted by the California Attorney General. 
'î Yes California (@YesCalifornia) November 21, 2016 
Marcus Evans, the vice president of a secessionist organization called Yes California , told the Sacramento Bee that he filed paperwork with the government in order to allow the state the opportunity to succeed from the United States. 
The group only needs 500,000 signatures of California residents for the question to appear on the ballot. 
The large group argues that California would be the world's sixth-largest economy, and that he and his fellow citizens have been subsidizing other states through their federal taxes while their own infrastructure has taken a hit. 
The group said they plan to seek independence through the United Nations over apprehension that Congress will not be warm to the proposal. Still waiting on Clinton, Obama, and Democrats to denounce the violence and riots. Maybe if they had jobs they wouldn't have time to riot'¶ 
'î Martin Walsh (@mrwalsh8) November 21, 2016 
'We're not ashamed about going around Washington to achieve it,' group president Louis Marinelli said, 'Congress can't tie its shoes.' 
Let one thing remain crystal clear: if California wants to secede from the United States, they should get ready to go. 
For starters, they house the most illegal immigrants in the entire country, making the entire state a Sanctuary City. They would lose billions in federal funding from that alone. If California were to secede, they would also guarantee that Republicans would effortlessly win the White House every four years. 
California is also forgetting that the United States would tax them at very high rates on food, water, and everything else they need to survive. If California still wants to secede, then they can gear up and get ready for a war they will never win. 
President Trump can alter the structure of the wall, as well. Should they officially secede, we can build a wall across their eastern and northern borders in order to isolate them off from the entire country. We don't need them 
We would also be able to better control drugs and cartels. If California wants to accept and protect millions of illegal immigrants, they can keep them. It would make the United States that much safer. 
The United States does not need the state of California. They do not provide anything that we do not already have'ìthey have zero leverage. They would be a Nation that cannot survive without assistance from others. 
If they really want to leave this great Nation, let's help them out. Sign the petition and help spread the word. 

ARTICLE


Posted by Alex Cooper | Nov 25, 2016 | Breaking News Hacking Group 'Anonymous' Has Issued A CHILLING Announcement 
Something seriously bad is happening right now and it's about to shift the face of democracy in the free world. 
George Soros is well known by now for his donations to BLM and other extreme leftist groups, not to mention the millions he's given Hillary. 
Things just went to code red though, because Jill Stein has just initiated a campaign to demand a recount of the vote. 
What is about to happen could possibly cause a civil war. Anonymous, the infamous group responsible for hacking multiple high-level officials and agencies, just made a grave announcement: 
'It's over, folks. 
They are absolutely taking this from Trump. If you were able to see these stories they already have prepared for us to start running next week, your jaw would hit the ground. 
They are going to 'find' that the results were indeed 'hacked'. They have everything set in place, and have been ready to play this out for over a week. 
All 3 states (Michigan, Wisconsin, and Pennsylvania) are going to be reversed and awarded to Hillary Clinton. Speculations are in the midst of who is pulling the strings, but this is undoubtedly going to happen. 
Start preparing for the news to pour in, NOW. 
When Michigan is reversed, it will send a clear message of irreversible corruption; the state had only paper ballots. Furthermore, the votes have already been certified. The stringent program was designed specifically to defend against cyber attacks.' 
There is already evidence that death threats were sent to multiple electors, but that didn't work. Jill stein has already raised enough money to trigger a complete recount of the votes in Wisconsin'îthe other 2 states are even cheaper. This is BAD News 
Trump may have taken Michigan, but it won't matter. Jill Stein demanded a recount, and as a third party it will be carried out. The election WILL be rigged. January 20 th is literally 2 months away. Do you seriously think they are going to remain idle for 2 months? 
I'm a realist'îI call it like it is and I don't care who I offend. But, do not be mistaken. This is BAD news. 
It's already happening. Multiple fake 'computer experts' have stated there are 'anomalies' in the vote that favor Trump. Who have they blamed? Russia. 
So then what happened next? Jill Stein was able to push a recount order on these grounds. If foul play is 'detected', a recount can be initiated (even if the 'foul play' is completely false and planned as a scapegoat to initiate the recount for Hillary). Rogue Hacking Groups Like Anonymous And WikiLeaks Gave Us A TREMENDOUS Amount Of Factual Information During The Election Race. This Warning Is Not To Be Taken Lightly. 
But wait a second. How is Jill Stein connected to Hillary and why would the recount benefit Clinton? The answer lies in a serious screw-up that became apparent when a bot was found in the donation system. 
Go to the fundraising website and see for yourself! The campaign was started literally yesterday and already has over $4,000,000 in donations! This Is NO Coincidence. Do You Think A Man Who Has Spent BILLIONS Will Stop Now? The Media Is On His Side, Pushing The Entire Narrative! 
That's not the scary part though. What gives away the entire operation is the behavior of the donations. The funding came in at an absolutely perfect $160,000 per hour. That wouldn't be odd, except the donations continued full speed through the middle of the night when all of America was asleep! 
Jill Stein now has the money she needs to initiate the recount. Where did the funds come from? Soros. The mainstream media is pushing the narrative hard right now that the votes were hacked, even In Pennsylvania where that's not even possible . 
They are openly and brazenly lying about everything. Google, Facebook, Reddit, and Twitter are all censoring the spread of this information, creating dissent and misinformation. To make things even worse, the establishment has launched a campaign against 'fake news', allowing the mainstream media to dictate reality for hundreds of millions of Americans who receive constant news! 
This is BAD news people, and it's about to get even worse. There is no reason they would be attempting to pull this stunt unless they had absolute certainty it would execute successfully. 
Please spread word of what is about to come. I will continue to keep you informed, but you must join me in this fight and spread word. This news is being suppressed on literally every channel. We must fight back. 
Alex Cooper, CDP, Reports. 

