ARTICLE

Evidence Emerges That 'Clinton Cash' May Have Played a Role in the FBI's Investigation of Hillary Clinton Posted on Tweet Home » Headlines » World News » Evidence Emerges That 'Clinton Cash' May Have Played a Role in the FBI's Investigation of Hillary Clinton 
While most people are rightly focused on FBI head James Comey, there's another person who needs to be investigated far more closely. That person is deputy director of the FBI. Andrew McCabe. 
Submitted by Michael Krieger : 
A theme I've been focused on for the past several weeks, relates to the growing anger from within the ranks of current and former FBI agents over the agency's questionable and shady investigation into the email practices of Hillary Clinton. For example, in last week's post, Internal Anger at the FBI Over Clinton Investigation Continues to Grow , I noted: 
'This is a textbook case where a grand jury should have convened but was not. That is appalling,' an FBI special agent who has worked public corruption and criminal cases said of the decision. 'We talk about it in the office and don't know how Comey can keep going.' 
DiGenova told WMAL radio's Drive at Five last week, 'People are starting to talk. They're calling their former friends outside the bureau asking for help. We were asked to day to provide legal representation to people inside the bureau and agreed to do so and to former agents who want to come forward and talk. Comey thought this was going to go away.' 
He explained, 'It's not. People inside the bureau are furious. They are embarrassed. They feel like they are being led by a hack but more than that that they think he's a crook. They think he's fundamentally dishonest. They have no confidence in him. The bureau inside right now is a mess.' 
He added, 'The most important thing of all is that the agents have decided that they are going to talk.' 
While most people are rightly focused on FBI head James Comey, there's another person who needs to be investigated far more closely due to his ties to cash from long-time Clinton ally and Virginia Governor, Terry McAuliffe. That person is deputy director of the FBI. Andrew McCabe. 
The Wall Street Journal reports: 
The political organization of Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe, an influential Democrat with longstanding ties to Bill and Hillary Clinton, gave nearly $500,000 to the election campaign of the wife of an official at the Federal Bureau of Investigation who later helped oversee the investigation into Mrs. Clinton's email use. 
Campaign finance records show Mr. McAuliffe's political-action committee donated $467,500 to the 2015 state Senate campaign of Dr. Jill McCabe, who is married to Andrew McCabe, now the deputy director of the FBI. 
The Virginia Democratic Party, over which Mr. McAuliffe exerts considerable control, donated an additional $207,788 worth of support to Dr. McCabe's campaign in the form of mailers, according to the records. That adds up to slightly more than $675,000 to her candidacy from entities either directly under Mr. McAuliffe's control or strongly influenced by him. The figure represents more than a third of all the campaign funds Dr. McCabe raised in the effort. 
The FBI said in a statement that during his wife's campaign Mr. McCabe 'played no role, attended no events, and did not participate in fundraising or support of any kind. Months after the completion of her campaign, then-Associate Deputy Director McCabe was promoted to Deputy, where, in that position, he assumed for the first time, an oversight role in the investigation into Secretary Clinton's emails.' 
FBI officials said that after that meeting with the governor in Richmond on March 7, Mr. McCabe sought ethics advice from the bureau and followed it, avoiding involvement with public corruption cases in Virginia, and avoiding any campaign activity or events. 
Mr. McCabe's supervision of the Clinton email case in 2016 wasn't seen as a conflict or an ethics issue because his wife's campaign was over by then and Mr. McAuliffe wasn't part of the email probe, officials said. 
Mr. McAuliffe has been a central figure in the Clintons' political careers for decades. In the 1990s, he was Bill Clinton's chief fundraiser and he remains one of the couple's closest allies and public boosters. Mrs. Clinton appeared with him in northern Virginia in 2015 as he sought to increase the number of Democrats in the state legislature. 
Indeed, McAuliffe is also the guy who made it clear over the summer that Hillary Clinton's 'private position' on the TPP was to support it. This was discussed in July's post: Nobody Knows Who's Paying for the Privately Funded Democratic National Convention . 
Dr. McCabe announced her candidacy in March 2015, the same month it was revealed that Mrs. Clinton had used a private server as secretary of state to send and receive government emails, a disclosure that prompted the FBI investigation. 
At the time the investigation was launched in July 2015, Mr. McCabe was running the FBI's Washington, D.C., field office, which provided personnel and resources to the Clinton email probe. 
At the end of July 2015, Mr. McCabe was promoted to FBI headquarters and assumed the No. 3 position at the agency. In February 2016, he became FBI Director James Comey's second-in-command. 
As deputy director, Mr. McCabe was part of the executive leadership team overseeing the Clinton email investigation, though FBI officials say any final decisions on that probe were made by Mr. Comey, who served as a high-ranking Justice Department official in the administration of George W. Bush. 
Mr. McAuliffe has been under investigation for months by the FBI's Washington field office, a probe that includes an examination of donations made on behalf of a Chinese businessman, according to people familiar with the matter. His lawyers have denied any wrongdoing and said the investigation is seeking to determine if Mr. McAuliffe may have violated a law requiring people to register as agents of a foreign entity. 
Just further evidence that the U.S. has been transformed into little more than a glorified Banana Republic. This entry was posted in World News and tagged Clinton Cash , Hillary Clinton , Liberty Blitzkrieg , Michael Krieger . Bookmark the permalink . Post navigation

ARTICLE

TWITTER CENSORS AND DELETES VIRAL TWEET AGAINST HILLARY CLINTON Posted on Home » Headlines » World News » TWITTER CENSORS AND DELETES VIRAL TWEET AGAINST HILLARY CLINTON 
VIRAL Tweets against Hillary Clinton are being CENSORED and DELETED by Twitter. Luke Rudkowski breaks the story and the implications… 
This entry was posted in World News and tagged Censorship , Donald Trump , Hillary Clinton , Luke Rudkowski , We Are Change . Bookmark the permalink . Post navigation You must be logged in to post a comment. Today's Top Articles Privacy Policy THE ANALYSIS AND DISCUSSION PROVIDED ON SILVERDOCTORS IS FOR YOUR EDUCATION AND ENTERTAINMENT ONLY, IT IS NOT RECOMMENDED FOR TRADING PURPOSES. THE DOC IS NOT AN INVESTMENT ADVISER AND INFORMATION OBTAINED HERE SHOULD NOT BE TAKEN FOR PROFESSIONAL INVESTMENT ADVICE. THE COMMENTARY ON SILVERDOCTORS REFLECTS THE OPINIONS OF THE DOC AND OTHER CONTRIBUTING AUTHORS. YOUR OWN DUE DILIGENCE IS RECOMMENDED BEFORE BUYING OR SELLING ANY INVESTMENTS, SECURITIES, OR PRECIOUS METALS. WE DO NOT SHARE IN YOUR PROFITS, AND THUS WILL NOT TAKE RESPONSIBILITY FOR YOUR LOSSES AS WELL. Search

ARTICLE

Tweet Home » Headlines » Finance News » Trump's Gettysburg Address against the New World Order 
The Trump movement is an existential threat to the established order that consistently adopts the agenda and practices from the demonic cabal of the NWO globalists. 

Submitted by James Hall : 
If not now, WHEN? Only the most dedicated Totalitarian Collectivist would want to keep the NWO in power. Those who are so dim-witted to believe that the governance elites are legitimate rulers, exercising moral authority are so ignorant and illiterate that they deserve the fate of sheep taken to the slaughter. The Sheeple designation is apt for a society mired in a distorted reality of serfdom. 
The New World Order moved from a century's old scheme to enslave humanity into a consolidated ' international community ', when the central banksters organized the Bank for International Settlements, with the adoption of the Bretton Woods system of monetary management, the reorganization of nation states with the end of World War II, the creation of the globalist United Nations and the establishment of the centralized bureaucracy of the European Union. 
The Trump movement is an existential threat to the established order that consistently adopts the agenda and practices from the demonic cabal of the NWO globalists. 
It is because of this opposition to the transnational ruling despots that the vicious, deceitful and unending assault on Trump and his followers has been unleashed, since real meaningful change cannot be allowed that would reverse the systematic destruction of Western Civilization. 
READ the Entire pledge of action that was presented as the 21 st century Gettysburg Address or watch the video . 
DONALD J. TRUMP CONTRACT WITH THE AMERICAN VOTER 
What follows is my 100-day action plan to Make America Great Again. It is a contract between myself and the American voter – and begins with restoring honesty, accountability and change to Washington. Therefore, on the first day of my term of office, my administration will immediately pursue the following six measures to clean up the corruption and special interest collusion in Washington, DC: FIRST, propose a Constitutional Amendment to impose term limits on all members of Congress; SECOND, a hiring freeze on all federal employees to reduce federal workforce through attrition (exempting military, public safety, and public health); THIRD, a requirement that for every new federal regulation, two existing regulations must be eliminated; FOURTH, a 5 year-ban on White House and Congressional officials becoming lobbyists after they leave government service; FIFTH, a lifetime ban on White House officials lobbying on behalf of a foreign government; SIXTH, a complete ban on foreign lobbyists raising money for American elections. 
On the same day, I will begin taking the following 7 actions to protect American workers: 
 FIRST, I will announce my intention to renegotiate NAFTA or withdraw from the deal under Article 2205 
 SECOND, I will announce our withdrawal from the Trans-Pacific Partnership 
 THIRD, I will direct my Secretary of the Treasury to label China a currency manipulator 
 FOURTH, I will direct the Secretary of Commerce and U.S. Trade Representative to identify all foreign trading abuses that unfairly impact American workers and direct them to use every tool under American and international law to end those abuses immediately 
 FIFTH, I will lift the restrictions on the production of $50 trillion dollars' worth of job producing American energy reserves, including shale, oil, natural gas and clean coal. 
 SIXTH, lift the Obama-Clinton roadblocks and allow vital energy infrastructure projects, like the Keystone Pipeline, to move forward 
 SEVENTH, cancel billions in payments to U.N. climate change programs and use the money to fix America's water and environmental infrastructure 
Additionally, on the first day, I will take the following five actions to restore security and the constitutional rule of law: 
 FIRST, cancel every unconstitutional executive action, memorandum and order issued by President Obama 
 SECOND, begin the process of selecting a replacement for Justice Scalia from one of the 20 judges on my list, who will uphold and defend the Constitution of the United States 
 THIRD, cancel all federal funding to Sanctuary Cities 
 FOURTH, begin removing the more than 2 million criminal illegal immigrants from the country and cancel visas to foreign countries that won't take them back 
 FIFTH, suspend immigration from terror-prone regions where vetting cannot safely occur. All vetting of people coming into our country will be considered extreme vetting. 
Next, I will work with Congress to introduce the following broader legislative measures and fight for their passage within the first 100 days of my Administration: Middle Class Tax Relief And Simplification Act. An economic plan designed to grow the economy 4% per year and create at least 25 million new jobs through massive tax reduction and simplification, in combination with trade reform, regulatory relief, and lifting the restrictions on American energy. The largest tax reductions are for the middle class. A middle-class family with 2 children will get a 35% tax cut. The current number of brackets will be reduced from 7 to 3, and tax forms will likewise be greatly simplified. The business rate will be lowered from 35 to 15 percent, and the trillions of dollars of American corporate money overseas can now be brought back at a 10 percent rate. End The Offshoring Act Establishes tariffs to discourage companies from laying off their workers in order to relocate in other countries and ship their products back to the U.S. tax-free. American Energy & Infrastructure Act. Leverages public-private partnerships, and private investments through tax incentives, to spur $1 trillion in infrastructure investment over 10 years. It is revenue neutral. School Choice And Education Opportunity Act. Redirects education dollars to gives parents the right to send their kid to the public, private, charter, magnet, religious or home school of their choice. Ends common core, brings education supervision to local communities. It expands vocational and technical education, and make 2 and 4-year college more affordable. Repeal and Replace Obamacare Act. Fully repeals Obamacare and replaces it with Health Savings Accounts, the ability to purchase health insurance across state lines, and lets states manage Medicaid funds. Reforms will also include cutting the red tape at the FDA: there are over 4,000 drugs awaiting approval, and we especially want to speed the approval of life-saving medications. Affordable Childcare and Eldercare Act. Allows Americans to deduct childcare and elder care from their taxes, incentivizes employers to provide on-side childcare services, and creates tax-free Dependent Care Savings Accounts for both young and elderly dependents, with matching contributions for low-income families. End Illegal Immigration Act Fully-funds the construction of a wall on our southern border with the full understanding that the country Mexico will be reimbursing the United States for the full cost of such wall; establishes a 2-year mandatory minimum federal prison sentence for illegally re-entering the U.S. after a previous deportation, and a 5-year mandatory minimum for illegally re-entering for those with felony convictions, multiple misdemeanor convictions or two or more prior deportations; also reforms visa rules to enhance penalties for overstaying and to ensure open jobs are offered to American workers first. Restoring Community Safety Act. Reduces surging crime, drugs and violence by creating a Task Force On Violent Crime and increasing funding for programs that train and assist local police; increases resources for federal law enforcement agencies and federal prosecutors to dismantle criminal gangs and put violent offenders behind bars. Restoring National Security Act. Rebuilds our military by eliminating the defense sequester and expanding military investment; provides Veterans with the ability to receive public VA treatment or attend the private doctor of their choice; protects our vital infrastructure from cyber-attack; establishes new screening procedures for immigration to ensure those who are admitted to our country support our people and our values Clean up Corruption in Washington Act. Enacts new ethics reforms to Drain the Swamp and reduce the corrupting influence of special interests on our politics. On November 8th, Americans will be voting for this 100-day plan to restore prosperity to our economy, security to our communities, and honesty to our government. 
This is my pledge to you. And if we follow these steps, we will once more have a government of, by and for the people. 
Publishing the entire list of all these positive measures, which challenge the elitist consortium of a criminal syndicate that impose a neo-feudal enslavement of humanity, documents the essence of the Trump vow of revolutionary nonviolent combat against the forces of satanic evil. 
The ironic symbolism of presenting this restoration of national greatness at the site of the historic betrayal of the original American Revolution, one must not forget that Abraham Lincoln embarked upon the initial destruction of the legitimate States' Right essence that created the country. 
This apocalyptic step, set into motion the underpinnings of a global empire of which, America was never intended to pursue. Let's hope that Donald Trump can rectify some of the damage done to the individual rights embodied in the Declaration of Independence. Gettysburg was not a victory for a union of free men, but was the launching of a lustful hegemony for an Imperium international order. 
Only this contract with American citizens can offer any hope of reestablishing a legitimate administration of a limited national government.

ARTICLE

Tweet Home » Headlines » World News » Rigged Election: Hillary and Trump Caught Partying Like BFF's With Kissinger at Jesuit Gala 
When evaluating Jesuit behavior and influence, please keep in mind that both Donald Trump and Hillary's VP, Tim Kaine, are Jesuit educated . And it should be of GREAT interest, therefore, that practically on the eve of the US election, Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton partied the night away at a Jesuit function that included such prominent Jesuit-trained attendees as Henry Kissinger. Not only did the two not look like sworn enemies… they looked like two star crossed lovers going to their first prom… 

Submitted by Jeff Berwick, The Dollar Vigilante : 
We have been very, very suspicious of Donald Trump since he began his political run. 
Many believed he was an outsider who was our 'only hope' to tame the US federal government beast. But it has become very clear he is not. 
First, Wikileaks showed that Killary herself actually approved Trump to be her competitor . According to an email sent from an assistant at the Clinton campaign, Hillary was aware that Trump was going to run before the political process was fully underway. 
Clinton advised the mainstream media to push his legitimacy as a 'pied piper' candidate because she realized, after looking at the poll numbers, that she wouldn't stand a chance at winning the presidency against any of the establishment republicans without making them 'pied pipers' – it just so happened that Donald was the easiest to play the role considering his long history of friendship with the Clintons. 
In addition, the mainstream media was more than complicit in creating a narrative that the 2016 presidential elections were about Hillary Clinton vs Donald Trump from the get go. 
But, barely reported in the media, was that after the 3rd presidential debate, Clinton and Trump went out for a night on the town together… and where they went is of great interest. 
They went to an annual Jesuit function which is usually full of New World Order types. 
THE JESUITS 
One of the more interesting things that occurred right at the end of the Jubilee year in early October, was that the Jesuits installed a new Superior General, with the date to commence being actually at midnight on the end of Jubilee. 
We found this interesting because there is plenty of evidence that the Jesuits are at least one major arm of what you can call the illuminati. 
In fact, the Jesuits were founded in Spain by what various reports call 'crypto Jews' – those who are Jewish but pretending to be Catholic. Certainly at that time in Spain it was safer not to be a Jew. 
Even Wikipedia, which wouldn't recognize a conspiracy if it were directly presented by its participants has this to say about the Jesuits: 
… In the first 30 years of the existence of the Society of Jesus there were many Jesuit conversos (Catholic-convert Jews) including the second Father General Diego Lainez … The original founder Ignatius … said that he, 'would take it as a special grace from our Lord to come from Jewish lineage.' 
At the beginning of the Al Smith dinner party after Cardinal Dolan was introduced, a joke was even made by a speaker that 'everyone in attendance is doing their part in supporting their charitable efforts and that it couldn't be done without the support of many of the other devoted 'Catholics' on stage like Henry Kissinger, Howard Rubenstein, and Mort Zuckerman' – all of whom are obviously Jewish so this remark was naturally met with a lot of laughter… 
In fact, an extraordinary amount of controversy swirls around Jesuits. They are said to constitute the 'Black Church' and thus adhere to the same Satanic religion as the world's elite bankers supposedly hold. 
The leader of the Jesuit order is commonly recognized in conspiratorial circles as the 'Black Pope' whose signature staff is a crooked cross. Historically, the Jesuit Order has been seen as one that shirks no crime in expanding the power of the Church. 
Lest this sound entirely outrageous, one must note that the Jesuits are, for instance, the inventors of concentration camps, which they established in Paraguay in order to incarcerate and then torture the native indians of the area. 
But the litany of attributed Jesuit evil is even darker than that according to those who believe in the order's continued malicious pursuit. The supposed founder of the Bavarian-based Illuminati, Adam Weishaupt, was a Jesuit. 
In fact, the order is reputed to have been deeply involved in the Illuminati's initial expansion, and chances are it is still deeply involved. 
One more thing that highlights the evil of the Jesuits is their extreme oath of induction which all superiors must take in order to be elevated to the higher rungs of the organization. This is taken from the book Subterranean Rome by Carlos Didier, translated from the French, and published in New York in 1843 and reads in part, 
'…promise and declare that I will, when opportunity present, make and wage relentless war, secretly or openly, against all heretics, Protestants and Liberals, as I am directed to do, to extirpate and exterminate them from the face of the whole earth; and that I will spare neither age, sex or condition; and that I will hang, waste, boil, flay, strangle and bury alive these infamous heretics, rip up the stomachs and wombs of their women and crush their infants' heads against the walls, in order to annihilate forever their execrable race. That when the same cannot be done openly, I will secretly use the poisoned cup, the strangulating cord, the steel of the poniard or the leaden bullet, regardless of the honor, rank, dignity, or authority of the person or persons, whatever may be their condition in life, either public or private, as I at any time may be directed so to do by any agent of the Pope or Superior of the Brotherhood of the Holy Faith, of the Society of Jesus…' 
One of the most poignant quotes regarding the malevolence of the Jesuits comes from Marquis de LaFayette 1757-1834; who was a French statesman and general who served in the American Continental Army under the command of General George Washington during the American Revolutionary War. 
His quote is as follows: 
'It is my opinion that if the liberties of this country – the United States of America – are destroyed, it will be by the subtlety of the Roman Catholic Jesuit priests, for they are the most crafty, dangerous enemies to civil and religious liberty. They have instigated MOST of the wars of Europe.' 
THE BIG BASH 
When evaluating Jesuit behavior and influence, please keep in mind that both Donald Trump and Hillary's VP, Tim Kaine, are Jesuit educated. And it should be of GREAT interest, therefore, that practically on the eve of the US election, Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton partied the night away at a Jesuit function that included such prominent Jesuit-trained attendees as Henry Kissinger. 
Not only did the two not look like sworn enemies… they looked like two star crossed lovers going to their first prom. 
We have long held to our stance that Killary will be the next President of the US. The amount of vote rigging, murders and shenanigans to even get her to where she is so far has been tremendous… and it won't stop. 
That said, if by some fluke, and the Diebold machines malfunction or people in the US wake up slightly and Donald Trump gets elected… it is pretty clear they are on the same team and, as we've said previously, nothing major will change. 
So, if you were hoping that this election could change things in the US… get over that hope right now. It might change things, but only for the much, much worse. 
This charade is being played right in front of everyone's eyes and most do not understand what is happening or why jokes like the 'Catholic' joke is actually funny to these elite people. 
They are laughing at the peasants stupidity and lack of understanding, not because the men mentioned are Jews… anyone with half a brain knows that. 
But while they laugh, we'll be laughing all the way to the bank ourselves. Just because these sick people are formulating diabolical plans to enslave humanity doesn't mean we can't profit from their planned chaos. It's better than sitting back in ignorance and making nothing. 
Our analysis of these elite's occult timelines which began with the Shemitah and culminated with the Jubilee, have helped us to accumulate around a 200% collective return on our portfolio in the last year. 
Subscribe to The Dollar Vigilante newsletter HERE to continue to receive the best insights into the inner workings of groups like the Jesuits and other arms and actions of the world's financial elite and how to protect yourself and profit from it. 
The groundwork for global governance has been laid, don't let them blindside you as they attempt to carry out their nefarious plot. Donald Trump even stated at the dinner, 'We've got to come together, not only as a nation, but as a world community.' 
Promotion of the globalist new world order. 
They want to keep you ignorant and powerless because after all, knowledge is power. 
Educate yourself by joining the worldwide group of dollar vigilantes who can help you expatriate and offer advice on how to protect yourself by purchasing precious metals , bitcoin and other hard assets here. 
On Sale At SD Bullion… This Week Only…

ARTICLE

Home » Headlines » World News » Electronic Voting Machines Caught Switching Trump Votes To Hillary: 'Trying to Steal Texas' 
If TEXAS goes Blue, you know something is seriously, seriously wrong… 

From Michael Snyder : 
Is the 2016 election in the process of being stolen? Just a few weeks ago I issued a major alert warning that this exact sort of thing might happen. Early voting has already begun in many states, and a number of voters in Texas are reporting that the voting machines switched their votes from Donald Trump to Hillary Clinton. The odd thing is that none of the other choices were affected when these individuals attempted to vote for a straight Republican ticket. If Hillary Clinton is declared the winner of the state of Texas on election night, a full investigation of these voting machines should be conducted, because there is no way that Donald Trump should lose that state. I have said that it will be the greatest miracle in U.S. political history if Donald Trump wins this election, but without the state of Texas Donald Trump has exactly zero chance of winning. So those living down in Texas need to keep reporting anything unusual that they see or hear when they go to vote. 
Most Americans don't realize this, but the exact same thing was happening during the last presidential election. The state of Ohio was considered to be the key to Mitt Romney's chances of winning in 2012, and right up to election day the Romney campaign actually believed that they were going to win the state. 
Unfortunately for Romney, something funny was going on with the voting machines. In a previous article, I included a quote from an Ohio voter that had her vote switched from Mitt Romney to Barack Obama three times… 
'I don't know if it happened to anybody else or not, but this is the first time in all the years that we voted that this has ever happened to me,' said Marion, Ohio, voter Joan Stevens. 
Stevens said that when she voted, it took her three tries before the machine accepted her choice to vote for Romney . 
'I went to vote and I got right in the middle of Romney's name,' Stevens told Fox News, saying that she was certain to put her finger directly on her choice for the White House. 
She said that the first time she pushed 'Romney,' the machine marked 'Obama.' 
So she pushed Romney again. Obama came up again. Then it happened a third time. 
'Maybe you make a mistake once, but not three times,' she told Fox News. 
And we did see some very, very strange numbers come out of certain areas of Ohio four years ago. 
For example, there were more than 100 precincts in Cuyahoga County in which Barack Obama got at least 99 percent of the vote in 2012. 
If that happened in just one precinct that would be odd enough. But the odds of it happening in more than 100 precincts in just one county by random chance are so low that they aren't even worth mentioning. 
And of course this didn't just happen in Ohio. Similar things were happening all over the country. 
The reason why I bring all of this up is to show that there is a pattern. If a fair vote had been conducted, Romney may have indeed won in 2012, and now it appears that voting machines are being rigged again. 
In Wichita County, Texas so many people were reporting that their votes were being switched from Trump to Clinton that it made the local newspaper… 
Shortly after early voting booths opened Monday in Wichita County, rumors swirled online about possible errors in the process. Several online posts claimed a friend or family member had attempted to vote straight party Republican ticket, but their presidential nomination was switched to the Democratic nominee, Hilary Clinton. None of the local reports were from people who experienced the situation first hand. A Bowie woman posted that a relative who lives in Arlington saw her votes 'switched.' The post was shared more than 100,000 times Monday. 
And Paul Joseph Watson has written about some specific individuals that are making allegations that their votes for president were switched by the machines. One of the examples that he cited was a Facebook post by Lisa Houlette of Amarillo, Texas… 
Gary and I went to early vote today…I voted a straight Republican ticket and as I scrolled to submit my ballot I noticed that the Republican Straight ticket was highlighted, however, the clinton/kaine box was also highlighted! I tried to go back and change and could not get it to work. I asked for help from one of the workers and she couldn't get it to go back either. It took a second election person to get the machine to where I could correct the vote to a straight ticket. Be careful and double check your selections before you cast your vote! Don't hesitate to ask for help. I had to have help to get mine changed. 
I don't know about you, but major alarm bells went off in my head when I read that. 
A similar incident was reported on Facebook by Shandy Clark of Arlington, Texas… 
Hey everyone, just a heads up! I had a family member that voted this morning and she voted straight Republican. She checked before she submitted and the vote had changed to Clinton! She reported it and made sure her vote was changed back. They commented that It had been happening. She is trying to get the word out and asked that we post and share. Just want everyone's vote to be accurate and count. Check your vote before you submit! 
And of course they weren't the only ones reporting vote switching. It turns out that lots of other Texans have also experienced this phenomenon… 
So is there a serious problem with the voting machines? 
According to Breitbart, one county in Texas has already removed all electronic voting machines and has made an emergency switch to paper ballots… 
Chambers County election officials have executed an emergency protocol to remove all electronic voting machines available during early voting until a software update can be completed to correct problems experienced by straight-ticket voters . 
Chambers County Clerk Heather Hawthorne told Breitbart Texas Tuesday morning that all electronic voting was temporarily halted until her office completes a 'software update' on ES&S machines that otherwise 'omit one race' when a straight ticket option is selected for either major party. The Texas 14 th Court of Appeals race was reported to be the contest in which voters commonly experienced the glitch. 
Let's keep a very close eye on this. If the state of Texas ends up in Trump's column on election night, perhaps no harm has been done. 
But if Trump loses Texas there is no possible way that he will be able to make up those 38 electoral votes somewhere else. 
Despite what the mainstream media is saying, the truth is that election fraud is very real. Just the other day, WND published an article that contained a list of documented cases of election fraud in 23 different states. And Devvy Kidd just authored a piece that pointed out that there are 24 million voter registrations in this country that are 'no longer valid or are significantly inaccurate'… In 2012 the highly respected Pew Research Center exposed the sickening state of voter rolls in this country: Nearly 2 million deceased registered to vote Close to 3 million registered in multiples states Approximately 24 million—one of every eight—voter registrations in the United States are no longer valid or are significantly inaccurate More than 1.8 million deceased individuals are listed as voters Approximately 2.75 million people have registrations in more than one state 
But despite everything you just read, the mainstream media is trying very hard to prop up faith in the integrity of the process. In fact, just today CNN came out with an article entitled 'Poll: Most see a Hillary Clinton victory and a fair count ahead'… 
Almost 7 in 10 voters nationwide say they think Hillary Clinton will win the presidency next month, but most say that if that happens, Donald Trump will not accept the results and concede, according to a new CNN/ORC poll. 
Americans overall are more confident that the nation's votes for president will be cast and counted accurately this year than they were in 2008. Whatever the outcome, however, nearly 8 in 10 say that once all the states have certified their vote counts, the losing candidate has an obligation to accept the results and concede to the winner. 
Unfortunately, CNN does not have much credibility left at this point, and it is gettingharder and harder to believe the polls that are being put out by the mainstream media. 
And the mainstream media would also have us believe that if evidence of election fraud does emerge that it will be because the Russians have made it up… 
U.S. intelligence and law enforcement officials are warning that hackers with ties to Russia's intelligence services could try to undermine the credibility of the presidential election by posting documents online purporting to show evidence of voter fraud. 
The officials, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said however, that the U.S. election system is so large, diffuse and antiquated that hackers would not be able to change the outcome of the Nov. 8 election. 
But hackers could post documents, some of which might be falsified, that are designed to create public perceptions of widespread voter fraud, the officials said. 
Now that is a real 'conspiracy theory', and it would be incredibly funny if all of this wasn't so serious. 
During this election season, if you see or hear anything unusual about voting in your area, please report it. 
The American people should be allowed to make a free and fair choice, and anyone that attempts to alter an election is committing a crime against all of us. 
And let's watch the state of Texas very carefully. If it goes blue, you will know that something has gone terribly, terribly wrong. On Sale At SD Bullion… This Week Only…

ARTICLE

Tweet Home » Headlines » World News » TREASON: This Election Fraud Goes All the Way TO THE TOP! | Bill Holter 
JS Mineset's Bill Holter is back to help document the collapse. Bill says that the United States is becoming a banana republic right before our eyes. As Donald Trump recently stated, 'The Clinton machine is at the center of this power structure. We've seen this firsthand with the Wikileaks documents in which Hillary Clinton meets in secret, with international banks to plot the destruction of U.S. sovereignty. The Clintons are criminals.' And still, the CIA mockingbird media targets Trump while giving Clinton a free pass. The fix is in.

ARTICLE

It's no secret the dollar is on its way out' as China is accumulating MASSIVE amounts of gold …for one very specific reason. How will a competing gold-backed currency impact the value of the dollar? 

Rory Hall from The Daily Coin joined Silver Doctors for an exclusive interview. . Hall believes price manipulators are losing control of the gold and silver markets. 
When it comes to investing in precious metals, Hall says 'stay away from paper…If you don't hold it you don't own it.' 
Hall also discusses how China is accumulating massive amounts of gold. What do they plan to do with the shiny metal? Hall predicts China will issue a gold-backed currency or bond . 
How will a competing gold-backed currency impact the value of the dollar? 'It's no secret the dollar is on its way out,' he says. 
The economy is not on the road to recovery, Hall says. The Fed, European Central Bank, and Bank of Japan are holding together a failed system by papering over the cracks in the system without fixing the fundamental problems. Hall believes the Powers that Be cannot hold the system together much longer. 
Stay tuned to hear Hall's opinion on how to prepare for the coming collapse!

ARTICLE

Tweet Home » Headlines » World News » Watch This Incredible Video And Decide For Yourself: Did Hillary Cheat At The Last Debate By Using An Embedded Tablet Device In Her Podium? 
New Wikileaks documents show that Hillary Clinton, in association with the mainstream media, was given debate questions ahead of time. What's more, as you'll see below, Hillary, who claims she was merely taking notes, was actually reading directly off of the podium , almost as if someone was feeding her answers and bullet points… 

From Mac Slavo, SHTFPlan : 
New Wikileaks documents show that Hillary Clinton, in association with the mainstream media, was given debate questions ahead of time. It's also been rumored that the former First Lady may have used an ear piece at one of the debates, giving her a significant advantage. 
Last week footage of the final Presidential debate begain circling the internet and showed that Clinton may have been using some sort of screen at her podium. While many dismissed this as a lighting effect, an investigation by Piper McGowin at The Daily Sheeple suggests thatHillary may have actually been using some sort of tablet device. 
The following video will leave little doubt that something just wasn't right at the last debate. As you'll see, Hillary, who claims she was merely taking notes, was actually reading directly off of the podium, almost as if someone was feeding her answers and bullet points. 
Moreover, and quite damning, the notes Hillary was supposedly taking were were being written down with a pen that didn't have a tip on it . So, either she wasn't taking notes, or, she was using a stylus on an electronic device. 
Watch this incredible video and decide for yourself: 
( Watch directly at Youtube ) 
For an extensive breakdown of the Wikileaks notes that add further legitimacy to the claims that Hillary's podium is loaded with cheat-tech, we encourage you read Leaked Emails Reveal Hillary Can't Speak for Very Long Without a Podium

ARTICLE

Bill's past 
Bill Clinton's controversial past was evidently of concern to his wife's campaign team, which discussed how to handle questions on allegations of sexual assault against him. 
Preparation for what the media might throw at her included the questions: 'Will you apologize to the women who were wrongly smeared by your husband and his allies?' and 'How is what Bill Clinton did different from what Bill Cosby did?' 
The mail was sent by Ron Klain, a member of Clinton's debate preparation team, on January 12, 2016. Several days previous Paula Jones, one of Bill Clinton's accusers, gave an interview calling Hillary Clinton a 'liar' and 'two-faced' for trying to discredit her husband's accusers. Let's hope the Democratic party is not suicidal 
A July 2015 email from Clinton adviser Neera Tanden to Podesta discusses a CNN poll which she guesses will show, 'Bernie doing pretty well w Hillary and doing as well against Jeb or close to it.' 
'Can you imagine what Republicans would do with him if he were the nominee? ' Podesta replies, referring to Sanders. 
'Well, let's see what the poll actually says. Let's hope the Democratic party is not suicidal,' Tanden says. 
'Do we actually know who told Hillary she could use a private email?' she asks. 'And has that person been drawn and quartered?' 
' Like whole thing is f*cking insane, ' she adds. 
Downplaying Benghazi 
An October 2015 email chain between staffers discusses upcoming paid media ads about Benghazi and Clinton's email scandal. 
The group debates whether the ads should target Iowa and New Hampshire or be a national buy. 'I know the boss wants a national cable buy to reach the inside the beltway types, press and donors,' Jennifer Palmieri says. 'But press will hate this.' 
Oren Shur replies, 'If the objective is purely to undermine the Benghazi hearings, I think these spots will certainly help do that. But if the objective is to connect emails-Benghazi and conflate the two in voters' minds (which consultants feel is an imperative here), I'm not sure we know whether we can credibly do that.' 
The campaign appears to have decided to do a national ad on the subject. Small tweaks 
A March 2016 email chain discussing Clinton's inaccurate statement about the late Nancy Reagan starting a national conversation about AIDS, when she did the opposite, reveals Clinton's unwillingness to admit mistakes, even when she is proven to be wrong. 
The subject of the meeting is described as 'the difference between our contiguous universe nonviolent ETI and the celestials in our own universe.' 
The team go back on forth on Clinton's statement about the issue. 'YESTERDAY I MADE A MISTAKE IN SPEAKING ABOUT NANCY REAGAN'S record on HIV AND AIDS,' it begins. 
'I think the chances of her OK-ing this statement with that top are slim,' Megan Rooney says. 
'Here is a revised draft of a statement. It does include the words 'I made a mistake' in the first line,' Rooney says. 'We need a strategy for getting her to approve this. I don't know if that means someone who is traveling with her (Maya?) making the case… or something else.' 
A later draft was then sent, changing it to, 'I said something inaccurate when speaking about the Reagan's' record on HIV and AIDS.' 
'The Secretary approved the statement, with small tweaks,' Rooney says. Extraterrestrial disclosure 
Former astronaut Edgar Mitchell, known for his correspondence with Podesta regarding extraterrestrials, emails Podesta regarding the 'Phoenix Lights' incident in 1997, in which thousands of people reported sightings of hovering lights in the sky. 
Mitchell 'was on the phone just as they were happening over Phoenix with an eyewitness describing on March 13, 1997. This incentives about disclosure, while other reports like Roswell disincentives,' according to the mail from April 2015. 
The subject of extraterrestrial disclosure is 'now more important than ever' according to another mail sent on Mitchell's behalf a month later. 
'It is also imperative that after your talk with Edgar, he then speak directly with President Obama via Skype for historical purposes, about the same issue, while the President is still in office,' Podesta is told. On Sale At SD Bullion… This Week Only…

ARTICLE

Tweet Home » Headlines » World News » 'Executive Orders for Sale': Leaked Email Shows Hillary Auctioning Off 'Laws' To The Highest Bidder 
A new revelation buried in the Wikileaks trove of emails shows discussion of executive orders in relation to an 'idea' a wealthy donor has. Corruption doesn't even begin to cover it if wealthy donors – and even foreign powers – can just write checks, contribute to the Clinton Foundation, etc. – and just buy a law in return… 

by Melissa Dykes, The Daily Sheeple via SHTFPlan : 
Editor's Comment: Unaccountable power multiplies, but this is astounding. This is a very good example of the reasons that the founders sought to limit and check power. But of course, over the years, those protections have been whittled down, and the loopholes are big enough drive tanks through. Corruption doesn't even begin to cover it if wealthy donors – and even foreign powers – can just write checks, contribute to the Clinton Foundation, etc. – and just buy a law in return. 
Why is no one standing up to this tyranny? Critics have taken George W. Bush and Barack Obama to task for abusing their power to write executive orders – and legislate with a pen when they have no constitutional power to make law at all. But Hillary, before she even takes power, is already leaving these two in the dust. So everyone is just going to take it, along with the 'first female' t-shirts they will be sending out as promos in the mail? 
As MLK famously wrote from his Birmingham jail cell: 'At first glance it may seem rather paradoxical for us consciously to break laws. One may well ask: 'How can you advocate breaking some laws and obeying others?' The answer lies in the fact that there are two types of laws: just and unjust. I would be the first to advocate obeying just laws. One has not only a legal but a moral responsibility to obey just laws. Conversely, one has a moral responsibility to disobey unjust laws. I would agree with St. Augustine that 'an unjust law is no law at all.' 
Executive Orders for Sale? Leaked Email Shows Hillary Camp Answering Wealthy Donor's Questions about How Executive Orders Work 
by Melissa Dykes 
If you already thought the Executive Order system falls somewhere between problematic and completely unconstitutional, this takes it to a whole new, never before seen level of corruption. 
Thanks to all the leaks, America now knows our government is essentially one giant pay-for-play operation. That's how it works. That's how the DNC works. That's how the Clinton Foundation works. 
But how far does that go? 
How about bypassing Congress entirely with money in the most literal sense possible. 
This leaked email chain hints at something that kind of makes votes and lobbyists and, well, all of it rather pointless. 
If someone's wealthy enough, can they straight up buy an executive order? 
These days, the president uses Executive Orders to bypass Congress, even though there is no constitutional provision that explicitly permits the use of executive orders. It's a system that's been heavily abused in the past but now, apparently, it's for sale . 
A new revelation buried in the Wikileaks trove of tens of thousands of Hillary campaign chairman John Podesta's emails shows him discussing executive orders in relation to an 'idea' a wealthy donor has. 
In a leaked email thread between Podesta and Mary Pat Bonner, a 'donor adviser' who gets millions for her elite connections in bringing in donors and for being what The New York Times describes as a 'master of making donors happy,' it's all but admitted that Executive Orders are another pay-for-play item on the corrupt American political menu. 
Read this from the bottom up: 
(click to enlarge) 
In an email with the subject line, 'Is there someone in your shop,' Bonner writes, 'Who totally understands 'executive orders'. It is to answer a very big donors questions.' 
Podesta responds with simply, 'Me.' 
Bonner: 'It is for Michael King.' 
Podesta: 'What does he need?' 
Bonner: 'He has an idea and just need answer [sic] to a bunch of easy questions about how this works.' 
Oh goody. Mega wealthy donor Michael King has an 'idea' about executive orders… 
The Michael King they are likely referencing is rich TV mogul Michael King, the exec who inherited King World Productions later acquired by CBS. To give you an idea, King World Productions launched Harpo's The Oprah Winfrey Show and Dr. Phil's talk show. 
Back in 2012, Bill Clinton teamed up with King on a pricey fundraiser for President Obama at King's Pacific Palisades estate where tickets ranged from general seating starting at $1,000 and went all the way up to $40,000 premium seats with meet-and-greets. 
While on the campaign trail over a year out from the election, Hillary Clinton has already vowed she will use Executive Orders to pass gun control regulations, for example. 
Based on this email thread, you have to wonder what other EOs Hillary plans to pass as president… and whose 'idea' they are. 
And how much that idea cost. This entry was posted in World News . Bookmark the permalink . Post navigation

ARTICLE

none today c) REPORT ON CHINA 
i)Last week's TIC report showed a huge 346 billion dollars worth of treasuries sold. What was more disturbing was China sold 34 billion of USA treasuries. The big question is China offloading all of its foreign treasuries proportionally or just the USA. It seems the latter as Japan reports that China is gobbling up Japanese government bonds by the bucketful despite its negative yield. Last yr they bought $87 billion worth of Japanese bonds. China made its move because of the threat of higher interest rates. The chance that Japanese rates go higher is nil. 
( zero hedge) 
ii)Chinese bank assets total 32 trillion equiv usa, with bank liabilities at just about 30 trillion equiv USA. To give you a comparison to the uSA: the total USA banking liabilities are around 15 trillion. The problem in China is bad debts which are in the area of 15 to 20%. 
Thus 5 to 6 trillion equiv dollars must be written off…where are they going to get the money for this? 
(courtesy zero hedge) 4 EUROPEAN AFFAIRS 
i)Deutsche bank 
Investors scared as to what they are witnessing, have pulled another 8 billion dollars worth of funds from the ETF unit, causing more liquidity problems for the bank 
( zerohedge) 
ii)ECB 
A trial balloon has been floated by the ECB that they are almost certain to continue buying bonds beyond the March 2017 deadline 
( zero hedge) 
iii)SPAIN 
What a mess: King Felipe asks Spain to form a minority government and it will be done with abstentions. The problem here is that Rajoy promised to cut taxes and increase expenditures. The ECB wants the opposite 
( Mish Shedlock/Mishtalk) iv)DEUTSCHE BANK Deutsche bank is probing its own derivatives to see if they have been misstated. They are also sharing their information with USA authorities ( zerohedge) 
v)ITALY 

This is all Italy needs; Central Italy (around the Perugia area) is hit with a strong 5.4 magnitude earthquake 
( zero hedge) 
vi) BANK OF ENGLAND/ITALIAN BANKS/DEUTSCHE BANK 

Great reason for gold and silver to be whacked today: The Bank of England is asking its UK Banks to detail their exposure to both Deutsche bank and the Italian banks 
( zero hedge) vii)CALAIS FRANCE (THE 'JUNGLE') We brought you the story where the authorities rounded up 8,000 refugees harbouring on the outskirts of Calais in what is referred to as the 'Jungle'. They burned the refugee centers there and tried to move the migrants throughout France. This is not working as they breaking the police lines trying to get into the jungle. Generally they try and hitch a ride across the channel into England. (courtesy zero hedge) 5. RUSSIAN AND MIDDLE EASTERN AFFAIRS 
i)Trump correctly states that Hillary's plan for Syria would eventually lead to World War iii as the Russians would be totally against her formula. The Russians know full well that the issue is to remove Russia from providing natural gas to all of Europe 
( zero hedge) 
ii)Russia flexes its muscle by revealing a nuclear missile capable of reaching USA soil. ( Alexander Mercouris/The Duran.com) 
iii)World tensions just got hotter as Russia is forced to cancel refueling of its warships at Spain's eastern Mediterranean port of Cueta. The warships are heading to Syria( zero hedge) 
iv)what on earth is going on here? Cyberwarfare? no comment from me is necessary: ( zero hedge) 
v)The warmongers are at again, as NATO is pushing for the biggest build up on Russia's borders since the cold war; good reason to whack gold today(courtesy zero hedge) 6.GLOBAL ISSUES 
Months ago, many foreign investors were flocking into Mozambique bonds due to its higher yield. This morning, they woke up to the fact that these bonds are crashing with a yield of over 20%. The government admits that it's nation is in debt distress and they also reported on undisclosed bond issuance. The country's Debt to GDP ratio is 86 / with total country debt/GDP at 112. 
( zerohedge) 7.OIL ISSUES 
After a huge gain in API inventory, the DOE reports a draw down and this causes crude to climb back above 50 dollars 
(courtesy zero hedge) 
Conditions inside Venezuela going from bad to worse 
(courtesy zero hedge) 
i)Rory Hall/Dave Kranzler interview Bill Murphy of GATA 
( GATA/IRD) 
ii)Chinese mining companies Zijin andShandong are in talks for stakes in Barricks Veladero mine in Argentina. This mine is a good producer for Barrick at 500,00 plus oz per year. 
(courtesy GATA/R euters) 10.USA STORIES WHICH MAY INFLUENCE THE PRICE OF GOLD/SILVER 
i)The following is very important: the Richmond fed finally confirms that business conditions in its area has not deteriorated this fast since Q2 of 2008. 
( zero hedge) 
ii)The Fed is broadcasting that it is going to let inflation run wild in the USA 
( Graham Summers/Phoenix Capital Research) 
iii)Apple slides after disappointing numbers: 
( zero hedge) 
iv)Trump unexpectedly regains the lead in Florida with the latest polls 
( zero hedge) 
v)Wholesale inventories fail to grow and are basically unchanged even though auto inventories are up 9%. Inventory to sales ratio improves to 1.33 but still deep in recession. 
( zero hedge) 
vi)Today, we see the service sector PMI surge to 54.8 and it is at its highest level in 11 months .Together with the mfg PMI it looks like the USA is growing at 2% 
( zero hedge) 
vii) New home sales rose only after a major revision from August: 
new home sales: 593,000 but expectations were 600,000. August levels; 609,000 
( zero hedge) 
viii)Project Veritas 4 just released and more trouble for the DNC 
( zero hedge) Let us head over to the comex: 
The total gold comex open interest ROSE BY 849 CONTRACTS to an OI level of 507,617 as the price of gold ROSE $9.90 with YESTERDAY'S trading. 
We are in the delivery month is October and here the OI LOST 217 contracts DOWN to 104. We had 250 notices filed YESTERDAY so we GAINED 33 contracts or 3,300 additional oz will stand for delivery. 
The next delivery month is November and here the OI FELL by 176 contract(s) DOWN to 2260 contracts. This level is extremely elevated as generally November is a very poor delivery month.To give you an idea of size, on Oct 26 2015, we had an OI of only 253 contracts standing. Eventually by the end of Nov 2015, 214 notices stood for delivery for 21,400 oz (.6656 tonnes).The next contract month and the biggest of the year is December and here this month showed an decrease of 871 contracts down to 372,221. Today we had 1 notice filed for 100 oz of gold.

ARTICLE

Are The Polls Rigged Against Trump? All Of These Wildly Divergent Surveys Cannot Possibly Be Correct Posted on Tweet Home » Headlines » Finance News » Are The Polls Rigged Against Trump? All Of These Wildly Divergent Surveys Cannot Possibly Be Correct 
The tracking polls put out by Rasmussen, the L.A. Times and IBD/TIPP have all consistently shown that the race is either tied or Donald Trump is winning by a small margin. But Fox News has Hillary Clinton ahead by six points, Bloomberg has Clinton ahead by nine points, and the latest ABC News/Washington Post poll has Clinton ahead by twelve points. What in the world is going on here? 

From Michael Snyder : 
Some of these polls are going to turn out to be dead wrong. With just over two weeks to go until election day, some surveys are showing a very tight race, while others say that Hillary Clinton has a massive lead. For example, the tracking polls put out by Rasmussen, the L.A. Times and IBD/TIPP have all consistently shown that the race is either tied or Donald Trump is winning by a small margin. But Fox News has Hillary Clinton ahead by six points, Bloomberg has Clinton ahead by nine points, and the latest ABC News/Washington Post poll has Clinton ahead by twelve points. So what in the world is going on here? If the latest ABC News/Washington Post poll is correct, we are likely to see a landslide of historic proportions for Clinton, and this is what many of the experts are now projecting. But if Rasmussen and the L.A. Times are correct, the race could easily go either way. So who are we supposed to believe? Could it be possible that some of the polls are rigged against Trump? 
Well, when you take a closer look at the latest ABC News/Washington Post poll, it does appear that it is not as accurate as it could be. It turns out that those that conducted the survey purposely included 9 percent more Democrats than Republicans… 
'METHODOLOGY – This ABC News poll was conducted by landline and cellular telephone Oct. 20-22, 2016, in English and Spanish, among a random national sample of 874 likely voters. Results have a margin of sampling error of 3.5 points, including the design effect. Partisan divisions are 36-27-31 percent, Democrats – Republicans – Independents.' 
But as Zero Hedge has pointed out, registered Democrats have never outnumbered registered Republicans by 9 percent at any point over the last several decades. 
So how in the world can ABC News and the Washington Post possibly justify their methodology? 
Other major surveys have also purposely oversampled Democrats. The following comes from Gateway Pundit… 
With all the liberal distortions and dishonesty we decided to have a small team of actuarial and statistics professionals take a look at a couple of the recent polls to get their take on the reliability of these polls. They selected the recent FOX poll from October 14 showing Hillary up by 7 and the WSJ/NBC poll from October 16 showing Hillary with an 11 point lead. 
The first observation is that both polls are heavily skewed towards Democrats . At a high level, the FOX poll consists of 43 Dems to 36 Reps to 21 Other while the NBC poll shows 44 Dems to 37 Reps to 19 Other. 
By selecting more Dems the polls are designed to provide a Dem result. 
Our experts next analyzed the data and calculated results using the same data from the two surveys on a split of 40 Dems, 40 Reps and 20 Other. The results show that using either sets of data Trump comes out ahead with a larger margin of victory using the FOX data. 
Why would these major news organizations purposely try to give us distorted results? 
One reason to do this would be to try to discourage Trump voters. If they believe that Donald Trump is going to lose big, that might discourage some of them from going out to vote. 
At this moment, the Real Clear Politics average of national polls has Trump down by 5.6 percent. But some polls actually have him winning. Here are the nine latest surveys that Real Clear Politics has compiled… 
ABC News Tracking: Clinton +12 
IBD/TIPP Tracking: Trump +2 
Reuters/Ipsos: Clinton +4 
Monmouth: Clinton +12 
There is a 14 point swing between the polls that show Trump up by 2 points and the polls that show Clinton up by 12 points. 
This should not be happening. There is no way in the world that there should be a 14 point difference between scientific polls at this stage in the game. On November 8th the polling organizations that were way off are going to be exposed, and it will be exceedingly difficult for them to regain their credibility afterwards. 
At this point, some of the largest news organizations in the country are openly projecting a Clinton landslide. For example, Reuters says that Clinton now has a 95 percent chance of winning… 
Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton is on a definite path to the White House, according to the latest Reuters/Ipsos States of the Nation poll. 
The survey, released Saturday, found that Clinton is on track to win more than 300 votes in the Electoral College, which would solidly secure her the presidency. If the election were held this week, Clinton would win 326 Electoral College votes while Trump would win only 212, the poll said. 
According to Reuters, Clinton currently has a 95 percent chance of winning the White House . 
If Reuters isn't right about this they are going to end up looking awfully foolish. 
An analysis by the Associated Press also has Clinton as the overwhelming favorite. And it is true that the poll results coming out of individual states seem to show Clintonwith a seemingly insurmountable lead on the electoral map. 
But once again, can we trust those polls? 
Trump has regularly dismissed the national polls, but on Sunday his campaign manager did admit on national television that they are losing. The following comes from the New York Post… 
Donald Trump's campaign manager on Sunday acknowledged something her boss hates to do — losing. 
'We are behind,' Kellyanne Conway admitted on NBC's 'Meet the Press.' 
The GOP nominee routinely brushes off negative polling as untrustworthy but Conway said Democrat Hillary Clinton does have an edge. 
However, it is important to remember that the big national polls have been very wrong in the past. Back in 1980, a Gallup survey that was released on October 26th showed Ronald Reagan trailing Jimmy Carter by 8 points, but of course Reagan went on to win the election by a landslide… 
'For weeks before the presidential election, the gurus of public opinion polling were nearly unanimous in their findings,' wroteJohn F. Stacks for TIME in April 1980. 'In survey after survey, they agreed that the coming choice between President Jimmy Carter and challenger Ronald Reagan was 'too close to call.' A few points at most, they said, separated the two major contenders. 
'But when the votes were counted, the former California Governor had defeated Carter by a margin of 51% to 41% in the popular vote — a rout for a U.S. presidential race. In the electoral college, the Reagan victory was a 10-to-1 avalanche that left the President holding only six states and the District of Columbia.' 
Could a similar thing happen on November 8th? 
Without a doubt, Trump supporters are far more enthusiastic than Clinton supporters are, and that matters. The key on election day is to get your voters to turn out in large numbers, and the fact that Donald Trump is drawing record crowds to his rallies is a very good sign. 
But even if Donald Trump legitimately wins the election, it could still be stolen from him via election fraud. 
In recent days Democrats have been playing down the idea that this could possibly happen, but the truth is that even Barack Obama has admitted that election fraud is a major problem in the past. For instance, just consider what he said about this back in 2008… 
'Well, I tell you what it helps in Ohio, that we got Democrats in charge of the machines,' Obama said regarding the threat of election-rigging. 
He continued, 'Whenever people are in power, they have this tendency to try to tilt things in their direction. That's why we've got to have, I believe, a voting rights division in the Justice Department that is nonpartisan, and that is serious about investigating cases of voter fraud.' 
'That's why we need paper trails on these new electronic machines so that you actually have something that you can hang on to after you've punched that letter—make sure it hasn't been hacked into,' he added, admitting that even Democrats have 'monkeyed around' with election results: 
'I want to be honest, it's not as if it's just Republicans who have monkeyed around with elections in the past. Sometimes, Democrats have, too.' 
I know that these comments almost sound too good to be true, but you can actually watch video of Obama making these comments right here. And it is odd that he specifically mentioned Democrats having control of the voting machines in Ohio, because I documented extreme voting irregularities in Ohio in the last election during a recent visit to Morningside. 
And an increasing number of Americans are starting to become concerned about election fraud. In fact, a brand new Reuters survey found that 70 percent of Republicans believe that if Hillary Clinton wins the election it will be ' because of illegal voting or vote rigging'. 
So even if Hillary Clinton gets into the White House, she may find that she has an exceedingly difficult time trying to govern the nation. 
A lot of people have made a lot of predictions about the outcome of this election, and we don't have very long until we find out who was right and who was wrong. 
At this point, voting has already begun in many states, and the early results in Nevadadon't look encouraging for the Trump campaign… 
According to the estimable Nevada journalist Jon Ralston, Democrats have a 20-percentage-point turnout edge so farbased on early and absentee voting in Clark County (home to Las Vegas), Nevada. And they have a 10-point edge in Washoe County (home to Reno). 
But in the key swing state of Florida, so far 498,153 Republicans have voted compared to just 478,175 Democrats. So that would seem to be some very good news for the Trump campaign, because Trump cannot win without carrying the state of Florida. 
To me it seems as though Americans are more emotionally invested in this campaign than they have been in any presidential campaign in decades. 
The stakes are incredibly high, and in just over two weeks we will find out what happens. 
Let us just hope and pray that America makes the right choice. This entry was posted in Finance News and tagged Michael Snyder , rigged polls , The Economic Collapse Blog . Bookmark the permalink . Post navigation

ARTICLE

From Sprott's Thoughts : 
The yellow metal advanced mightily in the first six months of this year and then held those gains for the next three, so it was not a surprise to see it give up some ground in October. 
The correction is providing an opportunity to enter stocks that we thought got away. The question is precisely when to make those moves. 
That's both tough and easy. It's tough – impossible actually – to know exactly when and how this correction will bottom. It is much easier to look at historic patterns and overlay significant pending events to estimate likely time frames. 
Looking ahead from here, there are a couple pertinent patterns. Gold's strength declines in the final months of the year. September is almost always good and October often is as well, though the tenth month starts with a weeklong holiday in China that creates an opportunity for gold shorters to hammer the price while Chinese traders, who would usually counter such a push, are away. Shorters used that opportunity this year: gold started to fall the first trading days of the month, precisely when China was on vacation. Had Chinese traders been at their desks, I imagine the fall would have been less. The Indian wedding season runs from October through December, after the monsoons are over and before the heat really ramps up. You have undoubtedly heard about the importance of Indian weddings to gold demand, but it's a topic worth repeating. A large percentage of the money spent on an Indian wedding goes into gold, which adds up to a lot in a nation as populous as India. And the season could be especially good this year because the monsoons were fantastic, which means Indian farmers are not stressing about a third year of drought. Indian farmers make up about a third of the country's gold demand. Broadly speaking, 2016 has seen two kinds of gold investors: short-term speculators and long term value hunters. The first group moved into gold as it gained and many of them likely ditched in the drop. The second group probably took some money off the table during the year but left core positions intact, guided by the belief that the run is just getting going. As we approach the end of the year, these two groups have different concerns: Short term specs: Want to book gains. If they didn't sell already, they will sell once the sector strengthens some. That being said, if the public narrative turns pro-gold again this group will buy back in, which is possible if 2017 starts the way 2016 started. Long term value hunters: Want to position in stocks offering the best leverage to gold and/or exploration opportunity, while also managing capital. On that second point, I expect to see some tax gain selling before the end of the year. I know, after five bad years that concept may seem foregin – but investors booked a lot of tax losses in the bear market and many will look to lock in some gains against which they can apply those losses, especially in jurisdictions where tax losses expire. More generally, why not lock in some tax-free gains and then re-enter on a down day? The December Fed meeting is very significant for gold. If things continue the way they are now, expect a rate hike. Gold will sell down in advance of and right after that event – but remember, gold's early 2016 rally got going only a few weeks after the last rate hike. Corrections are rarely V-shaped. Instead, they often look more like a W. The gold price decline we just went through is likely the first low point in the pattern. The forces outlined above could create a small lift over the next few months (Indian buying on the gold side, value hunter buying on the equities side) that leads into a second low (selling by specs who aren't already out, tax gain selling by long terms players, apprehension around the Fed meeting), all of which sets up for the W to wrap up in a January rally. 
Jordan Roy-Byrne of TheDailyGold.com demonstrated this pattern fantastically: 
The chart uses the HUI Index as a proxy for gold stocks and compares today with corrections in 2001, 2002, and 2006. Each followed a very strong advance, like we just experienced. 
The corrections in 2001 and 2006 show the W pattern, though the 2001 W is pretty flat. In 2002 the correction followed a W pattern until falling for a third time. 
History doesn't repeat, but it does rhyme. The rhyming pattern to note is that corrections don't have flat bottoms; they oscillate, often twice but potentially thrice (or otherwise). Be aware such oscillations are pending and try to time your buys accordingly. 
The durations are also interesting – the 2001 and 2006 corrections lasted 5 months, which takes us from early August (when HUI peaked) through to early January- right on schedule. 
Of course when it comes to gold, the metal itself is only part of the equation. Also important are the US dollar and rates. 
The dollar was the main culprit behind gold's October slide. The US Dollar Index gained 2.6% in the first two weeks of the month, a significant move largely because it broke above the highpoint of the band in which the greenback had been trading since the spring. 
Why the rise? Largely because the pound has been getting hammered since Theresa May started talking about Brexit realities: timelines for negotiations and her preference for a 'hard Brexit' to speed things along. When one currency declines another has to rise, and so it was with the pound and the dollar. 
As for rates, US data continues to be middling. The market hoped for some clarity on inflation with the release of the September Consumer Price Index, but the numbers were nonchalant. Headline consumer inflation rose 0.3% month-over-month as expected, but core inflation rose just 0.1%, which was less than expected. 
Expectations aside, it is notable that the core rate has now stayed above 2% year-over-year for eleven months. Stronger oil prices should add to headline inflation going forward, so inflation has met the Fed's target. 
Inflation, however, is one of three targets the Fed says need to be met for a rate hike. The other two are unemployment below 5%, which has been essentially the case for some time now, and GDP growth of at least 2%, which is looking less and less likely with each passing day. 
I'm not sure the GDP miss matters. What is really on the line right now is Federal Reserve credibility. And if that sounds familiar, it's because we had this exact conversation around this time last year, leading up to the December meeting where Yellen and Co. did raise rates. 
The situation was strikingly similar. The dollar was very strong, having retained its big 2014 move to stay above 93 all through 2015. That greenback strength was all but preventing inflation and hurting US corporations. Raising rates supports the dollar, which had Yellen in a difficult position. But after talking about hikes for so long, the Fed had to move. 
A year later, the same thing. Dollar strength is hurting earnings for multinational US companies, hampering inflation, and slowing GDP growth, but Yellen has a credibility problem and so a rate hike is likely. 
So oscillations until December because of seasonal pressures and rate hike expectations…and then, if historic patterns around W-shaped corrections and gold's reaction to rate hikes persist, we could be looking at a strong start to 2017. 
That means this fall may be the time for patience and using patterns to position your portfolio for gold's next leg up. 
This entry was posted in Gold News and tagged gold update , Sprott's Thoughts . Bookmark the permalink . Post navigation

ARTICLE

Tweet Home » Headlines » World News » Michael Moore: Joe Blow Will Vote Trump As 'Ultimate F–– You to the Elite… A Human Molotov Cocktail' 
He is the human Molotov cocktail that they have been waiting for. The human hand grenade that they can legally throw into the system that stole their lives from them. So, on November 8th, the dispossessed will walk into the voting booth, be handed a ballot, close the curtain, take that lever — or felt pen or touchscreen — and put a big f**king X in the box by the name of the man who has threatened to upend and overturn the very system that has ruined their lives: Donald J. Trump. Trump's election is going to be the biggest F**K YOU ever recorded in human history. 
From Mac Slavo, SHTFPlan : 
A tidal wave is coming. 
Michael Moore, a liberal's liberal who holds die-hard loyalty to Hillary Clinton, is acknowledging what everyone with a clear head recognizes: that she doesn't even remotely connect with the average voter, doesn't understand their problems – and above all, doesn't care about them. 
Although Moore can't support Donald Trump, he seems to admire his ability to resonate with the actual problems that the people who formerly made up the middle class are going through – economic and otherwise. Moore, like Trump, understands the pulse of the people, though they differ in just about every other way. 
This election represents a pivotal point, and an end of the line for the deal that people once held with their leaders. After decades of broken promises and deals to sell them short and sell them out, people have had enough. 
THAT'S what this election is about. 
Right or wrong, Trump represents a rebuke of the system – as Moore calls it, the ultimate 'F––– You' ever directed at the system. 
Here's some of what he said in an epic rant (reportedly excerpted from his rush-election film Trumpland) that is strangely validating of Trump's entire campaign: 
Whether Trump means it or not, it's kind of irrelevant because he's saying the things that people who are hurting. And it's why every beaten down, nameless, forgotten working stiff who used to be part of what was called the middle-class loves Trump. 
'They're not racists or rednecks, they're actually pretty decent people. So, after talking to a number of them, I sort of wanted to sort of write this.' 
[…] 
Donald Trump came to the Detroit Economic Club and stood there in front of the Ford Motor executives and said: if you close these factories, as you are planning to do in Detroit, and rebuild them in Mexico, I am going to put a 35% tariff on those cars when you send them back and nobody's going to buy them. 
It was an amazing thing to see. No politician — Republican or Democrat — had ever said anything like that to these executives. It was music to the ears of people in Michigan and Ohio and Pennsylvania and Wisconsin. The Brexit states. You live here in Ohio. You know what I am talking about. 
He is the human Molotov cocktail that they have been waiting for. The human hand grenade that they can legally throw into the system that stole their lives from them. And on November 8th — Election Day — although they have lost their jobs. Although they've been foreclosed on by the bank. Next came the divorce and now the wife and kids are gone. The car's been repossessed. They haven't had a real vacation in years. They're stuck with the shitty Obamacare bronze plan. They can't even get a f**king percocet. 
They have essentially lost everything they had…except one thing. The one thing that doesn't cost them a cent and is guaranteed to them by the American Constitution: the right to vote. 
[…] So, on November 8th, the dispossessed will walk into the voting booth, be handed a ballot, close the curtain, take that lever — or felt pen or touchscreen — and put a big f**king X in the box by the name of the man who has threatened to upend and overturn the very system that has ruined their lives: Donald J. Trump. 
[…] 
They see that the elites who have ruined their lives hate Trump. 
Corporate America hates Trump. Wall Street hates Trump. The career politicians hate Trump. The Media hates Trump… 
The enemy of my enemy is who I am voting for on November 8th. 
Trump's election is going to be the biggest F**K YOU ever recorded in human history. 
And it will feel good. 
What red-blooded American, working stiff or laid off schmo wouldn't want to stick it to the establishment and rebuke the very system that brought them to this point? After all, it is their fault. 
People have been hurting and in decline for eight long years – and for all his smiles and posturing, Obama hasn't done a damned thing. And Hillary can't even pretend. 
The people who will be deciding the popular vote in this election want to take down that system and put someone in who will – once and for all – stand up for them. Basically, Americans want revenge. 
What the electoral college decides is another matter altogether, of course. On Sale At SD Bullion… This Week Only…

ARTICLE

October 27, 2016 at 8:16 PM 
I don't know about all y'all but I've been watching Venezuela like a hawk for at least 10 years, all the way back to when Chavez assumed the presidency and Bush tried to have him assassinated or taken out with a coup. Bush lost. Chavez remained and got the country's gold back. All 144 tons. He died after a massive looting of the private enterprises. His daughter ended up being worth $4.5 billion and Chavez set in motion the process of systemic destruction of the country. Maduro now has the country in a death spiral, is selling off the gold to Citibank to pay the bills and just announced that the newest currency will would be 200 times more than the largest bill now in circulation. That bill will be 20,000 bolivars. Black market value is $13 USD Currency controls are now in place with limits on ATM withdrawals. IMF estimates inflation of 1600% next year, 2900% in 2018 and 3500% in 2019. Those are low because IMF is wrong on any calculations like this 
So what's with precious metals in Venezuela? Silver and gold go a long way to purchasing power but the consumer finds no goods on the shelves. The good news is that with this gross devaluation means the smallest notes are worth less than toilet paper. That means the TP shortage will be solved very soon.

ARTICLE

Tweet Home » Headlines » World News » 'Rigged To Deny Trump': Looks Like Elite Trying to Steal These States to Block Electoral Path to 270 
There are several states that are being surprisingly maneuvered for her advantage… and if successful, will block Trump from even coming close the presidency. 

From Mac Slavo, SHTFPlan : Will the 2016 election be rigged? 
That depends on what the definition of 'is' is – and whether or not you count blatant media bias, operatives and instigators, shady quasi-voters, bizarre electronic voting 'errors' and a heavy-handed advantage in the electoral college and the shifting demographics of a socialist state that promises much to certain groups. 
With the GOP leadership turning its back on Trump, and the Democratic machine dedicated solely to providing for Her, it will be a difficult win for Trump, despite overwhelming enthusiasm at rallies across the entire country and lop-sided pro-Trump crowds that literally dwarf pro-Hillary gatherings of very few. 
But as most everyone knows by now, it isn't the popular vote that counts – but only the delegates awarded state-by-state to the electoral college… and that is a game that Hillary's operatives are very good at playing. Daily News Brief: The 2016 Election Is In The Process Of Being Stolen With Rigged Voting Machines 
There are several states – in particular – that are being surprisingly maneuvered for her advantage… and if successful, will block Trump from even coming close the presidency. Texas Could Turn 'Blue' For the First Time In 20 Years 
This is the big enchilada, so to speak. For the first time in many decades, Texas is in play for Hillary and the Democrats. Texas has been as solidly 'red' as any state in the union, but 2016 could be different. 
With 38 electoral votes, the Lone Star State is the biggest prize on the map next to California, whose 55 electoral votes have gone to the Democrats since before history began. Since at least 2008, the Dems have been massaging their electioneering strategy to capitalize on shifting demographics – with plenty of Hispanics in the next generation of voters. On paper, Hillary should be able to play well to Hispanics with all the controversy over Trump's immigration stances and talk of a border wall. Rumors of illegal immigrants be encouraged to vote could be a crucial factor, with polls in Texas close to neck and neck… it could go either way. 
Of course, there is every reason to think that Team Hillary is not taking any chances. 
As Michael Snyder and many others have reported , electronic voting machines have been mysteriously flipping votes for Hillary in several counties in Texas… and that doesn't bode well for a massive electoral prize that is within range for her campaign: 
Early voting has already begun in many states, and a number of voters in Texas are reporting that the voting machines switched their votes from Donald Trump to Hillary Clinton. The odd thing is that none of the other choices were affected when these individuals attempted to vote for a straight Republican ticket. If Hillary Clinton is declared the winner of the state of Texas on election night, a full investigation of these voting machines should be conducted, because there is no way that Donald Trump should lose that state. I have said that it will be the greatest miracle in U.S. political history if Donald Trump wins this election, but without the state of Texas Donald Trump has exactly zero chance of winning. 
At least one county is making an emergency switch to paper ballots after irregularities were found with the electronic machines during early voting. 
Meanwhile, Infowars confronted the head of Texas' elections about his decision to violate voter laws and abandon a manual count of a random sampling of 1-3% of votes (which should theoretically reflect the larger voting trend, unless something is fishy). Without that count, there is less accountability than ever: 
This is major issue, and Texas isn't the only state… just the biggest. 
2. Utah's Independent Republican Could Actually Beat Trump 
OK, so Utah only has a grand total of 6 electoral college votes… and has never been a decisive swing state in a presidential election. But that is because the state has been so solidly 'red.' However, this election is totally different. 
A little known independent candidate named Evan McMullin has actually taken the lead in several recent polls in Utah, and is neck-and-neck with both Trump and Hillary in several other polls (at or around 30% apiece). Libertarian Gary Johnson is also playing (relatively) well at about 5% – possibly enough to swing further momentum away form Trump. 
But Evan McMullin is the real surprise hit – in a state that is suddenly considered an important battleground in the election. 
McMullin is a Mormon, which gives him a significant boost. He is officially tied to Better for America, which is basically a #NeverTrump operation – backed by neocons like William Kristol. Perhaps unsurprisingly, Evan McMullin has a pretty colorful and telling background : on top of being a former policy director for House Republicans, he's also a former CIA operations officer; a member of the elite think tank Council on Foreign Relations (CFR); a former Goldman Sachs investment banker and a volunteer refugee resettlement officer for the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees in Jordan. 
Wow! I wonder if there could be an agenda there. Hillary probably won't win Utah, but Trump may not either – and it could make a crucial difference if he is within striking distance of 270 electoral votes. 
3. Florida Is a Must Win Swing State for Trump… But Current Polls Show Possible Hillary Win 
Oh boy… Florida all over again. With 29 electoral votes, it remains a major contender that is so often on the fence and swinging in the wind. It is considered essential for a Trump victory, and indeed for just about any successful Republican bid for the presidency. 
Sure, we all know the polls are rigged, and may be oversampling Dems to look better for Hillary on paper – but nonetheless, that perception drives expectations. 
If She can create a convincing win there, it could change the course of the election once again. Florida has consistently been the closest outcome – in 2008 and 2012 it went blue for Obama; in 2000 and 2004 it went red for Bush (and not without major controversy and some very shady recounting). 
Her team is pushing heavily for early voting in Florida, and so far they claim an early voting advantage. 
But campaign surrogate Roger Stone is now reporting that Hillary has met secretly with Broward County officials in Florida, and there is speculation that problems with the voting machines may soon be happening all over again. 
Pay very close to what happens there, because of course, Florida could be THE deciding state (again). Right now polls are within 2 points , currently in favor of Trump by a very narrow margin. 
4. Colorado Has Known Voting Fraud Issues – With Dead People on the Voter Rolls 
With 9 electoral votes, Colorado is currently swinging 'blue' but could go either way. CBS4 and the Washington Times reported that an investigation was started by Colorado's Secretary of State after multiple examples were found of deceased people registered and in the voter rolls: 
'This is the kind of thing you hear rumored, joked about in Chicago, that kind of thing,' Mr. Maasssaid during a Thursday evening broadcast. 'Tonight, that changes. We did find voter fraud in Colorado that essentially waters down your vote.' 
[…] 
'This is the kind of thing you hear rumored, joked about in Chicago, that kind of thing,' Mr. Maasssaid during a Thursday evening broadcast. 'Tonight, that changes. We did find voter fraud in Colorado that essentially waters down your vote.' 
It's not clear whether or not Colorado could make a difference in the outcome, but the results could prove suspect. 
5. Hillary Is 'Leading' In These Key Swing States 
While Trump is expected to win the crucial state of Ohio, and also North Carolina, Hillary is projected to take key states including Pennsylvania, Colorado, Iowa, Virginia and Arizona. 
According to the Washington Post : 
if Clinton can hold Virginia, Pennsylvania, and Colorado, then she only needs one more out of many swing states — New Hampshire, Nevada, Ohio, Iowa, North Carolina, or Florida — barring any surprise Trump win in a blue-leaning state like Wisconsin. That is currently looking very plausible. 
While any of these could change in the actual outcome, it shows that Hillary has definitely maneuvered to win where it counts – not with the people, but with the electoral college. 
The details are too numerous to follow here, and anything could happen. 
6. You Know Voter Fraud Is Happening If the Media Claim It Isn't 
What should be very telling to everyone is how loudly the major media – in concert – are trying to debunk Trump's claims of voter fraud and insist that all is well when it is quite clear that there are major issues. 
This is one claim that the system is very afraid of, because quite frankly, they have a great deal to hide. 
There is more reason than ever for accountability, reporting on any irregularities and an insistence that the will of the people be respected – because the system is desperate to hold onto control at any cost. This entry was posted in World News and tagged Donald Trump , Mac Slavo , Rigged Election , SHTFPlan , Voter Fraud , Wikileaks . Bookmark the permalink . Post navigation

ARTICLE

October 27, 2016 at 4:21 PM 
Listen, it doesn't matter who wins…the system can not mathematically go on the way it has…..so please dont make it sound like Trump is going to bring it down…and fuck yes…people like me want to see heads roll…they should be rolling for what they have done to this country….politicians, newspeople, celebrities…. all of them. If you or I did what they have done…we would be in Leavenworth in heart beat. Trusy me, it will get worse before it gets better…but when you're cutting a malignancy out, it's going to hurt.

ARTICLE

Tweet Home » Headlines » World News » 'IN ONE DAY IT WILL BURN': Chilling 30 Year Old Prophesy Warns Russia Will Nuke America Even now they are preparing an attack against America. When America believes there is peace and safety, the Russians will lead an all-out attack . They already have it planned! 'The Heavenly Messenger showed me all of California, Las Vegas, New York, and Florida, and said, 'This is Sodom and Gomorrah. All of This – In ONE DAY It Will BURN…' ' Surely the Lord GOD will do nothing, unless He reveals his secret to his servants the prophets. – Amos 3:7 In 1984, a Romanian Pastor who had been mercilessly tortured by Soviet Bloc Communists for smuggling Bibles into Romania received a Chilling Warning from the Almighty: America – the Land of the Free – would be destroyed in a SINGLE DAY by the Russians in a fiery judgement – unless she repented for her great sins: Dumitru Duduman was a Romanian pastor who smuggled Bibles in his native land of Romania for 25 years. 
In 1984, God called him out of Romania to the land of America – telling Duduman He had an important warning for His people there. Duduman, unable to speak a word of English, arrived with his family in New York and subsequently Fullerton, California without as much as a play to lay their heads. 
Nearly immediately after arriving in the Land of the Free, Duduman received an Angelic Visitation, which he describes in Through the Fire Without Burning: 
It seemed we were over California. The angel said, 'There is San Francisco. There is Sacramento and Modesto. Soon we will see Los Angeles.' I had no idea there were such places in California, or even in the world. But I still remember the exact names. At last we were over Fullerton where we now live. 'You can go home,' the angel said, 'but I want to tell you what will happen. You have seen a number of cities. 
The day will come when I will punish the citizens of those cities because of their sins. Their sin has reached into heaven. God will punish them just as he punished Sodom and Gomorrah.' 
How will this happen? Surely they are able to defend themselves against any imaginable invasion. 
'That is your opinion, not the mind of God. The Russian government will have all the information regarding the whereabouts of American missiles. They will have the exact locations of the weapons factories. Even now they are preparing an attack against America. When America believes there is peace and safety, the Russians will lead an all-out attack. They already have it planned! They plan to attack from such remote bases as Cuba, Nicaragua, Central America, Mexico, and the ocean. They have had these plans for a long time, but God has not yet allowed them to be fulfilled. Nevertheless, the day will come when America will be punished for her sins by fire.' 
Dumitru responded to the vision by fasting for 21 days, requesting it would be repeated if it was truly from God. At the conclusion of his fast, Dumitru received a second vision: 
Suddenly a bright light came toward me…from the light I head the same voice that I had heard so many times in prison. He said, 'Dumitru, why are you so despaired?' 
I said, Why did you punish me? Why did you bring me to this country? I have nowhere to lay my head down. I can't understand anybody.' He said, 
'Dumitru, didn't I tell you I am here with you also? I brought you to this country because this country will burn.'.. 
I was not asleep. It was not a dream. It was not a vision. I was awake just as I am now. He showed me all of California and said, 
'This is Sodom and Gomorrah ! All of this, in one day it will burn! I t's sin has reached the Holy One.' 
Then he took me to Las Vegas. 
'This is Sodom and Gomorrah! All of this, in one day it will burn!' 
Then he showed me the state of New York. 'Do you know what this is?' He asked. 
I said, No. 
He said, 'This is New York. This is Sodom and Gomorrah! In one day it will burn!' Then he showed me all of Florida. 'This is Florida. This is Sodom and Gomorrah! In one day it will burn!'… Dumitru stated he was told America would burn because if it's sin: This country will burn! 
I said, what will you do with the Church? He said, 
'I want to save the Church, but the churches have forsaken Me …The people praise themselves. The honor that the people are supposed to give Jesus Christ, they take upon themselves. In the churches there are divorces. There is adultery in the churches. There are homosexuals in the churches. There is abortion in the churches; and all other sins that are possible. 
Because of the sin, I have left some of the churches. You must yell in a loud voice that they must put an end to their sinning. They must turn toward the Lord. The Lord never gets tired of forgiving. They must draw close to the Lord, and live a clean life. If they have sinned until now, they must put an end to it, and start a new life as the Bible tells them to live.' Dumitru asked how these things would happen: 
'Remember this, Dumitru. The Russian spies have discovered where the nuclear warehouses are in America. When the Americans will think that it is peace and safety – from the middle of the country, some of the people will start fighting against the government. The government will be busy with internal problems. Then from the ocean, from Cuba, Nicaragua, Mexico,… (He told me two other countries, but I didn't remember what they were) … they will bomb the nuclear warehouses. When they explode, America will burn!' 
What will you do with the Church of the Lord? How will you save the ones that will turn toward you? I asked. He said, 
'Tell them this: how I saved the three young ones from the furnace of fire, and how I saved Daniel in the lions den, is the same way I will save them.'… 
'Israel doesn't want to recognize Jesus Christ. They put their faith in the Jewish people in America. But, when America burns, the Lord will raise China, Japan, and other nations to go against the Russians. They will beat the Russians and push them all the way to the gates of Paris. Over there they will make a treaty, and appoint the Russians as their leaders. They will then unite against Israel. 
When Israel realizes she does not have the strength of America behind her, she will be frightened. That's when she will turn to the Messiah for deliverance. That's when the Messiah will come. When I heard all of this I said, 'If you are truly the angel of the Lord, and everything you have told me is true, then all you have said must be written in the Bible.' 
He said, 'Tell everyone to read from Jeremiah 51:8-15, Revelation Chapter 18, and Zechariah Chapter 14 , where Christ fights against those who possess the earth. Only a few short years ago, Duduman's chilling prophetic warning seemed unfathomable. The Cold War was over. Russia and America were no longer enemies. 
Thanks to Barack Obama, John Kerry, and Hillary Clinton, war with Russia is on the horizon again, if not imminent. We are reminded the fact that judgement begins with the house of God . 1 Peter 4:17 
Will God's people in America repent, and delay God's wrath? 
If My people, who are called by My Name, will humble themselves and pray and seek My face and turn from their wicked ways , then I will hear from heaven, and I will forgive their sin, and I will heal their land. 2 Chronicles 7:14 Ahead of the elections, we call on God's people in America to take Saturday 10/29 as a day of repentance with sackcloth, ashes, and fasting. Behold, the Lord 's hand is not shortened, That it cannot save; Nor His ear heavy, That it cannot hear. But your iniquities have separated you from your God ; And your sins have hidden His face from you , So that He will not hear . For your hands are defiled with blood, And your fingers with iniquity; Your lips have spoken lies, Your tongue has muttered perversity. No one calls for justice, Nor does any plead for truth… 
Their feet run to evil, And they make haste to shed innocent blood; Their thoughts are thoughts of iniquity; Wasting and destruction are in their paths. The way of peace they have not known, And there is no justice in their ways; They have made themselves crooked paths; Whoever takes that way shall not know peace… 
We look for justice, but there is none; For salvation, but it is far from us. For our transgressions are multiplied before You, And our sins testify against us; For our transgressions are with us, And as for our iniquities, we know them: In transgressing and lying against the Lord , And departing from our God, Speaking oppression and revolt, Conceiving and uttering from the heart words of falsehood. Justice is turned back, And righteousness stands afar off; For truth is fallen in the street , And equity cannot enter. So truth fails, And he who departs from evil makes himself a prey… Then the Lord saw it, and it displeased Him That there was no justice. He saw that there was no man, And wondered that there was no intercessor; Therefore His own arm brought salvation for Him; And His own righteousness, it sustained Him. For He put on righteousness as a breastplate, And a helmet of salvation on His head; He put on the garments of vengeance for clothing, And was clad with zeal as a cloak. According to their deeds, accordingly He will repay , Fury to His adversaries, Recompense to His enemies; The coastlands He will fully repay. So shall they fear The name of the Lord from the west , And His glory from the rising of the sun; When the enemy comes in like a flood, The Spirit of the Lord will lift up a standard against him. 'The Redeemer will come to Zion, And to those who turn from transgression in Jacob,' Says the Lord . – Isaiah 59 Dumitru's full amazing story Through the Fire Without Burning can be found here : Excerpts from Through the Fire Without Burning by Dumitru Duduman, Published by Hand of Help, Inc . This entry was posted in World News and tagged Is America Mystery Babylon , Mystery Babylon , nuclear war , Putin WW 3 , Repent , repentance , Russia WW 3 , Teshuva , WW 3 . Bookmark the permalink . Post navigation

ARTICLE

Tweet Home » Headlines » World News » It's A Setup: Dems Claim Russians Will Undermine Elections With Fake Documents Showing Voter Fraud 
The narrative now is that the Russians are either going to compromise the Presidential election by outright hacking it, or, they will simply pretend that they compromised the elections by posting fake documents proving voter fraud. 

From Mac Slavo, SHTFPlan : 
If the election fraud narrative, cyberattack and rigged voting machines haven't yet thoroughly confused the American voting public, maybe the latest report from Reuters will do the job. 
According to Reuters, U.S. voting authorities are now warning that while the Russians may not actually hack the Presidential election, they may fake hacking the Presidential election. 
What they're saying without actually saying it is that if Hillary Clinton wins the election and Trump supporters show proof of any fraudulent activity, the 'proof' will have been fabricated by… The Russians. 
Joe Joseph Explains: 
This is the height of desperation for the mainstream media and The-Powers-That-Shouldn't-Be because they know that they've been manipulating elections for a very long time now… 
Watch at Youtube 
It sounds almost too crazy to believe, but this is now being disseminated to the public via mainstream pipelines: 
U.S. intelligence and law enforcement officials are warning that hackers with ties to Russia's intelligence services could try to undermine the credibility of the presidential election by posting documents online purporting to show evidence of voter fraud. 
The officials, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said however, that the U.S. election system is so large, diffuse and antiquated that hackers would not be able to change the outcome of the Nov. 8 election. 
But hackers could post documents, some of which might be falsified, that are designed to create public perceptions of widespread voter fraud, the officials said. 
They said that they did not have specific evidence of such a plan, but state and local election authorities had been warned to be vigilant for hacking attempts. 
Source: Reuters 
So, according to this latest report, the Russians are either going to compromise the Presidential election by outright hacking it, or, they will simply pretend that they compromised the elections by posting fake documents purporting to show voter fraud. 
Either way, it was the Russians. 
Trust us. On Sale At SD Bullion… This Week Only… This entry was posted in World News and tagged Donald Trump , Hillary Clinton , Hillary vote fraud , vote fraud . Bookmark the permalink . Post navigation

ARTICLE

By Stewart Dougherty: 
' There never was a democracy yet that did not commit suicide.' – John Adams, 2 nd President of the United States of America The 2016 United States presidential race was never intended to be an election. Rather, it has been psychologically engineered from the beginning to be a for-profit overthrow of America by an increasingly powerful and predatory establishment cabal, which seeks not just power, but full-spectrum dominion over the nation's people, wealth and institutions. It has been rigged to be the exact opposite of an election: namely, a planned regime change that will then falsely be called after the fact an 'election outcome,' 'popular mandate' and 'expression of the will of the people.' It will deliver a multi-trillion dollar post-'election' payday to the establishment insiders who have orchestrated it and nothing but ongoing misery for the people. This 'election' is a carefully crafted coup that will result in the progressive annihilation of American freedom and liberty, personal and financial, for all citizens except those within the Establishment's reach. The longstanding purpose of this election has been to impose upon the people a new national operating system that we have named 'Crony Communism.' (This theme is detailed in our previous article entitled: 'Crony Communism: Hillary Clinton's Game Plan for America.' – LINK ). To effect this regime change, a new psychological syndrome was engineered, using proven techniques that predictably alter the thinking patterns and decision making capabilities of susceptible individuals. Psychological engineering is not science fiction; it is real, powerful and now, and its direct effects are being exhibited today by tens of millions of voters throughout the country. The economic implications of the coming regime change will be monumental – and the financial effects on individuals severe – if people do not take steps now to prepare and protect themselves. We will offer some suggestions in this regard in a follow-up article (Part 2). Our objective in this article is to give you a clear understanding of what is happening, at least as we see it. As readers of our previous Inferential Analytics articles know, prior to naming and describing a particular theme, we provide a snapshot of the contextual landscape so you can understand how the theme developed. Before continuing with the context, we would like to emphasize that we do not earn, or seek to earn one penny from our articles. We write because the themes being created lately by our Inferential Analytics (IA) model are so troubling that we feel a moral obligation to share them. In 15+ years of doing this work, we have never before seen themes as profoundly dystopic as the ones we see today. Our IA themes point to a fundamentally disintegrating American future that we believe 95+% of the people have no idea is coming. The future that IA is indicating will be extremely dangerous for the unaware and unprepared. We believe this is the last chance for the nation to reverse course. We write in order to help people see what is happening. Our motivation is as simple as that. Context for the New Theme: From August 23 – 28, 1973, a bank robber by the name of Jan-Erik Olsson unwittingly made a significant contribution to the understanding of human psychology, particularly of the abnormal, or at a minimum, the counterintuitive variety. Olsson robbed Kreditbanken, a bank located in Norrmalmstorg, a neighborhood within the city of Stockholm, Sweden. During the robbery, Olsson took four employees hostage for a period of six days. As their captivity progressed, the hostages began to exhibit positive attitudes toward their captor , which were contrary to the emotions of anger, resentment and rejection that psychologists would have expected in the circumstances. Nils Bejerot, a criminologist, medical professor and researcher who specialized in the study of addiction coined the term 'Stockholm Syndrome' to describe the phenomenon. Even though this term, also known as 'capture-bonding,' was created to describe the behavior of a mere four persons taken hostage during the robbery of a small bank in a small neighborhood of a relatively small city in a small country, it immediately struck a global chord. It became and remains one of the best known medical and psychological syndromes in the world, and has extraordinary name recognition to this day not just among experts, but common people as well. In Bejerot's diagnosis, those with Stockholm Syndrome develop favorable feelings of trust and/or affection toward their captor(s); negative feelings toward those (e.g., the police) who are trying to rescue them from their captor(s); provide support and assistance to their captor(s); and at a certain point exhibit a lack of desire to be rescued from their captor(s) at all. The fact that the term went internationally viral shortly after its announcement begged the question, 'Why?' The answer appeared after additional research into the syndrome was conducted. It turned out that the Stockholm Syndrome can also develop among a much larger prospective cohort that includes abused women and children; POWs; concentration camp prisoners; cult members; and incest victims. The term 'Stockholm Syndrome' shone a verbal light onto a far broader psychological phenomenon that until then had been lingering in the shadows. The discovery of the Stockholm Syndrome, which is tangential to a powerful and potentially extremely dangerous psychological condition known as 'identifying with the aggressor,' proved that people can actually come to admire an individual (or individuals) who commands, controls, exploits and abuses them. This was excellent news for psychopathic predators of all kinds, whose dirty work just got easier for them, and bad news for everyone else. Perhaps it should be no surprise that predators in greater and greater numbers have been running amok ever since. In fact, one of the emerging themes we track is 'Predation.' Predation is a serious problem in our world, and it is spinning out of control according to the data we analyze. The Clinton Syndrome At Inferential Analytics, we have zeroed in on what we believe is the most sweeping psychological syndrome ever discovered. It affects literally tens of millions of people, and has no parallel in scale, scope or consequence that we can find in medicine or psychology. We have named it the 'Clinton Syndrome,' after career politician Hillary Clinton. The Clinton Syndrome, a variant of Stockholm Syndrome, is a condition in which a voter develops positive feelings about and favorably identifies with a politician who has demonstrated, over a period of decades, a consistent behavior pattern of dishonesty, deceit, avarice, corruption, secretiveness, paranoia, rage, volatility, graft, dissembling, insincerity, disdain, theft, abusiveness, hypocrisy, scapegoating, lawlessness, subversion, war-mongering, nation-state destruction and murder. (In our view, state-sponsored murder is ordinary murder dressed up in false righteousness and rouge, and is actually more despicable.) While the named malignant characteristics are many, every single one of them has been exhibited, most on a repeated basis spanning decades, by Hillary Clinton. These lifelong behaviors have been documented time and again by numerous, non-related sources; are no longer conjecture but proven fact; and are simply beyond dispute or debate. Taken in the aggregate, they define what we call a 'political predator.' It is worth mentioning that the abnormal psychological characteristics exhibited by sexual and political predators are similar, and that these two birds of a feather sometimes come together; like attracts like. We want to emphasize that Inferential Analytics is a wholly apolitical forecasting method. Furthermore, we are not engaged in politics as campaigners, donors, lobbyists, strategists, bundlers, organizers, advisors, consultants, supporters, sycophants or in any other way whatsoever. We are researchers, and we solely study the cards that history tosses onto the table of time and events. Truth is our only agenda, though finding it can be difficult and expensive. In our corrupt, dishonest world, Truth, is endlessly hunted down by Falsehood, its armed, dangerous, dirty and extremely well-funded enemy. Truth has been forced into exile in order to survive, and only rarely makes a public appearance, as it fleetingly has, for example, on the balcony of the Ecuadorian Embassy in London. Getting back to the Clinton characteristics, we know for a fact that Hillary Clinton has repeatedly lied to Congress and to the people; that as Secretary of State, she threw entire nations into chaos. In one instance alone, Libya, this resulted in the murder and maiming of tens of thousands of innocent civilians, and the grotesque execution of its leader, about which she joked and laughed: 'We came; we saw; he died.' [Starts cackling]; that she and her husband stole furniture from the White House when they left it in 2001, which they subsequently were forced to return in what to normal people – but not to them – would have been shame; and that subsequently, while a centi-millionaire, she stole furniture from the State Department and placed it in her own house, demonstrating cheapness and kleptomania of an almost unbelievable magnitude; that she has shown sheer, utter, holier-than-thou disdain for those who hold beliefs, ideals and/or religious convictions different from her own (the 'irredeemable' 'deplorables'; Roman Catholics; conservative Christians; etc.); that she has been verbally and sometimes physically abusive toward her personal staff, colleagues and even the Secret Service personnel who risk their lives to protect her; that her temper is explosive, as reported by a large number of independent sources who have witnessed her rages first hand; that she has openly admitted to being a hypocrite who says one thing in private, and a totally opposite thing on the same subject in public, in order to pander to the particular audience she is addressing at the time and thereby hustle votes; that the 'Pay for Play' collusion between Secretary of State Clinton and her family 'Foundation' has been rampant and involves epic dollar sums; that she now endlessly needles, scolds and provokes Russia, a major nuclear power, after her 'Foundation' (better known as a Slush Fund) accepted a $120,000,000.00 ($120 MILLION) bribe in exchange for her greenlighting a Russian deal to purchase 20% of America's limited uranium reserves. She does this to demagogically deflect attention away from her corruption and graft; that the Middle East is littered with the corpses of the innocent thanks to her deadly, reckless, insouciant and vicious war-mongering and military adventurism; that she, her husband and her cabal have subverted the very heart of U.S. law enforcement and justice, at the highest levels of its institutions, for personal political gain; that she deserted her post, lifted not a finger to assist and thereby issued a death sentence against four American heroes in Benghazi, and then repeatedly lied through her teeth about the incident, even to the victims' heartbroken parents; that she lies and waffles about her support for secret, establishment 'treaties' such as the TPP, which is reviled by the people but held up by her in private as 'the gold standard,' only to back down when she was caught red-handed in her dishonesty and hypocrisy; that she accepts millions of dollars in 'donations' and 'speaking fees' (aka, bribes) from Wall Street plutocrats, and then has the gall to tell everyday voters that she's behind them, and is going to bring Wall Street to heel; that her family 'Foundation' actually stole disaster relief donations made to help some of the poorest and most unfortunate people on earth, the Haitians, demonstrating greed gone exponential; that she totally disregards the Rule of Law, which to her is for the Little People, and replaces it with the Rule of Hillary, which exists only for her and over which she is the sole adjudicator; that she believes in 'totally open borders,' something completely rejected by the American people and diametrically opposed to any form of common sense and that was only revealed when private documents never intended to be seen by the public were released; that she and her family Slush Fund gladly accept millions from the leaders of countries known for subjugating women and throwing gay people off of roof tops, and then has the sheer hypocrisy to court the votes of women and gays, saying she's got their backs; and the list goes on and on and on, year after year after year. Her tricks, schemes and gambits are not one-off, occasional departures from decent, moral and respectable behavior. Rather, it is as if they are chiseled on a granite tablet as her personal 'Ten Commandments' and standard operating procedures. ('Thou Shalt Lie;' 'Thou Shalt Steal;' 'Thou Shalt Be a Hypocrite;' 'Thou Shalt Find Murder Hilarious,' etc.) They are Hillary's own, homespun 'Rules for Radicals,' perhaps also dedicated by her to Lucifer, just as her role model and hero Saul Alinsky's 'Rules' were dedicated to Lucifer, literally . Her personal commandments and way of behaving will tear this nation to shreds if she is empowered to continue on her path, with impunity, as President of the United States, and becomes backed by the vast, militarized government enforcement network that will be used to silence any critics of her destructiveness, corruption and criminality. None of these Clinton facts is disputable. They are documented, cross-documented, confirmed and undeniable. The scandals in which she is endlessly embroiled are real, and we all know they are real. Yet astonishingly, there remain millions of voters who completely ignore these facts, and remain supportive of Clinton's presidential candidacy. Out of a duty to truth, we have an obligation to ask ourselves: 'What is going on here?' Inferential Analytics is about identifying existing themes, inferring the likely full-blown realities that will grow out of those themes, and then forecasting the changes such full-blown realities will create. The theme here is self-evident: the Clinton Syndrome is real, and is propelling Clinton to a possible presidential victory. That the Clinton Syndrome exists is the only possible explanation for the fact that millions of people actually voted for her in the primary elections, and that millions more already have or are going to vote for her in the national presidential 'election,' despite her ignominious past. The next phase, which we will know late in the evening of November 8, 2016, could be the full-blown reality of a Clinton presidency, should she be elected. This would demonstrate that the Clinton Syndrome had overtaken the minds of a majority of voters. The fact is that the Clinton Syndrome makes no logical sense. It makes no logical sense for a voter to think favorably about a lifelong political predator who has immersed herself in nothing but scandal, corruption, criminality, lies, chaos and destruction. Given that it is not logical, normal or comprehensible, the question becomes, 'How on earth did the Clinton Syndrome come about in the first place?' The Clinton Syndrome is the product of the most sophisticated psychological engineering campaign ever unleashed upon the mind of humankind. It reflects a relentless, non-stop, multi-year, multi-originated, multi-faceted bombardment of the American psyche with propaganda, brainwashing, mind control and massive lies. Hitler was good at this kind of thing, but his tactics were in the Dark Ages compared to the hyper-sophisticated techniques being used upon Americans today to mass-activate the pathological Clinton Syndrome. This carpet-bombing of the American mind with weapons of mass mental destruction does not require anything even close to 100% effectiveness in order to create the planned electoral outcome. If roughly 70,000,000 voting age Americans succumb to it, the Clinton Syndrome will be victorious. This will result in a for-profit crony communist regime change taking place in the United States. The payoff for the cronies will be in the multiple trillions of dollars in Clinton's first term alone, which explains the enormous effort that has gone into the deliberate establishment warping of the American consciousness. The barrage of psychological engineering has been orchestrated, conducted, aided and abetted by an establishment cabal that includes the Mainstream Media, including every single major television network; every single mainstream radio station; virtually every single major city newspaper; every non-major-city newspaper that runs syndicated, mainstream columns; every major website running on-screen advertisements; all search engine providers that skew search results; all leading social media operators; every mainstream magazine; the DNC and the RNC (the latter of which has done basically nothing to support and everything possible to undermine its candidate); a huge percentage of existing politicians including dozens of turncoat establishment Republicans who are cashing in on the current corruption and are adamantly opposed to any kind of change and who are therefore torpedoing their party's candidate at every turn; professional, violence-funding regime change agitators such as Soros; virtually all of Wall Street and the financial establishment; the Federal Reserve System which has printed trillions of dollars' worth of counterfeit dollars to keep the false illusion of normalcy alive; government agencies such as the BLS that concoct phony numbers to support the Big Economic Lie; countless other cronies who stuff billions in their pockets from the endemic corruption; and even the Director of the FBI, the Attorney General, the President of the United States and his wife. A full listing of the individuals, corporations and institutions that have purposefully created the Clinton Syndrome would require dozens of pages of single-spaced text to fully disclose. It is no wonder that it has been triggered en masse. This is historic. There has never in our history been such a coordinated establishment onslaught against one and for the other candidate in a national presidential election. As they say, 'follow the money,' and that is what this election is all about. It has absolutely nothing to do with the good of the people, or the nation. Cronyism and its filthy lucre stink to high Heaven, and that is the foul odor you smell all around you. Central to the triggering of the Clinton Syndrome has been a litany of campaign lies and political bribes. The citizens have been told that already broke Social Security will be broadened to cover millions more people no matter whether they have paid into it or not; thet already-broke Medicare and Medicaid will be expanded; that student debts will be wiped out; that college will be free; that free or subsidized, universal health care is assured; that massive, government-funded infrastructure projects will create high-wage jobs that they can get; that wages will be increased and equalized; and that a wide array of additional welfare programs, subsidies and government giveaways await, as long as voters turn over their minds to the Clinton Syndrome. Clinton pre-empts voters who might wonder and ask, 'Who is going to pay for all of this?' by telling them that, of course, it is the 'rich' who will pay for it. As Clinton has repeatedly stated in her speeches and during the debates, 'we're going to go where the money is.' This is pure communistic cant and the rank politicization of envy, which cynically feeds upon the financial despair of millions of American citizens. The people's financial morass has, in fact, been directly created by career political predators like Clinton herself, whose policies have robbed the nation blind and plunged it into over $120,000,000,000,000.00 ($120 trillion) of existing and contingent debt that can never possibly be repaid in dollars bearing any monetary resemblance whatsoever to the dollars existing today. America's debt will be repaid in the equivalent of hyper-inflated Venezuelan bolivars, if the debt holders are lucky. In the final debate, on three separate occasions, Clinton said, 'I will not add one penny to the debt.' This lie is so preposterous that they should have ended the debate the first time she said it, sent everyone home, and turned off the lights. The government's own statistics, generated by such agencies as the Office of Management and Budget show beyond a shadow of a doubt that the nation's deficit and debt crises are spiraling out of control, and this is without including Clinton's proposed, radical expansion of crony communistic state spending. Every single 'tax the rich' scheme hatched in the past by political hacks has failed, from 'millionaire taxes' to 'luxury goods taxes.' Not one of them has brought in the expected revenues, and virtually all of them have been discontinued because they were abject failures. The idea that her 'tax the rich' schemes will actually pay for massive, full-scale government control of and hegemony over the populace is absurd, and her lie that 'I will not add one penny to the debt' is so egregious that it should be prosecutable in a court of law. Unfortunately, most Americans, who are just struggling to get by, don't have the time to fact-check a professional liar's lies. On November 9, 2016, should the Clinton Syndrome psychological engineering scheme prevail, we project that somewhere in the order of 100,000,000 Americans, primarily its producers, will feel something more powerful than anger: grim resolve. They will know deep in their hearts that the nation they have known and loved is gone, and that it is never coming back. They will know deep in their minds that the malignant ethics of corruption, looting, immorality and structural inequality that stand at the very foundation of crony communism will seep into and infect every aspect of their lives. They will know that the exorbitant cost of crony communism will not just impoverish them financially, but will destroy the plans, hopes and dreams for the future that they and their loved ones hold dear. They will know in their souls that their freedom and liberty have been sacrificed once and for all upon the establishment's dark altar of greed. And they will do something about it. We believe the United States is on the cusp of a combined 'John Galt' and 'Gresham's Law' event, the economic implications of which will be unprecedented and profound. We believe that millions of productive Americans will refuse to be serfs to a corrupt, crony communistic, regime, and that they will quietly but effectively begin to shut down. The 'people of the mind,' the honest, decent, hard-working, entrepreneurial, productive, tax-generating citizens are going to say, 'No more.' They are not going to work 60 hours a week for scraps, only to enrich crony communist plunderers who will live like kings and queens while producing nothing but exploitation. The producers are going to give the middle finger to the money sucking political predators who rant about how they are 'going to go where the money is' to pay for their false, arithmetically impossible, dishonest, bankrupting, vote-bribing 'promises' and schemes. At the same time, the bad money of crony communism will 'drive' into safety and sanctuary the good money to which financially intelligent people will move. Those of you who have gotten this far in the article already know exactly what we mean. And no matter how many commands, controls and executive orders the crony communists pile on to steal the people's money, they are going to be unpleasantly surprised to find that they end up with next to none of it. Crony communist looters are no match for the ingenuity, resourcefulness, integrity and resolve of everyday, productive American people. Principled American patriots will throw their good money into deep rivers before they hand it over to crony communist plunderers This is the end of Part 1. In Part 2, we will provide additional information about the current landscape, several forecasts, and a short list of general recommendations. Closing Postscript: On a very specific note, if crony communism prevails on November 8 th , we believe that holiday retail sales will deliver an early statement about the unfurling economic consequences. We would project a major miss. Despite the miss, the aggregate number will still be overstated, because we forecast that the prudent will begin to make large investments in independence. These people will not be buying gifts; they will be buying what they need to opt out and hunker down. We recommend that analysts carefully parse the holiday retail sales numbers, because deep under the surface they will almost certainly express, in dollar terms, our notion of 'grim resolve.' The mainstream business media will completely miss what is really happening. The real retail sales story will be told by very specific line items, not the aggregate data. The informational gold will be hidden deep in the underground, as always. Stewart Dougherty Stewart Dougherty is the creator of Inferential Analytics, a forecasting method that applies to events proprietary, time-tested principles of human instinct, desire and action. In his view, forecasting methods not fundamentally based upon principles of human action are unlikely to be reliable over time. He is a graduate of Tufts University and Harvard Business School and has developed IA over a period of 15+ years. This entry was posted in Finance News and tagged Clinton Syndrome , Donald Trump , Hillary Clinton , Stewart Dougherty . Bookmark the permalink . Post navigation

ARTICLE

If Donald Trump Wins The Election, It Will Be The Biggest Miracle In US Political History Posted on Home » Headlines » World News » If Donald Trump Wins The Election, It Will Be The Biggest Miracle In US Political History 
Are we about to see the largest election day miracle of all time? 

From Michael Snyder : 
Because as I will show in this article, that is precisely what it is going to take in order for Donald Trump to win. Before I go any further, I want to make it exceedingly clear that I am not saying what the outcome will be on November 8th. As I recently told a national television audience, I do not know who is going to win. 
In this article I am simply going to examine the poll numbers and the electoral map as they currently stand. But in this bizarre election things can literally change overnight, and it is entirely possible that we could still have another 'October surprise' or two before it is all said and done. And without a doubt Donald Trump desperately needs something 'to move the needle', because if the election was held today Hillary Clinton would almost certainly win. 
What we have witnessed so far during the 2016 election season has been absolutely unprecedented. Just consider some of the things that we have seen up to this point in time. 
We have never had a bigger 'October surprise' than the release of the lewd audio tape from 11 years ago in which Donald Trump claimed to grope women without their consent. 
We have never seen the mainstream media openly attack a presidential candidate as much as they have attacked Donald Trump. In the past, the big mainstream news outlets at least pretended to be fair and balanced, but this year they have completely discarded all notions of objectivity. 
They should be completely and utterly ashamed of themselves, and no matter who wins the election they will never be able to get their integrity back. 
We have also never seen a major party at war with itself this close to a presidential election. It has been said that a house divided against itself will surely fall, and a whole host of prominent Republican leaders have been openly attempting to sabotage the Trump campaign. 
If Donald Trump is able to overcome all of these factors, it truly will be a miracle of Biblical proportions. 
As it stands at the moment, however, the numbers are looking quite ominous for Trump. Right now, the Real Clear Politics average of national polls has Hillary Clinton ahead by 6.2 percent. Most political experts consider that to be an insurmountable lead at this stage in the game. 
But even if Trump can close that gap and pull ahead, that does not mean that he will win the election. In fact, Trump could beat Clinton by millions of votes nationally and still lose. 
In order to win the election, one candidate has got to get to 270 electoral votes. And on the latest Real Clear Politics electoral map, 262 electoral votes are being projected to go to Hillary Clinton, 164 electoral votes are being projected to go to Donald Trump, and 112 electoral votes are in the 'toss up' category. 
So unless something dramatically changes, Donald Trump is essentially going to have to run the table in all of the closely contested states in order to win, and the mathematical odds of that happening are extremely slim. 
Let's take a closer look at this. The first thing that Donald Trump is going to have to do in order to get to 270 electoral votes is to win all of the states that Mitt Romney won in 2012. That would get him up to 206 electoral votes. 
Unfortunately, it looks like that may be very difficult to do. Romney won North Carolina, but the six most recent polls all have Clinton ahead in that state. Romney also won Arizona, but the most recent poll to be taken there has Clinton ahead by five points. 
But for a moment, let's assume that Trump can win all of the states that Romney won. On top of that, there are four other states that Trump must win… 
#1 Trump must win Florida's 29 electoral votes. Without Florida, Trump has no realistic path to 270 electoral votes. So on election night if it is announced that Trump has lost Florida, you might as well turn off your television and go to bed because Trump is going to lose the election. 
Unfortunately for Trump, four recent major surveys all show Trump down by four points in the Sunshine state. 
#2 Trump must win Ohio's 18 electoral votes. No Republican has ever won the presidency without winning Ohio, and the two most recent major surveys show that Trump and Clinton are tied in the state. 
#3 Trump must win Iowa's 6 electoral votes. Fortunately for Trump, most recent surveys show him actually leading in Iowa. 
#4 Trump must win Nevada's 6 electoral votes. At this point that is looking like it will be very tough to do, because all of the recent polls have Clinton leading in Nevada, including the most recent one that has her up by 7 points. 
If Donald Trump can win those four states, that still does not get him to 270 electoral votes. Instead, it gets him to 265 electoral votes, and so he would still need one more medium-sized state to win. 
The most likely candidates for that last state are Pennsylvania, Michigan, Wisconsin or Minnesota. Unfortunately for Trump, Clinton appears to have big leads in all four of those states right at this moment. 
But even if Trump can somehow pull off a miracle and squeak past the 270 electoral vote mark, the truth is that Utah could still mess everything up. 
Do you remember Evan McMullin? 
He was the third party 'conservative alternative' candidate that was hyped for a couple of days but that seemingly fell off the map afterwards. 
He is only on the ballot in 12 states, but one of those states is Utah, and it turns out that Evan McMullin is a Mormon. 
Many Mormons believe that a Mormon will be elected president someday when the U.S. Constitution hangs 'like a thread'. According to this belief, this Mormon president will turn the country around and all sorts of wonderful things will start to happen. Many Mormons thought that Mitt Romney was going to be this president, but now Evan McMullin has become the target of these expectations. 
So how in the world could Evan McMullin become president? 
Well, their plan is to have Evan McMullin win Utah, and that could potentially keep both Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton from both getting to 270 electoral votes if the election is super close. If that happens, the election would be thrown into the House of Representatives. 
It is being projected that the House will still be controlled by the Republicans after this election, and so the choice would come down to either Trump or McMullin, and those backing McMullin believe that he would have a realistic shot in that scenario. 
I know all of this sounds very strange, but this is actually being discussed around family dinner tables all over Utah tonight. 
And in recent days Evan McMullin has been soaring in Utah. One recent survey shows Trump with a one point lead over McMullin, and another recent survey actually show McMullin leading Trump by four points in the state. 
So Trump could pull off a miracle and do everything else that he needs to do to get to 270 electoral votes, and Utah could end up messing up everything for him. 
In addition, it is also very important to keep in mind that Trump could actually get all of the legitimate votes that he needs to win and still have it stolen from him by election fraud. There was widespread evidence of 'funny business' in 2012, and this is something that I detailed for a live studio audience down at Morningsideearlier this month… 
Are you starting to see why I would consider this to be the biggest miracle in American political history if Donald Trump actually overcomes all of these factors and wins the election? 
And we don't have to wait until November 8th to get some indications about how the vote is going to go. Early voting is already taking place is some states, and so far the signs are not encouraging for the Trump campaign. The following comes from CNN… 
Democratic early turnout has stayed steady in North Carolina compared to 2012, while Republicans have dropped by about 14,500. In Nevada, Democrats have a smaller early voting deficit today than they did at this point in 2012. And Democrats are slightly ahead in Arizona in the early vote so far, though they are lagging Republicans in the tally of how many Arizonans have requested ballots. 
Perhaps most surprisingly, Democrats improved their position in conservative and Mormon-heavy Utah, where recent polls have shown a tight race. At this point in 2012, Republicans led Democrats in early voting by more than 22,000 voters. But so far this year, the GOP advantage is only 3,509. 
But if you do want Trump to win, the good news is that we still have more than two weeks before November 8th. 
We have seen some extremely bizarre things happen already in this election, and a miracle is definitely not out of the question. 
In fact, I am of the opinion that it is quite likely that some very strange events could take place between now and early November. So hold on to your hats, because the most interesting portion of the 2016 election may still be ahead of us.

ARTICLE

Tweet Home » Gold » Gold News » The Fundamentals Will Push Gold & Silver To Spectacular Levels – GATA Chairman 
For now the big accumulators of physical gold (China, Russia, India) are content with the current rigged market price of gold as long as the west can continue to make deliveries into these countries. But at some point the west's 'cupboard' will be bare and big buyers will see what the Comex really has in its vaults. It's at that point when the precious metals market will become interesting… From PM Fund Manager Dave Kranzler : 
'Some sort of Black Swan event will come out of nowhere and cause an explosive move in gold and silver' – Bill Murphy on Shadow of Truth 
In the absence of intervention, gold and silver would be trading at a level that is a few multiples higher from they 'trade' now. At some point, some entity will want to take possession of a big 'chunk' of gold or silver and will stand for delivery of the physical with the intent to remove that gold or silver from Comex vaults. 
For now the big accumulators of physical gold (China, Russia, India) are content with the current rigged market price of gold as long as the west can continue to make deliveries into these countries. But at some point the west's 'cupboard' will be bare and big buyers will see what the Comex really has in its vaults. It's at that point when the precious metals market will become interesting. 
There is always the threat that the Shanghai Gold Exchange begins arbitraging out the price difference between the physical market (eastern hemisphere) and paper market (Comex, LBMA). Currentlysilver trades in China's physical settlement market (Shanghai Futures Exchange) at a significant premium to the price on the COMEX paper market. The week of October 17, 2016 the average difference was well above $0.80 per ounce. This represents approximately a 45% difference. 
How large must the difference become before the physical market naturally overwhelms the paper market? The difference in the physical gold market is not quiet as dramatic as the physical silver market, but it seems a natural progression will occur in the not too distant future. 
The physical market is filled with people that are not interested in paper contracts. These people are in real markets located in the eastern hemisphere – China, India and other countries. In these countries gold is either part of the culture or there is an understanding of gold's role as a currency. 
In today's episode with GATA/LeMetropolecafe.com's Bill 'Midas' Murphy about the extreme intervention in the precious metals market and the catalysts that will eventually override the Central Bank intervention. On Sale At SD Bullion… This Week Only…

ARTICLE

October 28, 2016 at 11:28 AM 
Reflecting on the WMD called ZIRP, I conclude that ZIRP is the best evidence of the 'New World (dis)Order WORL' weapon of mass destruction in which we've lived for the last 8 years. This represents the equivalent of having no sheriff in town. 
A simple Occam's Razor view of ZIRP clearly shows interest rates are the equivalent of a sheriff making sure we adhere to the Constitution, both a document that helps insure that monetary rules are followed while being protected against undue harm via the Sheriff's color of authority. 
When rates reflect reality we have a monetary Sheriff watching over our fiscal safety. When rates are zero we see a total absence of law in the world. 
Interest rates are the monetary rule makers and law enforcement that drive the reality of risk and reward. If a person, company or country follows the rule and obeys the normal laws of economics, finance and investment and adheres to some reasonable variant of Say's Law, they are rewarded with reasonable rates that helps them create value,wealth and worth by accessing some form of debt that aids in that growth. The investor is rewarded with a return commensurate with risk. If the same entity runs rampant, disregarding the restraints of interest on their investments, they are called to account and forced to pay for their transgressions. 
When ZIRP drives out the rule of law; the equivalent of the interest rate Sheriff being driven out of town; put out to pasture, the potential for high crimes and misdemeanors ramps upward exponentially. Is it an accident that we have seen the ascension of crime family actions that now brings us to ZIRP and its attendant insanity. The last 60 years has seen the constant unrelenting actions against real money and the reality of interest rates as one of the strongest arbiters the world of finance. ZIRP has replaced the rule of law. 
Is it an accident that we see the criminal rentier class rolling in with heavy weapons, tanks and bombs, whether in a hard kinetic form that destroys entire countries, cities and neighborhoods (banks now have their own armies) or rolling in with their interest rate WDMs? 
This ultra wealthy rentier class strip mines the little wealth remaining in the hands of We, the People with hard force, demented interpretations and variations of good Constitutional law or simply no law except that which they create on the fly, with the aid of a DOJ and FBI complicit i these crimes ( reference our criminal justice system). 
The penumbra of destruction that weighs against the rule of law extends to politics, from the lowest to the highest levels and begets the likes of the Clinton, Bush and Obama Kriminal Klans; AJs like Lorretta Lynch and Holder and bankers like Bernanke, Yellen, Draghi, Blankfein and Dimon, all of whom go on to form new age oligarchies that steal from the people with not a single substantive charge levied or day spend in prison. 
The system is rigged. There is no justice. There's Just Us. 
None of these people suffers the consequences of their predations because they not only have unlimited access to interest free capital, they own the banks that provide them with tens of trillions in capital with which to engage in war against us. They own the armies to hold us in bond and bondage if we raise a challenge to their rapacity and theft of our substance 
If they win a bet against us they make billions or trillions. If they lose a bet against us, we, the tax payers, are forced to make up the losses. Their capital has no cost. Their losses are never charged against the house. Unless it's your house and you're forced to move or are thrown out by some variation of their army or Praetorian guard. 
I'm guessing that these financial rapists will never stop because there is never enough for them. Pitchforks, torches, molotovs and the weight of humanity pressed against our oppressors will win the day and it will take some serious sacrafices and lives to win against these new age feudalists 
On a lighter and better side, the Oregon jury acquitted Aamon Bundy and his friends of all charges. Count one in the win column for the good guys. Now we need to see Cliven Bundy freed from his bondage.

ARTICLE

Clinton Campaign STUNNED As FBI Reportedly Reopens Probe Into Hillary Clinton Emails Posted on Tweet Home » Headlines » World News » Clinton Campaign STUNNED As FBI Reportedly Reopens Probe Into Hillary Clinton Emails 
A SHOCKING blow to the Clinton Campaign emerged unexpectedly Friday as the FBI has reportedly REOPENED probe into Hillary Clinton's email server as 'The FBI has learned of the existence of emails that appear to be pertinent to the investigation.' 


Here we go… 
Yes. Exactly! 
He'll own it once we vote him in there. 
Then he'll pull the plug and drain it and put all those corrupt SOBs in prison. Maybe you too ; ) 
A ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ! 
Drain the swamp! 
Reopened!??!?!??!? 
This monster needs to be opened, all right. 
I'll leave up to the readers to come up with ways to execute that idea. 
How many people were there when Nixon was reelected despite the fact that the Watergate investigation was in full swing? That ended pretty badly for Tricky Dick. And Killer was on the judicial investigation group at this time. This group was lead by a Democrat and he fired Killer for lying. I don't recall the nature of the lie but it was enough to get her fired. 
From Fox News Politics 

FBI Director James Comey wrote in a letter to top members of Congress Friday that the bureau has 'learned of the existence of emails that appear to be pertinent to the investigation.' 
Comey did not detail those emails, saying only that they surfaced 'in connection with an unrelated case.' 
He told lawmakers the investigative team briefed him on the information a day earlier, 'and I agreed that the FBI should take appropriate investigative steps designed to allow investigators to review these emails to determine whether they contain classified information, as well as to assess their importance to our investigation.' 
He said the FBI could not yet assess whether the new material is significant and he could not predict how long it will take to complete 'this additional work.'

ARTICLE

Home » Headlines » World News » Oathkeeper Chapter 8 
A peaceful valley in the mountains of Colorado becomes a battleground pitting the federal government against a rural sheriff's department. Sheriff Bear Ellison finds himself increasingly isolated as he is forced to decide between risking his life protecting a local hero, or reneging on his oath and handing him over to federal prosecutors… 

Chapter 8 
Cold winds poured down off the mountains and swirled in the valley, heralding the end of Indian summer. Billowing cumulonimbus clouds boiled upwards into the stratosphere, dwarfing the fourteen-thousand-foot peaks to the west. The aspen on the northern slopes had lost the last of their leaves and the cottonwoods and willows that clustered in the arroyos and flood plains had turned yellow. The elk had made their way down off the high meadows, and the mule deer were more common, grazing along the shoulders of the highway, sizing up their prospects of safe crossing. 
Sheriff Ellison drove his patrols with a heavy heart. Nguyet had made her decision. She was leaving for Atlanta, and he would soon be alone. He wished his term was over so that he could jettison his responsibilities and join her and his new granddaughter. The visit with Acevedo had cured him of any lingering political aspirations. Despite the DEA's wishes, he never did give a press conference on the accidental shooting. 
What would be the point? he thought. Acevedo was right in one sense. The sheriff would have been held responsible for the shooting, regardless of how he framed it for the public. 
Ellison conceded that he would not be able to reign in the feds. He knew that the populace had most likely also realized this by now, and this painted him in a pastel hue of weakness. He noticed that people in general had become less social and cordial towards him since the botched raid. 'Good morning, Sheriff. How are things?' was replaced with a cursory 'Howdy' or a perfunctory nod, followed by averted eyes. This, along with his wife's looming departure, filled him with a feeling of isolation. The DEA raids would continue, despite his protest. Nguyet had begged him to resign, but he just couldn't. Not at such a chaotic time in his career. 
Ellison's hope was that the county might turn against the DEA occupation. Monte Turcot was a hero, after all, and the shooting of him and his wife was a lightning rod. He hoped that the citizens were beginning to question the value of the DEA's mission, but without effective leadership and organization, they would be helpless to foment any real resistance. 
Ellison knew Acevedo was disappointed that he did not do the requested damage control on the DEA's behalf. He learned of this through a phone call with the governor's office, whom the DEA had contacted to voice their displeasure. They had called him demanding an explanation. 
'There's nothing for my department to communicate,' Ellison had explained over the phone. 'We were not involved in that operation… We have asked DA Chalmers to launch a grand jury investigation… We expect their decision any day… I've ordered Special Agent Acevedo to suspend operations… No, he has not complied… I respectfully disagree with your assessment… I will take the governor's position under advisement…' 
The DEA continued according to their plan. It didn't matter to them what the sheriff or a constituency of 'rancheros and hippy flameouts' thought of their operation. Their mission was ordained by the president. Provincial resistance was futile. Those who stood athwart them would be ignored or swept aside. Acevedo and his agents conducted three more raids after the Turcot shooting, adding to their tally of minor victories in the War on Drugs at a taxpayer cost of over $100,000 per arrest. Thankfully, no one else was shot. 
One afternoon, while on patrol, Ellison received a text on his cell phone. He glanced at it quickly, then turned off the road to change direction. An email from DA Chalmers came moments later. 
'Re: Turcot Shooting,' it read. 'GJ has decided not to pursue.' 
Ellison stepped on the gas. He turned west onto County Road 306 and north just after the golf course, taking Gun Club Road for two miles and over Michigan Ditch where it ended at the intersection of a dirt road running east and west. Ellison turned west, his cruiser's tires throwing up rocks and a plume of dust as he accelerated up the road that led into the hills and evergreen forest. Ten minutes from when he had received the email, he was pulling into Monte Turcot's driveway. He shut off his cruiser, looked at his watch, took a deep breath, then got out and walked up to the door. As he raised his hand to knock, the recognizable pop of gunfire echoed through the trees. Instinctively, Ellison reached down towards his holster. Another shot rang out, then another, and another, in deliberate succession. The sounds were coming from behind Turcot's trailer, where it abutted the woods. 
Cautiously, the sheriff made his way around the trailer, ready to draw if necessary. As he stepped out from behind it, the source of the shooting finally came into view. It was Monte Turcot himself, now bearded and thin, firing rounds into a tree trunk with a small pistol. His back was turned to the sheriff, and a half empty bottle of Jim Beam sat clasped in his other hand. 
'Don't shoot me, Monte. I'm right behind you,' Ellison called. 
Monte staggered a few steps back and lowered his gun. 
'Listen, I came out here to talk to you.' 
Without even acknowledging the sheriff's presence, Monte took a swig from the bottle, his pistol now dangling in his hand like a toy gun at his side. Ellison kept his hand close to his holster and made a quick glance about, looking for cover in the event that Monte had in fact lost his marbles and was mulling over the idea of suicide by cop. 
'Can we talk?' asked Ellison. 
Monte stared into the woods, wobbling, his back still turned to the sheriff. After another swig, he lowered his bottle, holding it so loosely that Ellison wondered if it might slip out and crash on the rocks at his feet. 
'Monte?' 
Monte didn't move. 
'Okay, Monte,' Ellison explained slowly. 'I'm going to go back to my car and check my messages and call in. That'll take me about five minutes or so. Then I'll be on my way. If you want, you can come over and talk. Or call me later. Does that sound okay with you?' 
Monte didn't respond, swaying in the autumn air. A gust of wind blew pine cones off the trees, which landed with a thunk on his trailer's metal roof. Ellison backed away behind the trailer and walked back to his cruiser. Inside, he radioed a quick status report to dispatch and then checked his messages. Nguyet was wondering when he would be home for dinner. His son had emailed pictures of his granddaughter. A reporter from the Gazette wanted to talk about his reelection campaign. Someone had sent a note about a roadkill carcass on the highway north of town. 
Something moved in the corner of his eye. Ellison glanced up and was startled to find the ragged Monte Turcot framed in his windshield. He looked pale, his hair was matted, and his filthy sweatshirt was stained with blood. Ellison looked at his hands. Monte was no longer wielding the pistol, but he still clung to the bottle. From the looks of it, he'd had a few more drinks since the sheriff had arrived. 
Relieved but still cautious, Ellison rolled down the passenger window. 'Get in, Monte.' 
Monte stared back, his blank expression evoking that of a zombie's. Ellison clipped his cell phone into its mount on the dash, then reached over and opened the passenger door. Monte slowly shuffled towards it and got in. 
'How are you holding up, Monte?' Ellison asked. 
'Still here,' he answered in a raspy tone. 
'This is a terrible thing you're going through. I wish there was something I could do to help.' 
'Thanks,' murmured Monte. 
'What's that blood from, on your shirt there?' 
'Tore my hands up chopping wood.' 
'Did you cut yourself?' 
'No.' Monte set his bottle down on the floorboard and presented the palms of his hands to the sheriff. They were covered in blisters, some of which had burst. The tender layer of skin beneath had torn open. 
'You should take care of that,' Ellison warned him. 'It could get infected.' 
'Yeah…you're probably right.' 
'Looks like you did a lot of chopping.' 
'Four cords,' Monte stated quietly. 
'How long did that take you?' 
'I split it all yesterday.' 
'That ought to be plenty to get you through winter in that trailer of yours.' 
Monte stared out the passenger window. The mountains appeared through a break in the ponderosa that lined his drive, their peaks sheathed in the purest of white. 
'It certainly is beautiful out here this time of year,' the sheriff observed. 
'I think I might just walk myself up into those mountains and never come back down,' Monte answered in a quiet, resigned sigh. 'You ever think about doing something like that, Sheriff?' 
'I think about that a lot, Monte. Maybe not exactly like you describe it, but there are a lot of days – too many days – when I think about dropping everything and going away, going away for a while.' 
'I ain't talking about for a while . I'm talking about for good.' 
'You wouldn't be planning on bringing that gun along with you, would you?' asked Ellison. 
'You know, I don't really plan anything, anymore.' Monte looked down at his ravaged hands. 'The future changes day by day. Sometimes I think about going back to active duty again, volunteering for all the action. I thought for sure that was going to be my future yesterday. But then today, I don't think that's such a good idea. Today, I think I've seen enough killing for one lifetime. I don't want any part of that no more. Right now, I wish I'd never joined in the first place.' He shrugged. 'But then again, who knows? Tomorrow, I'll probably wish I never came home.' 
'It's got to be tough, dealing with everything you've been through,' Ellison answered. 'It's too much for one man.' 
'Yeah.' Monte nodded slowly. 'I'm ashamed of the things that I thought about doing yesterday.' 
'What sort of things?' 
'I'm worried about you, Monte.' 
'What do you know about anything, Sheriff?' 
'You're right. I don't know much about what you're going through. I just worry.' 
'Don't.' 
'Monte,' Ellison said, wary of the direction he was about to take the conversation, 'I came out here to check up on you. It doesn't look like you're doing well. I don't think you're out of line or anything, all things considered. I just think you're out here all alone, and that it's not good for you. Is there any way I could talk you into staying with some family for a while? You've got a sister, don't you? Maybe she could come out and stay with you, or you could go visit her.' 
'She lives in Connecticut. She's got four kids.' 
'What about your parents?' 
'They're old, worn down, worn out. I'd be a burden on them. I don't want to deal with them right now, anyway.' 
'Monte…I wouldn't feel right about just leaving you out here without knowing you're going to get some help. Everyone needs help, sometimes. There isn't any shame in that.' 
Monte turned from the window and looked at Ellison. 'So what happened with the grand jury? That's really why you came out here, isn't it? To tell me about that?' 
Ellison felt relieved that Monte had broached the subject first. He hadn't been able to figure out a way to get there gracefully by himself. 
'They concluded that, under applicable law, no criminal charges will be filed against the DEA agent that shot you and your wife. I'm sorry.' He watched as Monte's eyes dimmed in helpless frustration. 'For the record, that's the DA's language, not mine. I think it's wrong.' 
'I can't say that I'm surprised,' Monte replied. He picked his bottle off the floorboards and opened the door. 'I think I'm going to go back inside and lay down for a while.' 
'Okay, Monte. I'll stay out here for a few minutes, if you don't mind.' 
'Don't worry, Sheriff. I'll be all right,' answered Monte. 'I just need to get some rest. These hands are hurting real bad, and I'm pretty drunk.' He stumbled out of the cruiser and staggered slowly back into his trailer, letting the door slam shut behind him. 
Sheriff Ellison waited outside with his window down, listening for a gunshot for over an hour.

ARTICLE

Home » Silver » Silver News » It's Only A Matter of Time: THIS Is What Will Cause Gold Prices to Move in 2017 
'If The Fed Has to Hike Interest Rates to Control Price Inflation, It's GAME OVER!' 
Alasdair MacLeod Joins Us From London to Warn'Its Only A Matter of Time': THIS Is What Will Cause Gold to Move in 2017: 
MacLeod Joins Us For A Crucial Market Update, Discussing: 
No Gold and Silver Correction in Pound Sterling – Gold ROARS in 2016 Risk of Price Inflation Driven By MASSIVE Monetary Inflation – Signs Indicate It's Already Beginning! MacLeod Makes The Case for Gold – Inflation Will Arrive in 2017 – Complete Replica of 1970's Stagflation! Alasdair Explains Why Just 3% Inflation in America Could Trigger Banking Crisis and Financial Collapse! We're In a Depression! If You Subtract Inflation, GDP Has Subtracted Ever Since the Lehman Crisis! 
DOC'S GOLD & SILVER MARKET UPDATE: After delays reported at most of the AP's and wholesalers on nearly all gold coins with gold's dip under $1250, tightness in the physical gold market eased this week and most gold bullion investment coins and bars became readily available again at the wholesale level. 
The Wholesale Silver Market Remains Tight, Mostly Unchanged: 

Wholesale premiums rose again slightly on 90% Junk Silver Coins this week, with supply remaining scarce and delayed. 
After reporting whopping sales last week of nearly 1.5 million 2016 Silver Eagles coins, the Mint reported only 250,00 Silver Eagles sold this weeking, bringing October Silver Eagle coin sales to 3,675,000, and Year to Date Sales to 34,250,500. 
The Sunshine Mint has finally caught up on production of SD Bullion's most popular silver round, the Sunshine 1 oz Walking Liberty rounds which is now back in stock after experiencing 3-4 week delays in early October. 
No major changes to report for the rest of the wholesale silver market over the past week.

ARTICLE

Trump 'Will Probably Win' and Gold 'May Rise $100' Overnight – Jim Rickards Posted on Tweet Home » Gold » Gold News » Trump 'Will Probably Win' and Gold 'May Rise $100' Overnight – Jim Rickards 
In stunning remarks made yesterday, Jim Rickards says that Trump 'will probably win' and, if he does, stock markets will crash 10% and gold will rise $100 over night. 'If Hillary wins nothing happens, if Trump wins you will have an earthquake.' 
From Mark Obyrne : 
Jim Rickards: Trump 'Will Probably Win' and Gold 'May Rise $100' Overnight 
The US election is just two weeks away on November 8th, and one of Hillary Clinton's most vocal critics on the business side is finance commentator and monetary expert Jim Rickards. Jim is in Sydney this week, armed with his latest book, hot off the press entitled 'The Road to Ruin – The Global Elites' Secret Plan for the Next Financial Crisis' and gave an interesting television interview to 'The Business' on ABC Australia. 
Rickards says that Trump 'will probably win' and, if he does, stock markets will crash 10% and gold will rise $100 over night. 
The markets and polls believe Clinton will win and t hat is priced into markets in the same way that a 'Bremain' was priced into markets prior to the 'Brexit' vote. 
Kilkenomics 2016 – Where Comedy Meets Economics 
'If Hillary wins nothing happens, if Trump wins you will have an earthquake.' 
Should Trump win, which looking at the polls is not an impossibility, gold would likely surge $100 per ounce overnight, says Rickards. 
What Hillary did was appalling Rickards says in relation to the Clinton email scandal. There will be 'another reckoning on November 8th' which the market has failed to price in, creating a good scenario for gold. He says you don't have to agree that Trump will win, but agree that that in reality he could win. 
For Rickards, this is an excellent opportunity for investors, particularly those who have an allocation to physical gold which he believes is set to rise in the coming months and years. 
Jim is editor of Strategic Intelligence for Agora Financial as well as the founder of the James Rickards Project: an inquiry into complex dynamics of geopolitics and capital. He is also the author of New York Times bestsellers The New Case for Gold, Currency Wars: The Making of the Next Global Crisis and The Death of Money: The Coming Collapse of the International Financial System. 
Jim's newest book, The Road to Ruin will be published in November and he is appearing at Kilkenomics 2016 where he will speak at a number of events.

ARTICLE

4 EUROPEAN AFFAIRS 
i)ENGLAND 
The pound tumbles after a Northern Irish judge rejected a pair of challenges to the PREXIT process. This removes at least one obstacle to Prime Minister May's plan as it begins to sever ties with the European Union by the end of March 2017: 
( zero hedge) 
ii)The crashing pound causes Apple and other companies to raise their electronic prices: 
( zero hedge) 
iii)London real estate is crashing 
( zero hedge) 5. RUSSIAN AND MIDDLE EASTERN AFFAIRS 
Sooner or later an accident is going to happen: Russia and USA jets in a 'near miss' situation over Syria: 
( zero hedge) NONE TODAY 7.OIL ISSUES 
i)The oil producers have engaged in heavy hedging. If the oil price drops, they will survive but not necessarily the likes of Saudi Arabia and other producing nations: 
( zerohedge) 

ii)WHAT A JOKE!! Iraq and Iran refuse to freeze output and thus WTI plummets into the 48 dollar handle. (courtesy zero hedge) 8.EMERGING MARKETS 
The extremely clever Horseman Capital calls it quits on an emerging fund. These guys are 100% short and now they cannot make money 
(courtesy zero hedge) 9.PHYSICAL STORIES 
i)A huge commentary from Alasdair tonight as he explains how China is manipulating the dollar through its exchange rate and how China is selling its dollar reserves to accumulate commodities like oil and gold. Alasdair is the one who 2 yrs ago claims that China may have over 20,000 tonnes of gold to its credit. 
a must read.. 
( Alasdair Macleod) 
ii)Egon Von Greyerz explains correctly that gold denominated in any other currency than the USA dollar is at close to record levels or near their 2011 highs: 
( Egon Von Greyerz) 
iii)Barrick desperate to sell some of its prized assets. These clowns went to bed with the crooked banks and look at the trouble they are in 
(courtesy Danielle Bochove/Bloomberg) 10.USA STORIES WHICH MAY INFLUENCE THE PRICE OF GOLD/SILVER 
i)At first blush, the estimate for Q3 GDP climbs to 2.9% due to inventory and export gains. This will be adjusted southbound in the next two readings. 
( zero hedge) 
ii)We have pointed this out to you on several occasions: slumping used car prices will be catastrophic for the auto industry due to the heavy subprime auto securitization. Auto loan balances continue to rise. This will be a huge bubble when it burst: 
( zero hedge) 
iii)This kind of shows you the trouble the retail is having in the USA: American Apparel is now preparing a second bankruptcy filing in a year: 
( zero hedge) 
iv)The all important Michigan national consumer confidence crashes to a 2 yr low:The democrats are getting a little nervous. 
( zero hedge/Michigan Consumer Confidence) 
v)Another sign that there is trouble on the economic scene : Healthcare stocks tumble on terrible McKesson earnings; 
( zero hedge) 
vi) Finally we get the Wall Street Journal lashing out at the Clintons for their crimes: 
( Wall Street Journal/.zero hedge) 
vii) a. The big news of the day: the FBI reopens probe into Hillary's emails 
(courtesy FBI/zero hedge) 
vii.b To complicate matters, Ryan issues a statement on the FBI re-opening of Hillary's email scandal: ''Yet again, Hillary Clinton has nobody but herself to blame. She was entrusted with some of our nation's most important secrets, and she betrayed that trust by carelessly mishandling highly classified information. This decision, long overdue, is the result of her reckless use of a private email server, and her refusal to be forthcoming with federal investigators. I renew my call for the Director of National Intelligence to suspend all classified briefings for Secretary Clinton until this matter is fully resolved.' 
and the election is 11 days from today: 
( Paul Ryan/zero hedge) 
vii c. Hillary refuses to comment on the FBI renewal of investigation on her email scandal 
( zero hedge) 
vii dThe new investigation by the FBI commences due to a 'device' which contained new emails and these were discovered as part of an unrelated investigation 
( zero hedge) 
vii. e The odds for a Trump victory just shot up! 
( zero hedge) 
vii f) What a riot: the device is from Huma Abedin and the target is former congressman Weiner who texted sexual messages to an under aged 15 yr old. Obviously there was some good stuff on Hillary on that device 
(courtesy zero hedge) 
viii g Our good friend John Podesta is mighty angry with the re opening of the FBI probe: 
( zero hedge) 

vii h)Here is another strange one!! The White House had no prior knowledge of the new attack on Hillary by the FBI

ARTICLE

HILLARY WILL LAND IN PRISON, NOT THE OVAL OFFICE Posted on Tweet Home » Headlines » World News » HILLARY WILL LAND IN PRISON, NOT THE OVAL OFFICE 
FBI Director James Comey has caved to the pressure of his outraged employees at the FBI, and re-opened the CRIMINAL investigation of Hilary Clinton. With less than two weeks until the election, it would seem that Hilary is more likely to enter a prison cell than the Oval office: 2017 Gold Pandas and 2017 Silver Pandas Are Now Available! Secure Your 2017 Panda Coins Today at SD Bullion! You must be logged in to post a comment. Today's Top Articles Privacy Policy THE ANALYSIS AND DISCUSSION PROVIDED ON SILVERDOCTORS IS FOR YOUR EDUCATION AND ENTERTAINMENT ONLY, IT IS NOT RECOMMENDED FOR TRADING PURPOSES. THE DOC IS NOT AN INVESTMENT ADVISER AND INFORMATION OBTAINED HERE SHOULD NOT BE TAKEN FOR PROFESSIONAL INVESTMENT ADVICE. THE COMMENTARY ON SILVERDOCTORS REFLECTS THE OPINIONS OF THE DOC AND OTHER CONTRIBUTING AUTHORS. YOUR OWN DUE DILIGENCE IS RECOMMENDED BEFORE BUYING OR SELLING ANY INVESTMENTS, SECURITIES, OR PRECIOUS METALS. WE DO NOT SHARE IN YOUR PROFITS, AND THUS WILL NOT TAKE RESPONSIBILITY FOR YOUR LOSSES AS WELL. Search

ARTICLE

Home » Headlines » World News » Breaking: Anthony Weiner Cooperating With FBI Investigation 

Fox News reported moments ago that Anthony Weiner is cooperating with the FBI investigation. Implications? The FBI no longer needs a search warrant to examine the contents of Weiner's laptop seized in the investigation. 
As intelligence agency whisperings have been suggesting for days, We suspect there must be a SMOKING GUN on Weiner's laptop for the FBI to be forced into reopening the investigation. 
For if FBI Director Comey REALLY wanted to conduct a complete investigation including Hillary's thousands of bleached emails, he would simply contact the NSA and request the results of an X-Keyscore search for the results of the email address [email protected] 
The fact that this never happened (despite the fact that the FBI and DOJ assuredly knows of this capability and uses it in the investigation of suspects NOT named Hillary Clinton) indicates to us that the FBI has been forced into this action due to an imminent criminal bombshell regarding Hillary's emails, likely from an intelligence agency insider.

ARTICLE

Home » Headlines » World News » *Breaking: Huma Abedin Thrown Off Hillary's Campaign Plane! 
Whelp, that didn't take long. The fallout has begun for the Clinton Campaign. Huma Abedin has reportedly been thrown under the bus thrown off the plane… 
#Hillarysemail Huma Abedin is not on the plane with #HillaryClinton today. She must be freaking out especially since she signed this doc. pic.twitter.com/KOwI5rN1pW 
— Trump Street Team FL (@ChatRevolve) October 29, 2016 
An image surfaced today of Huma in tears as she learned of the FBI reopening the criminal investigation: Anthony Weiner Gave FBI Permission To Search Devices, No Warrant Needed – https://t.co/tWZiq1T5t8 
And perhaps the biggest news of the today, after Obama's DOJ attempted to cock block Comey's reopened investigation by denying the FBI's search warrant request of Weiner's laptop, Anthony is now fully cooperating with the investigation: Anthony Weiner Gave FBI Permission To Search Devices, No Warrant Needed – https://t.co/tWZiq1T5t8

ARTICLE

October 30, 2016 at 1:18 PM 
Right now we are at a pivot point in this nation's history as important as any time in the past. We have the choice over the next 9 days to elect a woman who has proven time and time again that she and her husband, former president Bill Clinton, operate outside and above the law. Or we can elect a person who appears to represent values quite the opposite of Killer Clinton. 
This Moonpie Mafia's last venture into the Oval Office was filled with scandals from the very minute they entered the White House through their exit, carrying every bit of furniture and silverware they could load in their U-Haul trailer. Their body count runs to the millions when you take into account the destruction of other countries during their despotic reign And Bush was even worse. 
Have we forgotten the nearly 80 men women and children (22)of the Branch Dividians, murdered by armed goons on the direct order of Janet Reno, Killer Clinton's hired assassin and attorney General. 
Did we forget that Madeline Albright, Killer's Secretary of State, when she bragged about a 500,000 body count as an acceptable death toll in Central Europe, as Killer's husband sent in his mercenaries to slaughter innocent civilians in Croatia, Slovakia and Slovenia while supporting puppet regimes and war lords who murdered millions of their peoples through planned genocide. How about Rwanda with the death toll that was well in excess of 500,000. I recall Bill Clinton basically saying 'Ooops. Sorry. I guess I kind of missed that one–hey Monica–how about another blow job. I really get off getting head while I shoot some cruise missiles at the people in Iraq and Afghanistan' It sure defines 'Getting off' 
I guess the memory hole is just that deep. Idiots and morons will elect Killer because they either know nothing of history, don't care about the Clinton's death toll or actually like the idea that this psychopathic murdering mutant bitch might actually be elected to the highest office in the land. Anyone who voted for Killer votes for death by the number and democide by the millions. 
When it comes to Trump, I'm not a fan of his either. But when given the choice of Killer or Trump I am forced to chose between the lesser of two evils. BIG EVIL lives in the skin of Killer Clinton. Whatever lives in the skin of Trump is, I am convinced, is far less a danger to the Republic (in name only) than Killer Klinton and her Blood thirsty Killer Klown Klan

ARTICLE

Home » Headlines » World News » Wikileaks Releases Clinton Foundation BOMBSHELL: 'If This Story Gets Out, We Are Screwed' 'If This Story Gets Out, We Are Screwed' John, I would appreciate your feedback and any suggestions I'm also starting to worry that if this story gets out, we are screwed… We've been waiting for a SMOKING GUN Wikileaks release. Today, it appears we got just that, courtesy an email from Doug Band to Cheryl Mills and John Podesta dated November 12, 2011. 
Band sent Podesta an email concerned that Bill and Hillary's daughter Chelsea was threatening business as usual at the Clinton Foundation, and apparently was concerned the Clinton daughter would discover the true extent of the criminal fraud and corruption, telling Podesta, ' if this story gets out, we are screwed.' Was Comey's FBI letter to Congress on Friday merely a ploy to distract media attention from a SMOKING GUN Wikileaks release? 
Decide for yourself… 
Full Wikileaks email : 
Need get this asap to them although I'm sure cvc [Chelsea Clinton] won't believe it to be true bc she doesn't want to Even though the facts speak for themselves. 
John, I would appreciate your feedback and any suggestions I'm also starting to worry that if this story gets out, we are screwed . Dk [Declan Kelly] and I built a business. 65 people work for us who have wives and husbands and kids, they all depend on us. 
Our business has almost nothing to do with the clintons, the foundation or cgi in any way . The chairman of ubs could care a less about cgi. Our fund clients who we do restructuring and m and a advising the same just as bhp nor tivo do. These are real companies who we provide real advice to through very serious people. Comm head for goldman, dep press secretary to bloomberg, former head of banking, and his team, from morgan stanley for asia and latin am. 
I realize it is difficult to confront and reason with her but this could go to far and then we all will have a real serious set of other problems . I don't deserve this from her and deserve a tad more respect or at least a direct dialogue for me to explain these things. She is acting like a spoiled brat kid who has nothing else to do but create issues to justify what she's doing because she, as she has said, hasn't found her way and has a lack of focus in her life. I realize she will be off of this soon but if it doesn't come soon enough…

ARTICLE

Tweet Home » Headlines » World News » Report: Huma Abedin's Emails On Weiner's Laptop Were In a File Marked 'Life Insurance' 
Federal Agents at the FBI have discovered 650,000 emails on Anthony Weiner's laptop, reportedly hidden in a file marked 'Life Insurance'… 

We reported earlier that Huma Abedin has been kicked off of Hillary's 'Stronger Together' Campaign Plane . 
Perhaps this is the reason? 10,000 new emails found on Huma Abedin and Anthony Weiner's computer and phones. They were in a file marked 'Life Insurance' 

It appears Huma knew her employer rather well… 10,000 new emails found on Huma Abedin and Anthony Weiner's computer and phones. They were in a file marked 'Life Insurance'. #Corruption 
— Morgan Brittany (@MorganBrittany4) October 29, 2016 
Meanwhile, after Obama and the DOJ attempted to 'cock block' (pun intended) Comey's investigation, CBS News reports that search warrant for the emails has now been obtained. 
We suspect this will be a week like no other in the history of American politics.

ARTICLE

Home » Headlines » Finance News » Bond Super Nova: Boston Econ Professor Admits US in Worse Shape Financially Than Russia, Greece, or Italy 
Occasionally, a bit of truth escapes… 

From Greg Hunter, USAWatchdog : 
Boston University Economics Professor Laurence Kotlikoff says, ' So, if you put everything on the books, we're broke, and we've been printing money out the wazoo since 2007 to pay Congress's bills. That's the truth about quantitative easing. We need to have somebody who knows what's going on in the big picture here and has a game plan to get rid of this fiscal gap, and do it without total chaos. If we leave things the way they are, people will view the country as leaderless fundamentally and printing money to pay its bills. 
Then, the expectation will occur, and that's going to raise rates, and that's going to drop bond prices, and that will sink the banks, and, yes, you can have another great recession like Bill Gross is referencing (bond super nova). I've been saying this for decades. The time for the last straw to drop on the camel's back, and when it's going to drop that camel is hard to say. If you look at the fundamentals, and the fundamentals look like that of an emerging country, we are the most indebted developed country relative to GDP of any country around. 
We are in worse shape, I believe, than Russia or Greece, and far worse shape than Italy . ' On Sale At SD Bullion… This Week Only…

ARTICLE

Home » Gold » Gold News » It's Coming… UNPRECEDENTED US BOND DUMPING | Jim Willie 
A dollar collapse is coming… Jim Willie editor of the Hat Trick letter joins Silver Doctors to Sound the Alarm : foreign governments are getting concerned about the Federal Reserve devaluing the U.S. dollar. As a result, foreign governments are dumping U.S. debt at an unprecedented rate. 

Regarding the U.S. presidential election, Willie says the polls and voting machines are rigged. However, Willie remains hopeful that after the election we will be released from this 'fascist dictatorship.' 
Stay tuned to hear The Golden Jackass answer viewers questions! 
Subscribe HERE for free to the Silver Doctors' YouTube channel so you do not miss part 2!

ARTICLE

Scott Adams Explains How You Know the New Emails Are DISQUALIFYING For Clinton Posted on Home » Headlines » World News » Scott Adams Explains How You Know the New Emails Are DISQUALIFYING For Clinton 
How do I know the new emails are THAT BAD? 

While everyone on the left from Harry Reid to Pelosi to former AG Eric Holder are foaming at the mouth over the audacity of James Comey to 'side with Putin' and reopen Hillary's email investigation days before the national election, Dilbert creator Scott Adams explains how he knows the new emails found on Anthony Weiner's laptop are DISQUALIFYING for Hillary Clinton: 
Some say Comey is a political pawn in a rigged system. By that movie script we can explain why he dropped the initial email case. But we can't explain why he's acting against Clinton's interests now. What changed? 

Well, some say Comey had to reopen the case against Clinton after discovering the Weiner laptop emails. If he failed to act, there might be a revolt at the FBI and maybe a whistleblower would come forward . But that leaves unexplained why Comey detailed to Congress how Clinton appeared to be guilty of crimes at the same time he said the FBI was dropping the case. If Comey had been protecting Clinton on the first round, he would have softened his description of her misdeeds, wouldn't he? But he didn't seem to hold back anything. 

And none of those hypotheses explain why the people who know Comey have high regard for his integrity. Comey also has the security of a 10-year appointment as Director, so he has a low chance of getting fired or politically influenced. That's exactly why the job has a 10-year term. Given what we know of Comey before any of the Clinton emails, any movie that casts Comey as an ass-covering weasel is probably making a casting mistake. 

So allow me to offer an interpretation of events that casts Comey as more of a patriot and hero than an ass-covering weasel. Compare my interpretation with whatever movie you have in your head and see which one works best for explaining and predicting. 

My movie says Comey had good evidence against Clinton during the initial investigation but made a judgement call to leave the decision to the American public . For reasons of conscience, and acting as a patriot, Comey explained in clear language to the public exactly what evidence the FBI found against Clinton. The evidence looked daming because it was. Under this interpretation, Comey took a bullet to his reputation for the sake of the Republic. He didn't want the FBI to steal this important decision away from the people, but at the same time he couldn't let the people decide blind. So he divulged the evidence and stepped away, like the action hero who doesn't look back at the explosion. 

In the second act of this movie, Comey learns that the Weiner laptop had emails that were so damning it would be a crime against the public to allow them to vote without first seeing a big red flag. And a flag was the best he could do because it was too early in the investigation to leak out bits and pieces of the evidence. That would violate Clinton's rights. 

But Comey couldn't easily raise a red flag to warn the public because it was against FBI policy to announce a criminal investigation about a candidate so close to election day. So Comey had a choice of either taking another bullet for the Republic or screwing the very country that he has spent his career protecting. 

In this movie, Comey did the hero thing. He alerted the public to the fact that the FBI found DISQUALIFYING information on the Weiner laptop. And he took a second bullet to his reputation. 
How do I know the new emails are that bad? 
I start by assuming Comey is the same man now as the one who was carefully vetted before being hired to protect the integrity of one of our most important institutions. And even Comey's critics concede he's smart. 
So… 

The way you know the new emails are disqualifying for Clinton is because otherwise our hero would have privately informed Congress and honored the tradition of not influencing elections. Comey is smart enough to know his options. And unless he suddenly turned rotten at his current age, he's got the character to jump in front of a second bullet for the Republic. 
According to this movie, no matter who gets elected, we'll eventually learn of something disqualifying in the Weiner emails. 
And we can't say we weren't warned. Comey took two bullets to do it. 

So compare this movie to your own movie and see which one does the best job of explaining the observed facts. And when we find out what is in the Weiner laptop emails, compare that news to my prediction that the information is disqualifying. 
The Persuasion Filter says there is no prefered reality. We all see our own movies. In my movie, Comey's has a consistent personality from start to finish. He starts out his career as a smart, competent patriot and he later proves it by taking two bullets for the Republic. If your movie script has Comey suddenly changing his basic character for this election season, don't expect an Oscar. 
Read more here… It's going to be fun watching this ship burn to the ground…

ARTICLE

Home » Headlines » World News » FBI Discovered Emails Weeks Ago, Stash Includes Classified Emails 'Likely' Deleted By Clinton – Wikileaks 
JACKPOT… 
— WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) October 31, 2016 
Lost in all this is further criminal revelations from Wikileaks regarding donations: Tina Flournoy, Chief of Staff to President Bill Clinton, tells Hillary Clinton campain chair John Podesta: https://t.co/xPuAzjvBEM pic.twitter.com/PhMvUu7m3F 
Meanwhile, Wikileaks begins 'Phase 3' of the Hillary leaks this week: We commence phase 3 of our US election coverage next week. You can contribute: https://t.co/MsNZhrTzTL @WLTaskForce pic.twitter.com/XferJnMGux 
2017 Gold Pandas and 2017 Silver Panda Coins Are Now Available! Secure Your 2017 Panda Coins Today at SD Bullion!

ARTICLE

Home » Headlines » World News » Obstruction of Justice – Hillary Clinton Could Face 20 YEARS In Prison 
Is THIS why James Comey took the UNPRECEDENTED step of notifying Congress of the new investigation? If the FBI discovers that Hillary Clinton altered, destroyed or concealed any emails that should have been turned over to the FBI during the original investigation, she could be charged with obstruction of justice . That would IMMEDIATELY end her political career, and if she was found guilty it could send her to prison for the rest of her life… 

From Michael Snyder : 
In the world of politics, the cover-up is often worse than the original crime. It was his role in the Watergate cover-up that took down Richard Nixon, a nd now Hillary Clinton's cover-up of her email scandal could send her to prison for a very, VERY long time. 
When news broke that the FBI has renewed its investigation into Hillary Clinton's emails, it sent shock-waves throughout the political world. But this time around, we aren't just talking about an investigation into the mishandling of classified documents. I haven't heard anyone talking about this, but if the FBI discovers that Hillary Clinton altered, destroyed or concealed any emails that should have been turned over to the FBI during the original investigation, she could be charged with obstruction of justice. That would immediately end her political career, and if she was found guilty it could send her to prison for the rest of her life. 
I have not seen a single news report mention the phrase 'obstruction of justice' yet, but I am convinced that there is a very good chance that this is where this scandal is heading. The following is the relevant part of the federal statute that deals with obstruction of justice… 
Whoever knowingly alters, destroys, mutilates, conceals, covers up, falsified, or makes a false entry in any record, document, or tangible object with the intent to impede, obstruct, or influence the investigation or proper administration of any matter within the jurisdiction of any department or agency of the United States or any case filed under Title 11, or in relation to or contemplation of any such matter or case, shall be fined under this title, imprisoned not more than 20 years, or both. 
If Hillary Clinton is sent to prison for 20 years, that would essentially be for the rest of her life. 
I have a feeling that the FBI is going to find a great deal of evidence of obstruction of justice in Huma Abedin's emails. But unfortunately there is not likely to be a resolution to this matter before November 8th, because according to the Wall Street Journal there are approximately 650,000 emails to search through… 
As federal agents prepare to scour roughly 650,000 emails to see how many relate to a prior probe of Hillary Clinton's email use, the surprise disclosure that investigators were pursuing the potential new evidence lays bare building tensions inside the bureau and the Justice Department over how to investigate the Democratic presidential nominee. 
Metadata found on the laptop used by former Rep. Anthony Weiner and his estranged wife Huma Abedin, a close Clinton aide, suggests there may be thousands of emails sent to or from the private server that Mrs. Clinton used while she was secretary of state, according to people familiar with the matter. It will take weeks, at a minimum, to determine whether those messages are work-related from the time Ms. Abedin served with Mrs. Clinton at the State Department; how many are duplicates of emails already reviewed by the Federal Bureau of Investigation; and whether they include either classified information or important new evidence in the Clinton email probe. 
Of those 650,000 emails, an inside source told Fox News that 'at least 10,000' would be of interest to the investigation. 
At this point, FBI officials have just begun searching through the emails, after a search warrant was obtained late Sunday evening. The following comes from CNN… 
Government lawyers haven't yet approached Abedin's lawyers to seek an agreement to conduct the search. Sources earlier told CNN that those discussions had begun, but the law enforcement officials now say they have not. 
Either way, government lawyers plan to seek a search warrant from a judge to conduct the search of the computer, the law enforcement officials said. 
But the FBI is reportedly already searching a laptop that was co-owned by Anthony Weiner and Huma Abedin, and no warrant was necessary for that search because Weiner is cooperating with the FBI. 
Many have been wondering why FBI Director James Comey would choose to make such a bold move just over a week until election day. Surely he had to know that this would have a dramatic impact on the election, and it is unlikely that he would have done so unless someone had already found something really big. In addition, Comey was reportedly eager to find an opportunity to redeem himself in the eyes of his peers at the FBI. The following is an excerpt from a Daily Mail article that was written by Ed Klein, the author of a recently released New York Times bestseller about the Clintons entitled 'Guilty As Sin'… 
'The atmosphere at the FBI has been toxic ever since Jim announced last July that he wouldn't recommend an indictment against Hillary,' said the source, a close friend who has known Comey for nearly two decades, shares family outings with him, and accompanies him to Catholic mass every week. 
'Some people, including department heads, stopped talking to Jim, and even ignored his greetings when they passed him in the hall,' said the source. 'They felt that he betrayed them and brought disgrace on the bureau by letting Hillary off with a slap on the wrist.' 
According to the source, Comey fretted over the problem for months and discussed it at great length with his wife, Patrice. 
He told his wife that he was depressed by the stack of resignation letters piling up on his desk from disaffected agents. The letters reminded him every day that morale in the FBI had hit rock bottom. 
So what happens next? 
In the most likely scenario, the FBI will not have time to complete the investigation and decide whether or not to charge Hillary Clinton before the election. This means that we would go into November 8th with this scandal hanging over the Clinton campaign, and that would seem to be very good news for Donald Trump. 
However, it is possible that once the FBI starts searching through these emails that they could come to the conclusion very rapidly that charges against Clinton are warranted, and if that happens we could still see some sort of announcement before election day. 
In the unlikely event that does happen, we could actually see Hillary Clinton forced out of the race before November 8th. 
Once again, this appears to be very unlikely at this point, but it is still possible. 
If Clinton was forced to step aside, the Democrats would need to come up with a new nominee, and that process would take time. In an article later today on The Most Important News I will reveal who I believe that nominee would be. 
In such a scenario, the Democrats would desperately need time to get their act together, and so we could actually see Barack Obama attempt to delay or suspend the election. The legality of such a move is highly questionable, but Barack Obama has not allowed a little thing like the U.S. Constitution to stop him in the past. 
This week is going to be exceedingly interesting – that is for sure. 
The craziest election in modern American history just keeps getting crazier, and I have a feeling that even more twists and turns are ahead. 
It sure seems ironic that Anthony Weiner is playing such a central role this late in the story, and I can't wait to see what is in store for the season finale.

ARTICLE

Home » Headlines » World News » Elite Turn On Hillary Campaign: Only the Deep State Could Be So Precise 
Back in August, I asked Could the Deep State Be Sabotaging Hillary? I think we now have a definitive answer: 

From Charles Hugh Smit h: 
The Deep State's most prescient elements must derail Hillary's campaign to clear a path to Trump's executive team. 
Back in August, I asked Could the Deep State Be Sabotaging Hillary? I think we now have a definitive answer: 'These blast points on Hillary's campaign… too accurate for the Mainstream Media. Only the forces of the Imperial Deep State are so precise.' 
The Mainstream Media is presenting the FBI investigation as a 'lose-lose' situation for embattled FBI Director Comey. If Comey remained quiet until after the election, he would be accused of colluding with the Clinton campaign and its allies in the Department of Justice (sic). 
But in going public, he stands accused by Democrats of 'intervening in an election,' i.e. raising doubts about Hillary's judgement and veracity days before Americans go to the polls. 
Another narrative has Comey's hand forced by the threat of disgusted FBI agents leaking information that would show the FBI caved into political pressure from the Democratic Party and Clinton campaign to keep relevant material out of the public eye until after the election. 
I submit another much more powerful dynamic is in play: the upper ranks of the Deep State now view Hillary as an unacceptable liability . 
The word came down to Comey to act whether he wanted to or not, i.e. take one for the good of the nation/Deep State/Imperial Project. 
As a refresher: the Deep State is the unelected government (also called the invisible or shadow government) that is not as monolithic as generally assumed. 
The neo-conservative globalists who want Hillary to continue pushing their agenda are the more visible camp, but another less visible but highly motivated camp realizes Hillary and her neo-con agenda would severely damage the nation's security and its global influence. It is this camp that is arranging for Hillary to lose. 
The consensus view seems to be that the Establishment and the Deep State see Trump as a loose cannon who might upset the neo-con apple cart by refusing to toe the neo-con line. 
This view overlooks the reality that significant segments of the Deep State view the neo-con strategy as an irredeemable failure . To these elements of the Deep State, Hillary is a threat precisely because she embraces the failed neo-con strategy and those who cling to it. From this point of view, Hillary as president would be an unmitigated disaster for the Deep State and the nation/Imperial Project it governs. 
Whatever else emerges from the emails being leaked or officially released, one conclusion is inescapable: Hillary's judgement is hopelessly flawed. 
Combine her lack of judgement with her 24 years of accumulated baggage and her potential to push the neo-con agenda to the point of global disaster, and you get a potent need for the Deep State's most prescient elements to derail her campaign and clear a path to Trump's executive team. 
Once this path is clear, the management of Trump's executive team can begin in earnest, a management process aimed at disengaging the nation and its global Empire from neo-con overreach. 
If you think this scenario is 'impossible,' let's see how the election plays out before deciding what's 'impossible' and what's inevitable. 
Buy 2017 Gold Pandas and Buy 2017 Silver Panda Coins On Pre-Sale Now! Secure Your 2017 Panda Coins Today at SD Bullion!

ARTICLE

324 324 likes 
His heated rhetoric is a response to the endless episodes of fraud, dirty trick and foul play by the Hillary campaign, as it seems that she will stop at nothing to become the first female POTUS – just the sort of abuse of power that the founders warned about. 
1775-76 erupted in response to a long train of abuses – acts of oppression and hostility listed in the Declaration of Independence that is being largely repeated in modern day America. 
Could Hillary's reported election victory – or Donald Trump's defeat – signal civil unrest and a new wave of resistance, particularly if the results are widely viewed as fraudulent or 'rigged'? Trump, for one, has certainly been talking up the possibility of a stolen election. 
The scenario is plausible enough that the Pentagon and Homeland Security have been carrying out secret drills in the lead up to the election to prepare for the possibility of a martial law response to violence or civil unrest. 
As SHTF detailed in an exclusive report, a whistleblower has come forward on the ominous contingency plan to keep and/or restore order if the populace revolt against the establishment's 'selection' for president: 
If there is any truth to it, the 2016 election could be a kick-off for total tyranny. 
According to an unnamed source – who has provided accurate intel in the past – an unannounced military drill is scheduled to take place during a period leading up to the election and throughout the month after. 
Date: October 30th – 30 days after the election Suspected Region: Northeast, specifically New York 
1st Phase: NROL (No Rule of Law) – drill involving combat arms in metro areas (active and reserve). Source says active duty and reserve service members are being vaccinated as if they are being deployed in theatre. 
2nd Phase: LROL (Limited Rule of Law) – Military/FEMA consolidating resources, controlling water supply, handing out to public as needed. 
3rd Phase: AROL (Authoritarian Rule of Law) – Possible new acronym or term for 'Martial Law'. Curfew, restricted movements, basically martial law scenario. 
Source said exercise involves FEMA/DHS/Military 
At this point, no one can say for certain what will happen in the aftermath of November 8, but it is clear that millions and millions of Americans are dissatisfied with the status quo, troubled about the economic realities perpetuated by the Fed and angry that Hillary may be put in the Oval Office rather than a jail cell, despite a trail of corruption with virtually no end. 
How far will things go? 
And will things ever be reset without a new American Revolution? This entry was posted in World News and tagged Donald Trump , Mac Slavo , Revolution , SHTFPlan , Trump . Bookmark the permalink . Post navigation

ARTICLE

Home » Headlines » World News » End Game: Will Michelle Obama Be The Nominee When FBI Email Investigation Ends Hillary Clinton's Campaign? 
Was THIS the plan all along? 

From Michael Snyder : 
I realize that this headline must sound extremely bizarre, but in this article I will explain why this could actually happen. We have just learned that the FBI has obtained a search warrant that will enable the agency to examine approximately 650,000 emails that are sitting on electronic devices owned by Huma Abedin and her estranged husband Anthony Weiner. 
Now that the FBI is going through these emails, it is unlikely but still possible that a decision about whether or not to charge Hillary Clinton with a crime could be made by November 8th. Of course the most likely scenario is that Hillary Clinton will not be indicted before election day and that Americans will be voting with this scandal hanging ominously over the Clinton campaign. But if the FBI does quickly take action, it is possible that Hillary Clinton could be forced from the race before election day, and that would require the Democrats to come up with a new candidate. 
In fact, there are already calls in the mainstream media for Clinton to willingly remove herself from the race. For example, the following comes from a Chicago Tribune article entitled 'Democrats should ask Clinton to step aside'… 
So what should the Democrats do now? 
If ruling Democrats hold themselves to the high moral standards they impose on the people they govern, they would follow a simple process: 
They would demand that Mrs. Clinton step down, immediately, and let her vice presidential nominee, Sen. Tim Kaine of Virginia, stand in her place. 
Democrats should say, honestly, that with a new criminal investigation going on into events around her home-brew email server from the time she was secretary of state, having Clinton anywhere near the White House is just not a good idea. 
But what the author of that article does not understand is that Tim Kaine would not automatically take her place if Clinton steps down before the election. In a previous article, I included a quote from a U.S. News & World Report articlethat explained what would happen if Hillary Clinton was removed from the Democratic ticket for some reason prior to November 8th… 
If Clinton were to fall off the ticket, Democratic National Committee members would gather to vote on a replacement. DNC members acted as superdelegates during this year's primary and overwhelmingly backed Clinton over boat-rocking socialist Sen. Bernie Sanders of Vermont. 
DNC spokesman Mark Paustenbach says there currently are 445 committee members – a number that changes over time and is guided by the group's bylaws, which give membership to specific officeholders and party leaders and hold 200 spots for selection by states, along with an optional 75 slots DNC members can choose to fill. 
But the party rules for replacing a presidential nominee merely specify that a majority of members must be present at a special meeting called by the committee chairman. The meeting would follow procedures set by the DNC Rules and Bylaws Committee and proxy voting would not be allowed. 
So if this email scandal forced Hillary Clinton to exit the race at the last minute, a majority of the members of the Democratic National Committee would gather to select a new nominee. 
Who would they choose? 
Let's take a look at the top five options… 
#1 Tim Kaine 
He would seem to be an obvious choice since he is Hillary Clinton's running mate. But to win a national campaign you need to have name recognition, and most Americans outside of the state of Virginia have very little familiarity with him. 
And at this point he has proven to have very little popularity on the campaign trail. In fact, attendance at many of his rallies in key swing states can be measured in the dozens. 
So to me it seems unlikely that the DNC would select Kaine as the replacement nominee. 
#2 Joe Biden 
Vice-President Joe Biden has far more name recognition than Tim Kaine does, and in recent days he has been touting how he believes that he would have actually won the nomination if he would have decided to run… 
Vice President Joe Biden said in a recent interview that he believed he could have beat former secretary of state Hillary Clinton for the Democratic presidential nomination had he pursued it. 
Biden was asked in an interview with CNN Saturday if news that the FBI was re-opening their criminal probe into Clinton's use of a private email server while secretary of state made him second-guess his decision last year not to run. 
But according to the vice president, the short answer is 'no.' The only thing that kept him from running, Biden said, was the recent death of his son, Beau. 
Unfortunately for Biden, he suffers from many of the same things that Kaine does. 
Biden is boring, he is not very good on the campaign trail, and he doesn't have the sort of charisma that would motivate people to go to the polls in large numbers. 
Biden would probably represent the 'safest' choice for the Democrats, but he might not be a winning choice. 
#3 Bernie Sanders 
Bernie Sanders would seem to be a logical choice since he was the runner-up to Hillary Clinton, but the truth is that there are a lot of things working against Bernie Sanders. 
First of all, he does not have any real loyalty to the Democrats. He has previously operated as an independent, and he expressed a desire to return to independent status once the campaign was over. 
Secondly, the Democratic establishment very much dislikes him, and that plays a huge role in decisions such as this. 
Thirdly, Democratic insiders fear that he would be 'another McGovern' and would get absolutely wiped out in a general election. 
So even though he is very popular with the radical left, it appears that Sanders would be the least likely choice on this list. 
#4 Elizabeth Warren 
Elizabeth Warren would be very popular with the 'Bernie Sanders' wing of the party, and she would enable the party to replace Hillary Clinton with another woman. 
So she is definitely a possibility. 
But she does lack name recognition, and just like Sanders there would be concern that the Republicans would frame her candidacy as 'another McGovern' because of her far left policies. 
#5 Michelle Obama 
One recent survey found that 67 percent of all Democrats would rather have a third term for Obama than a first term for Hillary Clinton. 
And these days Barack Obama's approval rating is running anywhere from +9 to +11. 
So the thought of another Obama in the White House is not as far-fetched as you might think. 
Michelle Obama has better name recognition than anyone else on this list, and she is generally very well-liked by the American people. And she has received a tremendous amount of praise for her work on the campaign trail recently. For instance, her recent speech in New Hampshire was lauded as 'the most influential speech of the 2016 campaign' in a recent MSN article entitled 'In this campaign, Michelle Obama became more than just another political voice'… 
The speech, amplified by timing and met with an enthusiastic response, cemented Obama's place as a star of the presidential race and put a defining stroke not just on how women view Trump, but also on herself as a voice of moral authority. Three months before leaving the White House, she already is among the ranks of public figures who transcend politics and title. 
'When you rise to a level like that, you see how much weight your words carry,' said Anita McBride, former chief of staff to Laura Bush and executive in residence at the School of Public Affairs at American University. 'We know she didn't like politics. But she was impassioned by the language that was used, and she feels compelled to speak out. People listen to her.' 
If I were the Democrats, Michelle Obama is the one that I would select if a replacement nominee was needed, because she would give them the very best chance of winning against Donald Trump. 
Of course the Obamas are just as radical as Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren, but the American people have become quite comfortable with them at this point. 
And I certainly hope that Michelle Obama does not become the nominee if Hillary Clinton has to step aside, because Donald Trump would have an exceedingly difficult time defeating her. 
In the final analysis, none of this is probably going to matter anyway because it is unlikely that the FBI will move quickly enough to force Hillary Clinton out before election day, but there is still a small chance that it could actually happen. 
And if it does happen, it is going to turn politics in America completely upside down. 
Buy 2017 Gold Pandas and Buy 2017 Silver Panda Coins On Pre-Sale Now! Secure Your 2017 Panda Coins Today at SD Bullion!

ARTICLE

Home » Gold » Gold News » How Will Clinton – Comey Affect Gold Prices? 
What happens to gold and silver prices when the markets suddenly and violently un-price a Hillary Clinton Presidential Victory? 

From Keith Weiner : 
Twice this past week, the prices of the metals spiked. Once on early Monday due to a cause unclear to us. The second on Friday late morning (Arizona time) due to, get this, additional problems for Democrat Hillary Clinton. The stock market dropped at the same time that the prices of the metals surged. Call it the confidence speculation. 
The price of gold ended the week +$10, and that of silver +$0.18. 
Was it speculation? Or was it, this time for once, stackers going bananas buying up metal along with dried food, barrels of water, prime bunker real estate, and lead (ammo)? 
Before we get to that, we want to tackle a fallacy that comes up over and over again. How do you define or measure the value of money? 
The same school of thought that gives us the Quantity Theory of Money — which Keith has debunked decisively , and which we have spent so many words in this Report addressing its implications for the price of gold — offers a simple answer. Tempting, because it sounds so simple, it's utter rubbish. What's the idea? 
You measure the money by its purchasing power . Prices are measured in money. So why not reverse it, and measure the money by … prices?! Well, for one thing, it's circular. Self-referential. Infinite recursion , in the terminology of computer science. 
But more importantly, this view lumps taxes, regulations, labor law, lawsuits, compliance and you name it, all together. If the government adds a costly new tax which wipes out half an industry, you can bet (literally!) that the product of the remaining companies will sell at higher prices. Maybe much higher prices. 
But does this mean that the money has gone down in value? That it is on the path to hyperinflation, even? No. 
Taxation is not a monetary phenomenon. 
Further, suppose you look at prices in different cities. For example, things are cheaper in Yuma Arizona, than in New York City. Can we compare the Yuma dollar purchasing power to the New York City dollar? Of course not. It's the same US dollar! 
We contend that there is only one way to measure the value of the dollar. Look at its price in gold. As of Friday, that is 24.4 milligrams. 
And how do you measure the value of an ounce of gold? Let's make an analogy to gold's abundance. We content that gold is the most abundant commodity (with the exceptions of air and water). How is that? We measure abundance, not by absolute quantity, but by a ratio of stocks to flows. It would take all the gold mines in the world many decades to produce the amount of gold now known to be held in human hands (which number we believe is underestimated substantially). No other commodity (except silver) comes remotely close to this. 
The approach to measuring gold's value is similar. The value of the next ounce (N+1) is measured relative to the prior (N). Let's look at water to contrast with gold. 
Suppose you're walking through the Arizona desert in July. The temperature might be 120 degrees Fahrenheit (49C). You get so thirsty that you could die very quickly. You walk up to someone selling gallon jugs of water. What would you pay for the first? 
It's worth nothing less than your life. 
How about the second? You will need it to walk back to civilization. The third? A spare. The fourth? Zero, zilch, nil. 
Value(1) = ∞ Value(3) = 1 Value(4) = 0 
The value of each unit of water is not merely lower than the previous unit, but massively lower. 
For gold (you knew this was coming) the value is flat. That is, anyone will happily accept the fourth gold coin just as the first. And the 104 th the same as the 101 st . 
This is an important feature for money, is it not? It means that any business, no matter how large, can keep its books using gold. Even as the balance sheet grows, the value of the unit of account — the numeraire — remains constant. 
Kind of like how engineers rely on the constant length of the meter stick, no matter how tall the building. Imagine if they used some sort of rubber band to measure length and the higher the skyscraper, the shorter the rubber band shrank! Construction above one story would be impossible. 
Well, if the unit of account varied in value as water does, economic calculation beyond a simple subsistence farm would be impossible. 
Read on for the only true picture of the fundamentals of the monetary metals. But first, here's the graph of the metals' prices. 
The Prices of Gold and Silver 
Next, this is a graph of the gold price measured in silver, otherwise known as the gold to silver ratio. It didn't move this week. 
The Ratio of the Gold Price to the Silver Price 
For each metal, we will look at a graph of the basis and cobasis overlaid with the price of the dollar in terms of the respective metal. It will make it easier to provide brief commentary. The dollar will be represented in green, the basis in blue and cobasis in red. 
Here is the gold graph. 
The Gold Basis and Cobasis and the Dollar Price 
Could the scarcity (i.e. cobasis, the red line) be rolling over? It's too early to tell, but bears watching. 
The fundamental price of gold barely budged, though it's about twenty bucks below the market price. 
Now let's look at silver. 
The Silver Basis and Cobasis and the Dollar Price 
Last week, we asked: 
The big question this week: does the buying of metal remain strong, or is this just another flash in the pan? 
So far, the buying has held up. The fundamental price is up just about as much as the market price. 
Let's put this in perspective. Below is a graph showing not the prices of the metals, but premium vs discount. The green region at the bottom represents discount, and thus a safe place to buy. The red region at the top represents danger, as you're overpaying. 
Note that silver has not been offered at a discount in quite some time. This does not mean that the price has to crash tomorrow morning. But it does mean you're paying a speculative premium. Maybe you will get a chance to unload to the next speculator at an even higher price, but maybe not. 
Gold was in discount through around the end of April. It tipped into discount at the end of August. It's now selling at a premium, though not a large one. 
The Premium on gold and silver 

Buy 2017 Gold Pandas and Buy 2017 Silver Panda Coins On Pre-Sale Now! Secure Your 2017 Panda Coins Today at SD Bullion!

ARTICLE

Tweet Home » Headlines » World News » Will Obama Suspend Presidential Election If Hillary Is Forced Out By Comey's New FBI Email Investigation? 
Will President Obama suspend the national election next week if/when Hillary is forced out of the race by James Comey's Bombshell? In such a scenario, Barack Obama may attempt to invoke his emergency powers. Since the election would not be 'fair' until the Democrats have a new candidate, he could try to delay or suspend the election. There would be a lot of controversy as to whether this is legal or not, but Barack Obama has not let the US Constitution stop him in the past… 

From Michael Snyder : 
Just when it looked like Hillary Clinton was poised to win the 2016 election, the FBI has thrown a game-changer into the mix. On Friday, FBI Director James Comey announced that his agency has discovered new emails related to Hillary Clinton's mishandling of classified information that they had not previously seen. According to the Associated Press, the newly discovered emails 'did not come from her private server', but instead were found when the FBI started going through electronic devices that belonged to top Clinton aide Huma Abedin and her husband Anthony Weiner. 
The FBI has been looking into messages of a sexual nature that Weiner had exchanged with a 15-year-old girl in North Carolina, and that is why they originally seized those electronic devices. According to the Washington Post, the 'emails were found on a computer used jointly by both Weiner and his wife, top Clinton aide Huma Abedin, according to a person with knowledge of the inquiry', and according to some reports there may be 'potentially thousands' of emails on the computer that the FBI did not have access to previously. Even though there are less than two weeks to go until election day, this scandal has the potential to possibly force Clinton out of the race, and if that happens could Barack Obama delay or suspend the election until a replacement candidate can be found? 
Let's take this one step at a time. On Friday, financial markets tanked when reports of these new Clinton emails hit the wires. The following comes from CNN… 
After recommending earlier this year that the Department of Justice not press charges against the former secretary of state, Comey said in a letter to eight congressional committee chairmen that investigators are examining newly discovered emails that 'appear to be pertinent' to the email probe. 
'In connection with an unrelated case, the FBI has learned of the existence of emails that appear pertinent to the investigation,' Comey wrote the chairmen. 'I am writing to inform you that the investigative team briefed me on this yesterday, and I agreed that the FBI should take appropriate investigative steps designed to allow investigators to review these emails to determine whether they contain classified information, as well as to assess their importance to our investigation.' 
At this point, we do not know what is contained in these emails. But without a doubt Huma Abedin is Hillary Clinton's closest confidant, and I have always felt that she was Clinton's Achilles heel. Journalist Carl Bernstein (of Watergate fame) is fully convinced that the FBI would have never made this move unless something significant had already been discovered… 
We don't know what this means yet except that it's a real bombshell. And it is unthinkable that the Director of the FBI would take this action lightly, that he would put this letter forth to the Congress of the United States saying there is more information out there about classified e-mails and call it to the attention of congress unless it was something requiring serious investigation. So that's where we are… 
Is it a certainty that we won't learn before the election? I'm not sure it's a certainty we won't learn before the election. 
One thing is, it's possible that Hillary Clinton might want to on her own initiative talk to the FBI and find out what she can, and if she chooses to let the American people know what she thinks or knows is going on. People need to hear from her… 
If the FBI has indeed found something explosive, would they actually charge her with a crime right before the election? 
It is possible, but we also have to remember that government agencies (including the FBI) tend to move very, very slowly. If there are thousands of emails, it is going to take quite a while to sift through them all. And of course Barack Obama has lots of ways that he could influence, delay or even shut down the investigation. 
So those that are counting on this to be the miracle that Donald Trump needsshould not count their chickens before they hatch. 
But if Hillary Clinton were to be forced out of the race by this FBI investigation, the Democrats would have to decide on a new candidate, and that would take time. The following is from a U.S. News & World Report article that examined what would happen if one of the candidates was forced out of the race for some reason… 
If Clinton were to fall off the ticket, Democratic National Committee members would gather to vote on a replacement. DNC members acted as superdelegates during this year's primary and overwhelmingly backed Clinton over boat-rocking socialist Sen. Bernie Sanders of Vermont. 
DNC spokesman Mark Paustenbach says there currently are 445 committee members – a number that changes over time and is guided by the group's bylaws, which give membership to specific officeholders and party leaders and hold 200 spots for selection by states, along with an optional 75 slots DNC members can choose to fill. 
But the party rules for replacing a presidential nominee merely specify that a majority of members must be present at a special meeting called by the committee chairman. The meeting would follow procedures set by the DNC Rules and Bylaws Committee and proxy voting would not be allowed. 
It would be extremely challenging to get a majority of the members of the Democratic National Committee together on such short notice. If Clinton were to drop out next week, it would be almost impossible for this to happen before election day. 
In such a scenario, Barack Obama may attempt to invoke his emergency powers. Since the election would not be 'fair' until the Democrats have a new candidate, he could try to delay or suspend the election. There would be a lot of controversy as to whether this is legal or not, but Barack Obama has not let the U.S. Constitution stop him in the past. 
Meanwhile, new poll numbers show that the Trump campaign was already gaining momentum even before this story about the new emails broke. According to a brand new ABC News/Washington Post survey, Donald Trump is now only trailing Hillary Clinton by 4 points after trailing her by as much as 12 points last weekend. 
And CNBC is reporting on a highly advanced artificial intelligence system that accurately predicted the outcomes of the presidential primaries and which is now indicating that Trump will be the winner in November… 
An artificial intelligence system that correctly predicted the last three U.S. presidential elections puts Republican nominee Donald Trump ahead of Democrat rival Hillary Clinton in the race for the White House. 
MogIA was developed by Sanjiv Rai, founder of Indian start-up Genic.ai. It takes in 20 million data points from public platforms including Google, Facebook, Twitter and YouTube in the U.S. and then analyzes the information to create predictions. 
The AI system was created in 2004, so it has been getting smarter all the time. It had already correctly predicted the results of the Democratic and Republican Primaries. 
Without Hillary at the top of the ticket, the odds of a Trump victory would go way, way up. 
So if Hillary is forced out of the race by this investigation, Barack Obama and the Democrats will want to delay or suspend the election for as long as possible if they can. 
At this point there is probably not a high probability that such a scenario will play out, but in this crazy election year we have already seen that just about anything can happen. 
Buy 2017 Gold Pandas and Buy 2017 Silver Panda Coins On Pre-Sale Now! Secure Your 2017 Panda Coins Today at SD Bullion!

ARTICLE

October 31, 2016 at 2:01 PM 
It's possible for even the average joe to make a lot of money through running their own IRS approved charity. A while back this scheme was brought to light here in Arizona. I personally know some of the players and I wasn't surprised to learn how incestuous their organization was. What you do is set up a charity. Then have trusted friends and family do the same. Choose a good name like 'Feed the Suffering and Starving Babies' i.e. something that tugs at the heartstrings and then solicit donations. Who wouldn't want to help starving babies. Then, within your charity network (of maybe ten separately named and owned charities) donate to each others charities over and over again passing around the same money. On your IRS Form 990 it looks like you gave away 10X more than you received. Pay yourself a nice salary and travel expenses. Rinse and repeat. This way all the donated money goes in your pocket and the charity watchdog sites think your golden.

ARTICLE

Now that washed up Democratic 'Consultant' Carville is finding a 'conspiracy' between Trump and the KGB…that was disbanded in 1991. 
'Time Traveling KGB' they were labeled at RT article. 
You know, maybe 2 years ago, I made a few comments about some Kevin Costner movies, where the plot was 'Russians destroying our Dollar' in one of them, and another where he was a CIA operative 'because someone has to do it' along with passages about the 'Federal Reserve keeps our economy safe and sound' and a bunch of other obvious CIA-injected Narrative…everyone is aware that Hollywood has a CIA Liaison officer approving the scripts, and injecting lines in it, right? 
Kevin 'Hollywood Rose' Costner…a paid propagandist. Working against America. For the younger generation, I am referring to 'Tokyo Rose' of WW II. 
'When everything America believes is true, is a lie, I know we've done our job' A CIA Director William Colby a few days before he 'drowned' in a canoeing accident. Too bad JFK wasn't able to 'break the CIA into a thousands pieces' and Eli-Min-ate it. Yes, that is where these words originated: in demonic/satanic behavior..and I am a confirmed atheist. 
Illu of Sais-On….be aware patriots. Illusion and Programming take vigilance to battle.

ARTICLE

Tweet Home » Gold » Gold News » 'When Money Dies: The Nightmare of the Weimar Collapse' Precious metals expert Michael Ballanger discusses his favorite investing books and reviews the landscape for gold and the U.S. dollar between now and the end of the year as the almighty 'gravestone doji' signals the end of the dollar rally is near… Submitted by Michael Ballanger, Streetwise : 
Since entering the hallowed halls of Saint Louis University, that sits near the banks of the equally-venerable-and-old man river, the 'Mighty Mississippi,' I have kept a number of books in my library that shall remain as 'life textbooks,' tomes upon which to refer in times of confusion, despair, joy and victory. 
Because of my background in hockey as a (much) younger man, I have always enjoyed re-reading sports books and one of my favorites was Ken Dryden's 'The Game' because he described a team and league that had many members familiar to me in the 1970s. Thomas Hauser's 'Muhammad Ali: His Life and Times' was another superb book about the singular, most-globally-recognized athlete of all time and, again, an athlete from the era in which I was raised. 
However, the REAL text books were books like 'The Four Agreements' by Don Miguel Ruiz, 'The Power of Now' by Eckhart Tolle, and 'Conversations with God, Book 1' by Neale Donald Walsch, all of which dealt with the human spirit and personal struggle. 
However, in the world of business and markets, the books which are always within arm reach are, in order of least-to-most importance, 'The Battle for Investment Survival' by Gerald M. Loeb (1935), 'Reminiscences of a Stock Operator' by Lefevre and Lowenstein (1923), ' Boomerang: Travels in the New Third World' by Michael Lewis (2011), 'Atlas Shrugged' by Ayn Rand (1957) and finally 'When Money Dies: The Nightmare of the Weimar Collapse' by Adam Fergusson (1975). 
As a snapshot of the societal impact of the Great Keynesian Experiment through which are currently traversing, 'Atlas Shrugged' tells you EXACTLY where we are today complete with gutted-out American manufacturing and massive corruption, intervention, and interference brought about by the odious partnership between government and the elite 1%. The one book that describes the probable outcome of all of the money-printing ($57 trillion) of the post-2008-meltdown era is 'When Money Dies: The Nightmare of the Weimar Collapse' and it is this book that is sitting under the desk phone in my office. 
The last paragraph sums it all up with the following ghastly summary: 'In hyperinflation, a kilo of potatoes was worth, to some, more than the family silver; a side of pork more than a grand piano. A prostitute in the family was better than an infant corpse; theft was preferable to starvation; warmth was finer than honour; clothing more essential than democracy, food more needed than freedom.' THAT paragraph is like 'The Ghost of Christmas Yet-To-Come' in Lewis Carroll's 'A Christmas Carol,' and it is truly frightening. 
The use of history books is, for me, a necessity and the following two quotes are the reasons why: 
'History never repeats itself but it rhymes.' – Mark Twain . 
and, 
'Those who cannot remember the past doomed to repeat it.' – George Santayana 
In the bigger picture concerning the global capital markets, I see enormous changes coming and it is all laid out in front of us like those little solar lights that illuminate the path from my deck down to the water on a very dark night. In 'Atlas Shrugged,' Ayn Rand describes what America would look like when the business 'elite' finally own the government and legislature and the justice system. Nothing is more relevant than looking at the events that have transpired since the Financial Crisis of 2008 that didn't 'nearly' take down the financial system; it DID take it down but criminal collusion manufactured the bail-out mechanism that allowed it to continue to function in 'Walking Dead' fashion. 
All you need to do is look at Deutsche Bank to witness all of the same insanity, greed and aberrant behaviors that were so very prominent among the bankster crowd of 2004–2008 being replayed here in 2016 by the German's beloved DB . 
In 'Boomerang', Michael Lewis walks us through the mindsets of the European bankers and politicians and especially the citizenry, whose contempt for the former two is most acute in Ireland, where one might have thought a few of them might have been carted off to jail. 
However, nothing can send chills up and down your spine more than the last of my list, 'When Money Dies.' We have all heard stories about the Weimar hyperinflation and how the indiscriminate albeit well-intended printing of 'Reich marks' sent post WWI Germany into chaos and bedlam and unimaginable human suffering. 
'Atlas Shrugged' describes the environment created BY the crime; Michael Lewis walks us through the incredible sense of entitlement among the populist movement responding TO the crime; but Adam Fergusson paints a horrific portrait of the outcome OF the crime. It is a 'must-read' for everyone that is playing around with stocks and bonds or trying to manage 'Cash' these days. Can't happen here in 'the modern world'? Well, it is happening right now as we speak in Venezuela where prison inmates have been resorting to cannibalism due to dire food shortages and government corruption. 
I write all of this nonsense because as a former resident of the U.S., I was there for the Watergate hearings; I watched Nixon resign; I watched Jimmy Carter have his legacy tarnished by an Arab oil embargo, 12% inflation, massive line-ups at the gas pumps and a hostage crisis. I watched Presidential campaigns in 1972 and 1976 first-hand and have always paid a great deal of attention since. The bare facts behind this year's race are ugly; you have two candidates that are equally annoying, unequivocally flawed and universally repulsed by the vast majority of voters. 
What hits me between the eyes is that for the first time in history, we are witnessing a race so thoroughly 'un-presidential' that it resembles a WWF wrestling match complete with enough 'smackdowns' and 'whup-ass' remarks to put Vince McMahon to shame. 
The global champion of democracy and capitalism, apple pie and Apple Computer now has the entire world looking on in fear and disbelief that either one of these two candidates could have access to the launch codes that could vaporize the entire planet in a heartbeat all because of a bad meal or a particularly stressful day. The days of Ronald Reagan running the country as Chairman of the Board are now over. And that, my friends, is not only sad; it is outright disturbing. 
So the U.S. dollar continues to roll higher and the gold market struggles to right itself against FOREX headwinds. The U.S. dollar responds to the pre-election tape-painting and the broadly-based consensus that once the election is over that the Fed will hike rates and send the USD index to 105. 
However, given that I don't care a great deal for technical analysis, here is a Wiki snapshot of a classic 'Gravestone Doji' that indicates that a trend may be coming to an end. 
Now take a look at the chart of the U.S. dollar index ($USD) that has finally turned up with a big Gravestone Doji to cap the current rally off the May, June and August lows, setting things up for another metals advance into year-end. 
Now, we saw a Gravestone Doji a few months back in the HUI (NYSE Arca Gold BUGS Index) around 175 but it decided to advance another 100 points before correcting, so don't get too excited (or committed) with this one for the USD. I only mention it because the USD is not as illiquid as the global gold market because the Americans have printed TRILLIONS of USDs since 2008 so it is not nearly as easy to manipulate FOREX as it is gold. Ergo, technical analysis works for the USD and it is useless for gold—period. 
I reported to you all that I had re-entered the GDXJ (VanEck Vectors Junior Gold Miners ETF) position on October 13 th and added more on Friday the 14 th when I suddenly realized that I was far too complacent with the decaying currency sitting in my trading account. I was growing miserable, snarly, inattentive, and argumentative without my beloved GDXJ position and it was truly difficult to function. 
Those around me were so happy to see me take my enormous profit on GDXJ and were more than happy with the new drapes and the new leash and the Gourmet Alpo and the 'designer doggie bags,' but I now know that they thought of me as 'seriously depressed.' I am now no longer upset and I am no longer depressed as I now own every single wonderfully decadent share of the GDXJ that I owned back in late 2015 when the junior miners were being shorted and sold by every HFT algorithm and every desk trader and every CNBC-following doorknob on the planet. 
Now, for the traders out there? I have a sell order in for 50% of the GDXJ position at $45.00. If filled, we will own the remaining 50% at new breakeven cost of $32.20 at which point I sit back and chill. No reason to particularly worry with such a wonderful adjusted cost. 
Now, most of you are dying to know how a) Stakeholder Gold Corp.'s (SRC:TSX.V) Ballarat RAB drilling program is progressing and b) when the Canuc Resources Ltd. (CDA:TSX.V) /Santa Rosa RTO will be completed. Last update for the Yukon was yesterday and the first seven RAB holes are now en route to the assay lab in Whitehorse where the turnaround should be 10-14 days. SRC CEO Chris Berlet and V.P. Exploration John Nebocat are in Dawson City today travelling to the property for a day full of comprehensive interpretation and analysis. I would expect a drilling update upon their return. I could talk all day about the large intercepts of quartz sericite alteration and the density of the rock they are encountering but until the assays are back from Whitehorse, it is pretty much meaningless. 
I have been asked about the seasonality effect and the lack of news flow during the long Yukon winter and whether or not it will affect the stock price performance. The fact that SRC will have a full treasury after all 2016 exploration bills are paid allows a generous amount of working capital to be allocated to marketing. Since getting the story 'out' is crucial to the survival of all junior miners, SRC has already secured a booth at the January 2017 Vancouver Resource Investment Conference and will be doing the same for PDAC in Toronto in March. While that is all fine and dandy, it is obviously imperative that SRC has a decent tailwind from positive assay results coming off the 2016 program. 
As for the Canuc/Santa Rosa RTO, all I can say is that every RTO to which I have been privy over the years takes longer than first thought and this one is no different. Between the lawyers and the regulators, it seems that just when you think you are getting the green light, they come up with something ridiculous like translating a document that is 15 years old from Spanish to English 'in order to protect the poor minority shareholders of Canuc Resources.' In reality, all that needs to happen is for Canuc shareholders to vote on the transaction. It is they that are getting absorbed by the private company (Santa Rosa Silver Mining Corp.) so why not just ask them if they are OK with the terms of the deal and drive on? Alas, despite the delay, I simply cannot stand the wait as the Santa Rosa project will be a beauty. (If anyone wants to have a look at the old PowerPoint presentation that was used back in 2015, email me at [email protected] .) 
Only two more weeks until the elections are over and then it should be a 'Sell the news' scenario for the USD and that should provide the impetus for a sizzling year-end rally in the metals. Then, as 2016 ticks down, and with so many money managers having missed the gold rally, it wouldn't surprise me if there is a mid-December scramble for the mining shares and/or physical gold and silver as year-end window dressing is applied to 'modern portfolio management.' 
Right. . . 
Originally trained during the inflationary 1970s, Michael Ballanger is a graduate of Saint Louis University where he earned a Bachelor of Science in finance and a Bachelor of Art in marketing before completing post-graduate work at the Wharton School of Finance. With more than 30 years of experience as a junior mining and exploration specialist, as well as a solid background in corporate finance, Ballanger's adherence to the concept of 'Hard Assets' allows him to focus the practice on selecting opportunities in the global resource sector with emphasis on the precious metals exploration and development sector. Ballanger takes great pleasure in visiting mineral properties around the globe in the never-ending hunt for early-stage opportunities. Want to read more Gold Report articles like this? Sign up for our free e-newsletter, and you'll learn when new articles have been published. To see a list of recent articles and interviews with industry analysts and commentators, visit our Streetwise Interviews page. 
Disclosure: 1) The following companies mentioned in the article are sponsors of Streetwise Reports: None. The companies mentioned in this article were not involved in any aspect of the article preparation or editing. Streetwise Reports does not accept stock in exchange for its services. The information provided above is for informational purposes only and is not a recommendation to buy or sell any security. 2) Michael Ballanger: I own, or members of my immediate household or family, directly or indirectly own shares of the following companies mentioned in this interview: Canuc Resources Ltd., Santa Rosa Silver Mining Corp. and Stakeholder Gold Corporation. My company Bonaventure Explorations Ltd. has a relationship with Stakeholder and Canuc via Santa Rosa. I determined which companies would be included in this article based on my research and understanding of the sector. 3) Statements and opinions expressed are the opinions of the author and not of Streetwise Reports or its officers. The author is wholly responsible for the validity of the statements. The author was not paid by Streetwise Reports for this article. Streetwise Reports was not paid by the author to publish or syndicate this article. 4) This article does not constitute investment advice. Each reader is encouraged to consult with his or her individual financial professional and any action a reader takes as a result of information presented here is his or her own responsibility. By opening this page, each reader accepts and agrees to Streetwise Reports' terms of use and full legal disclaimer . This article is not a solicitation for investment. Streetwise Reports does not render general or specific investment advice and the information on Streetwise Reports should not be considered a recommendation to buy or sell any security. Streetwise Reports does not endorse or recommend the business, products, services or securities of any company mentioned on Streetwise Reports. 5) From time to time, Streetwise Reports LLC and its directors, officers, employees or members of their families, as well as persons interviewed for articles and interviews on the site, may have a long or short position in securities mentioned. Directors, officers, employees or members of their families are prohibited from making purchases and/or sales of those securities in the open market or otherwise during the up-to-four-week interval from the time of the interview/article until after it publishes. 
Charts provided by Michael Ballanger

ARTICLE

THIS Is Why Most Analysts' Gold & Silver Price Forecasts Are Wrong Posted on Home » Silver » Silver News » THIS Is Why Most Analysts' Gold & Silver Price Forecasts Are Wrong 
What Has Been The Real Driver Of The Gold & Silver Price? 

From SRSRocco : 
Precious metals investors are being misled by most analysts' price forecasts because they do not understand the critical underlying fundamental value mechanism. Furthermore, there seems to be a great deal of animosity from the short-term trading analysts who view many in the precious metals community as pandering hype and conspiracies. 
One of these analysts is Avi Gilburt of the Elliottwavetrader site. He criticizes the 'Gold bugs' in a few of his more recent articles, Who Do You Allow Yourself To Be Manipulated , Did Your Mother Write An Article On Gold , and Damn Manipulators . 
Feel free to check out these articles as Avi Gilburt condemns those precious metals analysts who continue to regurgitate the 'manipulation' theme over and over. On the other hand, Avi truly believes the value of the metals, and other commodities are based upon looking at the 'tea leaves' or studying 'goat entrails' as it pertains to the Elliott Wave theory . 
Most certainly, he will defend the Elliott Wave theory to the death. While I admire that sort of conviction, Avi Gilburt is just as guilty in his forecasting of the 'value' of gold and silver just as much as the precious metals community that he constantly criticizes. 
That being said, there is a difference between the two camps, in my opinion. While I am frustrated with the precious metals community in their lack of understanding of the true value of gold and silver, the short-term trading analysts such as Avi Gilburt and Dan Norcini are quite vicious in their critiques. 
This is also true for CPM Group's Jeff Christian. I heard from a source that when Jeff Christian was a part of a precious metals round table, when the question was posed to the group to the number of individuals who believed the metals were being manipulated, he blurted out, 'Anyone in this group that follows my work, YOU BETTER NOT RAISE YOUR HAND.' Now, that isn't the exact remark… but close enough. 
The subject of precious metals manipulation is quite complex, so I'd rather not get into it in this article. However, I will show where the precious metals community and the short-term trading analysts are incorrect in their approach for forecasting the value of gold and silver. What Has Been The Real Driver Of The Gold & Silver Price 
Even though I have discussed this in prior articles, new information confirms my analysis. While most economists, traders and the those in the precious metals community believe that 'Supply & Demand' have been the leading factor in determining the value of gold or silver , it's not, rather it has always been the 'ENERGY FACTOR.' 
Here is an updated chart showing the relationship between the price of silver and oil since 1900: 
As you can see, the price of silver and oil remained flat (on the chart) until 1971. Actually, the price of oil and silver stayed below $2.00 (except for a few years) from 1900-1970. When President Nixon dropped the Gold-Dollar peg in 1971, this significantly changed the value of the precious metals and oil. 
Even though the movement of the oil and silver price are not exactly related, we can definitely see a high degree of correlation. Thus, as the price of oil skyrocketed in the 1970's, so did the price of silver. Moreover, the same thing took place in 2000-2016. 
Does Avi Gilburt have a chart showing this to his members? I doubt it. Of course, the short-term price movements of silver and oil are not as precise as the longer term valuations shown in the chart above, but we can clearly see that the forces of 'Supply & Demand' are less of factor than the changing value of oil. 
This is also true for gold. This chart shows the price of gold versus oil since 1940: 
Again, we can clearly see that the price of gold and oil remained flat-lined until 1971. As the oil price shot up in the 1970's, so did the gold price. When the oil price declined and stayed low in the 1980's and 90's, so did the value of gold. However, as the price of oil surged to $112 in 2012 from $20 in 1999, so did the value of gold. Gold jumped from $279 in 2000 to $1669 in 2012. 
There's no coincidence that the value of oil and gold jumped 500+% from 2000-2012. While the silver price jumped seven times from $4.95 in 2000, to $35 in 2012, its current price is 3.5 times higher than 2000 and gold is 4.5 times higher. 
Which means, there are more factors in determining the gold and silver price than just the metals relationship with the oil price. That being said, supply and demand factors play a 'ROLE' in impacting the price of gold and silver… BUT ONLY AS A MINOR PART compared to the overriding oil price dynamics. 
What I am saying here is this… the value of gold and silver has been, and will continue to be tied to the oil price dynamics, however, supply and demand factors are contributor… BUT TO A MUCH LESSER DEGREE. Gold & Silver Bullion Are Beginning To Disconnect To The Value Of Oil 
Something interesting has happened recently in the price movement of gold and silver… they seem to be now disconnecting from the value of oil. If we take a look at the two gold and silver charts below, we can see that as the price of oil has remained flat in 2015-2016, the gold and silver price has turned higher, especially the gold price: 
While the gold price has jumped up higher than the silver price (in relative terms), they are both moving up as the oil price remains flat. To understand why this is happening, I have to explain two KEY FUNCTIONS; Market Sentiment The Coming Oil Price Crash 
Short-term trading analysts suggest that 'Market Sentiment' plays a role in determining the price of a commodity, stock or bond. While I would agree with them to a small degree, they are correct for the wrong reason. 
Let me explain this as it pertains to the value of gold and silver. At the beginning of the year, the stock market crashed 2,000 points quickly, so investors moved into gold and silver in a big way, especially the institutional investors who bought the Gold ETFs. So, the 'Knee-Jerk' reaction by most traders and investors is that market sentiment turned around and the movement of funds into gold and silver pushed up their price. 
Again, I agree with that on principle, but for a very different reason. 'Market Sentiment', as it is used as a tool for determining the price of gold and silver, is only working to the extent that it is 'WAKING UP INVESTORS TO THE TRUE FUNDAMENTAL VALUE', but just for a brief period of time. 
You have to think of precious metals market sentiment similar to when a spouse believes their partner might be having an affair. When something very suspicions happens, the spouse gets very angry and the partner tries to calm them down by giving a reason (excuse) why is not true. So, in a few days, the spouse believes the partner and everything calms down. 
This type of 'UP & DOWN' sentiment continues in the relationship causing a great deal of volatility in the marriage. However, one day, the spouse finally catches the partner in the act and the TRUTH finally comes out. Then there is no more lies, deceit, excuses or manipulation of the facts to keep the spouse believing that everything is fine. The spouse has now taken the RED PILL, so to speak, and cannot unlearn what they now know. 
This is a perfect example of what is taking place as it pertains to 'MARKET SENTIMENT' in the precious metals market. When investors start to get fearful or extremely worried about the Stock & Bond markets, they rush into the precious metals… for a brief period of time. 
When the Fed and Central Banks pump Trillions of Dollars of liquidity into the financial system, they bring calm back into the markets easing investors fear and worry. Thus, gold and silver demand declines. 
Unfortunately, this is a game that is hiding the truth. So, when investors finally realize the Stock and Bond Market are the biggest Ponzi Schemes in history, the MAD RUSH into the metals will begin. 
Now, the reason the Stock and Bond Market are nothing more than HOT AIR and the typical Ponzi Scheme, can be seen in this chart by Louis Arnoux: 
The value of U.S. GDP per head, in Oil & Gold all went up together until 1970. While U.S. GDP has continued higher and higher, we can clearly see that the gold and oil (red & blue color) trend lines behaved much different;y. I would advise watching my Thermodynamic Collapse Interview with Dr. Louis Arnoux to explain the details: 
However, the only way for real wealth to be generated, it has to coincide with the value of gold and oil. Unfortunately, the value of gold and oil in GDP per head for each American crashed (2012), while stated GDP continued to record territory. 
Thus, the real GDP value reported by the U.S. Government is highly inflated. This is based on understanding the 'Thermodynamic Oil Collapse' and its impact on the entire global economy. According to Louis Arnoux and the Hills Group work, the price of oil will continue to crash to a MAXIMUM PRICE of $12 by 2020. 
This is due to their calculation of the 'Remaining Value' of oil in a barrel. You have to think about it like an automobile. When the car is brand new, the value is say, $30,000. However, after 15 years, the car is only worth $5,000. The economic value of that car has been 'DEPLETED. ' While it still works, the 15 year-old car does not contain the same 'embedded' energy as a brand new car…. so the value is much less. 
The Hills Group ETP oil model has calculated that the value of a barrel of oil is behaving similar to a used car. The costs of producing a barrel of oil is so high now, when we consider the entire Oil Industry & Support Systems', there won't be much value left to the Globalized Industrial World in five years. 
I will be writing more on this going forward as gold and silver investors will benefit the most as the Thermodynamic Oil Collapse goes over the cliff. Why Will The Value Of Gold & Silver Surge When Most Everything Else Implodes 
While the oil price has been the leading driver in the value of Gold & Silver for more than a century, it is beginning to disconnect. Why? Because the gold and silver price have been valued as 'commodities', rather than as 'high-quality stores of value.' 
I will be writing an article showing this more in detail, however total Global Assets are estimated to be $373 trillion, according to a report by Savills World Research. The majority of those assets are real estate…. mostly residential real estate. 
As the price of oil continues lower and lower, it will destroy the value of most Stocks, Bonds and Real Estate. These assets only derive their value from burning more energy each year. However, the cost to produce a barrel of oil has become so high now, there isn't much value left over to support the $373 trillion in global assets. 
Which means, the collapse in the price of oil, will be the FACTOR that finally wakes up the world that they have been investing in the wrong assets. It will be the MOTHER OF ALL MARKET SENTIMENT moves. 
I gather Avi Gilburt will discard this article as just another complete waste of time, but he is undoubtedly blind to the oil-energy dynamics. So, I would bet my bottom Silver Dollar that Avi will continue to read the tea leaves and goat entrails of the Elliott Wave Theory right up until the point the system disintegrates. And maybe he should, because when the PHAT LADY SINGS, he will have to find some other occupation. Buy 90% Junk Silver Coins at SD Bullion As Low As $2.19/oz Over Spot!

ARTICLE

Tweet Home » Gold » Gold News » Currency Crisis: Alasdair MacLeod On The Vexed Question of the Dollar There is little doubt that the rapid expansion of both dollar-denominated debt and monetary quantities since the financial crisis will lead us into a currency crisis. We just don't know when, and the dollar is not alone… 

From Alasdair Macleod : All the major paper currencies have been massively inflated in recent years. With the dollar acting as the world's reserve currency, where the dollar goes, so do all the other fiat monies . Until that cataclysmic event, we watch currencies behave in increasingly unexpected, seemingly irrational ways. The fundamentals for Japan are not good, yet the yen remains the strongest currency of the big four. The Eurozone risks a systemic collapse, overwhelmed by political and financial headwinds, yet the euro's exchange rate has proved relatively impervious to this deep uncertainty. The British economy is strongest, yet sterling is the weakest of the four majors. If nothing else, today's foreign exchanges are evidence that subjectivity triumphs over macroeconomic thinking. Mackay's Extraordinary Popular Delusions and the Madness of Crowds beats computer modelling every time. Furthermore, any official attempt to establish a rate for the dollar has to address two separate questions: the value of the dollar relative to other currencies, and its purchasing power for goods and services. The chart below indicates how the dollar has behaved against other currencies over the last five years, both on a trade weighted and on a predefined currency basis (DXY). It should be noted that the dollar has risen on both these measures by roughly 18% since early 2014. At the same time, the Chinese yuan has fallen against the dollar by about 12%, so it has actually risen slightly against the DXY basket as a whole, particularly against the euro component, where it has gained 12% since early 2014. This matters, because far from devaluing, which is what we are routinely told by dollar-centric analysts, the yuan has been relatively stable over time against a basket of currencies. It has been weak against the dollar and yen, but strong against both the euro and sterling. We should look at this from the Fed's Federal Open Market Committee's point of view. America runs a record trade deficit with China, and the only major economies where China's terms of trade have improved are with the US, excepting Japan . Therefore, the Fed is bound to be very sensitive to the dollar's exchange rate with China's yuan Furthermore, on two occasions when the Fed had signalled it was going to raise the Fed Funds Rate, it backed off when the Chinese lowered the rate at which it had pegged the yuan to the dollar. Chinese devaluation against the dollar is obviously a prime concern for the Fed. The situation becomes better understood when the Peoples Bank's position is taken into account. The bank has been selling US Treasury stock in large quantities, stockpiling commodities and oil with the proceeds, though it has been diversifying into Japanese Government bonds as well. China's dollars have been welcomed by markets, which are short of both quality collateral and raw currency. However, China's supply of both has failed to stop the dollar rising against the yuan. Furthermore, China isn't the only Asian and Middle Eastern state selling American paper, so the demand from other international players on the buy side has been immense, enough to determine the underlying direction of the dollar's exchange rate. The situation is being exploited by the Peoples Bank. In effect, the Peoples Bank is in a position to dictate Fed policy by adjusting the rate at which it is prepared to supply dollars into the market. So long as the dollar remains fundamentally strong, it only has to slow the pace of Treasury and dollar sales for the dollar to rise, and therefore the Fed's planned interest rate rises to be deferred. This is not understood properly by western commentators, who erroneously think China is being forced to defend a declining yuan. Nothing could be further from the truth. It will be interesting to see whether this happens again ahead of the December FOMC meeting, when for the umpteenth time we have been promised a rise in the Fed Funds Rate. A major consideration behind China's foreign exchange policy is the outlook for the euro. The Eurozone represents a market as large as the US, with the added importance of being tagged onto the Asian continent. There can be little doubt that China sees her own long-term future being aligned more with Europe than America, despite Europe's current troubles. It is, if you like, a situation that is primarily of strategic importance. Europe's economy will need rescuing at some stage, and is therefore a future opportunity for China's intervention. That plan is for the long term, and becomes increasingly valid the deeper the hole the Eurozone digs for itself. A disintegration of the EU would also be beneficial for Chinese ambitions. Meanwhile, in the short-term the euro has broken a crucial trend-line against the dollar, having completed a continuation head-and-shoulders pattern, targeting the 1.0600 area, which is the previous low seen in March and November 2015. This is our second chart. Neither the Peoples Bank nor the Fed need to be chart experts to see what's happening. Brexit was very bad news for the euro, because it is a racing certainty that the event will turn out to be just the start of a new round of political and economic trouble for the Eurozone. The Italian economy in particular is imploding, with a non-performing loan problem that is roughly 40% of private sector GDP. So China can for the moment steer a course for the yuan between the euro's devaluation and the dollar's rise. The Fed sees in euro weakness an increase of currency-induced deflation for the US economy, and a loss of competitiveness for US exports. Chinese exporters are obvious beneficiaries as well, so the blame for deflation will be on China's foreign exchange machinations. Anyway, China probably cares less than she ever did about the long-term consequences of her actions on the US economy. China has been selling her US Treasuries and reducing her dollar exposure to add to her stockpiles of raw materials and oil. She wants to keep her over-indebted businesses trading by maintaining a favourable exchange rate with the dollar, particularly given the developing train wreck that's the Eurozone. And there's not a lot the Fed can do about it. Gold and commodities The principal driver for the gold price is the prospect of monetary inflation transmuting into price inflation, and the inability of central banks to respond to this threat by raising interest rates sufficiently to control the balance of consumer preferences between goods and holding money. We are, of course, measuring gold in dollars, because the latter is the reserve currency for all the others. But, as stated above, there are two exchange considerations, the first being the dollar against other currencies, and the second the dollar against a basket of commodities. And here, we should note that over the long-term, the prices of commodities measured in gold are considerably more stable than the prices of commodities measured in fiat currencies. China has behaved as if she is thoroughly aware of gold's pricing attributes, and has a deliberate policy of dominating the market for bullion. This is very different from the US's domination of gold paper markets. Not only has China invested in unprofitable gold mines to become the largest producer at about 450 tonnes annually, but the state monopolises China's refining capacity. She also imports doré for refining from other countries, and without doubt since 1983 has accumulated substantial quantities of bullion not included in monetary reserves. Furthermore, it is the only country that has encouraged its population, through television and other media, to accumulate physical gold. Make no mistake, for the last thirty-three years, the Chinese government has made a credible attempt to gain ultimate control over the physical gold market, and to extend gold's protection to her own citizens. China does not manipulate the gold price. Instead, as described earlier, she is manipulating the dollar by regulating the exchange rate and by discouraging the Fed from raising interest rates. It is a temporary balancing act that only continues so long as desperate banks and their indebted borrowers continue to scramble for dollars, and China knows it. The Fed, for the moment, appears to be powerless to manage economic outcomes and is firmly trapped by China's currency management, with interest rates stuck at the lower bound. And to make it worse, the weak euro, against which the dollar index (DXY) is very heavily weighted (57%!), threatens to force the DXY index even higher. The result, inevitably, is that monetary policy cannot be used to address future price inflation, which virtually guarantees there will be a higher gold price in 2017 and beyond. This is why, despite American wishful thinking, gold remains at the centre of the financial system. It is central partly because China's ensures it is, and it is also China's ultimate money for commodity and trade purposes. China most likely has enough gold to fully compensate for her reserve losses from the destruction of the dollar and the other fiat currencies on her reserve book. She is deliberately selling down her dollar exposure anyway, while she can. Lest we forget, communist economists in China were taught that capitalism destroys itself. For them, there is no clearer proof than the performance of the US economy and the dollar, and they do not intend to get caught up in its demise. Understand this, and you understand all. While the monetary role of gold in the future has yet to be determined by China, and it will be China or the markets that make the decision, for the moment it can be regarded as the ultimate insurance against global currency failure.

ARTICLE

Well it was a no brainer for Killery to want everybody to vote for her before all the info on her wild e-mail handling came out. 
There are a lot of states that will not allow you to change your early vote!! 
I don't think it will matter because she will more than likely have the electoral vote in her favor. 
And yes if google was checking this trend they more than likely would have molested it by now. 
Let's prey that enough people in the swing states that allow people to change their vote will do so.

ARTICLE

Hillary Clinton & The Ghosts Of Watergate Posted on Home » Headlines » World News » Hillary Clinton & The Ghosts Of Watergate 
Are Goldman Sachs et al. delusional? If there is any lesson to be learned from the ghosts of Watergate, it is that the big-money support of a leader who has lost the ability to deliver the goods crumbles very quickly as the endgame unfolds… 

From Charles Hugh Smith, Of Two Minds : 
If there is any lesson to be learned from the ghosts of Watergate, it is that the big-money support of a leader who has lost the ability to deliver the goods crumbles very quickly as the endgame unfolds. 
The parallels between Hillary Clinton and Richard Nixon are not legal–they are political: specifically, how can a leader crippled by scandal and cover-ups govern? 
In even blunter terms: how can a crippled politico deliver the goods to the special interests who bet their cash and political capital on the politico's ability to deliver favors? 
Among the many ghosts of Watergate, one specter especially haunts Hillary: once the special interests and party stalwarts who defended you through every scandal and every cover-up–month after month and year after year, on the promise that you would deliver the goods upon ascending to the presidency–realize you are too damaged to deliver anything of value to anyone, why would they continue supporting you? 
Once a politico has to declare 'I am not a crook' based on legalese rather than a moral foundation, that politico's ability to lead has vanished. 
Hillary and her supporters rely entirely on legalese parsing of wrong-doing rather than on a self-explanatory, basic moral foundation of right and wrong. 
Declaring 'I am not a crook' because the wrongdoing escapes prosecution is the same as declaring 'I am above the law. ' I f the foundation of one's ability to lead is a reliance on legal parsing and allies in the Department of Justice squashing investigations while handing out immunity like candy on Halloween, the political capital required to lead no longer exists. 
Ultimately, the President leads by moral persuasion. Even the political act of delivering the goods to the special interests that funded your campaign and your wealth must be backed by the moral authority of personal integrity and a morally grounded appeal to the common good. 
A politician who has effectively zero personal integrity is only as viable as his/her ability to deliver favors to the few (i.e. special interests) over the objections of the many. A reliance on cold-blooded horse-trading only works if the leader has enough political capital to arm-twist everyone into granting favors to allies and special interests. 
But this political capital rests on moral suasion and support earned not by issuing promises but by leading the nation through thorny thickets to solutions that work for the many, not just the few. 
Once the ability to lead has been lost, special interests can forget about getting favors. And once they realize their politico is a liability rather than an asset, self-preservation requires abandoning the liability as quickly as possible. 
It's nothing personal, it's just business. Anyone who thinks Hillary has the personal integrity to build sufficient political capital to lead is delusional. Anyone who believes Hillary has the moral foundation to deliver the goods to the myriad special interests that have funded her campaign and her personal wealth is equally delusional. 
Are Goldman Sachs et al. delusional? If there is any lesson to be learned from the ghosts of Watergate, it is that the big-money support of a leader who has lost the ability to deliver the goods crumbles very quickly as the endgame unfolds. 
Buy 2017 Gold Panda Coins and Buy 2017 Silver Panda Coins On Pre-Sale Now! Secure Your 2017 Panda Coins Today at SD Bullion!

ARTICLE

Charts Indicate Now May Be an Excellent Entry Point For Silver Posted on Tweet Home » Silver » Silver News » Charts Indicate Now May Be an Excellent Entry Point For Silver Calling an end to the correction in silver is tricky, but technical analyst Clive Maund sees an intermediate base forming for silver stocks, a 'classic buy spot.' Submitted by Streetwise : 
Although at first glance it's a tricky call, because superficially a bear flag appears to be completing in silver, on closer inspection it now looks like silver's correction is done and an intermediate base pattern is completing . If so, we are at an excellent entry point for many silver stocks, which have been savagely beaten down over the past several months—a necessary correction following their outsized run-up earlier in the year. 
On its one-year chart we can see that silver's corrective action from early July has brought it all the way back to its steadily rising 200-day moving average, a classic buy spot, where a potential intermediate base has formed. This corrective action has more than completely unwound the earlier overbought condition. 
However, there are grounds for concern on two counts. One is that the steep drop early in October broke the price below the uptrend line shown, and the other is that the pattern that has since formed looks very much like a bear flag at first glance. If it is, another sharp drop will follow soon. 
Thus, it is interesting to observe that the volume pattern is not consistent with this being a bear flag. Instead, it is consistent with this being an intermediate base pattern. To properly examine the volume pattern in this sideways formation, we need to refer to a three-month chart, which opens it out sufficiently to see what is going on in detail. 
Buy 2017 30 gram Gold Pandas and Buy 2017 Silver Panda Coins On Pre-Sale Now! Secure Your 2017 Panda Coins Today at SD Bullion! 
On the three-month chart, we can see in detail the tight pattern that has developed following the sharp drop early in October. It looks like a bear flag until you look at the volume. Instead of a volume pattern consistent with a bear flag, which would feature greater downside volume days than upside volume, and a steady trend to lighter volume, we have the exact opposite over the past couple of weeks—greater upside volume days and a trend of increasing volume. To steal a term from Infowars or Zero Hedge, this suggests a 'false flag' that will lead to an upside breakout. 
On silver's seven-year chart we can see the 2011–2015 bear market in its entirety, and how breakout from the major downtrend channel led to a not-particularly impressive rally up to important resistance, where the advance stalled out and reaction set in. The relative feebleness of the rally following the breakout from the downtrend is not a cause for concern, as in the early stages of a bull market gold tends to outperform silver—and it certainly didn't bother silver stocks any. Silver's next major upleg should take it above this resistance, albeit perhaps after something of a battle, and then on toward the next important resistance level in the $26–27 zone. 
Although silver's long-term, 20-year chart presents a more messy picture than gold's 20-year chart, it does also show that the 2011 bear market may be viewed as a big correction to the major bull market advance from late 2001, as is the case with gold. Unlike gold's corrective bear market, which stopped at a major support level related to an extensive period of trading in 2008–2009, silver dropped down through its corresponding support level on its corrective bear market, and found support at a lower level related to an extensive period of trading in 2006–2007. All of this does mean that, so far, silver has been underperforming gold. 
Clive Maund has been president of www.clivemaund.com, a successful resource sector website, since its inception in 2003. He has 30 years' experience in technical analysis and has worked for banks, commodity brokers and stockbrokers in the City of London. He holds a Diploma in Technical Analysis from the UK Society of Technical Analysts. Want to read more Gold Report articles like this? Sign up for our free e-newsletter, and you'll learn when new articles have been published. To see recent articles and interviews with industry analysts and commentators, visit our Streetwise Interviews page. This entry was posted in Gold News , Silver News and tagged Clive Maund , gold update , silver update . Bookmark the permalink . Post navigation

ARTICLE

Internet Under Attack Since Transfer to the UN, Washington Prepares for EMP Posted on Tweet Home » Headlines » Finance News » Internet Under Attack Since Transfer to the UN, Washington Prepares for EMP 
Remember how we pondered whether the internet would be shut off (or highly censored) upon being transferred to the UN on October 1st? Just a few weeks later, large swathes of the internet went down. Coincidence or trial run? 

Submitted by Jeff Berwick : 
We'll get into that below. 
Beforehand, however, there have been a number of new 'Executive Orders' straight from the e-pen of Barack O'Bomber in the last few months of a 'very strange' variety. 
Over the summer, a number of orders were given for succession plans in the case of multiple deaths in numerous US agencies. 
And now, Obama just signed an executive order mandating preparations for a future 'extreme space weather event' that has the ability to cripple or destroy the North American power grid and other major electrical infrastructure. 
Signed on October 13th, the order states, 'Space weather has the potential to simultaneously affect and disrupt health and safety across entire continents.' 
What is needed, we're informed, is an 'all-of-nation' endeavor, that includes the military space agency (NASA), the private sector, academia, and the insurance industry – among others. Presumably the federal government would 'coordinate' all this – i.e.: mandate it. 
There are some very strange things afoot! Why this? Why now? 
With each passing day it seems we're getting closer to a major event. Maybe it's one that causes a war or economic collapse. Perhaps it will be an 'EMP' attack masquerading as a 'space event.' It's also possible a long term internet Denial of Service attack could be the cause of collapse. The bankers need a reason to blame for the collapse they've engineered. 
We'd be less suspicious of what's going on if the US wasn't well down the road toward a kind of neo-fascism. It's one with two kinds of justice (Hillary and the elites versus the rest of us), a state of deepening economic depression and heightened military confrontation with both Russia and China as part of endless serial warfare abroad – and increased repression and censorship at home. In fact, the amount of censorship of alternative media sources is running at an all-time high. Barely a day goes by where I don't see one source claiming its post/tweet/video have been removed. 
Obviously, the free flow of information doesn't fit into this 'brave, new world' and thus the US is jettisoning it. 
No coincidence, for instance, that the internet changed hands in the beginning of October when the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers, or ICANN, was handed over to the UN by the US's own Nobel Peace Prize winner, Barack O'Bomber. 
Just about a week ago, we witnessed a massive DDOS attack in the US. According to mainstream reports, it was done by 'hackers' and naturally Killary Clinton took the opportunity to place blame on Russia. These are the same Russians who she says are behind the Wikileaks emails – which incriminate her – and the same Russians who, she claims, are propping up Donald Trump. 
Bloomberg reported that the enormous (and underreported) attack was perpetrated via a Chinese security camera maker. In fact, officials at this Chinese firm admitted that its products, which contained malware, were used to launch the cyber-attack which blocked internet access for millions of users. They then highlighted the threat which they claim is posed by 'the global proliferation of connected devices.' 
Was this all a coincidence or was it a premeditated attack to test the limits of 'control' over the internet? Is it possible that Chinese and US authorities are cooperating to probe internet weaknesses in order to further their 'net dominance. 
Could NASA or the North Atlantic Terrorist Organization (NATO) potentially play a future role in staging an electromagnetic disturbance with the help of the Chinese or the US private sector? These are strange and violent times … 
As Franklin D. Roosevelt said, 'Nothing happens in politics by accident, if it happens, it was planned that way'. 
And, as John Kerry stated, 'This little thing called the internet is making it hard to govern.' 
They appear to have their sights set on this little thing called the internet, in one way or another, to make sure these absurd conspiracy theorists and 'truthers' can't report on what is actually and factually, going on. 
It certainly seems like the US is preparing for something big – maybe a nationwide electro-magnetic catastrophe. One that many reports state would see the population cut by 90% in a matter of months in today's uber-connected and digitally dependent world. 
Last year, we reported on the North American Aerospace Defense Command's plan to re-use the subterranean Cheyenne Mountain bunker in Colorado Springs. NORAD's Commander Admiral William E. Gortney, explained that the EMP hardened mountain base would serve as protection from future 'electromagnetic pulses'. 
Apparently all this arose over concern for NORAD's supposed vulnerability to a potential North Korean nuclear missile attack. Cartoonish Kim Jong-un, or Lil' Kim, who couldn't blow up his own sock drawer if he tried, supposedly has an operational KN-08 nuclear armed missile capable of shutting down the entire North American electrical grid. 
Now, combine these points with Vladimir Putin's promise that only Donald Trump can prevent a potential nuclear war between world superpowers. Then add in Russia's war drills and emergency preparations plus Germany moving its military equipment to the Eastern borders. It's beginning to look like Putin is aware of something 'big' on the horizon as well – just like Obama and the Pentagon. 
For the record, I don't enjoy doing these blogs. It seems every day I am warning of some cataclysmic event or nefarious plot. I don't want to do this. I'd rather live on the beach in Mexico and write about cryptocurrencies or fantastic investment opportunities. 
But, I feel an obligation to report on these things. Because hardly anyone else seems to even mention it. 
Nobody seems to notice, nobody seems to care. 
2017 Gold Pandas and 2017 Silver Pandas Are Now Available! Secure Your 2017 Panda Coins Today at SD Bullion! This entry was posted in Finance News and tagged EMP , Jeff Berwick , The Dollar Vigilante . Bookmark the permalink . Post navigation

ARTICLE

Tweet Home » Gold » Gold News » Here's PROOF The Gold Price is Based On Cost, Not Supply and Demand 
Gold's true value is not based on its cost of production, but rather it's high-quality store of value as a basis of money in the global economy. The reason the value of gold will skyrocket going forward is quite simple: 

From SRSRocco : 
The notion that the gold price is based on the economics of 'Supply & Demand' turns out to be incorrect as the cost of production is the leading factor. This is also true for most commodities and energy. 
Unfortunately, economists and most analysts in the precious metals community will continue to believe that the economic principle of supply and demand determines price. If we look at the data provided in this article, the individual will see how closely related the cost of gold production is to the spot price. 
That being said, the information in this article is only to show the 'commodity pricing mechanism' of gold, not its true store of value. There's a big difference which 99% in the Mainstream media do not understand… and probably a good percentage in the precious metals community as well. Top Two Gold Miners Cost Of Production vs. The Gold Price 
I decided to take the data from the top two gold miners, Barrick and Newmont, for this exercise as they are the largest two gold producers in the world. Yes, I could have spent several days compiling data from the top 20 gold miners, but I don't have the luxury of being paid by a financial institution for my analysis. Regardless, Barrick and Newmont provide a good representation of the cost of producing gold in the entire industry. 
According to my 'Adjusted Income Approach' in determining the full cost of production, I constructed the chart below. One thing that is not included in the adjusted income approach is dividend payouts. I included this in my total cost per ounce for Barrick and Newmont: 
Here we can see that as the price of gold increased over the past 15 years, so did the cost of production for these top two gold miners. In 2000, the total average cost to produce gold for Barrick and Newmont was $243 versus the spot price of $279. Thus, the average profit margin was 13% for these gold mining companies that year. 
As the average price of gold surged to a record $1,669 in 2012, the average cost to produce the yellow metal for Barrick and Newmont increased to $1,386 . Yes, it's true that these two gold miners enjoyed a 17% profit margin that year, but what is wrong with that?? Companies must have profits so they can pay for new projects, shareholder dividends or surplus cash for lean years when losses are incurred. 
If we compare the increase in the gold price from 2000 to 2012 versus the cost of production, we will see a very interesting similar trend: 
Gold Price Increase vs Cost Of Production 2000-2012 
Gold Price Increase 2000 – 2012 = 498% 
Gold Cost Increase 2000 – 2012 = 470% 
While the average gold spot price increased 498% from 2000-2012, the cost of production for Barrick and Newmont jumped 470%. To put it another way, the difference between the increased cost of production (470%) and the average spot price (498%) in the 2000-2012 time period, was a lousy 6%. 
Does the gold mining industry deserve a paltry 6% profit margin over that time period?? Which means… the economists can throw out the window the worthless principle of supply and demand. 
So, why did the cost of gold production increase so much since 2000?? Could it have anything to do with the increased cost of energy?? Well, yes it did. I wrote about this in my previous article, Why Most Analysts's Gold & Silver Forecasts Are Wrong . 
In the article, I show how the price of a barrel of oil increased from $20 in 2000 to $112 in 2012. Thus, the gold cost of production increased nearly five times on the back of a five times increase in the price of oil during that time period. 
Now, if we look at the data for 2015, the top two gold miners profit margin fell to 3.8% as their cost per ounce was $1,116 compared to the $1,160 spot price. The reason the cost of production declined in 2015 versus 2012, was due to the oil price (as well as other energy inputs) falling more than 50%. 
Okay, I imagine many reading this article would wonder why I have stated that the gold price will skyrocket in the future as the price of oil collapses towards $12 by 2020. This doesn't make sense because a lower energy price would also dictate a lower cost of production… hence the gold spot price will fall as well. 
As I stated in the beginning of the article, this information only pertains to the 'commodity pricing mechanism' of gold, not is true 'high-quality store of value.' Gold or silver (to a lesser extent) are not commodities, rather they function as money or stores of wealth. There is a much different way to attribute value to these precious metals than their cost of production. I will touch on that at the end of the article, but there is more information about the cost of gold production we need to understand first. Gold Cost Of Production Understated Due To Massive Share Dilution and Increased Debt 
The gold cost of production for Barrick and Newmont are understated due to the massive amount of share dilution and increased debt. First, let's look at the change in outstanding shares for these two gold mining companies: 
Barrick and Newmont's outstanding shares have more than tripled from 526 million in 2000 to 1,695 million (1.69 billion) shares in 2015. Basically, these two gold mining companies could not afford to expand production from just their surplus profits. Instead, they resorted to issuing more shares to purchase new gold mines or fund new projects. 
Which means, the shareholder took some of the burden for the increased cost or expanded production. While its hard to put a figure on how much higher the cost to produce gold would have been if the shareholder was not used to fund this activity, we can safely assume that it would be higher than it is today. 
Secondly, the total liabilities for these two companies have surged to $32.9 billion in 2015 versus $3.8 billion in 2000: 
Here we can see that Barrick and Newmont's total liabilities are nearly ten times higher than they were in 2000. Of course, some readers will say that these companies expanded production and increased gold projects have also increased their total assets. Yes, this is true… but, if we look at their net increase in gold production since 2000, something seems very wrong here: 
The net result of the increased gold production for Barrick and Newmont since 2000, turns out to be 1.7 million oz, or 17%. Even though these two companies enjoyed higher production in past years, they only produced 17% more gold in 2015 than they did in 2000. Which means, a lot of their new projects were used to offset declines or shut-downs of other mining operations. 
We can clearly see from the data above, these two gold miners cost of production would be higher if shareholder dilution and the increased debt was removed from the equation. The Cost Of Gold Production is Not It's True Store Of Value 
While the data proves that the mining industry has used its shareholder and debt increase to artificially lower the true cost of producing gold, this is not the ultimate methodology to value gold. Gold's true value is not based on its cost of production, but rather it's high-quality store of value as a basis of money in the global economy. 
The reason the value of gold will skyrocket going forward is quite simple. The world has been bamboozled by the Wall Street, Central Banks and the financial media to put 99% of its investment funds in Stocks, Bonds and Real Estate. As oil production and consumption increased in the past, this allowed Global GDP and net worth to grow. 
Unfortunately, the net energy of a barrel of oil supplied to the market has been declining which has pushed its price to record highs. The first warning light was the U.S. Housing and Investment Banking collapse in 2008. To prop up the system, the Fed and Central Banks have thrown in trillions of dollars of liquidity. This has inflated the value of most Stocks, Bonds and Real Estate. 
As the price of oil continues to fall, along with production, this will cause a huge DEFLATIONARY WAVE of destruction throughout the global economies. The 99% of investors finally getting PRECIOUS METALS RELIGION , will move into physical gold and silver to protect wealth. 
This will not be a matter of 'Supply & Demand', rather it will be due the world realizing how little high-quality stores of value there are in the world . As most Stocks, Bonds and Real Estate values continue to plummet, more and more investors will seek the safe-haven status of physical gold and silver. 
More details about this transition in upcoming articles. 2017 Gold Pandas and 2017 Silver Pandas Are Now Available!   This entry was posted in Gold News , Silver News and tagged gold update , silver update , SRSrocco . Bookmark the permalink . Post navigation

ARTICLE

Let us have a look at the data for today 
. 

In silver, the total open interest ROSE by 318 contracts UP to 193,975. The open interest ROSE AS the silver price was UP 8 cents in yesterday's trading .In ounces, the OI is still represented by just less THAN 1 BILLION oz i.e. .970 BILLION TO BE EXACT or 139% of annual global silver production (ex Russia &ex China). 
In silver for October we finished with 39 notices served upon for 195,000 oz. Thus the final standings for silver in October is 555 notices served upon for 2,775,000 oz. An excellent showing for silver in a non delivery month. 
In November, in silver, on first day notice filings: 875 notices were served upon for 1,690,000 oz 
I 
In gold, the total comex gold ROSE by 2,919 contracts WITH THE RISE in price of gold ($4.30 ON FRIDAY ) . The total gold OI stands at 510,070 contracts. 
In gold for October we had 341 notices served upon for 341,000 oz. This should finalize gold as the total number of notices filed for the month totals 9,776 for 977,600 oz or 30.407 tonnes. 
In gold for November: we had on first day notice filings: 875 notices served upon for 87500 oz 

With respect to our two criminal funds, the GLD and the SLV : 
GLD 
TODAY WE HAD NO CHANGES AT THE GLD OUT OF THE GLD 
Total gold inventory rests tonight at: 942.59 tonnes of gold 
SLV 
we had NO CHANGES at the SLV/ 
THE SLV Inventory rests at: 360.673 million oz 
. 
First, here is an outline of what will be discussed tonight: 
1. Today, we had the open interest in silver ROSE by 318 contracts up to 193,975 as the price of silver rose by 8 cents with Friday's trading.The gold open interest ROSE by 2,919 contracts UP to 510,070 as the price of gold ROSE $4.30 IN FRIDAY'S TRADING. 
(report Harvey). 
2.a) The Shanghai and London gold fix report 
(Harvey) 
2 b) Gold/silver trading overnight Europe, Goldcore 
(Mark O'Byrne/zerohedge 
3c FRBNY gold movement report 
(Harvey)   3. ASIAN AFFAIRS 
i) Late SUNDAY night/MONDAY morning: Shanghai closed DOWN 3.78 POINTS OR 0.12%/ /Hang Sang closed DOWN 20.27 OR 0.09%. The Nikkei closed DOWN 21.39 POINTS OR 0.09% Australia's all ordinaires CLOSED UP 0.59% /Chinese yuan (ONSHORE) closed UP at 6.7728/Oil FELL to 48.43 dollars per barrel for WTI and 50.42 for Brent. Stocks in Europe: ALL IN THE MIXED Offshore yuan trades 6.7847 yuan to the dollar vs 6.7728 for onshore yuan. THE SPREAD BETWEEN ONSHORE AND OFFSHORE NARROWS A LITTLE BIT AS MORE USA DOLLARS ATTEMPT TO LEAVE CHINA'S SHORES / CHINA SENDS A MESSAGE TO THE USA TO NOT RAISE RATES IN DECEMBER. REPORT ON JAPAN SOUTH KOREA NORTH KOREA AND CHINA 3a)THAILAND/SOUTH KOREA 
South Korea`s is rocked this morning by an influence peddling scandal similar to the USA charitable foundation scandal 
( zero hedge) b) REPORT ON JAPAN 
A preview of what to expect from Japan`s decision this week. In essence continue what they have been doing: printing money and buying assets 
( zero hedge) c) REPORT ON CHINA 
i)This is now alarming: China`s TED spreads are blowing out as banks are now afraid to lend to one another and a huge dollar shortage. 
( zero hedge) 

ii)Another alarming commentary. China`s debt this year has grown by 4.5 trillion uSA. This growth has basically kept the world`s global economy moving somewhat. When this stops all hell with break loose: a huge deflationary spiral 
( zero hedge)

ARTICLE

Can Hillary Escape This Time? Posted on Home » Headlines » World News » Can Hillary Escape This Time? 
The information that emerges from the Weiner laptop is going to BLOW PEOPLE'S MINDS… 

From Dave Kranzler : 
Stewart Dougherty presents the 2nd part of his disembowelment of the Clinton crime machine. The Weiner email bomb dropped in the middle of this. As it turns out, the Weiner lap-top mishap appears to a 'Black Swan' of sorts that eluded Hillary's tentacles of control. In the piece below, Stewart presents useful background knowledge and intellectual tools with which to help you analyze and interpret the next sequence of events before and after the election (assuming the election is not postponed). 
The information that emerges from the Weiner laptop is going to blow people's minds – John Titus, Best Evidence Productions, in an upcoming Shadow of Truth 
Author's Preface: We are far more interested in markets than politics. To us, free markets represent liberty in motion. But today, politics, and particularly the most corrupt political institution on earth, the Federal Reserve, have markets in a hammer-lock. At this point, we have to understand what is happening in politics in order to understand what is likely to happen in markets. We write a great deal about politics at this critical juncture in order to help you understand markets and achieve the financial freedom you desire and deserve. 
Regarding the breaking Clinton-scandal developments, we believe that in addition to the 650,000 emails retrieved from the Abedin / Weiner computer which are going to show a level of corruption in this nation never before even imagined let alone proved, the FBI's decision to re-open the investigation was related to the Bundy acquittals on October 27, 2016. We believe that government officials are looking up the barrel of a full-blown American revolution. Not the shooting kind, but rather something much worse for them: complete moral rejection of government and Establishment corruption by the PRODUCTIVE CLASS in America, which threatens to rapidly spread into and cripple the American economy just ahead of the holiday selling season. 
The National Retail Federation has just reported that 25% of shoppers are waiting for the election outcome prior to deciding how much they are going to spend during the holidays, something the NRF has never seen before. If principled, productive people feel that this election was stolen from them by Clinton and Establishment corruption, they are going to shut down. 
They are going to WITHDRAW THEIR FINANCIAL CONSENT from a rigged, dirty system that is looting them and destroying their futures. While the government can effectively deal with many kinds of protest, it cannot even begin to deal with a general economic boycott by the productive class, even if it is just at the margin. (All profits are at the margin.) The consequences of such a boycott upon general business activity; tax receipts at all levels from municipal to federal; the stock and bond markets; and the national mood, with its extraordinarily complex and critical interconnections and ramifications would be monumental, and perhaps beyond all American precedent. 
Despite a multi-million dollar, taxpayer-funded Federal legal onslaught in the case against the Bundy's and their co-defendants, the jurors re-confirmed something communicated throughout history. Namely, that while there are a very few things that universally disgust human beings, one of them is bullies. The people are not pleased, and the Establishment knows it is in trouble. Now on to our article.] 
The Clinton Syndrome Curse: A Clinton – Obama Co-Presidency. (The Clinton Syndrome: Part 2) 
In Part 1, we defined the Clinton Syndrome as a psychological condition in which voters develop a favorable attitude toward a political predator who deceives, disdains, swindles and abuses them. It is a variant of the Stockholm Syndrome, but much larger in scope and scale, as demonstrated by the fact that tens of millions of American voters currently exhibit the pathological condition. This Syndrome was identified by Inferential Analytics (IA), an accurate and reliable forecasting method we have developed and use. You can read a detailed explanation of the syndrome in our first article on the subject: 'The Clinton Syndrome: The Establishment's Weapon for National Conquest (Part 1)' LINK 
In this article, Part 2, we delve deeper into what the 2016 presidential election is really all about, and outline the consequences that will occur should the Clinton Syndrome prevail on November 8 th . The Clinton Syndrome has resulted in a potentially deadly national disease which will wreak havoc if it spreads out of control at this time. 
We regard as an existential threat to the United States the fact that tens of millions of American voters have no idea how deeply fraudulent the entire 2016 presidential campaign has been, from the very beginning. If Donald Trump had not appeared out of nowhere, this would never have been an election at all, but rather an orchestrated, planned enablement of the Clintons and their Establishment handlers to engage in unprecedented corruption, regime change and outright plunder. 
If successful, this still-active effort to fraudulently inject the Clintons into the power seat will become a multi-trillion dollar gift to the Establishment elite who know exactly how to profit from Clinton graft and corruption; will destroy what is left of the American economy, which simply cannot sustain four more years of intense looting and fraud; and will result in the outright overthrow of the American form of governance by a deadly new political system that we call 'crony communism (outlined in our article: Crony Communism: Hillary Clinton's Game Plan for America. LINK 
The people have been so confused and deceived by the multi-billion dollar avalanche of deliberately concocted lies and propaganda about this election that they don't even know who is running for President on the Democrat ticket. 
Hillary Clinton has both a co-presidential and a vice presidential running mate, neither of which is Tim Kaine, a corrupt political suck-up and hack who was selected precisely because he will do exactly what he is told, not matter how criminal or immoral. 
Clinton's co-presidential running mate is Barack Hussein Obama; her vice-presidential candidate is the United Nations. This is the Establishment's Dream Team, cooked up to make the fastest possible progress toward their crony-communist and globalist overthrow of the United States. The Establishment realizes that the people are waking up fast to what is being done to them and their country. Therefore, they have put their corrupt machinations into high gear in order to beat the clock, which is ticking loudly. 
When people say that a vote for Clinton means four more years of Obama, they have their arithmetic wrong. A Clinton victory means eight more years of Obama in the next four, and a total knock-out for the nation. 
The Mainstream Media's (MSM) deliberately false narrative is that Obama has been campaigning non-stop for Clinton because he wants to protect his 'legacy,' and believes that Clinton will do this for him. 
This is yet another of the 'Big Lie' mind bombs that have been dropped onto the American people's heads during this colossally fraudulent, dishonest and propagandistic Establishment onslaught to get Clinton elected. 
This narrative is meant to suggest that Barrack Obama wants to retire, and then ride out the rest of his life looking upon his 'legacy.' 
There are two problems with this story. First, Obama's legacy is already blowing up in his and the entire nation's face, so there is nothing Clinton will be able to do to salvage it. Obamacare and the Iran Deal are just two examples among dozens of the collapse of Obama's so-called legacy, which would much better be called a national damnation. 
The second problem is that Obama is only 55 years old and has not given even ONE indication our model can detect that he actually wants or intends to retire. (Soros, one of his champions, is 86 years old and still wreaking havoc worldwide. These people never stop until the Reaper drops in.) In fact, what we see in Obama is the exact opposite: he demonstrates a strong desire not only to remain on the political stage, but to assume a larger presence upon it. 
Speaking at a rally in Philadelphia on September 13, 2016 (while Hillary was at home recovering from 'pneumonia'), Obama said, 'It's good to be back on the campaign trail.' He then said, 'I really, really, REALLY want to elect Hillary Clinton.' (Please carefully consider that sentence, because it is a textbook example (although just one of hundreds over the years) of Obama's pathological Narcissistic Personality Disorder (NPD). He did not say, 'I really, really, REALLY want YOU [the people to whom he was speaking] to elect Hillary Clinton,' but rather, 'I really, really, REALLY want to elect Hillary Clinton,' making the people's national election all about himself. Comments such as this are extraordinarily important to our analysis, and their significance has been borne out time and again over our 15+ years of doing this work. Paradoxically, the smallest factors often have the greatest implications. 
Later in the same speech, Obama boasted (our comments added within brackets): 'More Americans are working [in part time, minimum wage jobs], more have [100% subsidized] health care, incomes are rising [for the establishment elite], poverty is falling [according to false, politically doctored numbers] and gas is $2.00 a gallon. Thanks, Obama!!!' In Obama's narcissistically crippled mind, the entire United States economy is a function of one thing and one thing only: him. Narcissists in positions of power are extremely destructive (e.g. Obamacare), because they are completely out of touch with what is happening in the real, as opposed their self-flattering fantasy world. In any event, this kind of campaign bragging, swagger and grandiosity is not indicative of someone who plans to retire from politics in the next few weeks. 
Obama's clear desire to remain in the game makes him valuable to Clinton, while also making Clinton valuable to him. Intersecting motives are where deals get done. And a Clinton – Obama collaboration would be ideal for the Establishment. Obama has been the gift that keeps on giving to the elite, as they have raked in trillions from his presidency. They want as much of Obama as they can get, because he is a money machine. (For example, witness Obama's continuing efforts to ram the TPP, an Establishment fraud against the people, down the nation's throat. Obama does whatever the Establishment tells him to do, in the full knowledge his 'Library' Slush Fund will be richly rewarded for his efforts, just as the Clinton Slush Fund has been enriched by more than $1.8 billion, with a 'b,' for the Clinton sell-out of people to the elite.) 
Obama is the most internationally-traveled president in the nation's history, having made 51 international trips to 56 different countries during his two terms in office. It is as if he has been running for international office, and now we can see that he has been . His globetrotting has required strength, stamina and energy, the exact physical attributes that Clinton, who has been pictured requiring assistance to climb a short set of stairs, lacks. Given her health issues, Clinton cannot possibly perform on a global stage going forward; she will be lucky to successfully navigate the White House. 
This presents a problem. For the Establishment agenda to be fully executed, Clinton needs international support, and ideally, that international mandates be imposed upon the United States. But she will not be capable of traveling internationally to seal the deals that must get done. 
This is where Obama comes in. While he would never step 'backwards' into a role such as, for example, Secretary of State (an ego-wounding demotion), his passion for continued political involvement would find an excellent home at the United Nations. 
In this Inferential Analytics scenario, Hillary Clinton will get Obama placed in a high level United Nations position. The United States pays for roughly 25% of total United Nations annual budget, far more than any other nation, and still has clout even though more and more countries are turning their backs on America. 
Other nations would support the idea of a senior role for Obama if it were made clear to them that his mission would be to continue the 'fundamental transformation' of the United States that he promised during his 2008 campaign and has been conducting ever since. This 'transformation' has done extreme damage to the United States, and while it has been a disaster for America, it has been good for the rest of the world. Finally, they see a means by which to bring the United States to heel. The idea of the further weakening of the United States will sound to them like a very good deal. The one assurance they will seek is that in exchange for giving Obama an important role at the U.N., Obama will get Clinton to agree not to incinerate the northern hemisphere in a nuclear war, at least not until they have finalized their preparations for it. 
A Clinton – Obama co-presidency will be a double body-blow to the nation, with Clinton turning it into a corrupt, crony-communist Establishment lootocracy from within, and Obama destroying it from without. 
Leveraging the United Nations, Clinton and Obama can effect two personal agendas they have long sought: gun control, and a multi-million person 'open borders' invasion of America. The first agenda will disarm the people, which has been Job #1 in every communist takeover in history; the second will ensure that the 'Last American Presidential Election' occurs on November 8, 2016. In the future, presidents and all other politicians and government agency heads will be appointed by the Establishment, exactly as happens in communist regimes. While there might be 'show elections,' the outcomes will have been pre-determined at every level far in advance. 
A Clinton – Obama co-presidency will also ensure that other Establishment objectives are met. These include the institution of carbon taxes (an enormous and unprecedented new revenue source and looting opportunity); the passage of the TPP (an Establishment bonanza); and the maximum-possible imposition of the New World Order regime change agenda upon the nations and their people. 
While Obama could advance the Establishment's aims in virtually any high level position at the U.N., a role that would make him particularly deadly at the outset would be Co-chair of the United Nations High Commission for Refugees (UNHCR), joining current head Filippo Grandhi. 
Obama could make his appointment a matter of smooth sailing by stating his belief that the United States is a large, wealthy, relatively under-populated nation that could rapidly absorb a large number of immigrants. By promising to tap into the country's private wealth, Obama could warrant that all new immigrants would be fully covered by the country's comprehensive welfare system upon arrival, which is exactly what happens today. This idea would be intoxicating to the new Secretary General of the United Nations, Antonio Guterres, who was the former head of the UNHCR and is an avowed socialist. 
The United Nations currently reports the existence of more than 60,000,000 displaced persons and refugees in the world. If the United States pledged to take in, say, 5,000,000 of them, senior U.N. officials would be delighted. What would they have to lose? Dealing with the integration and cost issues would be America's problem, not theirs. The U.N. could pass a resolution, written by Obama in such a way as to make it convertible into an Executive Order by Clinton, mandating the acceptance of these refugees by the United States. Clinton would put up her hands and say, 'I didn't do it. The U.N. did it, and we must do our 'fair share,' while also complying with international law and being decent and responsible international citizens.' 
As we have pointed out in the past, the United States government is irredeemably bankrupt by any accounting definition one wishes to use. With $20,000,000,000,000.00 in on-the-books debt, another $10,000,000,000,000.00 in debt projected to be added over the next decade (it will be far greater than this, given current trends), and at the very minimum another $120,000,000,000,000.00 in unfunded debt and contingent liabilities, there is absolutely no way the government can ever pay its obligations. So you might wonder, how could the government possibly pay for an immigrant invasion of this magnitude? 
The answer is, the government won't pay for it; the people will. This is what crony communism is all about. It is estimated that today, there is roughly $70 trillion in private wealth in America. Assuming that half of it, or $35 trillion belongs to the cronies and is off-limits, this leaves $35 trillion that is available for expropriation and looting. While this is certainly not enough to fix America's fiscal problems, not even close, it could fund 4 years' worth of radical fiscal adventurism as well as crony communism regime change. 
As Hillary Clinton has repeatedly said during this campaign, 'We are going to go where the money is,' and if you don't take that statement seriously, we believe you are making a very big mistake. She and top colleagues such as Sanders and Warren have said in plain English, at a high decibel level that they are coming for your money, and they are, because in their minds, you don't deserve to have any. Just as Obama once famously said, in a rare, honest, off-script, non-tele-prompted moment, 'If you have a business, you didn't build that,' he and his fellow crony communists also believe, 'If you have saved some after-tax money, you don't deserve to have that.' To them, any savings you possess represent funds the government should have gotten its hands in the first tax cycle, but didn't. They intend to rectify that error going forward. 
We have outlined this theme to demonstrate that this election is about an agenda that very few people understand, because it has deliberately been withheld from them. In actuality, the voters have no idea what Clinton truly stands for, or what the Establishment agenda, which she fully believes in and will implement, really is. The stakes in this election are therefore greater than those of any other election in our nation's history, in our view. This is why the Establishment has spent billions of dollars rigging it. They intend to collect trillions in plunder on the other side, but they can only do so if it goes their way. As we have already seen, they will stop at nothing to get what they want. 
Some Implications of a Clinton – Obama Co-presidency: 
Here is a snapshot of the forecast generated by IA in the event of a Clinton – Obama victory: The Clinton – Obama Co-presidential regime will be the most secretive and non-transparent presidency in U.S. history. Clinton will become invisible, just as she often has during the campaign, not just for health reasons, but because she will turn her back on everyday citizens, whom she disdains, once she gets the prize she has sought her entire life. Obama will make secret deals all over the world (think of the secret Iran cash payments and deal, and his behind-the-scenes agitating for TPP, but on a much larger scale, as illustrations). Every one of these deals will be a dagger in the nation's back. The American people will never again know the truth about what actually goes on behind government doors, or about the corruption that infects the entire political and establishment system. The political class will never again allow itself to suffer Wikileaks-like exposure. Politics will shift to a CIA-like 'need to know' model, where information is doled out selectively and in piece-parts. Only a very few at the top will know the overall agenda, and the full set of tactics being employed to achieve it. Anyone who compromises or exposes the system will simply be executed. (Seth Rich comes to mind.) Going forward, the people will know absolutely nothing about what is really happening in Washington, D.C., or about the D.C. / Wall Street and Establishment initiatives. Orwell's prophecy, '1984,' which is already quite real, will become even more so. The United States will experience an accelerating Brain Drain. Forward-thinking people will realize that America's slide into predatory crony-communism can and will never be reversed, and that it will be impossible for them and their loved ones to get ahead in such a corrupt, suffocating environment. (Imagine being scolded, lectured, insulted and talked down to on a regular basis by people like Clinton, Obama and Warren, because that is exactly what will happen.) Progressive countries will put out the welcome mat for hard-working, principled, skilled, entrepreneurial Americans. No one will want America's whining, lazy, non-productive, 'entitled' mooches. That's just a fact. Virtually every nation anyone would actually want to move to for a better opportunity grades potential immigrants according to age, education, language proficiency, skills and likelihood to be productive. Prospects are disqualified if they do not earn a sufficient score. No sensible nation on earth wants to bring in do-nothings whose only capability is to leech off its producers. Productive Americans who remain in the country for their own reasons will quietly adopt a John Galt mindset, sidestepping the corruption and crony communist expropriation by shutting down, dropping out and fading off the radar screen. This will result in an immediate slow-down of business activity, which will ultimately lead to economic collapse. Given that all profits are at the margin, relatively small percentage declines in sales can entirely wipe out income. The John Galt effect will result in the collapse of the nation's many Ponzi schemes, such as Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid, pensions (government and private) and the biggest one of all, Government Debt. These schemes simply cannot be maintained in a dramatically slowing business environment, no matter how much private wealth is looted. Government will take draconian steps to shut down all non-government-sanctioned news and information outlets. Their prime target will be the Alternative Media, which will only be further empowered, and embraced by the people. A powerful Resistance movement will spread like wildfire. Nonetheless, people should fill their minds with as much truth as they possibly can right now, because it will become much harder and more expensive to find in the future. Today's Alternative Media is the greatest gift any people in history have ever received, and people should leverage it as best they can while they can. A steady retreat by government officials and establishment elitists to their multi-trillions of dollars' worth of taxpayer-funded bunkers will occur, as they seek to hide from the American people, who will be waking up by the additional tens of thousands every day. A Federal Reserve December rate hike has a 0% chance of happening if Clinton is elected; there is a 100% chance of a rate hike if Trump is elected. The Fed is a totally political organization, and they will do everything they can to punish the voters and scorch the economic earth if the people choose Trump over the Establishment agenda the Fed has been 100% behind. If Clinton wins, people will IMMEDIATELY be bombarded with MSM reports about the implications of the 2016 election upon the 2018 mid-term and 2020 general elections. This will be part of a full-scale effort to inject mass quantities of Hopium into the Trump supporters' brains, and get them to focus not upon the rigged election of 2016, but on the 'next' election where, they will falsely be told, their vote will 'really count!' In the meantime, the Establishment will be doing everything necessary to ensure that the 2018 and 2020 'elections' are completely rigged, fraudulent and meaningless. A massive move into real money will begin, and this will be the subject of our next article. There are developments in this sphere that you must know about, and one of the most important Inferential Analytics themes we have ever examined was triggered on October 27, 2016. We will have a full description in the next week or so. 
In conclusion, the 2016 election is an existential event for the United States. W believe that the situation is becoming so unstable that you have little time to do everything you can to prepare, and get your personal houses in order. We are writing to help as best we can, while we can. 
Stewart Dougherty 
Stewart Dougherty is the creator of Inferential Analytics, a forecasting method that applies to events proprietary, time-tested principles of human instinct, desire and action. In his view, forecasting methods not fundamentally based upon principles of human action are unlikely to be reliable over time. He is a graduate of Tufts University and Harvard Business School and has developed IA over a period of 15+ years. 
Buy 2017 Gold Pandas and Buy 2017 Silver Panda Coins On Pre-Sale Now! Secure Your 2017 Panda Coins Today at SD Bullion!

ARTICLE

Podcast: Play in new window | Download 
The western banking system is broken. With U.S. treasuries selling off, the banking system will be caught on the wrong side of the trade when it comes to derivatives on interest rate swaps. As the U.S. banks collapse, get ready for foreign banks to take their place. This and much more with a viewers' questions edition of the Silver Doctors' podcast with the one and only Dr. Jim Willie! 

CLICK HERE to SUBSCRIBE for free to the Silver Doctors' YouTube channel so you do not miss part 3!

ARTICLE

  World News » *Breaking: Wikileaks Bombshell Reveals Collusion Between Clinton Campaign And DOJ's Peter Kadzik 
As most of our readers assuredly are aware, yesterday the DOJ stepped in 'to assist' with the FBI's new Hillary Clinton email investigation, with the DOJ's Peter Kadzik (a friend of the Clinton Campaign) to head up the investigation. That last fact is no longer a secret to the American Public as this new Wikileaks Bombshell reveals Kadzik sent the Clinton Campaign the following: 
'Heads up. Another filing in the FOIA case went in last night or will go in this am that indicates it will be awhile (2016) before the State Department posts the emails.' 
From ZeroHedge : 
On Monday we were the first to note that Podesta's friend Peter Kadzik was the DOJ representative chosen to head up a 'thorough' review of the new Huma Abedin emails as revealed by a letter he wrote to Congress. Given Kadzik's personal relationship with Podesta, it seemed like a 'convenient' choice for the Clinton campaign. 
In the letter to Congress, the DOJ writes that it 'will continue to work closely with the FBI and together, dedicate all necessary resources and take appropriate steps as expeditiously as possible,' assistant attorney General Peter J. Kadzik writes in letters to House and Senate lawmakers. 
'Ironically', that is the same Peter Kadzik who has proven his 'impartiality' in multiple WikiLeaks emails including this newly released bombshell in which Kadzik provides a very helpful 'heads up' about Hillary's email server investigation. 
Sure, who needs an independent investigator…this guy will do just fine.

ARTICLE

Hungry Venezuelans Try To 'Put Maduro On Trial' After Recall Referendum Fails Posted on   Finance News » Hungry Venezuelans Try To 'Put Maduro On Trial' After Recall Referendum Fails 
While Maduro and his loyalistas can stave off opposition for now, it only makes the inevitable more potent. 

From Mac Slavo, SHTFPlan: 
He won't go easily. That seems certain enough. 
There may be pressure, quietly, from the United States, but that doesn't change the fact that the Venezuelan people are eager to be rid of their dictatorial leader and return to some sort of functioning normalcy. 
When everyone is hungry, there is no quiet. 
In the latest turn of events, President Maduro's government squashed a referendum in the National Assembly to recall him from office… but now his opponents are attempting to put him on trial. 
The measure itself has no chance of passing, but the symbolic gesture is telling enough f or a country that's increasingly desperate and uneasy. For the past couple of years, pressure from dropping oil prices has exacerbated a weak and failing socialist system – making distribution, infrastructure, electric power and other necessities impossible to maintain. 
via Reuters : Venezuela's opposition-led National Assembly in a rowdy session on Sunday pressed to put Nicolas Maduro on trial for violating democracy, days after authorities nixed a recall referendum against the unpopular leftist president. The measure is unlikely to get traction as the government and the Supreme Court have systematically undermined the legislature on grounds it is illegitimate until it removes three lawmakers accused of vote-buying. But it marked a further escalation of political tensions in the crisis-hit OPEC nation. 'It is a political and legal trial against President Nicolas Maduro to see what responsibility he has… The session was briefly interrupted when around 100 apparently pro-government protesters stormed in, brandishing Socialist Party signs and shouting 'The Assembly will fall!' before officials herded them out. […] 'The Socialist Party is showing what it has left. There are no ideas or arguments, only violence!' said opposition leader and two-time presidential candidate Henrique Capriles. 
[…] 
…opposition congressmen chanted 'The people are hungry and want a recall!' 
While Maduro and his loyalistas can stave off opposition for now, it only makes the inevitable more potent. 
As JFK observed: ' Those who make peaceful revolution impossible will make violent revolution inevitable.' 
This appears truer than ever in Venezuela. There is every sense that total chaos is coming . 
Venezuela has since devolved into a nightmare, prompting many of its people – perhaps regardless of politics – to support his ouster. Maduro has argued that the U.S. is waging economic war against him, and there is truth in the fact that pro-U.S. factions are eager to remove him. Nonetheless, it's not an argument to allow him to continue wielding power. 
Already, Venezuela has reached the point where people must wait in line for hours for their turn to buy goods – if they are available. Otherwise, they must rely upon inflated black market prices, and more desperate measures like poaching, robbery and looting . 
Some Venezuelans have been traveling to the borders of Colombia and Brazil just to purchase food and stock up on necessities that are too hard to find at home. 
Normal life has been upended, and significant levels of hunger, malnutrition, violence and unrest are taking hold. 
Many are unhappy with either the ruling socialist party, or with the pro-American opposition who have wielded power in the past on the basis of its oil-rich resources. Most just want security, and an end to hunger. This entry was posted in Finance News and tagged Mac Slavo , SHTFPlan , Venezuela hyperinflation . Bookmark the permalink . Post navigation

ARTICLE

Zimbabwe Headed for Hyperinflation…Again Posted on Home » Headlines » Finance News » Zimbabwe Headed for Hyperinflation…Again 
We're sure this time will be different… 

From Simon Black, Sovereign Man : 

Some people just don't learn. 
After becoming the most famous case of hyperinflation in modern history roughly ten years ago, Zimbabwe is about to have another go at conjuring paper money out of thin air. 
I'm sure this time will be different. 
You know the story. Starting in the late 1990s, the Zimbabwe government's policies under Robert Mugabe began to have some devastating effects. 
He confiscated private property from established (mostly white) farmers and redistributed the land in very tiny tracts to his supporters, most of whom had no experience in farming. 
Unsurprisingly, Zimbabwe's once-booming agriculture exports collapsed almost overnight. 
This destructive, authoritative control pervaded across nearly all industries, and by the early 2000s, the economy was in dire straits. 
Unemployment and inflation skyrocketed. 
In 2001 alone, retail prices doubled. But that was just the beginning. 
Inflation rose so quickly that the government was having to constantly print new denominations of currency– thousand Zimbabwe dollar notes, then ten thousand Zim dollar notes… then million dollar notes… even trillion dollar notes. 
By 2007, the hyperinflation was so bad that prices were doubling roughly every day. 
My friends here in Zimbabwe tell me stories of going out for drinks at a bar; they'd drink a few beers for an hour or so, after which the bartender would inform them that the price of a beer had just increased by 50%. 
People learned very quickly to spend money as soon as possible, and long lines formed at grocery stores as an entire nation desperately tried to turn their paper currency into something useful. 
Even a simple loaf of bread became a store of value. 
One friend told me how he would buy a loaf of bread in the morning with his spare change, and then sell it in the afternoon so that he would have enough money to pay the bus fare back home. 
Some economists estimate that Zimbabwe's hyperinflation peaked at more than 500 BILLION percent– an incomprehensible figure unless you've lived through it. 
In 2009 it all ended. The government stopping printing money, and Zimbabwe became a 'hard currency' economy. 
US dollars, euros, pounds, South African rand, and even Chinese renminbi have been circulating here ever since; merchants and consumers basically use whatever currency they can to engage in transactions. 
Essentially there is no Zimbabwe dollar anymore. 
But that hasn't solved any of the country's problems. 
In the late 1990s, Zimbabwe's GDP was roughly $30 billion. Today it's just $13.5 billion, than $1,000 per capita. 
Independent agencies estimate the unemployment rate here at over 80%, and the average worker makes just a few dollars per day. 
It's not hard to understand why. Taxes, fees, and absolutely insane regulations abound in Zimbabwe. 
And even at age 92, Robert Mugabe still maintains dictatorial power and a tight (albeit arthritic) grip over the economy. 
To give you an example, the mere possession of a radio in your car (if you're lucky enough to be able to afford a vehicle) requires an annual fee of $50. 
The same applies if you have a television set in your home. 
Many imports have been banned outright (leading to major shortages given that domestic production is practically nonexistent). 
And whatever few goods are allowed to be imported typically come with a tax bill of 100%. 
A friend of mine is in the farming business here in Zimbabwe; every time he tries to invest and improve production, he's punished with a string of exorbitant taxes on capital and equipment. 
And it's not just the taxes and fees… it's the mountains of paperwork and bureaucracy that are required across dozens of offices and agencies. 
This is literally the exact opposite of what any government should do, especially one that's experiencing such a prolonged depression. 
But apparently these politicians have memories like goldfish. Because their grand solution now is to go back to the roaring 2000s and start printing money again. 
They're calling them 'bond notes', and as you can imagine, the government has already promised that they'll exercise restraint and print these new bond notes in very limited quantities. 
Of course, that's the same thing they said 15 years ago. 
And it's the same thing that every government and central bank says when they embark on an initiative to print money. 
This is such typical thinking, and sadly not limited to Zimbabwe 
People in power across the world, including in North America and Europe, rely on this incredibly limited playbook. 
They think they can engineer prosperity by going into debt and conjuring money out of thin air. 
They think they can legislate and regulate their way to a quality healthcare or education system. 
And when the majority of their initiatives fail, or even have the exact opposite effect as intended, they don't learn from their mistakes. 
They simply print more money, pass more laws, and go deeper into debt. Do you have a Plan B? 
If you live, work, bank, invest, own a business, and hold your assets all in just one country, you are putting all of your eggs in one basket. 
You're making a high-stakes bet that everything is going to be ok in that one country — forever. 
All it would take is for the economy to tank, a natural disaster to hit, or the political system to go into turmoil and you could lose everything—your money, your assets, and possibly even your freedom. 
2017 Gold Pandas and 2017 Silver Pandas Are Now Available! Secure Your 2017 Panda Coins Today at SD Bullion!

ARTICLE

Tweet Home » Headlines » World News » Get Ready For Civil Unrest: Most Americans Are Concerned About Election Violence 
There is a tremendous amount of concern on the right that this election could be stolen by Hillary Clinton. Voting machines in Texas are already switching votes from Donald Trump to Hillary Clinton. If Hillary Clinton wins this election under suspicious circumstances, it may be enough to set off widespread civil unrest all across the country. 

From Michael Snyder : 
Could we see violence no matter who wins on November 8th? Let's hope that it doesn't happen, but as you will see below, anti-Trump violence is already sweeping the nation. If Trump were to actually win the election, that would likely send the radical left into a violent post-election temper tantrum unlike anything that we have ever seen before. 
Alternatively, there is a tremendous amount of concern on the right that this election could be stolen by Hillary Clinton. And as I showed yesterday, it appears that voting machines in Texas are already switching votes from Donald Trump to Hillary Clinton. If Hillary Clinton wins this election under suspicious circumstances, that also may be enough to set off widespread civil unrest all across the country. 
At this moment there is less than two weeks to go until November 8th, and a brand new survey has found that a majority of Americans are concerned 'about the possibility of violence' on election day… 
A 51% majority of likely voters express at least some concern about the possibility of violence on Election Day; one in five are 'very concerned.' Three of four say they have confidence that the United States will have the peaceful transfer of power that has marked American democracy for more than 200 years, but just 40% say they are 'very confident' about that. 
More than four in 10 of Trump supporters say they won't recognize the legitimacy of Clinton as president, if she prevails, because they say she wouldn't have won fair and square. 
But many on the left are not waiting until after the election to commit acts of violence. On Wednesday, Donald Trump's star on the Walk of Fame was smashed into pieces by a man with a sledgehammer and a pick-ax… 
Donald Trump took a lot of hits today, and not just in the Presidential race. With less than two weeks to go before America decides if the ex- Apprentice host will pull off a surprise victory over Hillary Clinton, Trump's star on the Hollywood Walk of Famewas destroyed early Wednesday morning by a man dressed as a city construction worker and wielding a sledgehammer and pick-ax in what looks to be a Tinseltown first. 
And there were two other instances earlier this year when Donald Trump's star was also vandalized. One came in January, and the other happened in June… 
This is of course not the first time the GOP candidate's star has been attacked or defaced since Trump announced his White House bid in summer 2015. The most extreme measure was a reverse swastika being sprayed on the star at 6801 Hollywood Blvd in late January. In June this summer, a mute sign was painted on Trump's star in a seemingly protest against the antagonistic language and policies some have accused Trump of promoting and reveling in during the campaign. In both cases, Trump's star was quickly cleaned and back as new within a day. 
We have seen anti-Trump violence on the east coast as well. Earlier this month, someone decided to firebomb the Republican Party headquarters in Orange County, North Carolina. On the building next to the headquarters, someone spray-painted 'Nazi Republicans get out of town or else' along with a swastika. 
There have also been other disturbing incidents of anti-Trump violence all over the nation in recent days. A recent Lifezette article put together quite a long list, and the following is just a short excerpt from that piece… 
On Oct. 15 in Bangor, Maine, vandals spray-painted about 20 parked cars outside a Trump rally. Trump supporter Paul Foster, whose van was hit with white paint, told reporters, 'Why can't they do a peaceful protest instead of painting cars, all of this, to make their statement?' 
Around Oct. 3, a couple of Trump supporters were assaulted in Zeitgeist, a San Francisco bar, after they were allegedly refused service for expressing support for Trump, GotNews reports. 'The two Trump supporters were attacked, punched, and chased into the street by 'some thugs' that a barmaid called out from the back.' Lilian Kim of ABC 7 Bay Area tweeted a photo of the men, in which one was wearing a Trump T-shirt and the other was wearing a 'Blue Lives Matter' shirt. 
On Sept. 28 in El Cajon, California, an angry mob at a Black Lives Matter protest beat 21-year-old Trump supporter Feras Jabro for wearing a 'Make America Great Again' baseball cap. The assault was broadcast live using the smartphone app Periscope. 
There is a move to get Trump supporters to wear red on election day, but in many parts of America that might just turn his supporters into easy targets. Let's certainly hope that we don't see the kind of violent confrontations at voting locations that many experts are anticipating. 
Of course there are also many on the right that are fighting mad, and a Hillary Clinton victory under suspicious circumstances may be enough to push them over the edge. 
For example, this week former Congressman Joe Walsh said that he is 'grabbing my musket' if Donald Trump loses the election… 
Former Rep. Joe Walsh appeared to call for armed revolution Wednesday if Donald Trump is not elected president. 
Walsh, a former tea party congressman from Illinois who is now a conservative talk radio host, tweeted, 'On November 8th, I'm voting for Trump. On November 9th, if Trump loses, I'm grabbing my musket. You in?' 
And without a doubt, many ordinary Americans are stocking up on guns and ammunition just in case Hillary Clinton is victorious. The following comes from USA Today… 
'Since the polls are starting to shift quite a bit towards Hillary Clinton, I've been buying a lot more ammunition,' says Rick Darling, 69, an engineer from Harrison Township, in Michigan's Detroit suburbs. In a follow-up phone interview after being surveyed, the Trump supporter said he fears progressives will want to 'declare martial law and take our guns away' after the election. 
Today America is more divided than I have ever seen it before, and the mainstream media is constantly fueling the hatred and the anger that various groups feel toward one another. 
Ironically, Donald Trump has been working very hard to bring America together. In fact, he is solidly on track to win a higher percentage of the black vote than any Republican presidential candidate since 1960. 
If Hillary Clinton and the Democrats win on November 8th, things will not go well for Hillary Clinton's political enemies. The Clintons used the power of the White House to go after their enemies the first time around, and Hillary is even more angry and more bitter now than she was back then. 
And the radical left is very clear about who their enemies are. This is something that I discussed on national television earlier this month… 
As I write this, it is difficult for me to even imagine how horrible a Hillary Clinton presidency would be. 
But at this point that appears to be the most likely outcome. 
Out of all the candidates that we could have chosen, the American people are about to put the most evil one by far into the White House. 
Perhaps Donald Trump can still pull off a miracle and we can avoid that fate, but time is rapidly slipping away and November 8th will be here before we know it. On Sale At SD Bullion… This Week Only…

ARTICLE

Home » Headlines » Finance News » The Hyperinflationary Death Watch 
Every hyperinflation is unique. No one wants the chaos it will bring. We are not rooting for it. Monetary crisis is always part and parcel or a extension of the inevitable cycles of history. The DEATH WATCH has begun… 

From Dr. Jeffrey Lewis : 
An almost hysterical antagonism toward the gold standard is one issue which unites statists of all persuasions. They seem to sense – perhaps more clearly and subtly than many consistent defenders of laissez-faire – that gold and economic freedom are inseparable, that the gold standard is an instrument of laissez-faire and that each implies and requires the other. – Alan Greenspan 
Every hyperinflation is unique. No one wants the chaos it will bring. We are not rooting for it. Monetary crisis is always part and parcel or a extension of the inevitable cycles of history. 
The current path will at some point become yet another statistic. Like each currency collapses that has come before it, the next one will be burned into the viscera and the psyche of a generation. It should serve as a warning, though sadly it will likely be forgotten again as the collective memory fades. 
Here is an excellent summary of the underlying process from the How Fiat Dies blog: 
Isn't the U.S. very different from Weimar Germany or Zimbabwe? 
Each case of hyperinflation is unique, so if you are looking for differences you will always find them. You need to understand the common characteristics. Hyperinflation happens because government debt gets over 80% of GNP and deficit gets over 40% of spending. It does not matter how you get into that situation. Hyperinflation works the same if you lose a foreign war, a civil war, a dictator goes crazy, a government with excessive foreign debt, nationalizing too many businesses, rampant corruption, productive collapse, excessive regulation, a regime change, too many taxpayers fleeing high taxes, a massive depression, or whatever. It just matters that the government is spending nearly twice what they get in taxes and has already borrowed more than is reasonable. When they are in this situation they cannot borrow more, except from the central bank under their control. So they get the central bank to make money and 'loan' it to them. When the reality is the only way they can pay back that 'loan' from the central bank is by first getting another 'loan' from the central bank, you are probably headed for hyperinflation. 
Another problem is that people often compare the U.S. before hyperinflation to some country during hyperinflation, which is not a fair comparison. For example, after prices are shooting up and interest rates go up, no banks will be making 30 year loans. So people will say the fact that the U.S. is making loans shows that it is different than some country with hyperinflation. This is silly. Of course, a country that does not yet have hyperinflation is different from a county in the midst of hyperinflation. The real trick is recognizing the circumstances that lead to hyperinflation. 
When a country gets hyperinflation, there are a number of stages it goes through. 
Things are very different as hyperinflation progresses. 
The Buffet Paradox 
Watch as they do, not as they say. 
Quote from Warren Buffet's father, Howard Buffet: 
'I warn you that politicians of both parties will oppose the restoration of gold, although they may outwardly seemingly favor it. Unless you are willing to surrender your children and your country to galloping inflation, war and slavery, then this cause demands your support. For, if human liberty is to survive in America, we must win the battle to restore honest money.' 
The irony is nearly absurd. Warren Buffett and his partner Charlie are the archetypes of the ant-capitalist movement. 
They are perceived to be the enemies of precious metals. 
Why does this dynamic duo scorn precious metals? 
Because they need the system in tact. Their survival depends on the mainstream buying it. They are to the mainstream culture, as Goldman Sacs is to their clients. There is no awareness; no punishment for recommending a flawed strategy for your clients that enriches your owners. 
In essence, this is manipulation gone wild. It is what the bullion banks accomplish with their interventions. They move the price, paint sentiment, induce buying and scoop up the real assets. 
Buffet is buying physical assets and infrastructure. Energy and transportation to move that energy. Essentially, he is dumping dollars. And it is perfectly rational from the mainstream perspective. 
Simply follow the money. He is no different than you or I who, instead, dump dollars for hard assets and the infrastructure to store it. 
Growth is the key, velocity is the myth. 
Have you ever seen an economy in which it's so easy to borrow, but so hard to earn? 
That is the key – the juxtaposition of no growth and low interest rates. It is unsustainable – and as the system fails incrementally, the very medication applied will be increased. 
We have billions of dollars of corporate buybacks pushing stocks higher. This is a far cry from real growth. 
The socialization of the U.S. mortgage market – where privately issued mortgages (unbacked by government guarantees) have virtually vanished. 
The unemployment number farce; if you remove enough potential workers from the count, the unemployment plummets toward zero. Orwell is twitching in his grave. 
The U.S. economy contracted by 2% in the first quarter of 2014, managing to wipe out $100 billion in economic growth from the initial forecast for Q1 GDP. 
But what is more compelling is that if one excludes the artificial stimulus to the U.S. economy generated from the Obamacare Q1 taxpayer-subsidized scramble, Q1 GDP would have contracted, not by 1%, but by 2%! 
All of this comes with good intentions centered on the belief that intervention on this scale will magically lead to an economy that no longer needs extreme manipulations to sustain itself. 
The monkey's conclusion after the fish dies is that he should have done more sooner. This echoes all the way up to the most powerful money policy makers, including the infamous Ben Bernanke and his narrow belief that the first Great Depression could have been avoided if more aggressive monetary measures had been implicated. 
The calm before the storm. 
Today, we have the spectacle of stagnant wages and rising prices. 
Currently, we don't have hyperinflation. We have steady, grinding, and relentless inflation. 
It's not the inflation that makes you think of wheelbarrows. It's the sort of inflation that quietly eats your grandchildren. 
Growth is the life blood of all organic systems. If an economy is not moving forward, it is dying. Organic growth in this iteration has all but vanished. Short term pain for long term gain is an anathema. Long written off and socialized out of the vernacular. This is the ultimate signal of impending collapse. And it is right in front of us. 
The next hyperinflation will very quickly become an historic anomaly difficult to relate with. Yet we can see the current experiment evolving right before our eyes. If only we dare to look and take action. 2017 Gold Pandas and 2017 Silver Pandas Are Now Available! Secure Your 2017 Panda Coins Today at SD Bullion!

ARTICLE

And You Thought the Silver Market was Rigged! Posted on Home » Headlines » Finance News » And You Thought the Silver Market was Rigged! 
The great irony will not be lost on precious metals investors… 

From Dr. Jeffrey Lewis : 
We live in a world where the yield-starved and tech-savvy conspire in the basement of the underground and unaccounted. While the rise of Bitcoin and the explosion of alternative currencies may become the new scapegoat of behavioral finance, there is nothing quite like the reality of trickle down finance gone wrong. 
Recently, EU officials called for putting safeguards on Internet currency. 
The European Banking Authority called on the EU to develop safeguards for trading platforms. They were also called to start groups to oversee each Internet currency to ensure that no individual can manipulate the integrity of a particular virtual currency scheme and its key components. In the meantime, banks shouldn't buy, hold or sell virtual currencies. 
They stated: 
'European Union banks should shun virtual currencies such as Bitcoin until rules to prevent abuses are put in place, according to the Bloc.' 
This would be sad if it wasn't so ironic. 
It is also ironic that one of the other excuses for regulation is that electronic currencies make it harder for regulators to 'manage monetary policy', which is one of the reasons for using alt currencies to begin with to avoid the unintended consequences of intervention. 
The key point is that media and the financial elite see the central banks as regulators and policy makers. 
The 100 year old central banking meme is still very much alive and well. 
On the surface, Bitcoin represents many things. To the precious metals inclined, it is often framed as an alternative or substitute. 
But it is better to view the phenomenon and an anonymous currency with market backing. 
The Bitcoin trading is well advanced. Not only do dozens of exchanges exist, but they are also functioning like their mainstream financial counterparts. 
Yes, similar equities and other paper trading vehicles borrowing Bitcoins is a robust and well entrenched phenomenon. Margin swaps run in excess of $25 million on a daily basis. 
Spin-off currencies are an even more dramatic spectacle. Well in excess of 200 individual currencies, these 'software code-backed' instruments are born on an almost weekly basis. Coders, the exchanges, and a handful of insiders collude on the rise and inevitable fall of these new alternative currencies. New crypto currency launches come equipped with the most advanced automated social media marketing tactics. 
The tactics used to launch a new currency are an extension of those pioneered by the penny stock 'pump and dump' phenomenon. At least the penny stocks have some form of backing — and not just code. 
Regulation of these markets is a show. 
First of all, regulators do not understand alt currencies anymore than they understand high frequency trading or algorithm. And secondly, while there is certainly a taboo associated with this, there really isn't much money to go after. 
In addition, the rate in which these new currencies crash and burn (and the relatively small size of the pool) results in an odd form of self or market regulation. Alternative currencies beckon for their own form of backing. 
But speaking of justice and regulation… 
Isn't it ironic that any fuss should be made over these small markets, when a journey up the chain of modern finance reveals the same corruption and collusion – only worse? 
When you consider that mainstream financial regulators are always one step from rotating into the banks they are charged with regulating, it becomes much easier to fathom the astounding degree of corruption. 
And then there are the precious metals markets. 
Regulators, exchanges, and a small handful of advantaged and well positioned players have access to the greatest ongoing pump and dump scheme imaginable. 
It makes what happens in the alt currencies seem like child's play – which is some ways it is when you consider the average age of the typical coder copying and pasting the next program into the next new currency. 
The great irony will not be lost on precious metals investors. As the alt currency markets burn themselves out one by one before regulators have a chance to get close, the fuse has been lit on another (largely) limitless electronic experiment gone wrong. As the gold and silver pump and dump becomes recognized for the scam that it is, the desperate search for wealth will become apparent and too late for most.

ARTICLE

CDC Vaccine Whistleblower On Dumping EVIDENCE of AUTISM in the TRASH Posted on Tweet Home » Headlines » World News » CDC Vaccine Whistleblower On Dumping EVIDENCE of AUTISM in the TRASH 
More is at stake here than the danger of the MMR vaccine. The CDC has done hundreds of key studies on vaccine safety. They are all thrown into doubt by Thompson's assertion — recently quoted by Congressman Bill Posey on the floor of the Congress—that Thompson and his colleagues brought a garbage can into a CDC office and threw out documents that would have shown the MMR connection to autism. 

My previous article, 'CDC commits new vaccine-autism crime,' details the CDC's refusal to allow its own researcher and chief whistleblower, William Thompson, to testify in a court case involving a boy who was severely damaged by vaccinations. 
TND Guest Contributor: Jon Rappoport 
It's time to remember William Thompson—again. Here are excerpts from two articles I wrote before the stunning film Vaxxed ( trailer ) was released. Vaxxed is all about Thompson's revelations and their implications. 
(August 2015) …William Thompson, long-time CDC researcher, publicly admitted he hid evidence that indicted the MMR vaccine for its connection to autism. 
It's been a year since Thompson publicly accused his colleagues at the CDC of doing the same thing. Two of those colleagues, Frank DeStefano and Collen Boyle, are high-ranking CDC executives in the area of vaccine safety. 
During this past year, mainstream reporters and defenders of the realm have taken two approaches: silence; and vague claims that Thompson's statements are false. 
Both of these approaches are slimy and disingenuous, because the man we want to hear from is Thompson himself. And we have not. 
We want to hear from him in a public setting, in front of a hearing where he can speak at length, where he can fill in details, where he can air all his claims without censorship. 
At the moment, the possibility of such a hearing is remote, because the US Congress is bought and sold. 
Short of a hearing, we want Thompson to sit down with a reporter and speak on camera, extensively, and submit himself to questions. 
He has said he will not do this. He and his lawyer, Rick Morgan, know there are a number of reporters who will do a proper interview, without edits. I could easily name a dozen reporters who would conduct an in-depth interview, live, online, for the whole world to see. 
What if there never is a full-blooded open Congressional hearing? What then? Will Thompson maintain silence for the rest of his life? 
More is at stake here than the danger of the MMR vaccine. The CDC has done hundreds of key studies on vaccine safety. They are all thrown into doubt by Thompson's assertion — recently quoted by Congressman Bill Posey on the floor of the Congress— that Thompson and his colleagues brought a garbage can into a CDC office and threw out documents that would have shown the MMR connection to autism. 
This speaks of a massive indifference to human life and safety. 
Thompson should also know, and certainly does know, that Congressional hearings have a way of soft-pedaling accusations against government agencies. There is no guarantee that, in such a setting, he would be able to air his confession and his grievances in full. 
Whereas, in an interview with independent investigators/reporters, he would have complete latitude. Time constraints would not apply. He would be asked for many, many details. The full story, from his point of view, would emerge. 
It is my conclusion that Thompson entered into an arrangement with his bosses at the CDC. After his public confession of a year ago, it was too late to put the genie back in the bottle and cork it. But damage control could be undertaken. 
Thompson could say ( and he did ) t hat he was willing (and only willing) to work with Congress to present the truth. His CDC bosses were confident they could, with the help of powerful friends in government and in the pharmaceutical industry, prevent Congressional investigation and exposure. 
And if Thompson maintained silence otherwise, refusing to talk to reporters, he would be off the hook. 
The CDC assured Thompson that he could continue to work for them and retire and receive his full pension. 
That's my conclusion. If I'm in error, let Thompson or his lawyer, Rick Morgan, correct me.

ARTICLE

Tweet Home » Silver » Silver News » It's Going to Change RADICALLY With Silver – HUGE Demand Coming | Cliff High 
Data mining expert Cliff High says the economy is much worse than most people think, and that bubble is going to pop after Election Day. Inflation is also coming, and that will be very positive for precious metals . High contends, ' Gold and silver are going to rise relative to the falling currencies. Gold and silver in actual purchasing power will also rise. They won't be saying an ounce of gold bought a good suit 100 years ago and an ounce of gold will buy a good suit now. That's going to change, and it's also going to change radically with silver . Also, in our data sets between 2019 and 2024 , silver becomes the metal to have… You need to have silver . 
2017 Gold Pandas and 2017 Silver Pandas Are Now Available! Secure Your 2017 Panda Coins Today at SD Bullion!

ARTICLE

Exposing Huma Abedin, Rigged Election Computers & the Man Behind the Rigged Silver Market Posted on Home » Silver » Silver News » Exposing Huma Abedin, Rigged Election Computers & the Man Behind the Rigged Silver Market 
Is it finally time to EXPOSE the rigging of the Gold and Silver markets? The rising silver price today may be our clue to that mystery: 

From Bix Weir : 
As I've said before – this battle is way more complicated and has deeper implications than just the Presidential Election. This is about taking down the Bad Guys and all their embedded moles in the government and in the financial institutions. 
So here we go with exposing just WHO Hillary Clinton trusted with all our 'State Secrets.' 
A quick introduction to Huma Abedin… 
But the Bad Guys still have power over the rigged electronic voting machines so it may have to come down to an armed STREET WAR unless the Bad Guys stand down. 
It's getting more and more likely that there will BE NO ELECTION on November 8th unless the Good Guys better unleash EVERYTHING they have on the emails before we get too close to election day. 
Also, I have noticed a lot of talk about the Clinton's relationship with Marc Rich again. Is it finally time to EXPOSE the rigging of the Gold and Silver markets? The rising silver price today may be our clue to that mystery!

ARTICLE

Home » Headlines » World News » The Fix Is In: NBC Affiliate Accidentally Posts Election Results A Week Early: Hillary Wins Presidency 42% to Trump's 40% 
NBC affiliate WRCB TV in Chattanooga, Tennessee has inadvertently posted election night results exactly 1 week early. It appears The Fix Is In: 

From Mac Slavo, SHTFPlan : 
NBC affiliate WRCB TV in Chattanooga, Tennessee has inadvertently posted election night results. The results page appears to be similar to what mainstream news networks display on election night, including Presidential and Congressional results, the popular vote count, electoral votes, and percentage of precincts reporting. 
The page, a screen shot of which has been sourced from internet archive site The Wayback Machine , is posted below and shows totals for the upcoming Presidential race. It announces Hillary Clinton as the winner. 
As Jim Stone notes, the page was pulled directly from the WorldNow.com content management platform utilized by major networks like NBC, CBS, ABC and Fox and appears to be a non-public staging area for news and election results. 
The original page has since been reset. 
( Click here for full size image ) 
Though the results information appears on an FTP server at WorldNow.com, media companies like NBC's WRCB TV utilize the platform, also know as 'Frankly,' to power their news content. This can be verified directly a the WRCB web site by scrolling to the very bottom of the page footer which notes that it is, 'Powered By Frankly.' 
In addition to national results, Jim Stone has identified another page at the WorldNow.com FTP server that appears to show the State-By-State Presidential election results. This page is also accessible in archive format at WayBack Machine with a line by line breakdown available at Stone's website. 
Of interest is that the State-By-State results indicate a Hillary Clinton win in states like Texas (42% to 40%), Florida (44% to 40%) and Pennsylvania (44% to 40%) which have all been identified as states Clinton must steal to win the election . 
Do these latest election 'results' confirm that the fix is in and the vote is rigged? 
If so, then we are no longer looking at an election where our votes will count, but rather, a selection where the winner is determined by those who count the votes.

ARTICLE

Gold & The Dollar Moving In Tandem? Fund Manager Explains Important Shift Posted on Home » Silver » Silver News » Gold & The Dollar Moving In Tandem? Fund Manager Explains Important Shift 
The manipulated gold and silver correction is OVER… 

From PM Fund Manager Dave Kranzler : 
One interesting occurrence that has not been written about in the precious metals alternative media or blog space yet is that gold has been quietly moving in tandem with the dollar over the past several trading sessions. It has been quite pronounced during the past four trading days, today inclusive. In the previous 15 years, gold's best periods of return have occurred when gold and the dollar move in tandem higher for a brief period of time, followed by a period of time when the dollar heads south and gold continues higher. 
If you look at graphs of both gold and the dollar side by side, you'll see that this occurred in late 2005 into early 2006, when gold moved higher until May while the dollar fell and again in late 2008. It's too early tell if that will happen now, but suffice it to say that both are moving in tandem right now and it's worth watching to see if it continues. My theory is that there's flight to safety into gold and the dollar ahead of an adverse economic event. As the event unfolds, the dollar begins to sell off but capital continues to flow into gold as the ultimate wealth preservation asset. 
The above analysis is an excerpt from the latest issue of IRD's Mining Stock Journal which was released last night. Earlier today, Bill 'Midas' Murphy poked his head out of the New Orleans Investment Conference and asked me why the metals were acting 'so goofy' this morning, to which I replied: 
Interestingly, gold and the dollar have been moving in tandem the past several days. Not perfect correlation but I bet its 80-85%. I discussed this in the latest issue of my Mining Stock Journal . Over the last 15 years, gold has had some of its best performance periods when it moved in tandem with the dollar for a bit then took off higher while the dollar sold off. It's been moving in tandem with the dollar today as well. 
The manipulated correction is over. India and China are buying a LOT of gold right now. Two days ago nearly 100 tonnes were delivered onto the SGE. I don't think the cartel can take gold lower and I think right now they are merely trying to keep the 'beachball' from popping above the surface of the water. Every time gold pops up, they hit it, but gold bounces back like one of those punching clowns. 
At some point they are going to have to go back into 'managed retreat.' Maybe once the election is over. 
You'll note that there's now been a complete reversal in the precious metals sector, with gold, silver and the HUI running higher and the SPX/Dow headed south. This entry was posted in Gold News , Silver News and tagged Dave Kranzler , gold manipulations , gold update , silver manipulation , silver update . Bookmark the permalink . Post navigation

ARTICLE

Chairman Cash' – John Podesta is Paid $7,000 a Month by Foundation Run by Banker With Ties to Financial Crisis Posted on Home » Headlines » World News » 'Chairman Cash' – John Podesta is Paid $7,000 a Month by Foundation Run by Banker With Ties to Financial Crisis 
'Chairman cash.' A new meme has just been born… 

Submitted by Michael Krieger : 
Last Friday, I published a post titled, John Podesta's Sister-in-Law Lobbied For Raytheon While Hillary Was Secretary of State , which understandably got totally buried in the madness surrounding the latest FBI news. Here's the first paragraph of that post: 
The Podesta family seems particularly adept at earning extraordinary sums of money via selling out the American public. Earlier this year, I highlighted how John Podesta's brother Tony was paid $140,000 per month by the medieval monarchy of Saudi Arabia. After all, who cares about women's rights when the pay is good? 
Indeed, it's not just relatives of Podesta who know how to rake in the cash. John is no slouch either, as Politico explained in an article published earlier today. 
Here are a few excerpts: 
Hillary Clinton's campaign chairman, John Podesta, last year signed a $7,000-a-month contract with the foundation of a major Clinton donor who made a fortune selling a type of mortgage that some critics say contributed to the housing collapse, hacked emails show. 
In February of last year, as Podesta was working to lay the groundwork for Clinton's soon-to-launch campaign for the Democratic presidential nomination, he signed the contract with the Sandler Foundation, which was started by Herb Sandler and his late wife Marion Sandler. 
The contract — a copy of which was included in emails illegally obtained from Podesta's Gmail account and disseminated Monday by WikiLeaks — is still active, according to Herb Sandler, who said that it calls for Podesta to provide advice on grant-making and other foundation functions. 
It's unusual for the full-time chairman of a general-election presidential campaign to maintain an active side deal with a major donor to that campaign — let alone to raise money from that donor for the campaign. 
The WikiLeaks cache shows that Podesta provided Sandler with philanthropic advice and assortments of cheeses and pastas as gifts on the holidays, while Sandler offered all manner of political observations and once tried to get Podesta to arrange for former President Bill Clinton to write a blurb for a book written by one of Sandler's friends. 
Lobster risotto? 
But Sandler brushed aside any concerns about potential conflicts of interest. 
'I have never asked for anything of any political person — zero requests ever,' Sandler said. 'If they're responsive, it's because they regard me as thoughtful, and a major contributor to Democratic causes,' Sandler said, adding that Podesta 'knows that he doesn't get bullshit from me. He knows I have no hidden agenda. He knows that my values are similar to his and that we care about people and not the billionaires, even though I ended up by some crazy thing to be one.' 
Neither Podesta nor the Clinton campaign responded to questions about the contract. 
Herb Sandler's Clinton-related giving picked up last December after a visit from Podesta. 
The campaign's finance director Dennis Cheng responded 'Great!!,' calling Podesta '#ChairmanCash.' 
'Chairman cash.' A new meme has just been born. 
The very next day, Sandler gave $1.5 million to Priorities USA Action, to which he has now given a total of $3 million, FEC records show. 
The family's fortune comes from the savings and loan institution that Herb and Marion Sandler ran for decades, a bank that became World Savings. It would end up making boatloads of cash from a type of adjustable rate mortgage that other lenders would later adopt, securitize and sell in a way that some have blamed for contributing to the housing bubble that burst in 2008. Not long before the burst and subsequent recession, the Sandlers sold the bank for $25.5 billion to Wachovia, earning $2.6 billion off the sale and donating most of their net worth to their foundation. Wachovia was later acquired by Wells Fargo. 
The Sandlers met Podesta when they helped seed the Center for American Progress, the think tank he started in 2003 as a sort of Democratic administration in exile during George W. Bush's presidency. Tax filings show that the Sandler Foundation has donated more than $37 million over the years to CAP, which worked to support President Barack Obama's administration but has always been seen as more aligned with Clinton. 
Center for American Progress…where have we heard that before? Oh yeah, in last week's post, Dennis Kucinich's Extraordinary Warning on D.C.'s Think Tank Warmongers , we learned: 
The self-identified liberal Center for American Progress (CAP) is now calling for Syria to be bombed, and estimates America's current military adventures will be tidied up by 2025, a tardy twist on 'mission accomplished.' CAP, according to a report in The Nation, has received funding from war contractors Lockheed Martin and Boeing, who make the bombers that CAP wants to rain hellfire on Syria. 
Remember peasants, war is ok if 'liberals' do it. Now back to Politico … 
The WikiLeaks emails reveal that Podesta and his team at the Center for American Progress discussed how to push back on scrutiny of the Sandlers related to the 2008 housing collapse. That included an October 2008 'Saturday Night Live' sketch in which an actor playing Herb Sandler thanked members of Congress 'for helping block congressional oversight of our corrupt activity.' 
Podesta wrote to his colleagues that he'd talked to Herb Sandler, and 'they are obviosly [sic] upset. Weird that snl should pick them out.' 
After doing some research, a subordinate replied that 'it appears default rates on their stuff was high (herb says not more so than others) and the losses were key to almsot wachovia failure — athough herb emphasizes that they were only one of the institutions problems.' 
Sandler told POLITICO that any suggestion that his bank's products contributed to the collapse were 'a bunch of bullshit,' pointing out that their bank used a risk-averse approach to their loans, which had among the lowest default rate in the industry. 
But Scott Walter, president of Capital Research Center, a conservative nonprofit that monitors the giving of major liberal donors including Sandler, argued that Podesta's newly revealed contractual relationship with Sandler stood in stark contrast to Clinton's efforts to cast herself as tough on the financial industry. 
'This is another instance where the Clinton campaign has been revealed to have surprising links to some of the most dubious parts of the finance industry,' Walter said. 
The Sandlers' philanthropy increasingly has focused on fighting financial inequality and the role of big money in politics — a subject about which Herb Sandler and Podesta emailed frequently, according to WikiLeaks. 
Interesting considering he is big money in politics, and seems to have no problem endlessly cheerleading the chosen candidate of America's oligarchs. 
Sandler explained to POLITICO that during the process of working to launch the center, he realized 'we had been picking his brain ad nauseum' for years without paying Podesta as a consultant — a scenario Sandler called 'very unfair.' That led to the consulting contract, which Sandler cast as 'a ripoff' for Podesta. 'I'd pay a lot more for that advice,' Sandler said, calling Podesta 'one the most intelligent, decent, thoughtful human beings I'd ever met.' 
In March, as Clinton's Democratic primary campaign against Bernie Sanders grew increasingly bitter, Sandler emailed Podesta just to check up. 
'How are you?' Sandler wrote. 'MIss you.' 
Call me crazy, but if he was really so focused on solving income inequality why wasn't he supporting Bernie Sanders? 
But hey.

ARTICLE

Home » SD Podcast » INTERNAL COUP AGAINST HILLARY? | Jason Burack 
Jason Burack from WallStForMainSt.com joins Silver Doctors to discuss the bombshells from the FBI and Wikileaks that are killing Clinton's campaign . 
Burack says FBI director James Comey should have indicted Hillary Clinton in July. By reopening the investigation into Hillary Clinton's private email server, Comey is trying to save himself, Burack says. 
Latest Wikileaks is revealing corruption also in the media. Hacked emails show former CNN contributor and DNC chair Donna Brazile gave questions to Clinton before some primary debates. 
But this leak about Brazile is insignificant compared to other revelations from Wikileaks, Burack says. He says the big news from Wikileaks really is the emails showing Clinton's willingness to do anything for money. 
Even more damaging leaks may still be on the horizon , Burack says. There are rumors the Clinton's 33,000 deleted emails will be released before the election. 
Finally, stay tuned to find out whether there is an internal coup against Clinton! This entry was posted in Finance News , SD Podcast and tagged Clinton , collapse , Crisis , Crooked Hillary , Donald Trump , Elijah Johnson , Email Scandal , FBI James Comey , FBI reopens Hillary emails , Federal Reserve , financial collapse , Gold , Hillary Clinton , hyperinflation , inflation , silver doctors , Trump , Trump collapse economy . Bookmark the permalink . Post navigation

ARTICLE

  Bombshell: Fox News Reports FBI To Move To 'Likely Indictment' Of Clinton 
Fox News' Bret Baier has a bombshell of a report: Two key sources within the agency say the FBI is moving towards 'likely an indictment' for Hillary Clinton. 
Baier's 7 HUGE Take-aways: ' One : The Clinton Foundation investigation is far more expansive than anybody has reported so far… Several offices separately have been doing their own investigations.' ' Two : The immunity deal that Cheryl Mills and Heather Samuelson, two top aides to Hillary Clinton, got from the Justice Department in which it was believed that the laptops they had, after a narrow review for classified materials, were going to be destroyed. We have been told that those have not been destroyed — they are at the FBI field office here on Washington and are being exploited. ' ' Three : The Clinton Foundation investigation is so expansive, they have interviewed and re-interviewed many people. They described the evidence they have as 'a lot of it' and said there is an 'avalanche coming in every day.' WikiLeaks and the new emails. ' [ Four ] 'They are 'actively and aggressively pursuing this case.' Remember the Foundation case is about accusations of pay-for-play… They are taking the new information and some of them are going back to interview people for the third time. As opposed to what has been written about the Clinton Foundation investigation, it is expansive.' [ Five ] 'The classified e-mail investigation is being run by the National Security division of the FBI. They are currently combing through Anthony Weiner's laptop. They are having some success — finding what they believe to be new emaisls, not duplicates, that have been transported through Hillary Clinton's server. [ Six ] 'Finally, we learned there is a confidence from these sources that her server had been hacked. And that it was a 99% accuracy that it had been hacked by at least five foreign intelligence agencies , and that things had been taken from that…' [ Seven ] 'There has been some angst about Attorney General Loretta Lynch — what she has done or not done. She obviously did not impanel, or go to a grand jury at the beginning. They also have a problem, these sources do, with what President Obama said today and back in October of 2015…' 
[The full, forty-minute segment can be viewed here .] 
BRET BAIER: Breaking news tonight — two separate sources with intimate knowledge of the FBI investigations into the Clinton emails and the Clinton Foundation tell Fox the following: 
The investigation looking into possible pay-for-play interaction between Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and the Foundation has been going on for more than a year . Led by the white collar crime division, public corruption branch of the criminal investigative division of the FBI. 
The Clinton Foundation investigation is a, quote, 'very high priority.' Agents have interviewed and reinterviewed multiple people about the Foundation case, and even before the WikiLeaks dumps, agents say they have collected a great deal of evidence. Pressed on that, one sources said, quote, 'a lot of it,' and 'there is an avalanche of new information coming every day.' 

WikiLeaks played a key role: 
Some of it from WikiLeaks, some of it from new emails. The agents are actively and aggressively pursuing this case. They will be going back to interview the same people again, some for the third time. 
As a result of the limited immunity deals to top aides, including Cheryl Mills and Heather Samuelson, the Justice Department had tentatively agreed that the FBI would destroy those laptops after a narrow review. We are told definitively that has not happened. Those devices are currently in the FBI field office here in Washington, D.C. and are being exploited. 
The source points out that any immunity deal is null and void if any subject lied at any point in the investigation. 
Meantime, the classified e-mail investigation is being run by the National Security division of the FBI. They are currently combing through former Democratic Congressman Anthony Wiener's laptop and have found e-mails that they believe came from Hillary Clinton's server that appear to be new , as in not duplicates. 
Whether they contain classified material or not is not yet known. It will likely be known soon. All of this just as we move inside one week until election day.

ARTICLE

The Next Big Shoe to Drop Posted on   The Next Big Shoe to Drop 
This is yet another source of highly flammable fuel that will result in more gasoline when the Fed is called in… 

From Dr. Jeffrey Lewis : 
More than 40 million young Americans carry federal and private student loan debt – amounting to over $1 trillion. Defaults are on the rise and the issue has grown to become a nasty wealth transfer mechanism, as well as sad example of the failure of finance in general. 
This week, President Obama announced a new initiative framed as a way of addressing the issue. Sadly, it is far from the mark, and just one more indication that monetary masters are the real puppeteers. 
Many have pointed out that the student loan debt bubble could be the next subprime crisis. 
Perhaps so, but it is potentially much worse, acting as an anvil when considered in the context of other consumer debt like car loans and credit cards. 
The student debt debacle has the potential of corrupting not only education, but a generation as well. 
It risks becoming the blight on a generation of would-be productive and innovative work force. 
Furthermore, the workforce declines, and falls behind, as more students return home to live with parents. And the extra burden on multi-generational households adds yet another deflationary force to the natural trend. 
From the perspective of bankers, policy makers, and the propaganda machine, college loan programs have been a tremendous success, providing access for students who would otherwise not be able to afford the privilege. 
It is about threading a narrow political path. 
Defaults are on the rise and the notional value of student loans went north of $1 trillion. 
Servicers must be getting nervous; the lobbyists are circling the wagons. 
There is no clear indication of who will pay for it – or how. 
Defaults on the rise; one in seven currently default. 
The news of doing something comes around to yet another intervention with all the familiar signs that it is meant to save the financiers and has very little to do with helping students. 
The problem is that this is too little too late. 
Student loan debt is a trillion dollar reality in the context of a major, ongoing depression. 
We are a Nanny state – with almost 50 million on food stamps and more on some sort of assistance. Labor force participation is at 40 year lows. 
There is already a major dis-incentive to work. If you take a horrible minimum wage job, you lose valuable benefits, entitlements. 
Which, incidentally, also explains why while it took the U.S. economy 6 years to recover all the job losses since Lehman. This took place at the expense of 13 million Americans leaving the labor force for good even as the U.S. population rose by 15 million. 
It also means that using a historical average participation rate, U.S. unemployment is over 11%, while underemployment is currently well in the 20% range – a far more realistic assessment of where the U.S. economy really is. 
People on assistance programs are literally paid to stay home – think of the cultural implications. 
It's almost a conspiracy. You have a massive class of under the table people with no voice. Give them bread and circuses. 
The student loan debacle is another story. 
For the parents, the typical situation is framed by skyrocketing tuition; and little help from scholarships become fractions in the face of rising tuition. 
The income cut-off for need-based financial aid is low. 
Parents are expected to contribute 25% of pre-tax income to the cost of tuition. 
If you earn $80K a year and your child's college tuition is $20K, you get nothing in terms of need-based financial aid. And that 25% doesn't count room & board, books, etc. 
So, it's basically impossible for middle-class families to send their kids to college without taking out student loans. In fact, the entire higher-education system is built to force people into debt if they want to send their kids to college. 
And it has a sinister underlying theme… 
It's always about the 'irresponsible student' or the 'hairdresser subprime loan borrower' who 'should have known better'. 
They should have known that housing prices eventually fall, even though 'everyone' in the mainstream, including the chairman of the Federal Reserve said they would not. They should have read carefully the fine print instead of trusting the fancy loan officer. 
And everyone knows that without a college education you will not succeed, so 'borrow whatever it takes'. You'll pay it back. 
Two decades of further tweaks to the bankruptcy code ensued until 2005, when Congress passed the Bankruptcy Abuse Prevention and Consumer Protection Act of 2005. This Act made it so that no student loan — federal or private — could be discharged in bankruptcy unless the borrower can prove repaying the loan would cause 'undue hardship,' a condition that is incredibly difficult to demonstrate unless the person has a severe disability. It essentially lumps student loan debt in with child support and criminal fines — other types of debt that can't be discharged. 
But our system is perfectly fine going after the invisible – those without a political voice – whether the poor or elderly who get crushed by inflation, or the 18 year olds who get out with $100K in debt and an art appreciation degree. 
But the price of education should tell an even deeper story…. 
Quality of Education Suffers 
The compounding irony is that not only does the price of education go up, but the quality goes down. Institutions become entrenched. There is little incentive evolve, tenure runs rampant. And the curriculum declines. 
Higher education becomes both a commodity and a spectacle. Not a vehicle for progress or a reflection of the needs of the culture or the economy. 
That may not be hyperinflation…but it's very sad. College education quality has not risen proportionately with price. 
Student loan debt is out of control by any and all measures. It's a debacle that benefits no one besides the banker and the servicers. The schools lose by making themselves unviable in the long run. 
The students come away with non-dischargeable student loans and enter a world without, for the most part, having any marketable skills. 
Sadly, the student loans are just one more politically untouchable issue providing yet another source of highly flammable fuel that will result in more gasoline when the Fed is called in.

ARTICLE

100 oz Sunshine Silver Bars Just $0.29/oz Over Spot ANY QTY! Posted on Tweet Home » Silver » Silver Coins » 100 oz Sunshine Silver Bars Just $0.29/oz Over Spot ANY QTY! You must be logged in to post a comment. Today's Top Articles Privacy Policy THE ANALYSIS AND DISCUSSION PROVIDED ON SILVERDOCTORS IS FOR YOUR EDUCATION AND ENTERTAINMENT ONLY, IT IS NOT RECOMMENDED FOR TRADING PURPOSES. THE DOC IS NOT AN INVESTMENT ADVISER AND INFORMATION OBTAINED HERE SHOULD NOT BE TAKEN FOR PROFESSIONAL INVESTMENT ADVICE. THE COMMENTARY ON SILVERDOCTORS REFLECTS THE OPINIONS OF THE DOC AND OTHER CONTRIBUTING AUTHORS. YOUR OWN DUE DILIGENCE IS RECOMMENDED BEFORE BUYING OR SELLING ANY INVESTMENTS, SECURITIES, OR PRECIOUS METALS. WE DO NOT SHARE IN YOUR PROFITS, AND THUS WILL NOT TAKE RESPONSIBILITY FOR YOUR LOSSES AS WELL. Search

ARTICLE

Home » Headlines » Finance News » Investment Strategist Forecasts Collapse Timeline: 'The Last Gasp Will Come In 2018' 
You have about a year to get ready for the next leg of the collapse… 

From Mac Slavo, SHTFPlan : 
It is no longer a question of whether or not financial markets and the U.S. economy will collapse. That, according to a host of experts, both mainstream and alternative, is a given. 
The only question now is 'when' that moment will come. 
According to Christine Hughes, chief investment strategist at Otterwood Capital, it will be very soon. Basing her assessment on historically dead-on yield curve analysis, Hughes says in her latest update to clients that we're looking at a maximum breaking point of 2020, but that some time in the next 12 – 15 months is the more likely scenario, which pegs the next crisis right at the beginning of 2018 . 
First, the chart, which has been near perfect in its accuracy thus far and shows just how rapidly the yield curve has collapsed in the last 12 months: 
Hughes explains what it means for you and why you can expect 2018 to be the year of reckoning: 
As the bond market sees a recession slower growth means lower interest rates and it [the yield curve] collapses. So let's assume we're like every other time in history and that happens. Then it moves forward to 2018… 
So, 2018, according to the yield curve, is pretty much the last gasp we have for this economic cycle. We're closing in on 2016 now… we basically have a year… maybe a year to 15 months before we have the next crisis on our hands. 
So if you are levered personally or corporately… if a lot of your assets are in illiquid stuff… the Canadian housing market comes to mind… You might want to think about existing and liquefying yourself. 
Watch the video report: 
Wolf Richter of Wolf Street explains why the Treasury Yield Curve is so important: 
Since early July, the 30-year US Treasury Bond Price Index has plunged 8.3%. It's now called 'the rout' in longer-dated government bonds. One of the specters is rising inflation at a time of ultra-low yields. 
What has become the number one predictor of a bear market in stocks over the past many decades? The US Treasury yield curve. It drives bank lending – which can strangle the economy. But this time, the risks are much higher, and the potential economic consequences steeper. 
We know it is only a matter of time at this point. 
Greg Mannarino of Traders Choice has made similar warnings, noting that the bond markets are signaling a massive crash ahead. And when that crash finally takes place the fall out after the debt bubble bursts, according to Mannarino, could lead to extremely serious consequences: 
So, when the debt bubble bursts we're going to get a correction in population. It's a mathematical certainty. 
Millions upon millions of people are going to die on a world-wide scale when the debt bubble bursts. And I'm saying when not if… 
… 
When resources become more and more scarce we're going to see countries at war with each other. People will be scrambling… in a worst case scenario… doing everything that they can to survive… to provide for their family and for themselves. 
There's no way out of it. 
Source: Analyst: 'Millions Upon Millions of People Are Going to Die on a World-Wide Scale When the Debt Bubble Bursts' 
If Mannarino and Hughes are right, you have about a year to get ready for the next leg of the collapse . 
Buy 2017 Gold Pandas and Buy 2017 Silver Panda Coins On Pre-Sale Now! Secure Your 2017 Panda Coins Today at SD Bullion!

ARTICLE

FBI Closes In On Hillary! Posted on Home » Headlines » World News » FBI Closes In On Hillary! 
We now have 5 separate FBI cases probing the Hillary-Bill Clinton inner circle. Here is the background on those 5 cases and all of the major players that we are going to cover: 

FIVE INVESTIGATIONS UNDERGOING BY THE FBI ON CLINTON, THE CLINTON FOUNDATION AND INNER CIRCLE/TRUMP SURPASSES CLINTON IN THE POLLS/DEUTSCHE BANK STOCK PLUMMETS AGAIN/DB'S CHIEF ECONOMIST BLASTS THE ECB AGAIN: THEY MUST BE HURTING!/569,000 OZ ADDED TO THE SLV/2.67 TONNES ADDED TO THE GLD 
Gold closed at $1306.40 up $20.40 
silver closed at $18.66 or up 47 cents. 
Access market prices: THE DAILY GOLD FIX REPORT FROM SHANGHAI AND LONDON 
. 
The Shanghai fix is at 10:15 pm est and 2:15 am est 
The fix for London is at 5:30 am est (first fix) and 10 am est (second fix) 
Thus Shanghai's second fix corresponds to 195 minutes before London's first fix. 
And now the fix recordings: 
Shanghai morning fix Nov 2 ( 10:15 pm est last night): $ 1294.53 
NY ACCESS PRICE: $1289.70 (AT THE EXACT SAME TIME) 
Shanghai afternoon fix: 2: 15 am est (second fix/early morning):$ 1296.08 
NY ACCESS PRICE: 1291.70 (AT THE EXACT SAME TIME/2:15 am) 
HUGE SPREAD TODAY!! 4 dollars 

London Fix: Nov 2: 5:30 am est : $1295.85 (NY: same time: $1296.10: 5:30AM ) 
London Second fix Nov 2: 10 am est : $1303.75 (NY same time: $1301.75 , 10 AM ) 
Shanghai premium in silver over NY: 59 cents. 
It seems that Shanghai pricing is higher than the other two , (NY and London). The spread has been occurring on a regular basis and thus I expect to see arbitrage happening as investors buy the lower priced NY gold and sell to China at the higher price. This should drain the comex. 
Also why would mining companies hand in their gold to the comex and receive constantly lower prices. They would be open to lawsuits if they knowingly continue to supply the comex despite the fact that they could be receiving higher prices in Shanghai. 
end 
NOTICES FILINGS FOR NOVEMBER CONTRACT MONTH: 381 NOTICES FOR 38,100 OZ TONES 
NOTICES FOR NOVEMBER CONTRACT MONTH FOR SILVER: 12 NOTICES OR 60,000 OZ 

Let us have a look at the data for today 
. 

In silver, the total open interest ROSE by 4181 contracts UP to 196,912. The open interest FELL AS the silver price was UP 63 cents in yesterday's trading .In ounces, the OI is still represented by just less THAN 1 BILLION oz i.e. .985 BILLION TO BE EXACT or 141% of annual global silver production (ex Russia &ex China). 
In November, in silver, 12 notice filings: FOR 60,000 OZ 
I 
In gold, the total comex gold ROSE by 12,920 contracts WITH THE RISE in price of gold ($14.90 YESTERDAY) . The total gold OI stands at 521,506 contracts. The bankers supplied the necessary non backed paper trying to quell gold's advance. 
In gold for November: we had 381 notices filed for 38,100 oz 

With respect to our two criminal funds, the GLD and the SLV : 
GLD 
TODAY WE HAD A BIG CHANGE AT THE GLD OUT OF THE GLD/A DEPOSIT OF 2.67 TONNES OF GOLD INTO THE GLD 
Total gold inventory rests tonight at: 945.26 tonnes of gold 
SLV 
we had ANOTHER BIG CHANGE at the SLV/ 
A DEPOSIT OF 569,000 OZ 
THE SLV Inventory rests at: 361.242 million oz 
. 
First, here is an outline of what will be discussed tonight: 
1. Today, we had the open interest in silver ROSE by 4181 contracts UP to 196,912 as the price of silver rose by 63 cents with yesterday's trading.The gold open interest ROSE by 12,920 contracts UP to 521,506 as the price of gold ROSE $14.90 IN YESTERDAY'S TRADING. 
(report Harvey). 
2.a) The Shanghai and London gold fix report 
(Harvey) 
2 b) Gold/silver trading overnight Europe, Goldcore 
(Mark O'Byrne/zerohedge 
3c FRBNY gold movement report 
(Harvey) 3. ASIAN AFFAIRS 
i) Late TUESDAY night/WEDNESDAY morning: Shanghai closed DOWN 19.7 POINTS OR 0.63%/ /Hang Sang closed DOWN 336.57 OR 1.45%. The Nikkei closed DOWN 307.72 POINTS OR 1.76% Australia's all ordinaires CLOSED DOWN 1.19% /Chinese yuan (ONSHORE) closed UP at 6.7611/Oil FELL to 45.96 dollars per barrel for WTI and 47.45 for Brent. Stocks in Europe: ALL IN THE RED Offshore yuan trades 6.7652 yuan to the dollar vs 6.7611 for onshore yuan. 
THE SPREAD BETWEEN ONSHORE AND OFFSHORE NARROWS QUITE A BIT AS MORE USA DOLLARS ATTEMPT TO LEAVE CHINA'S SHORES / CHINA SENDS A MESSAGE TO THE USA TO NOT RAISE RATES IN DECEMBER. REPORT ON JAPAN SOUTH KOREA NORTH KOREA AND CHINA 3a)THAILAND/SOUTH KOREA 
i)Deutsche bank stock is falling along with with rising credit default swaps 
( zero hedge) 
ii)Strange one!! Deutsche bank's chief economist Landau accuses the ECB of creating asset bubbles and most importantly expropriating savers plus other goodies as they come clean. 
They must be hurting real bad… 
( zero hedge/Deutsche bank/Landau) 5. RUSSIAN AND MIDDLE EASTERN AFFAIRS 
none today 6.GLOBAL ISSUES 
i)As a proxy for the upcoming election, the fall in the Peso is a good sign that Hillary is in trouble at the polls 
( zero hedge) 
ii) Another humourous story from the Philippines. After Duterte used much vulgar language against the USA, the Americans decided to stop shipments to them. He again called the Americans: 'Monkeys' 
( zero hedge) 7.OIL ISSUES 
Last night we got a huge inventory build from API. Today from DOE also confirms a huge buildup. Oil retreats: 
(courtesy zero hedge) 
Venezuela's currency disintegrates by 20% in just one week. Hyperinflation rages on 
( zero hedge) 9.PHYSICAL STORIES 
i)The CME is to start London gold contracts in total competition with ICE and LME .. Too many folks are abandoning the manipulated USA gold forum 
( Bloomberg/GATA) 
ii)The story behind the huge Grasberg mine 
( The Guardian from London) 

iii) Silver's rise is showing that there is a real flight to safety going on 
(courtesy Dave Kranzler/IRD) 10.USA STORIES WHICH MAY INFLUENCE THE PRICE OF GOLD/SILVER 
i) We now have 5 separate FBI cases probing the Hillary-Bill Clinton inner circle: 
Here is the background on those 5 cases and all of the major players that we are going to cover. 
(the Daily Mail) 
ii)Trump and Hillary are basically tied in latest ABC poll 
( zero hedge) 
iii)Citibank states what even if Hillary wins the election, it will be marked by continuous investigations and an impeachment risk. 
( Citibank/zerohedge) 
iv) a. The Dept of Justice guy, Peter Kadzik who is leading the investigation into the Clinton scandals has now been exposed with colluding with the Clinton campaign. What a mess!! Yesterday, in my commentary I wrote that this was this biggest conflict of interest possible and it has now become reality. 
( zero hedge) 

iv b. The DOJ responds: finds nothing wrong..so move on…Kadzik is nothing but a huge conflict of interest here! 
( zerohedge) 
v)Trump now surpasses Clinton as the rats abandon ship ( Nathan McDonald/Sprott Money) 
vi)Unusual for these guys to report such a negative repot: the ADP employment sinks to its weakest level for over 2 years: 
( ADP/zero hedge) 
vii)The New York, ISM mfg index contracts for the 3rd consecutive month: 

viii)The Fed holds again but states that the rate hike in December 'strengthens' 
( zero hedge) Let us head over to the comex: 
The total gold comex open interest ROSE BY 12,920 CONTRACTS to an OI level of 521,506 as the price of gold ROSE $14.90 with YESTERDAY'S trading.The bankers were on full alert supplying the necessary non backed gold paper keeping the gold price contained.In the front month of November we had 494 notices standing for a GAIN of 19 contracts. We had 13 notices served upon yesterday so we GAINED 32 contracts or 3200 ADDITIONAL oz will stand for delivery in November. The next contract month and the biggest of the year is December and here this month showed a increase of 8,987 contracts up to 369,645. Today, we had 381 notice(s) filed for 38,100 oz of gold.

ARTICLE

The United States Is Pre-Positioning 'Enemy Assets' In Preparation For A Rigged Election Posted on Tweet   The United States Is Pre-Positioning 'Enemy Assets' In Preparation For A Rigged Election 
With civil rest or a world war, the administration will be handed the country on a platter – indefinitely – and the election will be a moot point, whether it happened or not. 

From Jeremiah Johnson, SHTFPlan : 
There are a number of excellent pieces circulating that hypothesize on what will happen before, during, and after the election. Mike Adams of Natural News and Dave Hodges of The Common Sense Show have both dug deeply, examining the overall situation with outstanding insights as to the possibilities. Mike's piece listed the scenarios that can happen regarding either outcome, and government actions that can be triggered by the result. Dave's videos and telephone conversations expose the fact that the government is indeed preparing to have plans ready and in place with drills and exercises that can turn into an actual operation immediately. 
You can watch Dave Hodge's full report with Paul Martin below: 
That being mentioned, an article came out the other day written by Deb Riechmann of the Associated Press, October 26 entitled US Official: Russia Might Shoot Down US Aircraft in Syria . The article highlights dialogue from a Charlie Rose interview via CBS at the Council of Foreign Relations in New York that was conducted with National Intelligence Director James Clapper . The answers that Clapper gave to the questions gives two 'insights' into the Obama administration's mindset. This comment came regarding the potential for the US and Russia engaging one another militarily: 
'I wouldn't put it past them to shoot down an American aircraft if they felt that [it] was threatening to their forces on the ground. Russia has deployed a very advanced and capable air defense system in Syria and would not have done that if it [Russia] wouldn't use it.' 
James Clapper 
Then Clapper was questioned about North Korea, and he had this to say: 
'…the U.S. policy of trying to persuade Pyongyang to give up its nuclear weapons is probably futile. Perhaps the only thing the U.S. could get would be limitations on North Korea's nuclear capabilities. I think the notion of getting the North Koreans to denuclearize is probably a lost cause. They are under siege and they are very paranoid, so the notion of giving up their nuclear capability, whatever it is, is a nonstarter with them.' 
All of this sounds very lackadaisical, coming from the Director of National Intelligence. That is because it is: Obama is pursuing a laissez-faire policy regarding 'threats,' either from Russia or North Korea. The reason? He created them to use later. Clapper's next responses are very interesting regarding the questions of whether or not Russia has been tampering with the election process and the recent threat by Vice President Joe Biden that the U.S. will respond to the (alleged) tampering with a Cyberattack designed 'to embarrass and humiliate' the Kremlin. Here is an excerpt of that interview: 
'Clapper also was asked about the Obama administration's claim that recent hacking of political sites was orchestrated by top Russian officials. The U.S. response might not come in the form of a reciprocal cyberattack on Russia, Clapper said. 
Pressed on the subject, Rose, the interviewer, noted that there is a sense that the Russians were not paying any price for the hacking. 
'Maybe not yet,' Clapper replied. 
'Maybe after the election?' Rose asked. 
'I'm not going to pre-empt,' Clapper said.' 
There we have it, in the absence of verbal commitment, no matter how nebulous the answer may seem. Just because it is nebulous, however, does not belie the nefarious nature of the answer, and it is obvious: The Obama administration is setting the Russians up for the time of the election to blame any deviance or hacks on them. 
It is no secret that election fraud is being committed now, even with the early voting that is occurring in several states. The Cyberattacks conducted on Friday, October 21st were a Beta-test for what is to come: full-blown election fraud and an attack on the infrastructure of the U.S. , to be blamed on Russia or North Korea and used as justification to either suspend the elections or declare them null and void. 
On October 25 , an article was released entitled DMV Computer Outage Raises Fear of Election-Day Cyber Attacks , as presented on losangeles.cbslocal.com . Apparently 100 DMV offices in California had a gigantic computer malfunction that was not attributed to hacking. The article interviewed a USC professor who had the following to say: 
'Election day may be a different story. Government computer systems are vulnerable to cyber attacks. I think there will certainly be some sort of cyber security issue in some location.' 
Clifford Neuman, Director, USC Center for Computer Systems Security 
From a standpoint of greater simplicity, the government can simply collapse the power grid, and this can be blamed on an EMP (Electromagnetic Pulse) weapon from North Korea or Russia. If this is not done, the government can use the Soros-provided voting machines and other nefarious measures (such as dead people's names being used to vote, illegal aliens casting a ballot, or people voting in numerous states, to name a few) to steal the votes. Then blame can be shifted to the Russians. 
Keep in mind that the Cyberattack on October 21 was found to 'not be done by a government's actions through state actors,' as the Mainstream media termed it. How true. Not one concrete shred of justification that Russia has been conducting any Cyberattacks has been provided. Certainly the Russian government has taken the time to investigate the source of the hacking on the U.S. systems. They will certainly monitor the elections in some manner to protect themselves from any accusations of hacking and prove they do not hold any culpability when the Democrats skew the numbers of the election and steal it themselves. 
This is why the federal government has warned Russia that simply to monitor the elections may warrant criminal charges being brought against the Russian government. 
But it's OK to have UN election monitors, which in itself is a violation of the 10 th Amendment to the U.S. Constitution, right? 
The law doesn't apply to the Democrats; the law only matters as long as they can inflict it upon you. Soros just came out recently and cursed democracy in general: though toad like in appearance and mannerisms, this communist foreigner is responsible for the collapse and/or debilitation of almost a dozen governments. In a previous article we covered how the voting machines in the early voting in Illinois did not register the original choice of the voter and 'chose' the Democratic candidates. This was labeled as a 'calibration error,' so simply and innocently. The communists masquerading as Democrats know the truth of the matter, that it is those who count the votes and not the voters who decide the elections. 
In summary, the U.S. is pre-positioning its 'enemy-assets' to blame – on what the administration does – for a collapsed election labeled as 'rigged' or the suspension of the election for any number of reasons, real or illusory, such as a genuine attack the U.S. provokes or an attack the U.S. carries out on itself . 
Civil unrest and/or war are the escape hatches to bail out of the Constitution and to take control of the country…not letting either crisis go to waste. With civil rest or a world war, the administration will be handed the country on a platter – indefinitely – and the election will be a moot point, whether it happened or not. 
Buy 2017 Gold Pandas and Buy 2017 Silver Panda Coins On Pre-Sale Now! Secure Your 2017 Panda Coins Today at SD Bullion!

ARTICLE

Tweet Home » Headlines » Finance News » 2017 Stock Market Crash? Eric Dubin on Markets and the Election Shocker 
Phil Kennedy sat down with financial and geopolitical analyst Eric Dubin to discuss the Fed's failure to raise interest rates…again. Eric explains that financial markets have levitated on artificial liquidity and 2017 will be the year market participants give up their blind faith that central bankers can support asset prices, indefinitely . 

TND Podcast Spotlight: Kennedy Financial Podcast #78 
Phil and Eric discuss how the FBI Clinton probe is impacting the US election and financial markets, and scenarios that can develop, following the election. 
Phil and John introduce the show on the eve of game 7 of the World Series and managed to poking fun at millennials, the cost of owning a sports franchise and more before the first pitch. 
# # # # 
Philip and John Kennedy produce the Kennedy Financial podcast. Kennedy Financial is a volunteer-based non-profit dedicated to teaching families personal finance through the principles of free market capitalism and sound money. All services are FREE and confidential. Visit the Kennedy Financial website: Click here . Visit their YouTube channel: Click here . 
Philip is an Accredited Financial Counselor (AFC®) and a Certified Financial Planner (CFP®) candidate. Philip also has over fourteen years of audit, forensic accounting and fraud investigation experience in the public and private sectors. He is a Certified Public Accountant in the state of Maryland and Virginia, and he is a member of the American Institute of CPAs. Philip holds a Masters in Business Administration degree from George Washington University and a certificate as a Certified Fraud Examiner from the ACFE. He is a student of Austrian Economics and a member of the Mises Institute. 
John is a graduate of William & Mary, and he has an extensive background in public, forensic and corporate accounting. As a student of the Austrian School of Economics, Mr. Kennedy possesses a strong desire to help clients manage their personal finances with sound money. John serves KF as Director of Communications and Marketing while the organization continues its steady growth. 
This work is presented on The News Doctors with permission.

ARTICLE

Russia's Most Potent Weapon? Rapidly 'Hoarding Gold' As Global Currency War Is Upon Us Posted on Home » Gold » Gold News » Russia's Most Potent Weapon? Rapidly 'Hoarding Gold' As Global Currency War Is Upon Us 
The Next World War Will Be Fought With Gold… 

by Jay Syrmopoulos. The Free Thought Project via SHTFPlan : 
Editor's Comment: He who holds the gold makes the rules? Fresh attempts at containing Russia and continuing the empire have been met with countermoves. Russia appears to be building strength in every way. Putin and his country have no intention of being under the American thumb, and are developing rapid resistance as the U.S. petrodollar loses its grip and China, Russia and the East shift into new currencies and shifting world order. 
What lies ahead? It will be a strong hand for the countries that have the most significant backing in gold and hard assets; and China and Russia have positioned themselves very well. Prepare for a changing economic landscape, and one in which self-reliance might be all we have. 
Russia is Hoarding Gold at an Alarming Rate — The Next World War Will Be Fought with Currencies 
by Jay Syrmopoulos 
With all eyes on Russia's unveiling their latest nuclear intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM), which NATO has dubbed the 'SATAN' missile, as tensions with the U.S. increase, Moscow's most potent 'weapon' may be something drastically different. 
The rapidly evolving geopolitical 'weapon' brandished by Russia is an ever increasing stockpile of gold, as well as Russia's native currency, the ruble. 
Take a look at the symbol below, as it could soon come to change the entire hierarchy of the international order – potentially ushering in a complete international paradigm shift – and much sooner than you might think. 

The symbol is the new designation of the Russian ruble, Russia's national currency. 
Similar to how the U.S. uses the dollar sign ($), the U.K. uses the pound sign (£), and the European Union uses the euro symbol (€), Russia is about to begin exporting its symbol internationally. 
After the failed 'reset' in U.S./Russian relations by the Obama administration, and the continued deterioration of the countries relationship, Washington began targeting entire sectors of the Russian economy, as well as specific individuals, meant to impose an economic burden so severe that it would force Moscow into compliance. 
Instead of decimating Russia, what it precipitated was a Russian response of gradually weaning themselves off of the hegemony of the U.S. petrodollar, and working with China to create an alternative to the SWIFT payment system that isn't solely controlled by Western interests (see Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank, New Development Bank). 
According to the Corbett Report: 
New reports indicate that China is ready to launch its SWIFT alternative, and for those who have their ear to the ground this is the most significant move yet in the unfolding process of de-dollarization that is seeing the BRICS-led 'resistance bloc' breaking away from the financial stranglehold of the US-led 'Washington Consensus.' 
For those who don't know, SWIFT stands for the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication and is shorthand for the SWIFTNet Network that is used by over 10,500 financial institutions in 215 countries and territories to transmit financial transaction data around the world. SWIFT does not do any of the clearing or processing for these transactions itself, but instead sends the payment orders that are then settled by correspondent banks of the member institutions. Still, given the system's near universality in the financial system, it means that virtually every international transaction between banking institutions goes through the SWIFT network. 
This is why de-listing from the SWIFT network remains one of the primary financial weapons wielded by the US and its allies in their increasingly important financial warfare campaigns. 
Recently, financial guru Jim Rickards, author of the book 'Currency Wars,' wrote that 'Russia is poised for a major comeback in its economy. Russian bonds and stocks and the Russian currency, the ruble, will all benefit.' Rickards believes a 'strong turnaround' is coming within Russia, and that this comeback will benefit the ruble. 
While still suffering from the economic warfare being waged by the U.S., Russia has realized that as long they are subservient to the petrodollar, there remains a clear and present danger of the Russian economy being devastated by the whims of Washington. 
The Bank of Russia, that nation's central bank, is extremely clear about its mission, and monetary policy declaring on its website: 
Monetary policy constitutes an integral part of the state policy and is aimed at enhancing well-being of Russian citizens. The Bank of Russia implements monetary policy in the framework of inflation-targeting regime, and sees price stability, albeit sustainably low inflation, as its priority. Given structural peculiarities of the Russian economy, the target is to reduce inflation to 4% by 2017 and maintain it within that range in the medium run. 
In layman's terms, that means that monetary policy, similar to nuclear weapons and the military, are 'an integral part of the state policy' in Russia. While many analysts have noted the increased build-up in Russia's military arsenal, seemingly few have highlighted the massive build-up of Russian gold reserves over the past decade. 
Below is a chart showing Russian gold reserves between 1994 and last year, 2015: 
Since 2006, there has been a year-on-year increase that reveals a significant upward trend. The chart clearly reveals that Russia's state policy of increasing state monetary assets, in the form of gold. Additionally, the Russian government has been converting state rubles into gold assets. From 2006 to 2015, Russia's state holdings of gold tripled. 
Within just the past year Russia has substantially increased its gold holdings 
According to the Business Insider: 
In July of this year, the central bank of Russia added 200,000 ounces of gold to its reserves. The one-month uptick in Russian gold reserves — 200,000 ounces — is approximately equal to the entire annual output of Barrick Gold's Turquoise Ridge gold mine in Nevada. 
At that same rate — 200,000 ounces per month — in a mere five months, Russia would add to state gold reserves the equivalent of the entire annual output of Barrick's massive Goldstrike mine in Nevada. 
Currently, Russian gold reserves rank seventh in the world. It's clear that there is a concerted effort by Russian authorities to build up the country's gold reserves as part of a national strategy to negate the effects of economic warfare waged by the United States. 
Rickards, in his 2011 book 'Currency Wars,' theorized that Russia and China could combine their gold reserves to form a global gold-backed currency to compete against the U.S. dollar. Currently, Russian reserves stand at roughly 1,500 tonnes, with Chinese reserves totaling over 1,800 tonnes (according to China — it's likely more), which would amount to a combined total of roughly 3,300 tonnes of gold. 
The U.S. is about to lose overarching control of policymaking within the International Monetary Fund (IMF), thus the U.S. lockup on global gold is about to vanish, according to Business Insider. 
Imagine for a moment the distinctly real possibility that Russian-Chinese alliance could exercise indirect (or even direct) control over the IMF's gold reserve of over 2,800 tonnes. Russian, Chinese and IMF gold combined would equal roughly 6,100 tonnes, and would allow for direct competition with the U.S. gold reserves, estimated at 8,100 tonnes. 
Russia and China have realized that the petrodollar is wielded by Washington as it's weapon of choice when opposing a well-armed state, and clearly see the writing on the wall – thus working together to create a new global financial paradigm. 
The reality is that the United States is $20 trillion dollars in debt, and eventually the time will come when the U.S. economy begins to implode — and all the fiat currency people are stuck holding will essentially be worth nothing more than the paper it's printed on. Hard assets, such as gold and silver, should be bought and taken custody of while there is still an opportunity to do so, as a means of hedging against the potentially disastrous results of the U.S. using the petrodollar as a 'weapon.' 
Ultimately, the United States, Russia and China are all controlled by centralized power-hungry tyrants attempting to command powerful global bureaucracies like the IMF, the World Bank, SWIFT, New Development Bank and the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank. 
It's not Russian nuclear weapons that people should fear, as the policy of mutually assured destruction essentially voids any benefit of a state launching a first-strike nuclear attack. The true threat to America is our economic house of cards, built upon the back of a neoliberal trade policy that puts the 'rights' of corporations over that of people . 
Secure Your 2017 Panda Coins Today at SD Bullion! 
This entry was posted in Finance News , Gold News and tagged Gold Wars , James Rickards , Jim Rickards . Bookmark the permalink . Post navigation

ARTICLE

While You Were Watching the World Series Some Very, Very Big News Broke Posted on Tweet Home » Headlines » World News » While You Were Watching the World Series Some Very, Very Big News Broke 
While most Americans were captivated by last night's World Series Game 7, some very, VERY big news broke. The real blockbuster came from Fox News' Bret Baier, who released some serious information courtesy of two sources at the FBI. 

Submitted by Michael Krieger : 
Normally, I'd summarize the news and provide my perspective before highlighting source text, but in this case I want to provide the information first. 
The real blockbuster came from Fox News' Bret Baier, who released some serious information courtesy of two sources at the FBI. Real Clear Politics summarized Bret's primary conclusions based on his conversations: 
1. The Clinton Foundation investigation is far more expansive than anybody has reported so far and has been going on for more than a year. 
2. The laptops of Clinton aides Cherryl Mills and Heather Samuelson have not been destroyed, and agents are currently combing through them. The investigation has interviewed several people twice, and plans to interview some for a third time. 
3. Agents have found emails believed to have originated on Hillary Clinton's secret server on Anthony Weiner's laptop. They say the emails are not duplicates and could potentially be classified in nature. 
4. Sources within the FBI have told him that an indictment is 'likely' in the case of pay-for-play at the Clinton Foundation, 'barring some obstruction in some way' from the Justice Department. 
5. FBI sources say with 99% accuracy that Hillary Clinton's server has been hacked by at least five foreign intelligence agencies, and that information had been taken from it. 
Here's Bret Baier saying it in his own words: 
While Friday's bombshell alerted the American public to the reopening of Hillary Clinton's private email server probe, the Clinton Foundation investigation is a totally separate beast. It's now clear that Hillary Clinton, and much of her close circle, are subject to two very serious ongoing investigations. As I explained in the post, Another Black Swan Hits the U.S. Presidential Election , this is very material to the Presidential election for the following reason: 
The problems with Hillary Clinton will never go away. They will always resurface or new problems will emerge, and it has nothing to do with a 'vast rightwing conspiracy' (or Putin). It has to do with her. It has to do with the fact that her and her husband are career crooks, warmongers, and shameless looters of the American public. This re-opening of the FBI investigation just hammers all of that home for everyone. We know what 4 years of Hillary will look like. It'll be Obama cronyism on steroids, plus endless investigations with a side of World War 3. I don't think people want that, and so more Americans than the pundits realize will take a gamble on Trump. 
The latest revelations about the Clinton Foundation investigation just further hammers home the above point. 
Moreover, it's becoming increasingly clear that political appointees at the Injustice Department like Loretta Lynch and Peter Kadzik (John Podesta's close friend since the 1970s) have been trying to thwart probes into the dirtiness of the Clinton Foundation. I covered this earlier in the week in the post, The Story of How the DOJ Tried to Thwart an FBI Investigation Into the Clinton Foundation , but additional details have started to emerge. 
As we learned from yesterday's CNN article, Turmoil in the FBI: 
Behind the scenes over the past 15 months, infighting among some agents and officials has exposed some parts of the storied bureau to be buffeted by some of the same bitter divisions as the rest of American society. 
This account is based on interviews with more than a dozen officials close to the matter who spoke anonymously because they've been ordered not to speak to the news media. 
Tensions have built in particular over the handling of matters related to Hillary Clinton. Some of the sharpest divides have emerged between some agents in the FBI's New York field office, the bureau's largest and highest-profile, and officials at FBI headquarters in Washington and at the Justice Department. 
Some rank-and-file agents interpreted cautious steps taken by the Justice Department and FBI headquarters as being done for political reasons or to protect a powerful political figure. At headquarters, some have viewed the actions and complaints of some agents in the field as driven by the common desire of investigators to get a big case or, perhaps worst, because of partisan views. 
Much of the turmoil centers not only on the handling of the probe into Clinton's use of a private server while secretary of state, but also another case some FBI agents wanted to pursue into the Clinton Foundation and whether there was any impropriety in dealings with donors. 
In both cases, some FBI investigators felt stymied by headquarters and Justice Department officials and they interpreted roadblocks as politically partisan. 
During the Clinton email server investigation, investigators and prosecutors debated whether to issue subpoenas to Clinton's aides, officials say. Leaders at the FBI and at the Justice Department thought it would be faster to come to voluntary agreements with aides. Subpoenas could cause delays, particularly if litigation is necessary, officials said. And the FBI and Justice Department wanted to try to complete the probe and get out of the way of the 2016 election. 
Now here's where the Clinton Foundation probe comes into focus… 
In the Clinton Foundation probe, at least one FBI field office also received notification of a possible suspicious bank transaction. The transaction involving a Clinton Foundation donor was flagged in what is known as a suspicious activity report, routine notices sent through the Treasury Department's financial enforcement arm. 
By early this year, FBI agents from four field offices — Los Angeles, Little Rock, Arkansas, Washington, D.C., and New York — had open files on the Clinton Foundation and were seeking to get permission to formally conduct investigations of the Clinton Foundation. 
In February, as CNN first reported, FBI criminal division leaders and lawyers met with the lawyers from the Justice Department's public integrity section to present what was known so far and to seek permission to conduct full-blown investigations, including the ability to subpoena records. 
At that time, the Justice officials in the meeting advised FBI officials that there wasn't sufficient evidence to move forward and declined to give the authorization for overt investigative techniques. Some officials described a contentious meeting with strong disagreement on both sides. 
Officials leading the meeting told the FBI that investigators hadn't turned up much more evidence beyond that contained in 'Clinton Cash.' 
FBI lawyers at headquarters concurred with the Justice Department's view that agents be allowed to continue their work with the option to return if they found more evidence. 
In July, Comey made his announcement to recommend no charges against Clinton. 
At a Capitol Hill hearing days later, Comey told members of Congress that he was proud there had been no leaks of his decision. 
But blowback from some current and former agents was immediate. As Comey made his rounds of visits to field offices around the country, he heard stinging criticism, particularly from retired agents. 
At one meeting in Kansas City, Comey was confronted with stinging criticism of the probe. He pushed back, saying the career agents who knew the most of the case arrived at the conclusion that the case against Clinton wasn't even a close call. 
FBI agents again pressed to take more overt steps in the Clinton Foundation probe, including possibly issuing subpoenas. 
Justice Department officials again opposed such moves. They cited, again, a lack of evidence to warrant more investigative steps. And they expressed concerns that with the election close, any overt actions shouldn't be made until after Election Day. 
'It's just a (message of) ‘hold right now until after the elections — no subpoenas issued, no interviews,' one law enforcement official familiar with the July decision said. 
So what conclusions can we draw from the above? First, it seems to confirm some of what Fox reported, namely that there is an ongoing investigation into the Clinton Foundation. That's important in its own right for the reasons I explained earlier. The second bit of information is new. We learned that Justice Department officials ' expressed concerns that with the election close, any overt actions shouldn't be made until after Election Day.' The pieces are finally coming together… 
Specifically, one of the more interesting aspects of last night's news is the increased willingness of FBI agents to break protocol and speak to the media about ongoing investigations. Why would they do that? They seem to be doing it due to continued concerns over political interference from the Justice Department (and possibly FBI headquarters) into various investigations into the workings of an extremely powerful political-oligarch family. They are rightly troubled by what a President Clinton could do to any investigation if she's elected. As such, they are trying to get their concerns out to the public ahead of time. 
I've been watching all of this develop for some time, and I wrote two prior articles on the topic. Here they are in case you missed them: 
October 7, 2016: Backlash Grows Months After the FBI's Sham Investigation Into Hillary Clinton 
October 18, 2016: Internal Anger at the FBI Over Clinton Investigation Continues to Grow 
So what's going on is extremely serious, and many within the FBI appear to be acutely concerned that the perception of the rule of law will be permanently destroyed if Clinton gets into the White House and shuts down all investigations into her and her inner circle. Martin Armstrong summarized the situation perfectly in a blog post earlier today: 
The Department of Justice is so compromised with Lynch at the head it is getting to be absurd. Peter J. Kadzik is the Assistant Attorney General for Legislative Affairs at the Department of Justice (DOJ). Clearly, there is an internal war going on as I reported. Now that the FBI has over the 650,000 emails uncovered in Anthony Weiner's notebook, which Huma Abedin failed to turnover to Congress claiming she had no idea how they got there. The US Justice Department announced it is now also joining the probe to dedicate all necessary resources to quickly clear Hillary, up pops the conflict of interest. In the letter to Congress, the DOJ person to aid this investigation to clear Hillary by the election, is Assistant Attorney General Peter J. Kadzik who wrote to the House and Senate lawmakers. 
This is Podesta's friend for dinner who goes to his house. Plus, Peter Kadzik donated $250 to Hillary also noted in Podesta's spreadsheet. Kadzik and Podesta were classmates at Georgetown Law School back in the 1970s and have been good friends ever since. In fact, Kadzik represented Podesta during the Monica Lewinsky investigation and Podesta wrote that Kadzik was a 'fantastic lawyer' who 'kept me out of jail.' It was also Kadzik who lobbied Podesta for Marc Rich to obtain a pardon for a fugitive when you have to show remorse to get a pardon. Never has a Pardon been granted to a fugitive in this manner. Then Kadzik's wife, Amy Weiss of Weiss Public Affairs, worked on the 1992 Clinton/Gore Campaign as a Press Secretary. She was the Communications Director for the Democratic National Committee, and on top of that, she was White House Deputy Assistant to the President Bill Clinton. It gets better. Another email sent on May 5, 2015, Kadzik's son asked Podesta for a job on the Clinton campaign. This is the independent person appointed by Lynch to clear Hillary? Come on! This is outright in your face corruption. 
Why would the DOJ pick such a conflicted person? The answer is obvious. They want to CLEAR Hillary no matter what. Kadzik is there to now counteract anything Comey does because there is really an internal war waging in Washington. The screams from behind the curtain are getting deafening. It is so disgusting that we are witnessing the complete collapse of anything pretended to be the rule of law. The status quo, including George Bush Sr, are all backing Hillary so there is NOTHING that will change and they all live fat and happy off of our taxes and legal oppression. This is really becoming a battle to save the country from the privileged establishment. They milk us like cows and send our boys into battle with lies and propaganda to enrich themselves. I lost half my school friends to Vietnam when Lyndon Johnson even said in 1965 the Vietnamese never attacked us; 'For all I know, our navy was shooting at whales out there.' (source) 
I've also covered the disturbing crony relationships between the DOJ/FBI and Clinton's inner circle in recent weeks. For more on that, see:

ARTICLE

Tweet Home » Headlines » World News » It Just Got WAY BIGGER: Wikileaks Bombshell Reveals Clinton Email 'Where They Are Literally Pricing How Much It Costs to Transport Children' 
Over the past 48 hours, rumors and whisperings have emerged from the FBI's reopened investigation into Hillary's emails found on Anthony Weiner's laptop that SERIOUS ADDITIONAL crimes were under investigation, unrelated to the email server case, involving among other things, child trafficking . Wikileaks has just released perhaps the biggest Bombshell yet, claiming emails 'showing how the Clintons supported child stealer Laura Silsby' including an email 'where they are literally pricing how much it costs to transport children'.

ARTICLE

10,300 10,300 likes 
Unreal! We live in fascinating, exciting times, brothers! 
Other such public actions of retribution have coincided with this(ie CNN actually firing Donna Brazile for being a despicable hack). These are remarkable turnarounds, but what could be behind this? If the democratic leadership is turning on Hillary, why would they do this? What's their reasoning for doing so? What's in it for them? Well, the answers would surprise many, but are logical if thought through. 
Saving Face and Saving Brand 
Hillary Clinton is a sociopathic criminal, guilty of treason, mass murder for profit, and lining the pockets of globalists at our expense. We know that folks like us, in the Alt-media, and #AltRight etc all know that…but the 'blue-pilled', 'normie' public, has, up until this point…not known that! 
All these O'Keefe, Wikileaks, and whistleblower revelations about Hillary and Washington DC are news to tens of millions of people. Some still haven't heard this news, others still shockingly don't care…but it doesn't matter now. 
Too many now know who she is and how the system works, and the FBI and others will find overwhelming evidence of criminal wrong-doing on Hillary now(yes, even with Podesta's DOJ friend in charge of it). The woman would likely be impeached within months of being in office, which if this occurred, could even bring about a Constitutional crisis. The fallout of this would tarnish the brand of the Democratic party beyond recognition. 
Bill Mitchell, a pro-Trump pollster and commentator on Twitter(whom I recommend you follow @ mitchellvii ) has some thoughts on the matter which are close to my own. It is highly possible that Democrat leadership has largely decided that Trump winning would be a 'lesser evil' for them, than a POTUS Hillary. If Hillary is entangled in this situation for most of her first term, the fallout from Obama, followed by a criminal like her would be the 'One-two' punch that their party wouldn't recover from. 
It could very well be that they believe Trump will be ineffective as POTUS, or could be rendered such by skillful opposition. In their minds, under a one-term, lame-duck Trump Presidency, with few promises being met to his constituency, and a worsening economy, their party would be set to counter-attack with a stronger candidate in 2020. 
Not only would this put them on better footing to blame a candidate from the GOP side, for the mess the country is in, but it could actually save their party and their brand. It is highly likely many are considering 'cutting their losses', and settling for stopping President Trump in 4 years' time. 
Remember, VP Joe Biden himself, went from saying he'd 'like to fight Trump behind the woodshed', to actually saying he'd work with a President Trump if he wins. 
Huge change in tone, folks. These people see the writing on the wall… 
Conclusion 
Election 2016 has been absolutely incredible: the constant Assange whistle-blowing on DC corruption, the oppo dumps, the truth-telling about Hillary's crimes, the candidates themselves, the enormous poll swings, the under-cover stings from O'Keefe, etc…. 
Nothing has ever been seen like it. 
Let's face it brothers: if this election was a movie, no one would believe it! Too many twists and turns! 
At this point however, there are signs that much of the Democratic leadership near the top may have decided that a Hillary Presidency may tarnish their brand too badly. They wrongly believe that a Trump administration could be effectively opposed, and put them on solid footing for a 2020 White House bid. They believe they could survive a Trump Presidency better than a Hillary one, at this point. 
Democratic (and even Republican) opposition have emptied every clip at anti-fragile Donald since he announced his Presidential bid, but it now appears though, that the Democratic opposition has run out of ammo! 
Now they're throwing their empty guns at him for the last 7 days, hoping for a miracle! 
This man, who Donald Trump has come out of nowhere, has wrecked the criminal Bush family, and is now inches away from wrecking the criminal Clintons as well. Forever. 
He's done it while being pummeled by the MSM, and backstabbing traitors within his own party. He's stalked and hunted them all relentlessly, and has turned the majority of the people against them, and against globalism…in just 18 short months. 
None have been able to stop him. It has been one of the most remarkable things I've ever witnessed, and gives me great hope that our foes, these globalist banksters, technocrats, International Zionists, and every foe of the West, is much weaker than we ever thought possible. 
Just think: 
If CANDIDATE Trump has been able to do all this in just 18 months, what kind of utter, nightmarish carnage could PRESIDENT Trump bring down upon neo-liberal globalism? 
I believe we're all about to find that out!

ARTICLE

Tweet Home » Gold » Gold Miners » Precious Metals Stocks Poised for a MAJOR Upswing? | Clive Maund 
The new bull market that is believed to have begun early this year should take gold way above its previous highs in the $1,900 area. Technical analyst Clive Maund outlines why he believes the correction in gold and precious metals stocks is OVER… 

Submitted by Clive Maund, Streetwise : 
It now looks like gold's correction is done and its intermediate base pattern is completing. If so, then we are at an excellent entry point for many better precious metals (PM) stocks, which have been savagely beaten down over the past several months—a necessary correction following their outsized run-up earlier in the year. 
On its one-year chart, we can see that gold's corrective action from early July has brought it all the way back to its steadily rising 200-day moving average, a classic buy spot, where a potential intermediate base has formed. This corrective action has more than completely unwound the earlier overbought condition, and it may well be that the price is bottoming at the lower boundary of the large parallel uptrend channel shown, which is what various factors suggest. 
These factors are behind the major uptrend still in force, as symbolized by the rising 200-day moving average already alluded to: the bullish alignment of moving averages, the price being at the lower boundary of the prospective channel shown, the earlier overbought condition having unwound and, finally, the dollar looking like it is breaking down from its uptrend of the past month, which we will look at later. 
The seven-year chart for gold shows its new bull market in the context of the preceding bear market from the 2011 highs. This new bull market ran into trouble at the first resistance level shown, but after the recent correction it should now gather itself to take out this resistance on the next upleg, and target the next resistance level in the $1,520–1,550 zone. Needless to say, an advance to this objective will result in PM stocks, which have been severely beaten back on the correction, soaring to much higher levels. If this interpretation is correct, then we are at an excellent entry point for many PM stocks RIGHT NOW. 
The 20-year gold chart is interesting, as it makes plain that the 2011–2015 bear market is really nothing more than a correction to the giant bull market from 2001 that preceded it. It also shows that this giant correction ended right at the zone of strong support shown just above the zone of extensive trading that occurred in 2008–2009, a very good point for it to reverse to the upside. The new bull market that is believed to have begun early this year should take gold way above its previous highs in the $1,900 area. 
Another possible bullish factor for gold here is that the dollar appears to be breaking down from its uptrend that started at the beginning of the month, with an increasing risk that it will drop back across its range. We can see this to advantage on the year-to-date chart for the dollar index. 
The three-year chart for the dollar index shows that it's still no change for the dollar, as it remains stuck in the giant trading range that started to form back at the March 2015 peak. Right now, having approached the resistance again at the top of the range, it looks like it is rolling over to drop back across the range again, which will be good news for gold. 
The one-year chart for GDX is most interesting. Many would-be PM-sector stock buyers are currently deterred from doing so by seeing that the red downtrend shown on our chart is still in force. However, it is very possible that this index is close to the lower boundary of the larger order uptrend channel shown—which is, of course, closely related to the parallel channel that we have observed on the one-year gold chart. 
If so, then we are clearly at a very good point to buy, as the index will go on to break out upside from the red channel. Various factors strongly suggest that this is what is going to happen. In the first place, the index is close to a zone of strong underlying support, which arrested the decline early this month. Second, the 200-day moving average is still rising strongly, which shows that the major trend is still up. The moving averages are definitely in bullish alignment, with any rally now turning the 50-day up above the 200-day. Third, stocks are still oversold, after correcting back from being heavily overbought early in July. 
Last but not least, most would-be investors in the sector are cringing timidly in the shadows as they usually are after a sharp drop. It's their right to buy high, and nobody and nothing is going to stop them. This is made abundantly plain by the Gold Miners Bullish Percent Index chart, which we will look at next. 
Finally, for those of you who are still feeling leery of buying gold stocks here, take a look at the latest Gold Miners Bullish Percent Index chart, which shows that sentiment has dropped from 'foaming at the mouth,' 100% bullish back in early July, when for many there was no sign of the impending sharp correction, to a paltry 18% bullish now. Ask yourself if you felt more bullish toward the sector back early in July than you do now, and you will have the answer to whether you should buy the sector now. Sure, it could drop more from here, but technically it's a lot less likely than it was back in July, and much more likely that a big rally starts soon. 
Right now, gold and silver are thought to be powering up for another major upleg, hence these latest updates. 
Clive Maund has been president of www.clivemaund.com, a successful resource sector website, since its inception in 2003. He has 30 years' experience in technical analysis and has worked for banks, commodity brokers and stockbrokers in the City of London. He holds a Diploma in Technical Analysis from the UK Society of Technical Analysts. This entry was posted in Gold Miners , Gold News , Silver Miners , Silver News and tagged Clive Maund , gold update , silver update . Bookmark the permalink . Post navigation

ARTICLE

Tweet Home » Gold » Gold News » Regret Ever Buying Gold and Silver? AGXIIK Has A Few Words To Share With You… 
If you bought silver at $35 and now regret buying silver because the dollar-based price dropped 50%, I have a few words to share with you… 

Submitted By AGXIIK: 
Some people on these boards debate the wisdom of buying precious metals and PM stocks and tend to blame the messenger if the prices change or sentiment goes against that purchase. 
I can understand that entirely because on the surface, when Doc or others, including myself as the #2 precious metals pimp on these boards, along with the 20 other sites offering the same advice and products, urged and continue to urge in strongest terms the wisdom of buying gold and silver, plus stocking up on preps such as are offered here as well (I don't hear anyone busting Doc's balls for selling ammo, survival food, medicines and water filters) there will be a number of people who question that wisdom. 
If you bought silver at $35 and now regret buying silver because the dollar-based price dropped 50% I have a few words to share with you. 
If you made that choice for the right reason and see the price drop by 50%, you will be rewarded in other ways. Time is on our side, even for the older of us who don't have the luxury of decades to wait. Some certainty that you have real money in your safe comes to mind. The price might not be on your side right now but 6,000 years of history is. 
You might be rewarded by silver going to $50 an ounce although that might be the low end of the price spectrum when silver reached its apogee. 
If you made that choice in the hopes that the $35 silver goes to $100 or even $200, as I did in the early stages of my purchases, then hopes for riches were far from realized. Now we can see why that was not the best decision by a very wide margin. Precious metal prices can make the strongest of us question our thinking and maybe shed a tear or two over our decision. 
If you didn't stay the course because you thought you were lied to the precious metals dealers, couldn't stand the financial pressure of going 'all in' or no longer can fight the evil bastards, that cast of characters ( you know who they are) who've taken over the majority of the markets and rig the prices on an hourly basis, I can completely understand that capitulation. The stock market has kicked the living crap out of me more than a few times. 
I've had more moments of doubt that I made the right decision that I can count as I watch others making fortunes investing in this and that, harvesting paper profits in investments that are destined for the dust bin. But I've never regretted or repudiated my decision to buy precious metals. 
My strategies have changed a bit now given that I know more about these markets. That's been a very slow process, partly because it's been very difficult to shed 55 years of living in a far different paradigm than this one and partly because I am very hard headed SOB and hate to admit I jumped on the band wagon early on and at much higher prices. Fortunately I've received good counsel from some really smart people, those who have a much broader perspective than me. EdB, Eric, Sovereign Economist, Pat Fields (RIP) to mention a few. And if I forgot your name I didnt forget your wisdom. 
My wife and I have lived in the miasmic stink of the Obama paradigm for 8 years. This latest chapter of a decades-old scheisse show seems like it's lasted a lifetime but it is coming to an end. The last 8 years and decisions made by us are still sound in light of the latest news. Today, with the horror show we watch on a minute by minute basis, these decisions are becoming even more sound. We live in a world beset by uncertainty. The ability to move quickly and wisely instead of reactively is vital to our well being. Having a strong financial base is critical to buffer ourselves against uncertainty. Precious metals form part of that base. 
For thousands of years we peasants have lived by a credo of self reliance. We know, on an instinctive basis, that the powers that be are always willing and able to take what we have by hook or crook. That psychopathic 1% has always been with us. This time is no different. The forces arrayed against us rely on the same time-tested means to harm us. We used to counter them with revolutions, migrations and holding real money in a hole in the dirt floor of out hut. 
Unbacked paper currency, debt, central banks out of control, total corruption in the political and banking worlds, moral depravity, intentionally spread of fear and despair, pitting us against them, divisive politics and an overarching world girdling power that controls everything from afar are nothing new. What is new is the world wide awakening of the masses. We peasants, serfs, Ordinary Joes and Janes who see we are being serious screwed with by the powers that be are mad as hell and we're not going to take it any more. Good News. We finally know their names today. To know their names is to give names AND faces to our enemies, the enemies of the people; names and faces of those who would oppress us. 
This time around the situation is even more grave because the people who would have us are legion, with fangs bared and hands reaching out to take what for we have worked our entire lives. The tipping point of us vs them is coming to a head. But they are still human and vulnerable. The bleed like the rest of us. They can be killed, just the rest of us. More good news. There are 10,000 of us to 1 of them. 
As Ballinger notes, the real crises in several dozens of countries worldwide is pressing against the people. We see it in real time, see the terror of the people as their lives are being systematically destroyed by forces so dark and evil that I have trouble even imagining there are people like this living the world, united to take We, the People down to hell with them. They have faces and we see them in real time. 
I've studied, thought, wrote, proselytized and yes, pimped precious metals and preps, awareness and means to counter the threats we see arrayed against us, even to the point that it makes me look like some loon on a Hyde Park soap box. Soap box or note, I'm still fully convinced of the wisdom of those choices, putting my money and time where my mouth is. It's taken thousands of hours out of my life to do this; time that I could have easily spent elsewhere. I made a decision years ago to be a voice that would not be idle or quiet. If I can turn a bit of the tide and change even a mere 100 minds then it's been worth every minute of time spent. 
Like Doc, Tyler, Eric Dubin and hundreds of others, I believe we are facing an existential threat, partly of our own making because we allowed some really bad actors to move on us, and partly due to things we are barely aware of. I'm not Biblical in that respect, leaving those avenues to others more schooled in religious matters. 
The fact that we now see the fangs and claws of those who would have us, it's impossible to put that cork of unawareness and lack of knowing back in the bottle and just hope for the best. The best we can do is be self aware, prepared and knowledgeable that these are uncertain times filled with financial mistakes, monetary hurricanes and political earthquakes. Some are of our own making because we elect fools and psychos to high office. Some are made by those who don't care who they harm they do so long as we are forced to pick up the tab. Picking up the tax used to be voluntary. Now it's written into law. We get to make good on everything that's been done wrong by the 1% and their political allies. They f*** up and we get to pay. 
Ayn Rand spoke of this and many things in her book Atlas Shrugged but more than that, we have dozens of tomes and hundreds of authors telling us that things are not what they seem. The old paradigms no longer hold. Knowing this it's best to have some assets that comprises a good fallback position if the worst should befall us. 
This entry was posted in Finance News , Gold News , Silver News and tagged AGXIIK , Dollar collapse , economic collapse , Gold , hyperinflation , inflation , silver . Bookmark the permalink . Post navigation

ARTICLE

Home » Headlines » World News » Thank You FBI: The Clinton Email Investigation Has Shifted The Poll Numbers Significantly In Trump's Favor 
'Worse than Watergate' 
Donald Trump has all the momentum now. Unless something changes, Americans are going to go to the polls on November 8th with an FBI criminal investigation hanging over the Clinton campaign like an ominous cloud, and that is very good news for Trump… 

From Michael Snyder : 
Will it be enough to propel him to victory on election day? Trump's poll numbers were improving even before we learned that the FBI had renewed its investigation into Hillary Clinton's emails, and the new survey results that came out over the weekend and on Monday make it clear that Clinton's 'certain victory' is not so certain after all. 
Unless something changes, Americans are going to go to the polls on November 8th with an FBI criminal investigation hanging over the Clinton campaign like an ominous cloud, and that is very good news for Trump. 
The Clinton campaign was hoping that this renewed investigation would not 'move the needle', but unfortunately for them that appears not to be the case. Hillary's unfavorable rating just hit an all-time high, a whopping 45 percent of all Americans believe that this scandal is 'worse than Watergate', and a Rasmussen survey has found that 40 percent of all undecided voters that are leaning toward voting for Hillary Clinton are still open to changing their minds before election day. 
And even before this story broke on Friday, Clinton was having a difficult time getting her voters to the polls. According to the New York Times, early voting among young adults and African-American voters is significantly down compared to 2012, and those are demographic groups that Clinton desperately needs to turn out in large numbers. 
But of course the key to winning the election is getting to 270 electoral votes, and poll numbers appear to be shifting in the key swing states that Trump and Clinton both desperately need. For a moment, I would like to examine what the numbers currently look like in some of the most important states… 
Florida 
Without Florida, Donald Trump has absolutely no chance of winning. This is something that even the Trump campaign has admitted. That is why it was so alarming that most of the polls in October had Hillary Clinton leading in the state. 
Fortunately for Trump, a new survey that was conducted on Sunday shows him leading in Florida by four points. 
Georgia 
Georgia wasn't supposed to be a problem. Georgia has traditionally been a deep red state, but polling throughout this election season had shown a very tight race. This had Republicans deeply concerned and the Clinton camp very happy. 
But now the momentum has seemingly shifted and the latest poll has Trump up by seven points. 
North Carolina 
Mitt Romney won North Carolina in 2012, and Donald Trump very much needs to win it if he hopes to be triumphant on November 8th. Hillary Clinton was shown to be leading in the eight most recent polls before the email story broke, but in the first major survey conducted afterwards she is now down by two points. 
Ohio 
No Republican has ever won the presidency without Ohio, and Trump knows how important it is to his chances. The three most recent polls conducted before the FBI renewed the investigation into Hillary Clinton's emails all showed a tie, but now the very first survey conducted afterwards shows Trump up by five points. 
Colorado 
Hillary Clinton has consistently been in the lead in Colorado throughout this campaign, and most experts didn't give Trump much of a chance in the state, but the latest survey shows that Clinton's lead has been whittled down to just one point. 
Arizona 
A survey that was conducted in mid-October showed Clinton having a five point lead in John McCain's home state, but now the latest major poll has Trump up by two points. 
Nevada 
One of the most important swing states out west is Nevada, and most surveys showed Hillary Clinton with a strong lead throughout the month of October. Unfortunately for her, a poll that was conducted on Sunday shows Donald Trump with a four point lead. 
Clearly Trump has the momentum at this point, and it will be very interesting to see how the numbers change over the next few days. 
And as we learn more about what is in these newly discovered emails, will her fellow Democrats stick with her? Already, some are publicly wavering. The following example comes from WND… 
Longtime Clinton confidante and former Democratic pollster Doug Schoen told Fox News the newly renewed FBI investigation into Hillary Clinton's private email server is forcing him to 'reassess' his support for the Democratic nominee for president. 
Schoen, a Fox News contributor, made the comments to host Harris Faulkner during a live television appearance Sunday night on 'Fox Report Weekend.' 
Public opinion is shifting quickly, but the bad news for Trump is that more than 23 million Americans have already voted. So millions upon millions of Americans cast their votes before they even learned of this new FBI investigation. If the race is very close, that could end up making the difference. 
And of course the race could dramatically change once again if the FBI comes to some sort of resolution about these new emails prior to November 8th. On Monday, CNNreported that a resolution before election day did not appear to be likely… 
FBI officials are unlikely to finish their review of new emails potentially related to its investigation into Hillary Clinton's private server before the November 8 election. 
The initial work of cataloging top Clinton aide Huma Abedin's emails found on her estranged husband Anthony Weiner's laptop could be done in the next few days, US law enforcement officials told CNN. 
But the investigators are expected to spend more time doing other work, including likely working with other federal agencies to determine what — if any — classified materials are in the emails. This makes it unlikely there will be a resolution prior to the election. 
However, late on Monday evening the Drudge Report reported that the L.A. Times has learned that investigators may have a 'preliminary assessment' completed 'in coming days'… 
LA TIMES TUESDAY: FBI Investigators had planned to conduct new email review over several weeks. It now hopes to complete 'preliminary assessment' in coming days, but agency officials have not decided how, or whether, they will disclose results publicly… Developing… 
Whether good or bad, I do believe that the American people deserve to hear something conclusive about these emails before November 8th. 
If nothing is found to implicate Clinton, the American people should be told that. 
And if evidence of very serious crimes is discovered, there is no way in the world that should be held back until after the election. 
Even if it throws the election into complete and utter chaos, the American people deserve to know the truth. 
But will we get it? 
Stay tuned, because I think that this is going to be a crazy week.

ARTICLE

Tweet Home » Silver » Silver News » Silver Signals The Flight To Real Safety Is On Again – Fund Manager 
The movement back into non-fiat assets is starting again – anything connected to debt, like housing, is a de facto fiat asset. The best indicator of this is not gold, but silver: 

From PM Fund Manager Dave Kranzler : 
Gold is powering higher because the dollar is dropping. The dollar index is down 1.7% in the last 3 1/2 trading sessions. It's down 2.3% vs the euro in the last 5 1/2 days, down 2.1% vs the yen in the last 3 days and down nearly 2% vs. the Swissie since Sunday night. 
This is NOT about the political chaos connected to the U.S. election. That's a sideshow distraction to the real problems going on behind the scene. 
The U.S. economy is starting to collapse. This is becoming glaringly evident from most of the data, notwithstanding the highly manipulated economic reports like auto sales. 
The movement back into non-fiat assets is starting again – anything connected to debt, like housing, is a de facto fiat asset. The best indicator of this is not gold, but silver. Silver was correlating with SPX for most of October, when the investment 'thesis' was 'a strengthening economy is good for industrial metals.' 
The graph below illustrates this. It shows silver's movement vs. the SPX for the last 3 months: 
Silver correlated almost perfectly with the movement of the SPX for most of October (shaded area on the graph). But silver has moved up while the SPX has been selling off (including today, Nov 2nd) the past 4 trading sessions. This signals a switch from silver performing as an 'industrial' metal to silver functioning as a 'monetary' metal. 
Certainly based on the gold-silver ratio, silver is extraordinarily cheap to gold and thus represents a prototypical 'value' trade as the markets begin to accept and reflect economic reality and reject the politically-charge propaganda about a 'healthy' economy coming from the Fed, the White House and the Democratic candidates. 
IRD sponsor's the Mining Stock Journal , which provides unique commentary and insight into the precious metals and mining stock market. It also presents typically an under-followed junior mining stock investment idea and, when warranted, large-cap trade. A few issues ago I recommended First Majestic calls. As of today, those calls are up over 50% from offer side at issue to bid side right now. New subscribers also receive all of the back-issues. You can subscribe by clicking here: Mining Stock Journal.

ARTICLE

Home » Headlines » World News » WIKILEAKS Reveals Podesta's Own Thoughts On Hillary: 'She's Acting Like A RETARD – She Smells Like Boiled Cabbage, Urine And FARTS' 
Wikileaks is the gift that keeps on giving… 

While not quite on the Bombshell level, we thought this email from Clinton Campaign Manager John Podesta himself in March of last year deserved its very own thread… 

Text of the Podesta email: 
People tell me that Hillary is acting 'like a retard' since her head injury. Frankly, considering her normal behavior, I'm surprised anyone noticed! (this is a joke!) Have someone talk to her doctor and see if there's anything he can give her. 
Also, I've noticed she's had an 'odor' lately. It reminds me of a combination of boiled cabbage, urine and farts. I'm guessing it's either connected to her fall or simply the fact that she rarely bathes. Outside of encouraging her to take a shower once in a while, I don't know what to do about this. — any suggestions would be appreciated. 
–sent from my iPad– [email protected] 

While John wonders whether the literal stench from Hillary is a mixture of urine and farts, we suspect that smell is properly identified as sulfur… This entry was posted in World News and tagged Anthony Weiner laptop , Hillary Clinton , Hillary smells like urine , Podesta Emails , Wikileaks bombshell , Wikileaks latest revelations , Wikileaks past 48 hours . Bookmark the permalink . Post navigation

ARTICLE

I suspect there's at least one or two layers of deceipt not on the table here. Such as the Saudi's genocide on Yemen (happening NOW), and their coziness with Israel. And let's not forget that all genocides except the Yemeni are enacted by USA for Saudi Arabia. The stupid and the weak in NATO join in. 
Making this just a islamist thing seems still too shortsighted. This may just be the front. Some muslims may believe it, but this is not what the top intent is. Leave a Reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Today's Top Articles

ARTICLE

Silver And Gresham's Law Posted on Home » Silver » Silver News » Silver And Gresham's Law 
Silver has been, is, and always will be 'poor man's gold.' Gold is unobtainable for most people in the world the way it's priced right now. If a global crisis hits silver is going to be remonetized by the free market… 

From PM Fund Manager Dave Kranzler : 
If it's not just an industrial metal, like it is today, if governments and central banks start holding it (silver), and this is a copy-cat effect, because obviously you know this, once one of the central banks does something the rest will do it because they don't want to be different. – Lior Gantz, The Daily Coin, Silver Will Be Re-Monetized By The Market 
I n 1965 Lyndon Johnson signed the Coinage Act of 1965, which removed the silver content from dimes and quarters and took the silver content in half-dollars down to 40%. In 1970 silver was removed completely from the half-dollars. The excuse given was that the country was running out of silver. But the truth is that the U.S. Government in conjunction with England was dumping its Central Bank stock of silver (and gold) onto the market in order to prevent the price of these precious metals from rising against the U.S. dollar, which had been effectively the world's reserve currency for 20 years. 
In fact, the silver-based U.S. coins were disappearing from the market because the value of the silver content in these coins had risen above the face value of the coins. It was real-time proof of Gresham's Law. In effect, it was an effort by the U.S. Government to de-monetize silver, which has been civilized history's oldest monetary metal. The U.S. could not yet de-monetize gold because, based on the Bretton Woods Agreement, the U.S. was required to back all Treasuries bonds issued to foreign buyers with gold. But a year after the last remnants of silver were removed from U.S.-minted coins, the Nixon Government disconnected gold from the reserve currency. 
Ultimately, silver will become re-monetized. Silver has been, is and always will be 'poor man's gold.' In today's episode of The Daily Coin, we discuss the eventual re-monetization of silver. As a bonus, we describe the fraudulent nature of Tesla's latest earnings report.

ARTICLE

Silver Price Discovery – It's Still a Fix Posted on Home » Silver » Silver News » Silver Price Discovery – It's Still a Fix 
You could not really get more corrupt than this. They've gone from a few banks setting the price to a few banks setting the price. From Dr. Jeffrey Lewis : 
Absurdities continue in the world of derivative or electronic or paper silver. In what will someday be viewed as the monumental public relations miracle that it is, the silver fix has been transplanted into just another body riddled with cancer. 
Below I've collected and commented on one of the most prevalent stories characterizing the announcement. 
The essence of this is moderately transparent. The banks need to avoid more public relations disasters. They are certainly in for enough as it is. 
The CME Group (Chicago Mercantile Exchange) is the perfect replacement. The COMEX A for-profit facilitator of the very mechanism used to control and exploit to begin with. 
Exchanges are like currencies is some way. Most people view exchanges as harmless independent facilitators; in the way that many people still believe at some level that the dollar or any fiat currency used today is 'backed by gold'. 
Of course, not much could be further from the truth. The CME is a for-profit enabler, a behemoth and primary culprit in the price manipulation mechanism. 
'CME Group and Thomson Reuters will operate an electronic silver benchmark when the 117-year-old 'fix' is disbanded in August, in a move widely seen preceding sweeping reforms of precious metals price-setting.' 
The underlying assumption is that it's okay to set prices to begin with. 
' The London Bullion Market Association (LBMA) said in a statement on Friday that CME Group will provide a price platform and methodology for the daily process, while Thomson Reuters is responsible for administration and governance.' 
You could not really get more corrupt than this. They've gone from a few banks setting the price to a few banks setting the price. 
Of course, most people – especially traders who specialize in reading artificially induced tea leaves – like assuming your screen saver display is a clear indication of reality. 
'CME/Thomson Reuters will start testing the new process in early August after the closely contested competition to produce a solution.' Since, there was a competition – a very heated one – it must be necessary. Everyone loves a circus. Here you have a classic example of one. 
'The silver fix – used by producers, consumers and investors – is set every day at noon by three banks via a conference call, working out a price at which their customers are willing to buy and sell the metal.' 
Another assumption is that these banks are there looking out for their customers. Perhaps occasionally. 
Now, instead of a conference call, it's been handed over to an exchange that is notorious for HFT and enabling the decades long manipulation – essentially taking pesky users and producers completely out of the equation and handing it over fully to speculators. 
'The LBMA consulted market participants with the aim of producing a transparent electronic alternative that complies with toughened regulatory benchmarking standards.' 
Electronic alternative to physical reality. But toughened benchmarking standards will make the whole charade perfectly fail safe in its mission to profit by enabling real clients to front run the market, delaying and 'fragilizing' an already precarious imbalance. 
The new price mechanism is electronic, auction-based and auditable, the LBMA said. It is also tradable with an increased number of direct participants. 
Yes, now more disinterested speculative participation can come in and continue the attempts at distorting reality with ones and zeros. In other words, more sheep for the slaughter. 
'The winner of the silver fixings is of course the first who would have his hat in the ring when it comes to conducting the other fixings,' said one market participant who took part in the LBMA consultation. 
'Financial details of the service to be provided by CME Group and Thomson Reuters were not disclosed.' 
You can practically guarantee that it will be a bonanza for all parties concerned and that the big banks are laughing, as it were, all the way to the bank. 
' The banks involved in the current silver fixing are Deutsche Bank, HSBC and Bank of Nova Scotia–ScotiaMocatta. 
Deutsche Bank's decision earlier this year to leave the gold and silver fix process raised questions about the future of the precious metals benchmarking system.' 
Yes, basically they were put on the hot seat. In realizing the potential public relations fiasco, they pulled out of the whole thing all together. Again, that the issue is framed the way it is (a benchmark with a serious tone) is laughable, if not absurd. 
Just a little while. It will all be forgotten. History is re-written in a mechanism even Orwell would never have imagined. The massive multinational hedge funds disguised as banks have managed to deflect a public relations nightmare – another potential nine inch nail in the coffin of confidence. The fix may have a new home, but the paper market is evermore broken. 
We spent the last 30+ years educating an entire generation on how to extract wealth from our economy through the application of ever more complex financial arrangements. 
But all this added complexity didn't produce any real tangible value. It's a fiscal Jenga pile, and now we need the wood. We don't have the luxury of time to unbuild this in an orderly way – to re-establish the relationship between human productivity and the value of money. 
And so the Fed will act astonished when the greed-fueled architects of this mess grab the easy-to-reach wood from the bottom of the financial heap. 2017 Gold Pandas and 2017 Silver Pandas Are Now Available! Secure Your 2017 Panda Coins Today at SD Bullion! This entry was posted in Silver News and tagged Jeffrey Lewis , silver fix , silver manipulation . Bookmark the permalink . Post navigation

