ARTICLE

Associated Press reporter admits faking news stories for Hillary Clinton… stunning admission reveals how AP prints whatever the Clintons want, FACTS BE DAMNED share in: Corruption , Hillary Clinton , Lies , Mainstream Media 
In case you had any doubt whatsoever about the total dishonesty of the Associated Press — which also pushes pro-pharma vaccine propaganda and Monsanto's quack science talking points — check out this email involving AP reporter Eric Tucker and Clinton operatives David Kendall and Cheryl Mills (source: Wikileaks ). 
The authenticity of this email is already confirmed via Google.com DKIM key (an email authentication code). (Bolding added below.) 
Subject: Re: FW: Hi again from AP (inquiry about thumb drive) 
From: cheryl.mills@gmail.com Subject: Re: FW: Hi again from AP (inquiry about thumb drive) 
On Tue, Aug 11, 2015 at 6:02 PM, Kendall, David <dkendall@wc.com>wrote: 
It's getting out. 
725 Twelfth Street, N.W., Washington, DC 20005 (P) 202-434-5145 | (F) 202-434-5029 
*Sent:* Tuesday, August 11, 2015 6:00 PM *To:* Kendall, David *Subject:* Hi again from AP (inquiry about thumb drive) 
Hi David, 
We have been told, and we are preparing to report, that the FBI has taken possession of the thumb drive that was once in your possession. This is what we have been informed, and we wanted to see whether there was any sort of comment that could be provided. If you wanted to steer us away and say that we are misinformed, then I would gladly accept that as well . But we have solid reason to believe this. We'd welcome any comment you can offer. Thanks very much. 
Eric Associated Press reporter says he knows it's true, but will gladly print that it's false 
What's truly astonishing in this email is how AP reporter Eric Tucker says he will gladly LIE to cover for the Clintons . In plain English, he explains that he has 'solid reason' to believe the report about the thumb drive, but he will gladly publish a false narrative via the Associated Press , and he even suggests what that false narrative should be: 'If you wanted to steer us away and say that we are misinformed, then I would gladly accept that as well.' 
In other words, he's not just corrupt, dishonest and fraudulent as a journalist, he's also SUGGESTING the false narrative the Clintons should use! 
This is the exact same way the AP talks to the CDC about vaccines and measles, by the way. Essentially, the Associated Press reporters say, 'We are total media whores, we will bend over and grab our ankles while you shove your fake story down the throats of our readers who foolishly think we're a credible news organization.' 
You gotta love Eric Tucker for this. The guy takes the prize for finally spelling out in black and white what we've known for years: the AP is a total joke when it comes to real journalism . Note carefully that the AP won't even fire Tucker for this admission. He'll probably get a prize of some sort. How many other Associated Presstitutes have deliberately LIED to cover up Clinton crimes? 
It all brings to mind the obvious question: How many other Associated Presstitutes deliberately lied to cover up Clinton crimes? 
Just what percentage of AP stories about the Clinton scandals are actually FAKE NEWS pretending to be credible journalism? (Answer: Probably about 99%.) 
It's not just AP, either. It's the same story at every other mainstream news organization across America: They're all liars and crooks, and they're all working for Hillary Clinton, the serial killer and rape excuser. 
Keep 'em coming, Wikileaks. The world needs you now more than ever. Receive breaking news and alerts from Newstarget! 

ARTICLE

YouTube censoring videos – on censorship! share in: Education , Google , Journalism YouTube has yet again censored another educational video from Prager University. The content of the banned video? Criticism of censorship; hopefully the irony of their choice to remove it isn't lost on YouTube's executives. The video, titled The Dark Art of Political Intimidation, was released last week and features Kimberly Strassel. Strassel is a Wall Street Journal columnist who explains tactics commonly used by the leftists to shut down free speech from the right. This included blackmail, harassment and intimidation. Back in 2010, the IRS started to target conservative non-profit organizations intentionally. Groups were experiencing heavy delays when trying to aquire tax exempt non-profit status. This was an attempt to curb their political involvement in the 2012 election, explained Strassel. A Democratic prosecutor in Wisconsin launched a shadow campaign of financial investigation against conservatives. Their houses were raided before sunrise, with accompanying gag orders to keep them quiet about the raids. The reason for all that was revenge for supporting the Republican Governor Scott Walker. Kimberly Strassel highlights even more examples in the five-minute video showing censorship of political opponents. Youtube placed the video into restricted mode — which is a common filter used by schools, libraries and parents to shield their children from outrageously obscene and graphic content. NewsBusters reports: 'Conservative radio host Dennis Prager's idea for PragerU is to give students alternative, non-progressive takes on history, civics and other issues. there's no cursing, no violence or any kind of indecency in any of them.' Prager University's videos including those that have been censored are all G rated. This leaves questions about why the popular video platform is placing restrictions on them. At least 21 additional videos produced by the conservative not for profit educational organization that is Prager University have been placed into restricted mode by Youtube. There is a petition circulating to stop the censorship, which has aquired over 76,000 signatures so far. Hopefully, YouTube will get its act together about restricting videos that pose no threat to children. Better yet, they should make some key changes to their algorithms to prevent this from happening in the future. A Youtube statement given to Wall Street Journal stated, '[V]ideo restrictions are decided by an 'algorithm' that factors in 'community flagging' and 'sensitive content.'' Basically progressives tripped the algorithm in an attempt to limit free speech and political involvement from conservatives. YouTube has lifted the restriction on The Dark Art of Political Intimidation this past weekend, thanks to the Wall Street Journal giving them a very hard time over the censorship. Sources: 

ARTICLE

The Rothschild Family has corrupted global banks, news media, oil and government share in: Central banks , Currency & debt , Deception , Energy , Freedom 
The New World Order might seem a bit far-fetched for many. A handful of powerful people acting as puppet masters for the human race is a thought that might not even cross the minds of many that have seamlessly adapted to the beliefs that were instilled in them from a young age. The thought that we are all being controlled and enslaved by the banks with the aid of the government is for conspiracy theorists. There is no doubt that there are negative connotations associated with being a conspiracy theorist. That belief has been re-iterated many times, mostly from the mainstream media. There are people who see the world for what they are told it is, others see what's really going on behind the curtain. The stranglehold the global elite have on money and knowledge makes them very powerful. They either directly or indirectly control every aspect of our lives. 
Global mega-corporations make up to billions of dollars on an annual basis. A select few at the top of the company make absurd amounts of money, while the employees making the difference and driving the company forward are barely paid enough money to stay afloat. If humans stay busy working 40 weekly hours for very little income, they won't have the time or the resources to realize they have been dealt a bad hand. The top 1 percent doesn't want Americans to be any more educated then to have the ability to help operate and patronize their business'. 
The global elite have a system in place which allows them to grow their global banking empire. All of humanity are literally slaves to the economic system. Money is necessary for our survival in the real world today. Most people will spend the majority of their time working just to survive in the system. If money is the god of our time, that makes Rothschild his prophet. Public School programs worldwide are where the global elite first begin to shape our minds. They continue the shaping through the media. We are taught what they want us to know and nothing more. 
The rich continue to get richer by purchasing up many successful smaller businesses. When the top 1 percent owns the majority of banks, resources and even our governments, it means big problems for the people. The Rothschilds' are worth over $500 trillion and they are just 1 of 13 families that pretty much collectively own the world. The Rothschilds' alone could pay off the US national debt 26 times over. Unfortunately they would never do such a thing because they own the majority of the world's central banks. The New World Order's agenda is slowly taking small steps toward complete and definitive enslavement through use of the monetary system and ownership of resources. 
Sources: 

ARTICLE

Doctors prescribe deadly opioid for pain-related issues that aren't even legal share in: Big Pharma , FDA , Harmful medicine , Health , medical marijuana , Pharmaceutical Drug Addiction 
Corruption. Bribery. Death. All three are examined in various news reports on a little known 'specialty pharmaceutical company' called Insys Theraputics. They are currently under legal fire for Subsys, a controversial sublingual spray that disperses fentanyl, a very fast acting opioid that is '80 times more potent than morphine.' The under the tongue delivery allows the fentanyl to bypass the gastrointestinal system and deliver the opioid directly into the blood stream. The Federal Drug Administration (FDA) has ruled that Subsys can only be prescribed to help cancer patients gain relief from 'sudden spikes of excruciating pain.' 
Sarah Fuller was a 32 year old woman who suffered from anxiety and fibromyalgia . She didn't have cancer. But that didn't stop her doctor from prescribing Subsys for her aches and pains. The fentanyl acted quickly with Sarah's already prescribed Xanax, a benzodiazepine. She died. Her family is suing the manufacturer. But why did Sarah's doctor prescribe a drug that wasn't approved? That's easy to answer. Just follow the money. 
As Stat reports, the sales of Subsys grew to $331 million precisely because physicians give it to patients that don't have cancer, like Sarah Fuller. Doctors get big dollars to simply talk about the drug over dinner, or lunch. Over $6 million dollars have been paid to doctors and health practitioners for this word of mouth activity. 
Take the example of nurse practitioner Heather Alfonso from Illinois. She was paid $83,000 to 'go to dinner with a few people,' and in response, prescribed $1.6 million dollars of Subsys scripts to patients that weren't suffering with cancer pain. She didn't contest the allegations against her. 
Getting paid to speak isn't automatically a bribe, but it appears to be a consistent theme when it comes to Susbys marketing methods. Alabama prosecutors built a case against Nancy Reed Perhacs, who used to be a sales representative for Insys Theraputics. Ms. Perhacs coordinated speaking fees for a doctor friend, provided he prescribed Subsys. Her take was $700,000. Other investigations about similar practices are ongoing in Kansas, Rhode Island, New York, Oregon, Michigan, Florida and New Hampshire. 
The chief executive, founder and chairman of Insys Theraputics is billionaire John Kapoor. He's been around the block with other controversial pharmaceutical start ups. Kapoor thinks doctors are 'all ethical.' His new FDA approved drug is a chemically created synthetic tetrahydrocannabinol (THC) called Syndros. As states legalize the real medicine in cannabis , THC and CBD oil , this is an important pharmaceutical to boycott. 
Sources: 

ARTICLE

NYT credibility DESTROYED by 7 simple questions from Newt Gingrich share in: Editorials , Journalism , Trump 
The New York Times publisher and executive editor have promised to rededicate the paper to its fundamental mission — to report America and the world honestly, without favors and fear. The paper claims they will strive to understand and reflect all political perspectives and life experiences in stories brought to the public. This announcement is almost considered an apology to its readers for providing a year and a half of unbalanced and unhinged coverage of the presidential race. 
Sean Hannity suggests that Trump must ignore the media and trust his gut instincts. He was sad to see the 165-year-old paper destroy their credibility over the election season. It was obvious to dedicated readers that the Times had abandoned its old coverage standards. Stories were unrelentingly hostile towards Trump and his supporters. Reporters were including their personal opinions and political analysis in the news coverage. This allowed animosity toward Trump to be spread all over social media by political reporters. Front page stories on The New York Times were accusing Trump of lying, but the paper never published the same findings in reference to Hillary Clinton . The paper's liberal readership has even gotten tired of reporting that resembles state controlled propaganda of totalitarian regimes. Newt Gingrich destroys the New York Times credibility with seven simple questions. 
The New York Times has struggled mightily to answer some serious questions posed by the former United States House of Representatives speaker. Gingrich, a Republican, has asked the times whether they have any reporters, editors or columnists that will say they voted for Trump. He elaborated to ask if they have since hired any Trump supporters to work those positions for the Times. The paper struggled to say whether or not it has hired any Republican reporters at all. 
Gingrich has also asked if the New York Times has changed its policies allowing journalists to express their opinions about events and people they are covering. The fourth question asked by Gingrich wondered if the Times reporters would surrender any Pulitzer Prizes awarded for news stories containing personal opinions. Here are the final questions that the Times struggled to address. 'Have its editors retracted misleading news headlines that expressed opinions — such as the paper's coverage of Trump's tax returns?' 'Has it fired reporters who admitted to writing politically motivated 'news' stories and encouraged interview subjects to talk to them so they could stop Trump?' 'Has it retracted its shameful election-eve front-page story 'reporting' on Trump's innermost thoughts and feelings, virtually every sentence of which is filled with reporters' opinions and speculations–featuring claims like 'he is struggling to suppress his bottomless need for attention' 
Sources: 

