ARTICLE


An NSA Whistleblower says that Hillary Clinton's deleted emails are easily accessible by the NSA and FBI should they desire to look at them, and he suggests that the hacks on the Democratic National Committee's server was not done by Russia, as many pundits are claiming, but possibly by a disgruntled U.S. intelligence worker.
William Binney, the architect of the NSA's surveillance program, resigned on October 31, 2001, after working for the agency for more than 30 years. He thinks that an intelligence worker may have hacked into the DNC emails due to concern about Hillary Clinton's disregard of national security in her use of a personal email server and her continued lies about her activity. Once accessed, there's no telling where the information could have gone.
The 'Putin did it' story is a fable used to sway voters towards Clinton's war-driven agenda.

On a talk radio show, he mentioned that there are numerous questions that are not being answered about the hacked DNC emails and the network log available to the NSA.
Binney explains that there was no evidence tying the alleged Russian hacks to Wikileaks, and he says that they would have access to this information through the network logs. 'So, if the FBI really wanted them, they can go into that database and get them right now,' he said.
He finds their reluctance to speak to this matter highly suspicious. Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by Ryan Banister of The Daily Sheeple . 

ARTICLE


I know Hillary has probably never used a Twitter account personally in her entire life, but if she is, that would make this Tweet sent out on her official account even funnier.
Happy birthday to this future president. pic.twitter.com/JT3HiBjYdj 
— Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) October 26, 2016 

Not only does this woman obviously just know, with every fiber of her being, that's she's got the election in the bag, but now she's wishing herself happy birthday?
Who does that?
Oh yeah, that's right, no one.
@HillaryClinton Whomever is managing your social media account needs to be fired immediately. No one wishes themselves a happy birthday.
— Steve Peer (@everymahn) October 26, 2016 

@HillaryClinton 'when you wish a happy birthday to your self' pic.twitter.com/8Rnrjif5Fl 
— seed (@seed30_Greek) October 26, 2016 

What's even more hilarious are the responses.
@HillaryClinton I've seen that look before. pic.twitter.com/TQ7FaW7Mnr 
— Ian McKelvey (@mckelvey_ian) October 26, 2016 

@HillaryClinton Last picture taken before she became corrupt.
— Everyday American (@NashRamblers) October 26, 2016 

@HillaryClinton happy bday to the single most corrupt politician in the history of the USA! #NeverHillary 
— Chuck Norris (@Chuck7817) October 26, 2016 

Odd RT @HillaryClinton Happy birthday to this future president. pic.twitter.com/FpluGgnovD 
— Marcus Hawkins (@HawkinsUSA) October 26, 2016 

@HawkinsUSA @HillaryClinton Don't you mean… pic.twitter.com/5nhQSSnVqT 
— Truthstream Media (@truthstreamnews) October 26, 2016 

@HillaryClinton pic.twitter.com/80Kzpu0WwE 
— Deplorable Lil Trump (@USAneedsTRUMP) October 26, 2016 

@seed30_Greek @HillaryClinton hitler was a sweet little child once too
— First name here last (@Anodramazone66) October 26, 2016 

@HillaryClinton happy birthday you cruel warmonger. pic.twitter.com/7pY5O6uudo 
— Veronica (@PotluckPolitico) October 26, 2016 

@HillaryClinton This IS a better birthday picture pic.twitter.com/V3bc4adfKL 
— DeplorableHispanic (@bibi4Trump) October 26, 2016 

@HillaryClinton pic.twitter.com/JnPLNrLeFP 
— Wes Stull (@WesStull) October 26, 2016 
Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by Melissa Dykes of The Daily Sheeple . 
Melissa Dykes is a writer, researcher, and analyst for The Daily Sheeple and a co-creator of Truthstream Media with Aaron Dykes, a site that offers teleprompter-free, unscripted analysis of The Matrix we find ourselves living in. Melissa and Aaron also recently launched Revolution of the Method and Informed Dissent . Wake the flock up! 

ARTICLE

Joe Joseph discusses a recent SHTFPlan.com article that shows rampant electronic voting machine manipulation nationwide.

Watch on YouTube 
Related reading: Electronic Voting Machines Caught Switching Trump Votes To Hillary: 'Trying to Steal Texas' Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by Lily Dane of The Daily Sheeple . 
Lily Dane is a staff writer for The Daily Sheeple. Her goal is to help people to 'Wake the Flock Up!' 

ARTICLE

Editor's Note : The CDC is guilty of nothing shorter than CRIMES AGAINST HUMANITY. Period.

 
Here are the bones of the story. For the first time in 30 years, a vaccine-damage case has gone before a court judge. Lawyers for a 16-year-old autistic boy are suing a medical clinic for administering vaccines that brought about the autism. The CDC, of course, denies any connection between vaccines and autism. But one of its own long-time researchers, William Thompson, has publicly confessed to fraud in that area. Thompson states that he and his colleagues concealed research data that would have shown the MMR vaccine and mercury-laden vaccines do cause autism. The lawyers for the 16-year-old boy want to bring in Thompson to testify about what he knows. The CDC has said NO. The head of the CDC, Thomas Frieden, states, 'Dr. William Thompson's deposition testimony would not substantially promote the objectives of CDC or HHS [the Department of Health and Human Services].'
Well, he's right, because the CDC is the PR arm of the vaccine industry. The CDC is a major purchaser of vaccines for the US federal government. If this boy won his case, other cases would follow. The potential monetary exposure in judgments? A trillion dollars or more.
Ecowatch.com has the details :
'The medical malpractice case seeking Dr. Thompson's testimony is on behalf of 16-year-old Yates Hazlehurst. The lawsuit alleges that Yates is autistic as a result of vaccine injuries, which occurred when the vaccines were improperly administered in 2001. Because of the Vaccine Injury Compensation Act of 1986 (VICA), Hazlehurst v. The Jackson Clinic is the only vaccine injury case that has gone to any U.S. court in 30 years.'
'Dr. Thompson wants to reveal the scientific fraud and destruction of evidence that took place in the studies that he co-authored. However, in accordance with the Whistle Blower Protection Act and other federal regulations, Dr. Thompson can not testify under oath without the permission of the director of the CDC, Dr. Thomas Frieden.'
'The request on behalf of Hazlehurst specifically relates to the issue of causation, i.e. the issue of whether vaccines can cause autism, which the State of Tennessee Circuit Court Judge found to be both relevant and a proper basis for seeking the deposition of Dr. Thompson.'
'Judge Acree ordered on Feb. 5 that Dr. Thompson should be deposed. Following Judge's Acree's ruling, Smith [Bryan Smith, the boy's attorney] filed a formal request to CDC to make Thompson available for deposition and trial testimony.'
'On Sept. 22, in a letter from CDC Director Thomas Freiden, CDC denied Smith's request. Smith explained that 'this denial was a disappointment but not a surprise, since the inescapable implication of Dr. Thompson's testimony is that the agency fraudulently altered the science to undermine autism cases worth potentially $1 trillion in compensation ordered by Congress'.'
'Smith and Kennedy [Robert F Kennedy, Jr., the boy's other attorney] plan to immediately appeal the CDC's denial to federal court.'
William Thompson, the CDC whistleblower, is the subject of the film Vaxxed ( trailer ). Thompson has admitted publicly that he and his CDC colleagues literally threw damning data into a garbage can, to avoid reaching the conclusion, in a 2004 study, that the MMR vaccine raises the risk of autism in children.
His testimony in court would be explosive, to say the least.
Since he is still employed by the CDC, his bosses can keep him out of court. They can muzzle him. They can threaten him. No doubt, Thompson has also signed non-disclosure agreements with the Agency.
How far would the federal government go to silence Thompson, who could open a Pandora's box containing a trillion dollars in potential judgements? All the way is the obvious answer.
The implications of Thompson's testimony involve much more than money: the massive destruction of lives through vaccinations. That is ultimately the crime of crimes at the bottom of the cover-up.
And the CDC would be rightly seen as a primary agent in both the crimes and the cover-up.
If the US Department of Justice had any sense of honor, or courage, scores of CDC employees would be in jail right now.
And if major media outlets had any sense of honor, or courage, they would be swarming all over the CDC, hammering on many employees and obtaining confessions from them, releasing the rank truth about vaccines from the Agency's offices and labs of shame.
(To read about Jon's mega-collection, Power Outside The Matrix , click here .) Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by Jon Rappoport of No More Fake News . 
The author of an explosive collection, THE MATRIX REVEALED , Jon was a candidate for a US Congressional seat in the 29th District of California. Nominated for a Pulitzer Prize, he has worked as an investigative reporter for 30 years, writing articles on politics, medicine, and health for CBS Healthwatch, LA Weekly, Spin Magazine, Stern, and other newspapers and magazines in the US and Europe. Jon has delivered lectures and seminars on global politics, health, logic, and creative power to audiences around the world. 

ARTICLE

Editor's Note : Meanwhile, in countries that aren't being distracted by the biggest bread and circuses election show you've ever seen…

Russian strategic missile troops reportedly launched an RS-18 ballistic missile on Tuesday. The launch may have been a test of the advanced hypersonic glider warhead, which would be able to defeat US anti-missile systems.
The test was conducted at midday from a site near the town of Yasny, Orenburg region, in the southern Urals, and the warhead reached the Kura test range in Kamchatka in Russia's Far East.
'The test was a success. The warhead was delivered to Kura field,' the Defense Ministry reported.
Popular defense blog MilitaryRussia.ru says the launch was meant to test Russia's hypersonic glider warhead, currently known by its developer designation, 'object 4202', or Aeroballistic Hypersonic Warhead.
A select few countries are currently developing the technology. The US has the HTV-2, a device developed by DARPA that has two partially successful tests under its belt. The Chinese warhead using the same technology is called DF-ZF, with Beijing first confirming a test in 2014. India is also studying hypersonic flight technology, but unlike Russia, the US and China, it is reportedly not developing a strategic missile warhead.
A hypersonic glider vehicle (HGV) is different from a conventional ballistic missile warhead in that it travels most of the time in the stratosphere rather than in space. It gives an HGV-tipped missile greater range and may give anti-missile systems a shorter window to respond to an attack.
More importantly, an HGV can maneuver during the approach to a target at high speed, making interception significantly harder, because it makes guiding an interceptor missile towards the attacking vehicle challenging and potentially impossible with current rocket technology.
Object 4202 is reportedly meant to be used with Russia's next-gen heavy strategic missile the RS-28 Sarmat. Military experts estimate that the new ICBM, an image of which was first made public this week, may carry up to three HGVs as payload.
A previous possible test of object 4202 was reported in April. Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by RT.com of RT.com . 

ARTICLE


According to legend, the World War II-era Nazi meteorological station called the 'Schatzgraber' or 'Treasure Hunter' was constructed in 1942. It had been lost for so long, people weren't even sure that it was real or just a myth.
Turns out, it was real.
Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by The Daily Sheeple of www.TheDailySheeple.com . 
This content may be freely reproduced in full or in part in digital form with full attribution to the author and a link to www.TheDailySheeple.com. 

ARTICLE


by Claire Bernish
Tony Podesta — brother of the now-disgraced Hillary Clinton campaign chair John Podesta, whose files Wikileaks has been publishing — is not only a powerful Democratic Party lobbyist, but a registered foreign agent receiving a hefty monthly paycheck from the nefarious government of Saudi Arabia. 
No — as tinfoil-hat conspiracy theorist as it might sound — that scenario is the absolute truth. 
In 1988, John and Tony Podesta formed the Podesta Group and have used their bigwig party-insider status to lobby and influence government policies — while, at various times, simultaneously holding positions of power — which has created a number of glaring conflicts of interest. 
According to the March 2016 filing made in accordance with the Foreign Agents Registration Act of 1938, Tony Podesta is an active foreign agent of the Saudi government with the ' Center for Studies and Media Affairs at the Saudi Royal Court ,' and acts as an officer of the Saudi Arabia account. 
(click to enlarge)


At this point, the web of pay-for-play between the Washington, political heavyweights, and foreign governments comes lurching into the spotlight. 
For starters, the Podesta brothers' lobbying firm receives $140,000 every month from the Saudi government, which, in no uncertain terms — and despite a status as privileged U.S. ally — wages a bloody campaign of censorship, murder, suppression, human rights abuse, and worse against its civilian population, while bombing hospitals, schools, and aid convoys in neighboring nations. 
John Podesta previously served as President Bill Clinton's chief of staff, founded the think tank Center for American Progress (which oh-so-coincidentally touts the need to reframe Saudi Arabia's hopelessly tarnished image), counseled President Obama, and now chairs Hillary Clinton's campaign. 
Tony Podesta acts as a foreign agent for the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia — lobbying to influence government policy in favor of the Kingdom — while also contributing to and bundling for Hillary Clinton's campaign. 
Think about that for a moment. 
One brother uses the influence of money to both affect United States foreign policy and infuse the Clinton campaign with cash — while the other wields the influence of power as a political insider for the same entities. 
As the Washington Post reported months ago in July, Tony Podesta's lobbying efforts 'raised $268,000 for the campaign and $31,000 for the victory fund.' 
'The Saudis hired the Podesta Group in 2015 because it was getting hammered in the press over civilian casualties from its airstrikes in Yemen and its crackdown on political dissidents at home, including sentencing blogger Raif Badawi to ten years in prison and 1,000 lashes for 'insulting Islam,'' Alternet reported . 'Since then, Tony Podesta's fingerprints have been all over Saudi Arabia's advocacy efforts in Washington DC. When Saudi Arabia executed the prominent nonviolent Shia dissident Sheikh Nimr al-Nimr, causing protests throughout the Shia world and inflaming sectarian divisions, The New York Times noted that the Podesta Group provided the newspaper with a Saudi commentator who defended the execution.' 
Notably, the Saudis' reputation has only worsened as further atrocities pile up — concerning not only a record number of barbaric beheadings this year, but suspiciously reckless and errant U.S.-backed coalition bombings of civilian sites in several regions of active conflict. 
Additionally, Tony Podesta's status as a registered foreign agent for Saudi Arabia is at least obliquely discussed in an email from April 15, 2015 — ironically revealed by Wikileaks' publishing of his brothers personal communiques — in which former Clinton Foundation chief development officer and now campaign national finance director Dennis Cheng wrote to a small group of insiders: 
'Hi all – we do need to make a decision on this ASAP as our friends who happen to be registered with FARA [Foreign Agents Registration Act] are already donating and raising. 
'I do want to push back a bit (it's my job!): I feel like we are leaving a good amount of money on the table (both for primary and general, and then DNC and state parties)… and how do we explain to people that we'll take money from a corporate lobbyist but not them; that the Foundation takes $ from foreign govts but we now won't. Either way, we need to make a decision soon.' 
To which general counsel to the Clinton campaign, attorney Marc Elias, replied [all errors original and emphasis added], 
'Responding to all on this. I was not on the call this morning, but I lean away from a bright line rule here. It seems odd to say that someone who represents Alberta, Canada can't give, but a lobbyist for Phillip Morris can. Just as we vet lobbyists case by case, I would do the same with FARA. While this may lead to a large number of FARA registrants being denied, it would not be a flat our ban. A total ban feels arbitrary and will engender the same eye-rolling and ill will that it did for Obama.' 
As the exchange continues, how to precisely handle the campaign's image with potentially controversial donors — while, at all costs, maintaining the flow of cash — becomes even more apparent. As strategist and campaign manager Robby Mook responds, 
'Where do we draw the line though?' 
Elias suggests a particularly intricate solution: 
'If we do it case by case, then it will be subjective. We would look at who the donor is and what foreign entity they are registered for. In judging whether to take the money, we would consider the relationship between that country and the United States, its relationship to the State Department during Hillary's time as Secretary, and its relationship, if any, to the Foundation. In judging the individual, we would look at their history of support for political candidates generally and Hillary's past campaigns specifically. 
'Put simply, we would use the same criteria we use for lobbyists, except with a somewhat more stringent screen. 
'As a legal matter, I am not saying we have to do this – we can decide to simply ban foreign registrants entirely. I'm just offering this up as a middle ground.' 
Mook eventually decides plainly, 
'Marc made a convincing case to me this am that these sorts of restrictions don't really get you anything…that Obama actually got judged MORE harshly as a result. He convinced me. So…in a complete U-turn, I'm ok just taking the money and dealing with any attacks. Are you guys ok with that?' 


All of this political wrangling appears to have had the desired effect — despite increasing calls for the United States to either rein in or sever completely its support for the bloody Saudi regime — the U.S. approved a stunning $1.29 billion sale of smart bombs to the Kingdom in November 2015. 
Tony Podesta's specific contract with the government-run Center for Studies and Media Affairs at the Saudi Royal Court, which will earn $1.68 million by year's end, does, indeed, suggest the infusion of a pro-Saudi message into the U.S. media propaganda machine. 
'Saudi Arabia is consistently one of the bigger players when it comes to foreign influence in Washington,' Sunlight Foundation spokesman Josh Stewart told the Washington Post . 'That spans both what you'd call the inside game, which is lobbying and government relations, and the outside game, which is PR and other things that tend to reach a broader audience than just lobbying.' 
That broader audience — the American public — has indeed been manipulated courtesy of at least the thoroughly-corrupt Clinton campaign if not surreptitiously by the Saudis, as well. 
As The Free Thought Project has repeatedly reported , the evidence of collusion among the Democratic National Committee, Hillary Clinton's campaign, and the mainstream presstitutes is indisputable — including no less than 65 so-called journalists listed by name in various leaks as darlings of the campaign. 
Although this level of corruption and collusion would be considered intolerable in nearly any other nation on the planet. And yet, at the center of this shit storm of contention is an official nominee for the White House — who will not be held responsible for any number of questionable and criminal acts. 
The system isn't rigged — it's performing exactly as intended — and always will as long as the vote validates its existence. Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by The Free Thought Project of thefreethoughtproject.com . 
The Free Thought Project is dedicated to holding those who claim authority over our lives accountable. 

ARTICLE


On this edition of the 'Daily News Brief', Joe Joseph discusses the rampant voter fraud going on in Texas and throughout the US with early voting. Not that anyone should be surprised… He also discusses a very dangerous stance that Donald Trump has taken in the past with regard to Edward Snowden. The Russians test their newest nuclear missile now that Britain has sent troops to their border to join their American allies, and the dark agenda behind 'Globalism'.
Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by The Daily Sheeple of www.TheDailySheeple.com . 
This content may be freely reproduced in full or in part in digital form with full attribution to the author and a link to www.TheDailySheeple.com. 

ARTICLE

Editor's Note : The system KNOWS this is hurting the Middle Class… but since they want to both crush the Middle Class and destroy the private healthcare system in one fell swoop to usher in the government-run single-payer socialist model , they're going to continue to ride this bat straight into Hell.

by Joseph Jankowski
Massachusetts Institute of Technology Professor and architect of Obamacare Jonathan Gruber told CNN's Carol Costello on Wednesday that Obamacare, which is set to see a sharp increase in premium prices next year, is going just as planned. 
When asked what could be done to the Affordable Care Act in order to drive the prices of premiums down, Gruber responded by saying 'the law is working as designed.'

'Look, once again, there is no sense of just what has to be fixed, the law is working as designed,' Gruber told CNN. 'However, it could work better and I think the most important thing experts would agree on is that we need a larger mandate penalty.'
Johnathan Gruber made headlines in 2014 when video surfaced of him saying that the 'lack of transparency' and the 'stupidity of the American voter' helped Obamacare become law.

'Lack of transparency is a huge political advantage,' Gruber said. 'And basically, call it the stupidity of the American voter or whatever, but basically that was really, really critical for the thing to pass.'
Gruber made the comments while discussing how law was 'written in a tortured way' to avoid a negative score from the Congressional Budget Office. He suggested that that Obamacare would have been rejected if the penalties for going without health insurance were interpreted as taxes.
'If CBO scored the (individual) mandate as taxes, the bill dies,' Gruber said.
'If you had a law that made it explicit that healthy people are going to pay in and sick people are going to get subsidies, it would not have passed,' he added.
As the AP reported yesterday, the Obama Administration has confirmed that premiums will sharply rise under the Obamacare law, with many consumers left with only one insurer to choose from.
Premiums for a midlevel benchmark plan will increase on average 25% across 39 states served by the federally run online market, according to a report from the Department of Health and Human Services.
'Consumers will be faced this year with not only big premium increases but also with a declining number of insurers participating, and that will lead to a tumultuous open enrollment period,' Larry Levitt, who tracks the health care law for the nonpartisan Kaiser Family Foundation, told the Associated Press . Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by Planet Free Will of planetfreewill.com . 
The mission of Planet Free Will is to enlighten as many people as possible with truthful and thought provoking information while at the same time keeping you up to date on news occurring around the world. 

ARTICLE


by The Health Ranger Mike Adams
The entire leftist media is not merely dishonest and corrupt, their science writers are unbelievably stupid and ill-informed about nearly everything in the natural world. Today, after months of printing fear-inducing 'Zika terrorism' stories that scared America half to death while convincing the government to funnel billions of dollars into Zika vaccine research for Big Pharma, the Washington Post now admits it had no idea what it was talking about .
But rather than admitting its own science writers were scientifically illiterate propagandists pushing quack narratives as news, the paper now blames other scientists for the gross error by publishing a headline that's once again dishonest and deceptive: 'Scientists are bewildered by Zika's path across Latin America,' it proclaims.
Bewildered about 'Zika's path?' The story headline should actually read, 'Zika HOAX revealed… it doesn't cause brain damage after all.' (Read it at this link .)
Washington Post has been shamelessly pushing the Zika HOAX for months… with no apology to readers 
In the story, writers Dom Phillips and Nick Miroff essentially reveal that what the Washington Post has been writing about the Zika virus has been based entirely in government propaganda and pandemic lies pushed by the CDC, which of course has close ties to the criminal vaccine industry:
Nearly nine months after Zika was declared a global health emergency, the virus has infected at least 650,000 people in Latin America and the Caribbean, including tens of thousands of expectant mothers. 
But to the great bewilderment of scientists, the epidemic has not produced the wave of fetal deformities so widely feared when the images of misshapen infants first emerged from Brazil.
Yes, the Washington Post now says the scientists are 'bewildered' that their apocalyptic scare stories that caused female athletes to skip out on the Rio Olympics and scared tens of millions of Americans into poisoning themselves with DEET (a neurotoxic chemical) turned out to be total hogwash. DEET, by the way, combines with carbamate class pesticides to cause neurological dysfunction in humans , which coincidentally increases the number of people who watch CNN or read the Washington Post.
For the record, no one who reads Natural News is surprised by this revelations that has left mainstream scientists 'bewildered.' It's not bewildering to me. I called Zika a total hoax from day one, pointing out that the brain deformities were caused by larvacide chemicals dumped into the water supply , not by Zika. See some of my stories that clearly spelled all this out months before the Washington Post had any clue what they were writing about:
February 11, 2016: Zika HOAX exposed by South American doctors: Brain deformations caused by larvicide chemical linked to Monsanto; GM mosquitoes a 'total failure' 
June 3, 2016: 10 shocking reasons why Zika virus fear is another fraudulent medical hoax and vaccine industry funding scam 
August 4, 2016: ZIKA DOOMSDAY HOAX UNRAVELS: Predicted 'explosion' of brain defects didn't happen… entire scare campaign was manufactured 
August 29, 2016: Zika propaganda is a 'virus of the mind' rooted in fabricated hysteria, government junk science and dark political agendas 
March 2, 2016: Zika PAYDAY! Obama wants to funnel $1.8 billion for vaccine research and more 
I even published a mini-documentary revealing the published science that shows how DEET insecticide causes brain damage in humans. You can watch it at this link or view the video below:

If anyone from the Washington Post bothered to read Natural News and learn about real science, they would have learned that Zika has infected tens of millions of people throughout South America for decades , with absolutely no measurable increase in neurological deformations. (But facts be damned, the WashPost had a panic to push!)
Nation after nation records tens of thousands of infections with ZERO birth defects… 
Despite the factual reality of the situation, the state-controlled propagandists writing for rags like the Washington Post — a bogus newspaper that has lost all credibility in the minds of intelligent people — continued to pummel home their kooky science theories that claimed much of the U.S. South would be overrun by brain damaging mosquitoes, turning Southerners into shrunken-brained mutants while pregnant women fled northward to survive the airborne insect onslaught.
Instead, nothing happened . No explosion in shrunken-headed babies. No wave of birth defects across Florida, even as city officials desperately bombarded their own cities with brain-damaging insecticides. No national emergency declared by Obama to bring back DDT and eradicate baby-murdering mosquitoes by dousing our open streets with thick clouds of organophosphate neurotoxins.
Instead, the rate of neurological birth defects in most countries approached zero. Via the Washington Post's own graphic: (partial list)
Venezuela: 60,791 Zika infections… ZERO birth defects
Honduras: 31,933 Zika infections… ONE birth defect
Guadalupe: 30,969 Zika infections… ZERO birth defects
Puerto Rico: 29,084 Zika infections… TWO birth defects
Mexico: 4,837 Zika infections… ZERO birth defects
From the WashPost article:
Brazilian officials were bracing for a flood of fetal deformities as Zika spread this year to other regions of the country, Marinho said. However, 'we are not seeing a big increase.'
Gee, really?
The vast majority of the brain defects, it turns out, came from just one small region of Brazil. A total of 2,033 children are so far recorded with neurological defects there, even while most other countries throughout the region had ZERO birth defects (or near zero).
So what gives?
Zika mosquitoes apparently carry geopolitical maps so they can solely target Brazil 
You don't have to be a genius to figure out that the stupid science theories of the mainstream media are total hokum and bunk . If Zika really did cause brain defects, it would have spread all across South America by now. It would have spread into Florida, California, Mississippi and Louisiana. It would have devastated the American South, Cuba, Haiti, Curacao and all the other island nations across the Caribbean.
Yet the neurological defects were limited almost exclusively to Brazil.
Somehow, if we believe the illiterate Washington Post science writers — who may in fact be the only brain damage victims of Zika in North America — mosquitoes carry MAPS to make sure they only activate their brain damage voodoo in Brazil .
'…[A]lthough the outbreak has spread this year to more than 50 nations and territories across the Western Hemisphere, U.N. data shows just 142 cases of congenital birth defects linked to Zika so far outside Brazil,' says WashPost.
Yes, my friends: GPA-carrying Zika mosquitoes are very careful to limit their pandemic voodoo to just one region of Brazil. By sheer coincidence, that's the same region where larvacide chemicals were dumped into the public water supply.
Apparently, there isn't a single 'official' scientist in the entire global government who has thought to test the water. Just freaking WOW… Let's throw these morons out of power in every election, okay? They don't deserve any positions of authority over anyone else. They're all so incredibly stupid, they couldn't survive at all unless they functioned as parasites on the taxpayers.
They aren't giving up hope just yet… science writers desperately hope for more brain damaged babies to prove them right 
Enthusiasm for more brain damaged babies runs high at the Washington Post, which explains why they are all in for Hillary Clinton, the candidate of choice for brain damaged adults . Writing with a sense of real enthusiasm, the Washington Post can't wait for more brain damaged babies to appear:
Scientists at the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention are closely watching Puerto Rico, which has reported more than 26,800 cases of Zika. More than 7,000 pregnant women could be infected by the end of the year, according to the CDC. (Yippee?)
And now, the loony tunes quack science of the Zika 'scientists' goes apoplectic, grasping for silly metaphors to try to obscure the fact that they are all stupid beyond belief . Via the WashPost:
'Now we've settled on Zika as the smoking gun, but we don't know who pulled the trigger,' said Marques, speaking from Recife, where he is working with government researchers.
Huh? Wha? The metaphor doesn't even make any sense.
Maybe the problem is too much fornicating. Seriously, this is now part of their idiotic theory:
'Sexual habits and hygiene may also play a role,' he said, explaining that researchers are looking at whether sexual transmission can infect the uterus and placenta with the virus, potentially exposing the fetus to elevated risk. 'We suspect the villain has an accomplice, but we don't know who it is,' Marques said.
Huh? Do they seriously think that people only have sex in Brazil but not other South American countries? Where does the Washington Post find these morons?
I'm a real scientist saying all this 
As you read all this, remember that I have rapidly become one of the world's leading research scientists on the quantitation of cannabinoids in hemp extracts using mass spec instrumentation. I led the team that developed the most pioneering (and accurate) CBD mass spec analysis method in existence today. You can read about it at this link . I also routinely test water, food and environmental samples for heavy metals, pesticides and a multitude of chemical contaminants. When I say these Zika scientists are complete morons, that's the educated opinion of an accomplished scientist correctly pointing out the lunacy of Zika scaremongering.
I could have solved this entire problem in the first few days by analyzing and detecting brain-damaging larvacide chemicals in the public water supply in Eastern Brazil. The entire project would have taken just a few days and cost almost nothing. Instead, Obama handed $1.8 billion to the vaccine companies in the midst of the Zika panic pushed by laughable rags like the Washington Post. It's all a racket, of course, just like their coverage of elections and political candidates. Everything you read at the Washington Post is a deception of one kind or another . The paper exists solely to promote the propaganda of the state so that the population can be manipulated and controlled.
The Washington Post exists to terrorize the citizens with fascist propaganda parading as science 
As you've also learned by now, the corrupt leftist establishment of junk science, criminal politicians and idiotic journalists isn't interested in legitimate scientific solutions . They all function as extensions of a fascist state that must routinely terrorize its citizens with pandemic boogeyman scare stories in order to demand absolute obedience to the vaccine mandates that actually do damage the brains of children.
Thus, SCIENCE be damned. They've got an agenda to push, and it doesn't matter to them whether that agenda is based on a single shred of real science. Zika is dangerous because they told you so, in exactly the same way they told you Hillary Clinton is totally honest, Obamacare would make health care more affordable, there's no such thing as voter fraud in America, and GMOs and vaccines are really, really good for you.
So you can put down the DEET and stop poisoning your skin like an obedient idiot. Yes, it was all a scam. Yes, the official 'science' was totally rigged. Yes, the media lied to you yet again. Yes, the CDC is a criminal racket. Yes, all the health 'officials' were completely full of s**t. And no, Zika is not going to cause your babies to be born with shrunken heads. VACCINES, on the other hand, will most definitely cause brain damage, as they still contain mercury, a potent neurotoxin the Washington Post ridiculously insists becomes magically neutralized when you inject it into the body of a child.
Red more unintentional scientific comedy at this Washington Post article .
  Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by NaturalNews Network of NaturalNews.com . 
The NaturalNews Network is a non-profit collection of public education websites covering topics that empower individuals to make positive changes in their health, environmental sensitivity, consumer choices and informed skepticism. The NaturalNews Network operates without a profit incentive, and its key writer, Mike Adams, receives absolutely no payment for his time, articles or books. The NaturalNews Network is not for sale, and does not accept money to cover any story (or to spike it). NaturalNews Network is what the news industry used to be, before it sold out to big business. 

ARTICLE


A new way to get through airport security has been certified as a 'qualified anti-terrorism technology'by the Department of Homeland Security and is now being used by over 5 million people at airports across the country.

CLEAR is an identification technology that incorporates a series of questions and the use of biometrics to 'clear' a person to move past the airport lines and go directly to the TSA screening line. CLEAR spokesperson David Cohen describes how it works:
They validate their identity using a knowledge-based quiz, they use a government identification that's validated using technology, and then we link it to their bio-metrics — we take 10 fingerprints with a digital reader, we take a scan of their iris, and we take a high-res photo of their face.
CLEAR has now been deployed in 17 airports, and it will cost travelers $179 annually.
It should be considered that the airport may not keep your records private. Once your biometrics are recorded in the CLEAR database, this information can be sold to third-party companies for use in malls, train stations or department stores.
CLEAR could be the 'soft sell' strategy to incentivize travelers to provide this information for convenience so that it could be used to identify individuals everywhere they go. Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by The Daily Sheeple of www.TheDailySheeple.com . 
This content may be freely reproduced in full or in part in digital form with full attribution to the author and a link to www.TheDailySheeple.com. 

ARTICLE


WikiLeaks has released a 20th batch of emails from the account of John Podesta, Hillary Clinton's campaign chair. The issues discussed include Bill Clinton's past, Benghazi, the email server scandal and even alien life.
The whistleblowing site has promised to release 50,000 messages from Podesta in the lead up to the US presidential election on November 8. A total of 34,197 communications have been released to date.
Bill's past 
Bill Clinton's controversial past was evidently of concern to his wife's campaign team, which discussed how to handle questions on allegations of sexual assault against him.
Preparation for what the media might throw at her included the questions: 'Will you apologize to the women who were wrongly smeared by your husband and his allies?' and 'How is what Bill Clinton did different from what Bill Cosby did?' 
The mail was sent by Ron Klain, a member of Clinton's debate preparation team, on January 12, 2016. Several days previous Paula Jones, one of Bill Clinton's accusers, gave an interview calling Hillary Clinton a 'liar' and 'two-faced' for trying to discredit her husband's accusers.
Let's hope the Democratic party is not suicidal 
A July 2015 email from Clinton adviser Neera Tanden to Podesta discusses a CNN poll which she guesses will show, 'Bernie doing pretty well w Hillary and doing as well against Jeb or close to it.' 
'Can you imagine what Republicans would do with him if he were the nominee?' Podesta replies, referring to Sanders.
'Well, let's see what the poll actually says. Let's hope the Democratic party is not suicidal,' Tanden says.
'Do we actually know who told Hillary she could use a private email?' she asks. 'And has that person been drawn and quartered?' 
'Like whole thing is f*cking insane,' she adds.
An October 2015 email chain between staffers discusses upcoming paid media ads about Benghazi and Clinton's email scandal.
The group debates whether the ads should target Iowa and New Hampshire or be a national buy. 'I know the boss wants a national cable buy to reach the inside the beltway types, press and donors,' Jennifer Palmieri says. 'But press will hate this.' 
Oren Shur replies, 'If the objective is purely to undermine the Benghazi hearings, I think these spots will certainly help do that. But if the objective is to connect emails-Benghazi and conflate the two in voters' minds (which consultants feel is an imperative here), I'm not sure we know whether we can credibly do that.' 
The campaign appears to have decided to do a national ad on the subject.

Small tweaks A March 2016 email chain discussing Clinton's inaccurate statement about the late Nancy Reagan starting a national conversation about AIDS, when she did the opposite, reveals Clinton's unwillingness to admit mistakes, even when she is proven to be wrong.
The subject of the meeting is described as 'the difference between our contiguous universe nonviolent ETI and the celestials in our own universe.' 
The team go back on forth on Clinton's statement about the issue. 'YESTERDAY I MADE A MISTAKE IN SPEAKING ABOUT NANCY REAGAN'S record on HIV AND AIDS,' it begins.
'I think the chances of her OK-ing this statement with that top are slim,' Megan Rooney says.
'Here is a revised draft of a statement. It does include the words 'I made a mistake' in the first line,' Rooney says. 'We need a strategy for getting her to approve this. I don't know if that means someone who is traveling with her (Maya?) making the case… or something else.' 
A later draft was then sent, changing it to, 'I said something inaccurate when speaking about the Reagan's' record on HIV and AIDS.' 
'The Secretary approved the statement, with small tweaks,' Rooney says.
Extraterrestrial disclosure 
Former astronaut Edgar Mitchell, known for his correspondence with Podesta regarding extraterrestrials, emails Podesta regarding the 'Phoenix Lights' incident in 1997, in which thousands of people reported sightings of hovering lights in the sky.
Mitchell 'was on the phone just as they were happening over Phoenix with an eyewitness describing on March 13, 1997. This incentives about disclosure, while other reports like Roswell disincentives,' according to the mail from April 2015.
The subject of extraterrestrial disclosure is 'now more important than ever' according to another mail sent on Mitchell's behalf a month later.
'It is also imperative that after your talk with Edgar, he then speak directly with President Obama via Skype for historical purposes, about the same issue, while the President is still in office,' Podesta is told. Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by RT.com of RT.com . 

ARTICLE


Sure, Hillary Clinton is a banshee nightmare from Hell, but that really doesn't mean Donald Trump is automatically amazing just because literally anything is better than Hillary. That's a pretty low bar.
Trump has assured us he'll give a lot more power to Big Brother as if we aren't already living in an Orwellian nightmare as it is. He has said that he will grow the police state, boost the Patriot Act, and extend the neverending wars (he keeps mentioning Iran specifically, because no matter who becomes president, they all know they have to sing that same old 'Which Path to Persia?' tune). Once I even heard the man say he expects the NSA to be listening in to all our phone calls… guess that makes it okay???
ಠ_ಠ
Trump has also called Edward Snowden a traitor and implied that he should be executed.

He also banned Snowden from Miss Universe… which I'm sure must've really broken poor Edward's heart.
Message to Edward Snowden, you're banned from @MissUniverse . Unless you want me to take you back home to face justice!
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 21, 2013 

While Snowden may be a limited hangout, that's beside the point here. Without Snowden, we wouldn't have so much hard physical evidence of just how much our Constitution has been trampled, our 4th Amendment has been run over, and our privacy has been rendered nonexistent in the cybernetic technological control grid we now find ourselves living in.
How is exposing the tyrannical government's crimes against the people a traitorous act worthy of death?
And this talk of 'justice'?
Real justice would be someone standing up for the Constitution and Bill of Rights and challenging Big Brother and the NSA surveillance state, something neither Trump nor Hillary ever planned to do.
Then again, Trump is the same guy who said he would 'take out' the family members of terrorists. Do you have a criminal in the family? How would you like to be killed because your family member is a criminal? Same logic fail.
Like this government is honest about who the real terrorists even are anyway. Come on. If we're to believe Trump is that naive, he shouldn't go anywhere near the oval office.
Then again, how does the saying go? Everyone that would make a truly good president is smart enough to realize they'd never want to be president? Not that presidents are really running anything in this country anyway…
Sigh.
. @realDonaldTrump yes, I'm sure Edward Snowden would take it all back if he'd known he'd eventually be banned from @MissUniverse .
— Robin (@caulkthewagon) October 21, 2013 
Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by Melissa Dykes of The Daily Sheeple . 
Melissa Dykes is a writer, researcher, and analyst for The Daily Sheeple and a co-creator of Truthstream Media with Aaron Dykes, a site that offers teleprompter-free, unscripted analysis of The Matrix we find ourselves living in. Melissa and Aaron also recently launched Revolution of the Method and Informed Dissent . Wake the flock up! 

ARTICLE

From our good friends Melissa and Aaron Dykes of TruthStreamMedia.com comes a documentary unlike anything you've seen before.
The world is about to change drastically . Will you be ready for it?
The Future Doesn't Need Us… Or So We've Been Told.
With the rise of technology and the real-time pressures of an online, global economy, humans will have to be very clever – and very careful – not to be left behind by the future.
From the perspective of those in charge, human labor is losing its value, and people are becoming a liability.
This documentary reveals the real motivation behind the secretive effort to reduce the population and bring resource use into strict, centralized control.
Could it be that the biggest threat we face isn't just automation and robots destroying jobs, but the larger sense that humans could become obsolete altogether?
Click Here to Watch the Full Documentary
for FREE at Amazon 
Trailer: 

Watch this documentary now at Amazon (FOR FREE!) 
Don't forget to share with friends, rate the movie and add a review! 
Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by Mac Slavo of www.SHTFplan.com . 
When it hits the fan, don't say we didn't warn you. Mac Slavo is the editor of SHTFplan.com , a resource hub for alternative news, contrarian commentary and strategies that you can take to protect yourself from the coming global paradigm shift. 

ARTICLE


The propaganda popsicle stand that is The New York Times is floating the idea that Trump supporters are calling for a new American Revolution if Hillary wins.
But beneath the cheering, a new emotion is taking hold among some Trump supporters as they grapple with reports predicting that he will lose the election: a dark fear about what will happen if their candidate is denied the White House. Some worry that they will be forgotten, along with their concerns and frustrations. Others believe the nation may be headed for violent conflict. 
Jared Halbrook, 25, of Green Bay, Wis., said that if Mr. Trump lost to Hillary Clinton, which he worried would happen through a stolen election, it could lead to 'another Revolutionary War.' 
'People are going to march on the capitols,' said Mr. Halbrook, who works at a call center. 'They're going to do whatever needs to be done to get her out of office, because she does not belong there.'
'If push comes to shove,' he added, and Mrs. Clinton 'has to go by any means necessary, it will be done.'
What's ominous about this level of programming is that we know the system is already gearing up for this possibility with an election military drill that could go live at any time until a month after the election, as previously reported:
According to an unnamed source – who has provided accurate intel in the past – an unannounced military drill is scheduled to take place during a period leading up to the election and throughout the month after.
It appears that the system is gearing up to handle outbreaks of violence, chaotic rallies and poll stations, and the possibility that the people of the United States may become very dissatisfied with the outcome by using military force and martial law.
The drill could, of course, go live at any time; Homeland Security and the military are prepared to contend with a period of unrest, and restore order to a divided and broken country – regardless of whether people like their new leader or not.
As you know, DHS is already monitoring this election and prepared to take over its 'critical infrastructure'. The scope of this drill would, of course, take things much further:
Hi Guys, 
I got some gouge from a former military colleague who is in contact with active duty personnel and he received an email about an upcoming drill. We need confirmation on this, but if we put it out there we might get a leaker to come forward and confirm: 
Date: October 30th – 30 days after the election 
Suspected Region: Northeast, specifically New York
1st Phase: NROL (No Rule of Law) – drill involving combat arms in metro areas (active and reserve). Source says active duty and reserve service members are being vaccinated as if they are being deployed in theatre.
2nd Phase: LROL (Limited Rule of Law) – Military/FEMA consolidating resources, controlling water supply, handing out to public as needed.
3rd Phase: AROL (Authoritarian Rule of Law) – Possible new acronym or term for 'Martial Law'. Curfew, restricted movements, basically martial law scenario.
Source said exercise involves FEMA/DHS/Military 
If the Powers That Shouldn't Be are planning to steal this election for Hillary as hard as it appears they are , then it makes sense they'd be planning to try and clean up their mess afterward.
Either way, the people have about reached their limit and are sick and tired of this level of corruption coming out of this government… and we know what happened the last time America finally got fed up with a tyrannical government. Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by Piper McGowin of The Daily Sheeple . 
Piper writes for The Daily Sheeple. There's a lot of B.S. out there. Someone has to write about it. 

ARTICLE

In this News Shot, Joe Joseph quickly discusses a new system being put in place at Detroit International Airport and sixteen other airports nationwide. This is classic 'problem, reaction, solution' where they make it so incredibly miserable to travel, that people will gladly give their rights away for convenience.

Watch on YouTube 
Source: New Technology At Detroit Metro Airport Allows Travelers To Move Through Security Lines In A Flash Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by The Daily Sheeple of www.TheDailySheeple.com . 
This content may be freely reproduced in full or in part in digital form with full attribution to the author and a link to www.TheDailySheeple.com. 

ARTICLE

In this News Shot, Joe Joseph explains how the UK and Spain have experienced economic recoveries since they have kicked the globalists out of leadership. Spain hasn't had a government in over 300 days!
This runs contrary to what all the 'experts' and fearmongers warned prior to the people of these nations taking the power back!

Watch on YouTube 
Sources 
UK Economy Grows 0.5% in Three Months After Brexit Vote 
Why Is Spain's Economy Expanding So Robustly Without a Government? Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by Lily Dane of The Daily Sheeple . 
Lily Dane is a staff writer for The Daily Sheeple. Her goal is to help people to 'Wake the Flock Up!' 

ARTICLE


By Alice Salles
Months before President George W. Bush's speech on September 11, 2002, the New York Times reported at the time, White House officials confirmed the Bush administration had already been ' [planning its Iraq strategy] long before President Bush's vacation in Texas ' in August of that same year.
The strategy was to persuade the public and Congress that the United States and its allies should confront the 'threat from Saddam Hussein .'
The now infamous 9/11 anniversary speech — and the speech before the United Nations following the anniversary remarks — both stressed the importance of ' [ridding] the world of terror. ' But before speaking to the United Nations, Bush made the clearest case for war.
Claiming ' our principles and our security are challenged today by outlaw groups and regimes that accept no law of morality and have no limit to their violent ambitions ,' Bush presented his case against Iraq, claiming Hussein had only ' contempt for the United Nations … [claiming] it had no biological weapons. '
Making the case that Iraq had a clandestine ' weapons program … producing tens of thousands of litres of anthrax and other deadly biological agents for use with Scud warheads, aerial bombs and aircraft spray tanks ,' Bush and his administration sold the invasion of Iraq with lies .
How the Bush Administration and the Media Sold the Iraq War 
In 2003, Bush's secretary of state, Colin Powell, laid out Bush's rationale for war in Iraq, saying Iraq had been given several chances to 'comply' with U.N. resolutions regarding the country's possession of weapons of mass destruction.
He added that America had 'proof' the Hussein regime had 'evacuated' — not destroyed — its weapons, adding that the U.S. government had ' satellite photos that indicate[d] that banned materials [had] recently been moved from a number of Iraqi weapons of mass destruction facilities. ' But what the media then failed to dig into was how the evidence presented by Powell had been introduced in a way that helped the administration make the case for war, even as Powell himself knew — or at least seemed to know — that there was a possibility they were putting ' half a million troops in Iraq and march[ing] from one end of the country to the other [to] find nothing .'
On the day Powell delivered his speech, then-CIA operations officer Valerie Plame Wilson noticed his claims ' simply did not match the intelligence which she had worked on daily for months .'
Making use of claims made by a discredited Iraqi defector code-named 'Curveball,' Powell ignored the fact the CIA had deemed the source a 'fabricator' and used the source's shaky evidence to convince the media, as well as other global powers, they should all go along with the U.S. plan.
At the time, the New York Times , which had previously openly reported that the Bush administration had been planning on 'selling' the Iraq war using the best marketing strategies at hand, published a number of opinion pieces reinforcing the idea that Iraq had weapons of mass destruction. After reports proved Bush's rationale for war had been debunked, the prestigious publication had to retract .
The late Michael Ratner, an attorney who served as the president emeritus of the Center for Constitutional Rights in New York, once accused the 'liberal media,' along with the government, of selling the Iraq war not by simply claiming Hussein had WMDs, but also ' by claiming that there was a relationship between Saddam Hussein, who led Iraq at the time, and al-Qaeda .'
By referring to al-Qaeda repeatedly during his U.N. speech , Powell spoke to people's fears. That was a logical strategy considering the country had been healing from the 9/11 terror attacks. But the media failed to question this link, which had been established via a source who had been tortured .
Ibn al-Sheikh al-Libi was a high-value CIA detainee who ' provided bogus information ' as he was waterboarded. As Ratner pointed out , anyone ' would have said anything to stop being waterboarded .'
Then-Vice President Dick Cheney and other members of the Bush administration had pressured the CIA to find a way to connect Iraq and al-Qaeda, an effort that ultimately helped boost the case for war before the international community.
What the White House wanted finally materialized when officials tortured al-Libi.
The man who was waterboarded into providing phony info on the al-Qaeda link to Iraq later died in a Libyan prison of an apparent suicide.
Like Iraq, the Media Now Sells the Political Class' Lies on Russia, Syria 
When Bush was trying to sell the Iraq war to Congress, Hillary Clinton, then a New York senator, voted in favor of authorizing his administration to go into Iraq, basing her decision ' as much on advice from her husband's advisers as from Bush administration officials .'
While she now claims her vote was a mistake, she proved herself to be consistently pro-intervention as secretary of state under President Barack Obama and as a presidential candidate, having gone so far as to suggest that going against Russia in Syria by enacting a no-fly zone could ' save lives and hasten the end of the conflict .' Privately, however, she gave a speech to Goldman Sachs in which she acknowledged establishing a no-fly zone is Syria would kill 'a lot' of Syrian civilians.
Ever since the Arab Spring, the Obama administration has beat the war drums against Russia by pushing for more U.S. presence in Syria via official and unofficial means . Now, his choice for president is pushing the story that Russia — a.k.a. Syria's partner in its war against Islamist rebels and ISIS terrorists — is illegally attempting to exert influence over the U.S. election — and the media embraces the move, publishing story after story claiming officials know the Kremlin was behind the cyber attacks against the Democratic National Committee and the election systems in Arizona and Illinois. Without evidence, however, these reports are toothless but still influential enough to make many Americans believe Russia is, indeed, a threat .
While Russia's role in Syria isn't as humanitarian as its officials would like us to believe, its proximity to Syria plays an important role in its own affairs, making its involvement in the conflict more logical than America's.
Like al-Qaeda, ISIS fighters have repeatedly used U.S. intervention in the Middle East to recruit more fighters . And like what happened prior to the Iraq war, the U.S. government — and the Fourth Estate — are working tirelessly to sell the public on yet another unjustified war.
Luckily, Americans aren't as gullible in 2016 as they were in 2003, as many now keep up with the news by seeking more independent channels.
But will the next administration bother to ask us our opinion before launching into another war? Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by The Anti-Media of theantimedia.org . 
The 'Anti' in our name does not mean we are against the media, we are simply against the current mainstream paradigm. The current media, influenced by the industrial complex, is a top-down authoritarian system of distribution—the opposite of what Anti-Media aims to be. At Anti-Media, we want to offer a new paradigm—a bottom-up approach for real and diverse reporting. We seek to establish a space where the people are the journalists and a venue where independent journalism moves forward on a larger and more truthful scale. 

ARTICLE


A lot of people, especially millennials, are concerned at Hillary's war rhetoric, and especially the stuff she made up about tying Wikileaks to Russia at the last debate.
Now an ominous new mock ad campaign about registering for the draft for Hillary on Twitter complete with hashtags, #ImWithHer, #EnlistforHer, #FightforHer, and #DieforHer is making the rounds, reminding us all how close America currently is to World War III and which candidate would definitely without a doubt be all about going to war against Russia.
At first glance, it is scary how real these look.
#Enlistforher #FightForHer #ImWithHer #KillForHer #DieForHer #BeEvisceratedForHer #NuclearWarForHer pic.twitter.com/SyJhs92hij 
— Rich Corey (@RichCore9007) October 27, 2016 

Pre-register for the draft today, nuclear war is coming #ImWithHer #FightForHer #EnlistForHer pic.twitter.com/iPi6IjUU9d 
— MicroSpookyLeaks™ (@WDFx2EU7) October 27, 2016 

#EnlistForHer pic.twitter.com/YpCb5A484M 
— Place De La Bastille (@PlacedeBastille) October 27, 2016 

#FightForHer #EnlistForHer pic.twitter.com/XDjI3Ma8rc 
— Susan Smith (@Smith85Susan) October 28, 2016 

@NBA @chicagobulls 
VOTE Hillary Clinton & register to become one of 100,000 young men & women to fight in Syria #FightForHer #EnlistForHer pic.twitter.com/s9DmKSZIZt 
— #EnlistForHer (@DonTrumpMAGA) October 27, 2016 

#EnlistForHer #ImWithHer enroll your children today, it's just a click away, and nuclear war could just be around the corner via @RobbyMook pic.twitter.com/PvNYqI2dOD 
— MicroSpookyLeaks™ (@WDFx2EU7) October 27, 2016 

Scary, huh?
This election is so disgusting, it'll be good when the damn thing is over. Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by The Daily Sheeple of www.TheDailySheeple.com . 
This content may be freely reproduced in full or in part in digital form with full attribution to the author and a link to www.TheDailySheeple.com. 

ARTICLE


by Jay Syrmopoulos
Portland, OR – The group of men who seized the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge, in rural Oregon were found not guilty late Thursday, vindicating brothers Ammon and Ryan Bundy after the 41-day standoff that brought nationwide focus to long-running dispute over federal control of rural land in the Western United States.
 
According to a report in by the Associated Press :
 
A jury found brothers Ammon and Ryan Bundy not guilty a firearm in a federal facility and conspiring to impede federal workers from their jobs at the 300 miles southeast of Portland where the trial took place. Five co-defendants also were tried one or both of the charges. Ammon Bundy has a house in Emmett.
Despite the acquittal, the Bundys were expected to stand trial in Nevada early next year on charges stemming from another high-profile standoff with federal agents. Authorities rounding up cattle at their father Cliven Bundy's ranch in 2014 because of unpaid grazing fees released the animals as they faced armed protesters.
 
The Bundy family initially made headlines in 2013 when the Bureau of Land Management brought armed agents in to seize rancher Cliven Bundy's cattle after his refusal to pay federal authorities a massive debt – which he claims is illegitimate.
 
In response to the militarized response in Nevada by the BLM, militia from across the U.S. mobilized and coordinated a response which saw hundreds of armed Americans stand up to what they perceived as vast federal overreach.
 
What the government thought would be an open-and-shut case was anything but. The group never denied they seized the refuge while armed or that they made demands of the government.
 
'Ladies and gentlemen, this case is not a whodunit,' Assistant U.S. Attorney Ethan Knight said in his closing argument, making the argument the group illegally commandeered a federal building.
 
The AP reports:
 
On technical grounds, the defendants said they never discussed stopping individual workers from accessing their offices but merely wanted the land and the buildings. On emotional grounds, Ammon Bundy and other defendants argued that the takeover was an act of civil disobedience against an out-of-control federal government that has crippled the rural West.
Federal prosecutors took two weeks to present their case, finishing with a display of more than 30 guns seized after the standoff. An FBI agent testified that 16,636 live rounds and nearly 1,700 spent casings were found.
 
Ammon Bundy spent three days testifying in his own defense, focusing on the fact that federal overreach is destroying rural Western communities that have relied on the land — for generations in many cases. Bundy made clear that the plan was to simply take control of the refuge by occupation, while eventually returning it to local control.
 
Originally, 26 occupiers were charged with conspiracy. Eleven pleaded guilty, while another had the charge dropped. Seven defendants have not yet been tried. Their trial is scheduled to begin February 14, according to the AP.
 
Shortly after the verdict was announced, an Oregon-area reporter posted to Twitter that Ammon Bundy's attorney Marcus Mumford was tackled by U.S. Marshals after insisting that Bundy should be allowed to be released from custody, with the judge subsequently ordering the courtroom cleared.
 
The armed occupiers took control of the remote bird sanctuary on January 2, in response to the prison sentences given to two local ranchers, Dwight and Steven Hammond, after being convicted of arson in relation to an ongoing dispute with the BLM. Upon occupying the refuge the group demanded that the father and son be freed and that federal officials cede control of publicly held lands to local control.
 
Ultimately, the Bundy brothers and a number of their fellow occupiers were arrested in an ambush style attack, while on the way to negotiate with a Sheriff. It ended with officers gunning down Robert 'LaVoy' Finnicum – a charismatic group spokesman. Currently, numerous federal SRT agents are under investigation for lying about firing at the occupiers' vehicle during the ambush.
 
The majority of the remaining occupants left the refuge in the wake of Finnicum's killing, with four holdouts negotiating their surrender until February 11.
 
In the wake of the verdict, both the FBI and U.S. Attorney's Office also expressed disappointment.
 
U.S. Attorney Billy J. Williams said his office 'respects the verdict of the jury and thanks them for their dedicated service during this long and difficult trial.'
 
'For many weeks, hundreds of law enforcement officers — federal, state, and local — worked around-the-clock to resolve the armed occupation at the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge peacefully. We believe now — as we did then — that protecting and defending this nation through rigorous obedience to the U.S. Constitution is our most important responsibility. Although we are extremely disappointed in the verdict, we respect the court and the role of the jury in the American judicial system.' – Greg Bretzing, Special Agent in Charge, FBI Oregon 
 
Regardless of the sentiments of those in government and law enforcement, the jury carried out justice — with this verdict solidifying that the killing of LaVoy Finnicum was nothing less than criminal .
 
Revealing exactly why the 2nd Amendment is so important to a free people, Bundy testified that the reason occupiers chose to carry guns was because they understood that they would be immediately arrested otherwise and needed to protect themselves against possible government violence.
 
There is no mistaking the difference in law enforcement's response to unarmed protestors — versus those that exercise their right to bear arms. One need look no further than the ongoing protests against the Dakota Access Pipeline at Standing Rock – which has been met with numerous militarized and violent crackdowns on non-violent water protectors – to see exactly how differently armed protestors are treated. Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by The Free Thought Project of thefreethoughtproject.com . 
The Free Thought Project is dedicated to holding those who claim authority over our lives accountable. 

ARTICLE


Could we see violence no matter who wins on November 8th?
Let's hope that it doesn't happen, but as you will see below, anti-Trump violence is already sweeping the nation. If Trump were to actually win the election, that would likely send the radical left into a violent post-election temper tantrum unlike anything that we have ever seen before. Alternatively, there is a tremendous amount of concern on the right that this election could be stolen by Hillary Clinton. And as I showed yesterday, it appears that voting machines in Texas are already switching votes from Donald Trump to Hillary Clinton . If Hillary Clinton wins this election under suspicious circumstances, that also may be enough to set off widespread civil unrest all across the country.
At this moment there is less than two weeks to go until November 8th, and a brand new survey has found that a majority of Americans are concerned 'about the possibility of violence' on election day…
A 51% majority of likely voters express at least some concern about the possibility of violence on Election Day; one in five are 'very concerned.' Three of four say they have confidence that the United States will have the peaceful transfer of power that has marked American democracy for more than 200 years, but just 40% say they are 'very confident' about that.
More than four in 10 of Trump supporters say they won't recognize the legitimacy of Clinton as president, if she prevails, because they say she wouldn't have won fair and square.
But many on the left are not waiting until after the election to commit acts of violence. On Wednesday, Donald Trump's star on the Walk of Fame was smashed into pieces by a man with a sledgehammer and a pick-ax…
Donald Trump took a lot of hits today, and not just in the Presidential race. With less than two weeks to go before America decides if the ex- Apprentice host will pull off a surprise victory over Hillary Clinton, Trump's star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame was destroyed early Wednesday morning by a man dressed as a city construction worker and wielding a sledgehammer and pick-ax in what looks to be a Tinseltown first.
And there were two other instances earlier this year when Donald Trump's star was also vandalized. One came in January, and the other happened in June …
This is of course not the first time the GOP candidate's star has been attacked or defaced since Trump announced his White House bid in summer 2015. The most extreme measure was a reverse swastika being sprayed on the star at 6801 Hollywood Blvd in late January. In June this summer, a mute sign was painted on Trump's star in a seemingly protest against the antagonistic language and policies some have accused Trump of promoting and reveling in during the campaign. In both cases, Trump's star was quickly cleaned and back as new within a day.
We have seen anti-Trump violence on the east coast as well. Earlier this month, someone decided to firebomb the Republican Party headquarters in Orange County, North Carolina. On the building next to the headquarters, someone spray-painted 'Nazi Republicans get out of town or else' along with a swastika.
There have also been other disturbing incidents of anti-Trump violence all over the nation in recent days. A recent Lifezette article put together quite a long list, and the following is just a short excerpt from that piece…
On Oct. 15 in Bangor, Maine, vandals spray-painted about 20 parked cars outside a Trump rally. Trump supporter Paul Foster, whose van was hit with white paint, told reporters, 'Why can't they do a peaceful protest instead of painting cars, all of this, to make their statement?'
Around Oct. 3, a couple of Trump supporters were assaulted in Zeitgeist, a San Francisco bar, after they were allegedly refused service for expressing support for Trump, GotNews reports. 'The two Trump supporters were attacked, punched, and chased into the street by 'some thugs' that a barmaid called out from the back.' Lilian Kim of ABC 7 Bay Area tweeted a photo of the men, in which one was wearing a Trump T-shirt and the other was wearing a 'Blue Lives Matter' shirt.
On Sept. 28 in El Cajon, California, an angry mob at a Black Lives Matter protest beat 21-year-old Trump supporter Feras Jabro for wearing a 'Make America Great Again' baseball cap. The assault was broadcast live using the smartphone app Periscope.
There is a move to get Trump supporters to wear red on election day, but in many parts of America that might just turn his supporters into easy targets. Let's certainly hope that we don't see the kind of violent confrontations at voting locations that many experts are anticipating.
Of course there are also many on the right that are fighting mad, and a Hillary Clinton victory under suspicious circumstances may be enough to push them over the edge.
For example, this week former Congressman Joe Walsh said that he is 'grabbing my musket' if Donald Trump loses the election…
Former Rep. Joe Walsh appeared to call for armed revolution Wednesday if Donald Trump is not elected president.
Walsh, a former tea party congressman from Illinois who is now a conservative talk radio host, tweeted, 'On November 8th, I'm voting for Trump. On November 9th, if Trump loses, I'm grabbing my musket. You in?'
And without a doubt, many ordinary Americans are stocking up on guns and ammunition just in case Hillary Clinton is victorious. The following comes from USA Today …
'Since the polls are starting to shift quite a bit towards Hillary Clinton, I've been buying a lot more ammunition,' says Rick Darling, 69, an engineer from Harrison Township, in Michigan's Detroit suburbs. In a follow-up phone interview after being surveyed, the Trump supporter said he fears progressives will want to 'declare martial law and take our guns away' after the election.
Today America is more divided than I have ever seen it before, and the mainstream media is constantly fueling the hatred and the anger that various groups feel toward one another.
Ironically, Donald Trump has been working very hard to bring America together. In fact, he is solidly on track to win a higher percentage of the black vote than any Republican presidential candidate since 1960 .
If Hillary Clinton and the Democrats win on November 8th, things will not go well for Hillary Clinton's political enemies. The Clintons used the power of the White House to go after their enemies the first time around, and Hillary is even more angry and more bitter now than she was back then.
And the radical left is very clear about who their enemies are. This is something that I discussed on national television earlier this month …

As I write this, it is difficult for me to even imagine how horrible a Hillary Clinton presidency would be.
But at this point that appears to be the most likely outcome .
Out of all the candidates that we could have chosen, the American people are about to put the most evil one by far into the White House.
Perhaps Donald Trump can still pull off a miracle and we can avoid that fate, but time is rapidly slipping away and November 8th will be here before we know it. Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by Michael Snyder of The Economic Collapse . 
Michael Snyder is a writer, speaker and activist who writes and edits his own blogs The American Dream , The Truth and Economic Collapse Blog. 

ARTICLE


Joe Joseph discusses how social justice movements across America are figuring out that they are being used and co-opted by the 'Powers that Shouldn't Be'…. Thank you Wikileaks!!! Venezuela is dealing with massive hyper-inflation. Could we see that in the US, post-election? The government is cracking down on the people protesting the Dakota Access Pipeline, and new technology is making it easier for the police state to track us all.
Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by The Daily Sheeple of www.TheDailySheeple.com . 
This content may be freely reproduced in full or in part in digital form with full attribution to the author and a link to www.TheDailySheeple.com. 

ARTICLE

Editor's Note : Not only is this the case, but she totally knows it… and she can't wait.

By Prof Michel Chossudovsky
The media has failed to address the confrontation between the U.S. State Department and the Joint Chiefs of Staff. 
The Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff General Joseph Francis Dunford (image right) has warned both the US Senate as well Secretary of State John Kerry in no uncertain terms that a 'No Fly Zone' over Syria would lead to war with both Syria and Russia, intimating a dangerous process of military escalation. 
In a Senate Arms Services Committee hearing, Dunford said, responding to questions from Republican Senator Roger Whicker (Mississippi)
'Right now, Senator, for us to control all of the airspace in Syria it would require us to go to war, against Syria and Russia,… That's a pretty fundamental decision that certainly I'm not going to make.' ( Senate Armed Services Committee, September 22, 2016, emphasis added)
At the third presidential debate, Hillary Clinton reasserted her commitment that if elected president, she would implement a no-fly-zone, intimating that the objective was to 'save lives':
'I think a no-fly zone could save lives and could hasten the end of the conflict. I am well aware of the really legitimate concerns you have expressed from both the president and the general,' Clinton said in response to a question from Fox News debate moderator Chris Wallace.
'This would not be done just on the first day. This would take a lot of negotiation and would also take making it clear to the Russians and Syrians that our purpose here was to provide safe zones on the ground … I think we could strike a deal and make it clear to the Russians and the Syrians that this was something that we believe was in the best interest of the people on the ground in Syria.' (Fox News, emphasis added)
At present, under the Obama administration, the joint chiefs of staff are opposed to the 'No Fly zone'.
The Joint Chiefs of Staff are appointed by the Secretary of Defense.
Under a Clinton presidency, a new Secretary of Defense as well as a new Chairman of the joint chiefs of staff, firmly committed to 'A No fly Zone' over Syria would be appointed.
Michèle Angelique Flournoy, a former Under Secretary of Defense for Policy is Hillary's choice for the position of Secretary of Defense, who favors the 'No Fly Zone' option. 
According to Defense One: 'The woman expected to run the Pentagon under Hillary Clinton said she would direct U.S. troops to push President Bashar al-Assad's forces out of southern Syria and would send more American boots to fight the Islamic State in the region.'


Confirmed by the Leaked Emails Michele Flournoy is a crony of the Clintons. She has 'called for 'limited military coercion' to help remove Assad from power in Syria, including a 'no bombing' zone over parts of Syria held by U.S.-backed rebels.' This is tantamount to a no fly zone to protect the terrorists including ISIS Daesh from actions by Syrian and Russian forces.
According to Defense One: 
Flournoy, and several of her colleagues at the Center for New American Security, or CNAS, have been making the case for sending more American troops into combat against ISIS and the Assad regime than the Obama administration has been willing to commit.
Since Russia's increased involvement, the facts on the ground in Syria, she said, 'Do not support the kind of negotiated conditions we would like to get to.' U.S. policy should be the removal of Assad even if that meant 'using limited military coercion,' Flournoy said, at Monday's annual CNAS conference in Washington.
Flournoy did not deny the entire report that she favors increased U.S. intervention; for instance, she acknowledged her support for U.S. 'strikes using standoff weapons — to retaliate against Syrian military targets' to enforce the no-bomb zone.
The press reports, however, did not quote the details of the discussion and testimony of General Dunford and Secretary of Defense Carter at the Arms Services Committee Hearing:
Let me see if the Chairman wants to add anything.
Senator Wicker: Well, let me just ask this, if you don't mind, Secretary Carter. It would help if the barrel bombing ended. And I spoke to a Democratic colleague of mine today. I've been calling for a no-fly zone to stop the barrel bombing, and I asked this colleague of mine on the other side of the aisle if he would support that. And he said, 'Yes.' He said, 'I want to call it something else, rather than a no-fly zone,' but that this particular Senator it is a fact that this particular Senator has now changed his position and would like us to take action to present — to prevent the barrel bombing.
What is your position about that? And wouldn't it help if we took decisive action and ended this carnage? Secretary Carter: I don't know the specific proposal which you're discussing with your colleague. I'll make one comment and see if the Chairman wants to add anything. Senator Wicker: I think he was talking about a no-fly zone –
Secretary Carter: Well, okay.
Senator Wicker: — but described in more palatable terms.
Secretary Carter: There are — a number of different proposals have been made, but I — the one that I think it the focus on right now is the one Secretary Kerry's trying to promote, namely a no-fly zone for the Russians and the Syrians who are attacking the Syrian people . If they're talking about a no-fly zone for American aircraft fighting ISIL, needless to say, that — that's not going to get any enthusiasm, get strong opposition from me.
Senator Wicker: I'm speaking about a –
Secretary Carter: But, I think that's what a — but — it's not called that, but Secretary Kerry is trying to get a standdown of the Syrian and Russian air force. And if he's successful, that would be a good thing.
Let me ask the Chairman if he has anything to add.
General Dunford: Senator, the only thing I'd say is, you know, as the situation on the ground changes, I think I have a responsibility — we, the joint force, has a responsibility — to make sure the President has a full range of options. We have discussed that issue in the past under certain conditions. The conditions on the ground will change, and we'll continue to look at those options and make sure they're available to the President.
Senator Wicker: What about the option of controlling the airspace so that barrel bombs cannot be dropped?
General Dunford: All options –
Senator Wicker: What do you think of that option, sir?
General Dunford: Right now, Senator, for all of the airspace in Syria, it would require war against Syria and Russia. That's a pretty fundamental decision that certainly I'm not going to make. 

Concluding Remarks 
From the above testimonies and statements, one thing is clear. Decision-makers at highest levels of the US government and the military believe in their own propaganda. They are not able to reflect on their actions outside the realm of propaganda. And this also applies to nuclear warfare which is presented as a 'peace-making operation'.
It is unlikely that any drastic action regarding a 'no fly zone' will be taken under the Obama administration prior to the November elections and the instatement of a new president of the US in January 2017.
Consequently, the next three months will be absolutely crucial for Syria. –i.e. During this period, the counterterrorism campaign waged by Syria with the support of Russia and Iran will seek to eliminate remaining terrorist pockets and pacify the entire country.
The foot-soldiers of the Western military alliance will be defeated on the ground. If this objective is achieved, it will inevitably have an impact on 'US options' regarding the proposed deployment of ground-forces and the No Fly Zone. What prevails, however, is an attempt on the part of Washington to redeploy its ISIS terrorist foot-soldiers in Mosul by transferring them from Iraq to Syria.
Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by Global Research of Centre for Research on Globalization . 
The Global Research website was established on the 9th of September 2001, two days before the tragic events of September 11. Barely a few days later, Global Research had become a major news source on the New World Order and Washington's 'war on terrorism'. The site publishes news articles, commentary, background research and analysis on a broad range of issues, focusing on social, economic, strategic and environmental issues. 

ARTICLE


An award-winning California state trooper was caught on camera fleeing the scene after crashing his patrol car into a parked vehicle and a utility pole, snapping it in half, on Thursday afternoon at 2:30 p.m.
When other officers approached and asked him to explain what happened, officer Daniel Kenney refused to get out of the vehicle. With at least three officers surrounding the front end of the car, Kenney reverses and then speeds away past a cameraman across the street.
Kenney, a state park K-9 officer, is now on paid administrative leave.

Nearly 1,000 homes and business in the area were left without power.
Officers placed Kenney in handcuffs when he eventually decided to pull over. He was taken to a hospital where it was determined that he was not intoxicated.
A man inside the parked vehicle which Kenney struck suffered minor injuries and was taken to the hospital, according to Action News Now. Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by Ryan Banister of The Daily Sheeple . 

ARTICLE

Editor's Note : Disgusting. This country just gets more and more corrupt by the day… it's insane. Pretty soon it will collapse of its own weight under so much disgusting corruption.

The Pennsylvania legislature has passed a law prohibiting the release of officers' names for up to 30 days after a police-related death has occurred. It was backed by Philadelphia police unions and will become law if signed by Democratic Governor Tom Wolf.
The measure passed Thursday after the Republican-controlled legislature voted along party lines. If the bill becomes law, it will prevent public officials from releasing the names of officers involved in shootings which cause death or ' serious bodily injury ' for up to 30 days after the incident, or until the conclusion of an official investigation.
The bill, HB 1538, was sponsored by state Rep. Martina White (R-Philadelphia) and is a direct contradiction of the Philadelphia Police Department's policy of releasing names within 72 hours of a shooting.
The 72-hour rule was created by the Department of Justice and put into place by former police commissioner Charles H. Ramsey in 2014, after it was recommended. Speaking in support of the rule at the time, Ramsey said : ' I don't think you can reasonably expect to shoot people and remain anonymous. '
However, the influential Philadelphia Police Union has defended HB 1538.
' We're just asking to put a lid on the boiling pot until things calm down, especially if it's an investigation that could lead to protests in the community, ' John McNesby, president of the 14,500-strong union, told the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette.
White claims the bill is needed, due to the dangers faced by police officers
' I was watching the television and just saw how officers are being gunned down and other officers in different states had been subjected to harassment and the very things that they are trying to protect citizens like ourselves from experiencing, and to me the 72-hour rule is really just an arbitrary number, ' White told the Post-Gazette.
However, neither McNesby nor White could identify any instances of officers or their families being harmed due to being publicly identified.
McNesby told the Post-Gazette that he was unaware of any direct threats that had taken place, but said ' that's what we're looking to stop before it becomes a reality. '
The American Civil Liberties Union of Pennsylvania has criticized the bill, calling it ' a policy that will heighten tensions between the police and the communities they serve' and accusing it of being 'completely tone deaf to the needs of communities that are impacted by police brutality. '
Rep. Margo Davidson (D-Delaware County) has also spoken out against the bill, saying it undermines ' the bridges that have been built between law enforcement and communities of color. ' She added that ' this legislation will do nothing but breed suspicion. '
Davidson, along with many other Philadelphia Democrats, opposed the bill in the 151-32 vote.
Governor Wolf has yet to comment on whether or not he will sign the bill, which passed the Senate and House with a veto-proof majority. If Wolf still decides to veto, an override of that veto would only be able to take place after the next election.

Read Also: War on Cops Debunked: More Cops Died by Accident Than Violence in 2015 
Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by RT.com of RT.com . 

ARTICLE

Editor's Note : If we weren't already, as soon as our votes went virtual, we became disenfranchised. These machines are hacked every election.
With as corrupt as our system is at this point, it'd be shocking if that weren't the case.

by Joseph Jankowski
A U.K. based company that has provided voting machines for 16 states, including important battleground states like Florida and Arizona, has direct ties with billionaire leftist and Clinton crusader George Soros. 
With recent WikiLeaks emails showing that Hillary Clinton received foreign policy directives and coordinated on domestic policy with Soros , along with receiving tens of millions of dollars in presidential campaign support from the billionaire, concerns are growing that these shadowy players may pull the strings behind the curtains of the upcoming presidential election.
As Lifezette reports , the fact that the man in control of voting machines in 16 states is tied directly to the man who has given millions of dollars to the Clinton campaign and various progressive and globalist causes will surely leave a bad taste in the mouth of many a voter.
The balloting equipment tied to Soros is coming from the U.K. based Smartmatic company, whose chairman Mark Malloch-Brown is a former UN official and sits on the board of Soros' Open Society Foundation.
According to Lifezette , Malloch-Brown was part of the Soros Advisory Committee on Bosnia and also is a member of the executive committee of the International Crisis Group, an organization he co-founded in the 1990s and built with funds from George Soros' personal fortune.
In 2007 Soros appointed Malloch-Brown vice-president of his Quantum Funds, vice-chairman of Soros Fund Management, and vice-chairman of the Open Society Institute (former name of OSF).
Browns ties also intertwine with the Clintons as he was a partner with Sawyer-Miller, the consulting firm where close Clinton associate Mandy Grunwald worked. Brown also was also a senior advisor to FTI Consulting, a firm at which Jackson Dunn, who spent 15 years working as an aide to the Clintons, is a senior managing director. When taking that into account, along with the poor track record Smartmatic has of providing free and fair elections, this all becomes quite terrifying.
An astonishing 2006 classified U.S. diplomatic cable obtained and released by WikiLeaks reveals the extent to which Smartmatic may have played a hand in rigging the 2004 Venezuelan recall election under a section titled 'A Shadow of Fraud.' The memo stated that 'Smartmatic Corporation is a riddle both in ownership and operation, complicated by the fact that its machines have overseen several landslide (and contested) victories by President Hugo Chavez and his supporters.'
'The Smartmatic machines used in Venezuela are widely suspected of, though never proven conclusively to be, susceptible to fraud,' the memo continued. 'The Venezuelan opposition is convinced that the Smartmatic machines robbed them of victory in the August 2004 referendum. Since then, there have been at least eight statistical analyses performed on the referendum results.'
'One study obtained the data log from the CANTV network and supposedly proved that the Smartmatic machines were bi-directional and in fact showed irregularities in how they reported their results to the CNE central server during the referendum,' it read.
With such suspicion and a study which claims to prove that the U.K. firm's equipment tampered with the 2004 Venezuelan recall election, should be enough for states to reject these machines if they desire a fair election.
Smartmatic is providing machines to Arizona, California, Colorado, Washington DC, Florida, Illinois, Louisiana, Michigan, Missouri, New Jersey, Nevada, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Virginia, Washington and Wisconsin, which means these Soros and Clinton linked machines are going to take the votes of thousands of Americans.
While GOP nominee Donald Trump has been voicing his opinion that the elections are indeed rigged due to media bias, and the proof that mainstream polls are heavily weighted to favor Clinton , it is needless to say that if the results show Hillary as a winner in November, there is going to be a mess to shuffle through to find signs of honesty. Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by Planet Free Will of planetfreewill.com . 
The mission of Planet Free Will is to enlighten as many people as possible with truthful and thought provoking information while at the same time keeping you up to date on news occurring around the world. 

ARTICLE


A Russian fighter jet nearly collided with a US plane over Syria on October 17, according to DoD officials.
The Russian jet was escorting a much larger spy plane, said USAF Lieutenant General Jeff Harrigan, and it came within half a mile of a US warplane.The American pilot reportedly felt the turbulence generated by the Russian plane's jet engines. Both planes were flying without lights during the night.
'I would attribute it to not having the necessary situational awareness given all those platforms operating together,' Harrigan said.
A hotline has been created between Russian and US forces to discuss approximate locations and flight paths of planes in order to avoid collisions in the future.
Russian forces have reported that they have not bombed Aleppo since October 18, but they continue to send constant air patrol to circle the region. Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by The Daily Sheeple of www.TheDailySheeple.com . 
This content may be freely reproduced in full or in part in digital form with full attribution to the author and a link to www.TheDailySheeple.com. 

ARTICLE


As we draw closer to election day, polling data, rigged or not, certainly seems to indicate that the presidential race is tightening. In fact, just last weekend ABC released a poll that drew huge media attention on the Sunday talk show circuit as it showed Hillary opening up a 12-point national lead. Now, just a few days later, that exact same poll shows only a 5-point lead. That data seemingly proves one of two things, either the polls are indeed 'rigged' to show a desired outcome or the daily drip of WikiLeaks emails is finally starting to take a toll on the Clinton campaign. 
But the ABC poll isn't the only one tightening with most of the recent polls from the Real Clear Politics average showing only a modest lead for Hillary.

A similar tightening of the polls is occurring in Florida…

And even in Michigan, which has been a long-time democrat stronghold.

As The Hill points out, the damage from the daily barrage of WikiLeaks dumps may be finally starting to take their toll on voters.
Hillary Clinton has failed to effectively contain the damage from the release of thousands of campaign chairman John Podesta's personal emails, giving new ammunition to Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump.
The fallout from the daily releases have raised concerns among Democrats that even if Clinton is elected president, the controversy will follow her into the White House. 
Anyone with an Internet connection can dig into the thousands of pages of emails , which have revealed infighting among Clinton's top advisers, as well as new details about the millions of dollars flowing into the Clinton's charitable foundation and personal bank accounts.
Meanwhile, the mainstream press, after seemingly concluding that this race is a done deal, has finally decided they can no longer ignore the Clinton scandals.
CNN's Jake Tapper called the Wikileaks revelation around Brazile 'horrifying.' 
'Let me go to bottom line: There is no way under any circumstance the Clinton Foundation should not be operating if she becomes president,' Chuck Todd, moderator of NBC's Meet the Press, told WGN Radio in Chicago on Thursday. 'I just don't see how they can keep that going.
'She's got an opportunity, again, if she doesn't do half measures here, if they shut it down to at least limit the political damage,' he said.
Even Chris Matthews, who famously got the 'thrill up his leg' listening to Obama speak back in 2008, admits that the 'thrill is gone' with Hillary who will bring in 'train loads of contributors' and 'charge them by the hour' to sit in the Lincoln bedroom. 
'People don't change because we swear them into the White House. They become that person big-time. And the Clintons were raising money like this hand over hand, hand over fist, back in 1996, using—we called it Motel 6. They were hoarding them in, pulling them in by train loads of contributors and then letting them sit in the Lincoln bedroom for a while and charging them by the hour. You can still vote for Hillary Clinton, but remember, you're getting this as part of the package, because that's been their pattern.' 
And, the Trump campaign will continue to hammer on the daily WikiLeaks dumps through election day.
'The more e-mails Wikileaks releases, the more the lines between the Clinton Foundation, the Secretary of State's office, and the Clintons' personal finances are blurred,' Trump said at a campaign stop in Ohio on Thursday.
'If the Clintons were willing to play this fast and loose with their criminal enterprise when they weren't in the White House, just imagine what they will do if they are given the chance to use the Oval Office to pad their pockets.' 
Of course, with 11 days left until the election there is still plenty of time for new scandals…somehow we suspect the surprises aren't over.
Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by Zero Hedge of www.zerohedge.com . 

ARTICLE


by Nick Bernabe
A small Standing Rock Sioux site in North Dakota called the Sacred Stone Camp has been propelled into the national news narrative following their stand against the Dakota Access Pipeline. Due in part to independent media coverage of the ongoing standoff, the Sacred Stone camp has grown into a formidable opposition against the $3.8 billion, 1,200-mile long pipeline.
Due to misinformation coming from law-enforcement, political favoritism toward the pipeline builders, and the media's blatant reluctance to report on the pipeline, it's hard to tell truth from fiction. Anti-Media , along with our partners in the independent media and our embedded journalist at the opposition encampment, have been covering the unfolding standoff continuously. Here are five things you need to know.
1. Who is opposing the pipeline — and why 
The Standing Rock Sioux tribe is leading the opposition to the Dakota Access Pipeline. They have been joined by the largest tribal coalition in over 100 years in their stand against the pipeline. The coalition is also comprised of activists, allies, and environmentalists, collectively known as 'water protectors,' at the Sacred Stone Camp, an encampment close to the location where the pipeline is planned to cross the Missouri River in North Dakota. According to the Sacred Stone camp website , they are opposing the pipeline because '[t]he Dakota Access threatens everything from farming and drinking water to entire ecosystems, wildlife and food sources surrounding the Missouri.' 
The Standing Rock Sioux also say the pipeline is violating treaty land , Sioux territory that was established many years ago by the federal government. 'We will not allow Dakota Access to trespass on our treaty territory and destroy our medicines and our culture.' 
The opposition to the pipeline spreads across several states and is not opposed solely by Native Americans. Farmers, ranchers, and landowners are also opposed to the pipeline. Many of them have had their land taken from them against their will and given to the pipeline via eminent domain.
2. The U.S. government and the pipeline corporation are continuing a long tradition of disrespecting Native Americans 
The United States has a very bad reputation for treating Native Americans, the original inhabitants of this land, as less than human. In many instances in the past, the land where Native Americans lived was deemed to be of higher value than the Natives' lives.
Such has been the case in North Dakota — not only now, but in the past as well. According to The Atlantic :
'The land beneath the pipeline was accorded to Sioux peoples by the Treaty of Fort Laramie in 1868. Eleven years later, the U.S. government incited and won the Great Sioux War, and 'renegotiated' a new treaty with the Sioux under threat of starvation. In that document, the tribe ceded much of the Laramie land, including the Black Hills of South Dakota, where many whites believed there to be gold.'
After the federal government relegated the Sioux people to the 'Great Sioux Reservation' in 1851 , the treaty was re-written and 'renegotiated' by force whenever resources were discovered or when the U.S. government wanted land. Essentially, the Sioux people were victims of U.S.-sanctioned murder, and their land was stolen because gold was discovered on it.
Fast forward to 2016 and the Sioux people are once again making a stand on land that was once — and still is , according to the tribe — theirs. How is the government reacting to this stand? By brutally arresting the Native American water protectors for trespassing . If that is not a miscarriage of justice, I don't know what is.
Further, Energy Transfer Partners, the company pulling the strings behind the DAPL, has deep pockets, and its lobbyists have cozied up to federal, state, and local governments with jurisdiction over the pipeline route. This could explain why the company began its construction of the pipeline on Army Corps of Engineers land without even securing an easement , which is required by law. Dakota Access LLC, a subsidiary of Energy Transfer Partners, has also used the strong-arm of government to force farmers and landowners to hand over their land to the pipeline against their will.
3. Violent acts are being carried out in North Dakota, but not by the water protectors 

Violence is breaking out at the Dakota Access Protest site, but the protesters have nothing to do with it. Pipeline police, bolstered by the North Dakota National Guard and sheriffs imported from around the country, have turned the standoff into a war zone. Water protectors are regularly pepper sprayed, tear gassed, and violently arrested. Over the weekend, 127 people were detained in the biggest mass arrest to date.
Militarized police at the Dakota Access Pipeline site are decked out in riot gear, armed with military grade weapons, use armored cars or MRAPs with snipers on top of them, and have regularly used LRADs, a type of mass crowd dispersal weapon that uses a high pitched noise to hurt people's ears — sometimes permanently .
Early reports of protesters being armed and violent have proven to be instances of misinformation spread by law enforcement apparently seeking to demonize the opposition. No credible reports of violence by the protesters have been confirmed or prosecuted. Nearly all arrests stem from trespassing charges or crimes of journalism.
When protesters initially began using civil disobedience to physically shut down the Dakota Access Pipeline site, they were confronted violently by security guards from British mercenary firm G4S. The mercs sicced dogs and used pepper spray on the protesters in an assault that went viral and helped catalyze even more support for the water protectors.
4. Independent media is under attack at the Dakota Access Pipeline — and the corporate media is ignoring it 
Independent media's broadcasts over the Internet are basically the only reason people around the country and the world now know about the struggle at Standing Rock. Unfortunately, journalists are not immune to the police crackdowns in North Dakota. Dozens of journalists have now been arrested, and an arrest warrant was issued for high-profile journalist Amy Goodman. One independent media outlet, Unicorn Riot , saw four of their journalists arrested in one day in North Dakota. One filmmaker is facing up to 45 years in prison for filming acts of civil disobedience against the pipeline.
Anti-Media 's journalist on the ground, Derrick Broze, was tased by law enforcement while covering the protests on Thursday as this article was being written.
Meanwhile, the national corporate media ignored the battle against the Dakota Access Pipeline as long as they could. For months, despite the DAPL emergence into the national narrative, ABC and NBC refused to air any coverage about it. A woman was arrested for protesting the pipeline on her own farm after Dakota Access LLC gained access to it against her will via eminent domain — yet there was still no corporate media coverage on the incident.
5. How you can help the opposition 

Now that you see what water protectors are up against in North Dakota, here's what you can do to help.
Get yourself to the Sacred Stone Camp. The water protectors need reinforcements as people are regularly arrested. The bigger the stand, the more likely the pipeline's construction will be halted. Here's how to get there . Send supplies or donations. Water protectors need your help with supplies and funding. Go to this link to send supplies. Go to this link to donate to the cause. Support independent journalists that risk arrest to bring you the news from the front lines. Follow Sacred Stone Camp on Facebook. Share this article. For 10 more ways to get involved, click here . Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by The Anti-Media of theantimedia.org . 
The 'Anti' in our name does not mean we are against the media, we are simply against the current mainstream paradigm. The current media, influenced by the industrial complex, is a top-down authoritarian system of distribution—the opposite of what Anti-Media aims to be. At Anti-Media, we want to offer a new paradigm—a bottom-up approach for real and diverse reporting. We seek to establish a space where the people are the journalists and a venue where independent journalism moves forward on a larger and more truthful scale. 

ARTICLE


Well, well, well…take a look at this, from NBC :
The FBI will re-open its investigation into Hillary Clinton's use of a private email server, bureau director James Comey said in a letter to the Senate Judiciary Committee on Friday.
'In connection with an unrelated case, the FBI has learned of the existence of emails that appear to be pertinent to the investigation … I agreed that the FBI should take appropriate investigative steps designed to allow investigators to review these emails to determine whether they contain classified information, as well as to assess their importance to our investigation,' he wrote.
Here's the letter:
FBI Director Comey, in letter to members of Congress, says FBI is investigating additional emails in Clinton private server case pic.twitter.com/Ue0qlhqT5w 
— Bradd Jaffy (@BraddJaffy) October 28, 2016 

The language in the FBI letter to Congress makes it clear that new evidence has been discovered and will be reviewed — meaning FBI agents will read these emails. NBC reports that it is '…unusual for the FBI to tell Congress it is looking over newly discovered evidence in a criminal inquiry that was otherwise closed.'
FBI Dir just informed me, "The FBI has learned of the existence of emails that appear to be pertinent to the investigation." Case reopened
— Jason Chaffetz (@jasoninthehouse) October 28, 2016 

We are two weeks away from the end of the ridiculous circus that is this (s)election.
What kind if impact will a new investigation have (if any)? Clinton supporters certainly seem to defend her no matter what, and some believe she's long been the Chosen One. Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by Lily Dane of The Daily Sheeple . 
Lily Dane is a staff writer for The Daily Sheeple. Her goal is to help people to 'Wake the Flock Up!' 

ARTICLE


By Jake Anderson
Anomalous signals from deep space often evoke a quick pulse of gossip and speculation about aliens that dies off soon thereafter, when scientists are able to explain it. Usually, the explanation involves a natural cosmic process — an asteroid, space detritus, or frequencies from an exploded star.
Sometimes, however, the signals are too mysterious to explain. There's a reason why you may have seen a sustained social media buzz regarding aliens this past week. A few days ago, two scientists from Laval University in Quebec released a paper arguing they may have just received our first communication from extraterrestrials.
First, a bit of context. This has been an exciting decade for those of us who stargaze in awe, wondering how many sentient beings live in this incomprehensibly enormous universe of ours. First, the search for exoplanets accelerated dramatically, aided by the Kepler telescope, which has identified over 1,000 planets outside of our solar system.
While scientists have long known that our Milky Way galaxy alone probably contains several hundred billion planets , the ability to study them had eluded us until fairly recently (this ability will be exponentially augmented when the James Webb telescope allows us to analyze exoplanets' atmospheres and search for traces of industrial gasses). Additionally, the discovery of Earth-like exoplanets — some of which are conceivably close enough to visit in a few decades — has tantalizing ramifications for our near future human race.
Earlier this year, scientists announced the incredible observation of a series of inexplicable brightness frequencies from the star KIC 8462852, which led many to speculate the signals could have been originating from a Dyson sphere , a theoretical megastructure by which an advanced alien race (a Kardschez type 2 civilization ) could harness the power of its sun. The newest discovery from this star has made it even more unlikely that the signals are from natural causes.
The newest strange signals hail from a gaggle of some 234 stars identified by the Sloan Digital Sky Survey, which analyzed the spectra of 2.5 million stars. E.F. Borra and E. Trottier, the two astronomers who discovered the anomalies, discussed them in their paper , which was originally titled 'Signals probably from Extraterrestrial Intelligence.'
'We find that the detected signals have exactly the shape of an [extraterrestrial intelligence] signal predicted in the previous publication and are therefore in agreement with this hypothesis,' they wrote.
'The fact that they are only found in a very small fraction of stars within a narrow spectral range centered near the spectral type of the sun is also in agreement with the ETI hypothesis.' 
Of course, it is far from certain that these are actual alien messages. In an interview with none other than Snopes.com , Borra claimed he never actually used the word 'probably' and that further confirmation was needed.
The director of the SETI (Search for Extraterrestrial Intelligence) Institute , Andrew Siemion, issued an admonishing response:
'You can't make such definitive statements about detections unless you've exhausted every possible means of follow-up.' 
So why is everyone so excited? The discovery appears to match a prediction Borra made in 2012 when he claimed aliens could very well use intermittent bursts of laser as a means of communication.
For his part, Siemion plans to use his Breakthrough Listen Initiative to more closely assess several stars from the 234 sample. Meanwhile, Borra andTrottier, Borra's graduate student, will continue observing the mysterious signals.
It's an exciting decade for space research. With plans for a mission to Mars in the hopper, as well as an exploratory probe that will be sent to the moon Europa, we may be witnessing the rebirth of the Space Race. What better incentive could there be to venture further into space than the call of an alien species?
Let's hope that by the time we meet them, our own species will have transcended its addiction to war and unsustainable resource allocation. Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by The Anti-Media of theantimedia.org . 
The 'Anti' in our name does not mean we are against the media, we are simply against the current mainstream paradigm. The current media, influenced by the industrial complex, is a top-down authoritarian system of distribution—the opposite of what Anti-Media aims to be. At Anti-Media, we want to offer a new paradigm—a bottom-up approach for real and diverse reporting. We seek to establish a space where the people are the journalists and a venue where independent journalism moves forward on a larger and more truthful scale. 

ARTICLE


Come on… audio just surfaced of Hillary discussing how America should have rigged Palestine's election back in 2006 .
If she'd rig the elections of other countries, why wouldn't she rig the election she's trying to personally win in our country?
Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by Melissa Dykes of The Daily Sheeple . 
Melissa Dykes is a writer, researcher, and analyst for The Daily Sheeple and a co-creator of Truthstream Media with Aaron Dykes, a site that offers teleprompter-free, unscripted analysis of The Matrix we find ourselves living in. Melissa and Aaron also recently launched Revolution of the Method and Informed Dissent . Wake the flock up! 

ARTICLE


An East Bay police department is now looking for a new office after being kicked out by their landlord.
The Lafayette Police Department is being evicted from Desco Plaza because there are not enough parking spots for all of their police cruisers. According to city manager Steven Falk, the overbearing presence of cruisers is impacting tenants in the building, affecting their ability to park their own vehicles.

Desco Plaza owner Curt Blomstrand has told the department that it must leave as soon as its lease ends at the end of the year.
In a council meeting earlier this week Blomstrand referenced ' a growing force and too many police cars crammed into his property' as reasons for evicting the department.
Each tenant gets ten parking spaces, but the department is using forty. Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by Ryan Banister of The Daily Sheeple . 

ARTICLE


Because insanity is doing the same thing every four years, and expecting different results.

Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by Truthstream Media of TruthstreamMedia.com . 
Aaron Dykes and Melissa Melton created Truthstream Media.com as an outlet to examine the news, place it in a broader context, uncover the deceptions, pierce through the fabric of illusions, grasp the underlying factors, know the real enemy, unshackle from the system, and begin to imagine the path towards taking back our lives, one step at a time, so that one day we might truly be free… 

ARTICLE


During an investigation into former New York congressman Anthony Weiner's lewd texting with an underage girl, new communications were uncovered on the congressman's computer which have given FBI Director James Comey cause to re-open the investigation into Hillary Clinton's handling of classified information.
On Friday, Comey notified the leaders of the congressional oversight committees that the investigation has been re-opened. In his letter, he wrote:
In connection with an unrelated case, the FBI has learned of the existence of emails that appear to be pertinent to the investigation. I am writing to inform you that the investigative team briefed me on this yesterday, and I agreed that the FBI should take appropriate investigative steps designed to allow investigators to review these emails to determine whether they contain classified information, as well as to assess their importance to our investigation.
According to FBI officials, the emails were discovered after the bureau seized a device which was used by both the former congressman and his estranged wife, Huma Abedin, a top aide to the Clinton Campaign, which contained related information to their investigation into Weiner's 'sexting' escapade with a 15-year-old girl in North Carolina.
Hillary Clinton seems to be confident that the FBI will not bring charges against her.
'[FBI Director James Comey] himself has said he doesn't know whether the emails… are significant or not,' Clinton said to reporters on Friday. 'I'm confident whatever they are will not change the conclusion reached in July. Therefore it's imperative that the bureau explain this issue in question, whatever it is, without any delay.'
Donald Trump, speaking to a crowd in New Hampshire on Friday afternoon, tipped his hat to the FBI for having the 'courage' to correct 'the horrible mistake that they made.'
'Hillary Clinton's corruption is on a scale we have never seen before,' Trump said. 'We must not let her take her criminal scheme into the Oval Office.' Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by The Daily Sheeple of www.TheDailySheeple.com . 
This content may be freely reproduced in full or in part in digital form with full attribution to the author and a link to www.TheDailySheeple.com. 

ARTICLE


The oligarchy runs our society with Problem – Reaction – Solution.
We all knew our government was disgustingly corrupt… but now it's blatantly in-your-face written proof disgustingly corrupt at a time when most of us didn't think it could get much worse.

If anything, these leaks have proven beyond a shadow of a doubt that the two-party system is an illusion and the whole construct is one huge pay-for-play corporate sham. Obamacare was always meant to destroy the private health care system and usher in single-payer, government run socialist medicine. It was designed that way… and it's 'working'. Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by Truthstream Media of TruthstreamMedia.com . 
Aaron Dykes and Melissa Melton created Truthstream Media.com as an outlet to examine the news, place it in a broader context, uncover the deceptions, pierce through the fabric of illusions, grasp the underlying factors, know the real enemy, unshackle from the system, and begin to imagine the path towards taking back our lives, one step at a time, so that one day we might truly be free… 

ARTICLE


by Matt Agorist
'It is enough that the people know there was an election. The people who cast the votes decide nothing. The people who count the votes decide everything.' – Joseph Stalin (allegedly)
One thing in US history is consistent throughout every single election cycle — allegations of voter fraud. These allegations, however, are not the ramblings of a kook with tinfoil wrapped around his head, they are substantiated and reach as high as the Supreme Court. Don't believe it? Ask Al Gore and George W. Bush .
If you think that the ruling class would leave it up to the voters to decide who gets elected, you should think again. Every single candidate who actually challenges the status quo becomes a target.
This year is one of the worst years ever for voter fraud, as it's been captured on video — multiple times.
Last Month, Hillary Clinton declared herself the winner of the Democratic Party in the much-anticipated Iowa caucuses. Immediately after the 'victory,' Clinton went on CNN to bask in her counterfeit fame.
'I am so thrilled,' Clinton told Wolf Blitzer in an interview Tuesday afternoon. 'My luck was not that good last time around, and it was wonderful to win the caucus, to have that experience.'
However, fraud was so rampant that a C-SPAN video caught it. Clinton's 'victory' would have nothing to do with 'luck,' and her premature declaration of the 'razor thin' tie, was no mistake.
When campaign minions aren't fudging the physical vote count, computers, tasked with tallying the vote, are susceptible to hacking.
In 2006, the documentary Hacking Democracy , exposed Diebold and their role in rigging elections with their electronic voting machines.
Clinton Eugene 'Clint' Curtis is an American attorney, computer programmer and ex-employee of NASA and ExxonMobil, who also exposed election hacking.
He is notable chiefly for making a series of whistleblower allegations about his former employer and about Republican Congressman Tom Feeney, including an allegation that in 2000, Feeney and Yang Enterprises requested Curtis's assistance in a scheme to steal votes by inserting fraudulent code into touch screen voting systems.
Curtis is seen in the video below testifying under oath in front of the U.S. House Judiciary Members in Ohio.
He tells the members how he was hired by Congressman Tom Feeney in 2000 to build a prototype software package that would secretly rig an election to sway the result 51/49 to a specified side.
After watching the video, you'll know why true change is hard to come by.

Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by The Free Thought Project of thefreethoughtproject.com . 
The Free Thought Project is dedicated to holding those who claim authority over our lives accountable. 

ARTICLE


Yesterday, we reported that the FBI has found ' tens of thousands of emails ' belonging to Huma Adein on Anthony Weiner's computer, raising questions how practical it is that any conclusive finding will be available or made by the FBI in the few days left before the elections.
Now, according to the WSJ , it appears that Federal agents are preparing to scour roughly 650,000 emails that, as we reported moments ago were discovered weeks ago on the laptop of Anthony Weiner , to see how many relate to a prior probe of Hillary Clinton's email use, as metadata on the device suggests there may be thousands sent to or from the private server that the Democratic nominee used while she was secretary of state, according to people familiar with the matter.
As the WSJ adds, the review will take weeks at a minimum to determine whether those messages are work-related emails between Huma Abedin, a close Clinton aide and the estranged wife of Mr. Weiner, and State Department officials; how many are duplicates of emails already reviewed by the Federal Bureau of Investigation; and whether they include either classified information or important new evidence in the Clinton email probe, which FBI officials call 'Midyear .'
And, as we further reported earlier today , the FBI has had to await a court order to begin reviewing the emails, because they were uncovered in an unrelated probe of Mr. Weiner, and that order was delayed for reasons that remain unclear.
More stunning is just how many emails were found on Weiner's computer. And while one can only imagine the content of some of the more persona ones, the WSJ writes that the latest development began in early October when New York-based FBI officials notified Andrew McCabe, the bureau's second-in-command, that while investigating Mr. Weiner for possibly sending sexually charged messages to a minor, they had recovered a laptop with 650,000 emails. Many, they said, were from the accounts of Ms. Abedin, according to people familiar with the matter.
Those emails stretched back years, these people said, and were on a laptop that both Mr. Weiner and Ms. Abedin used and that hadn't previously come up in the Clinton email probe. Ms. Abedin said in late August that the couple were separating.
The FBI had searched the computer while looking for child pornography , people familiar with the matter said, but the warrant they used didn't give them authority to search for matters related to Mrs. Clinton's email arrangement at the State Department. Mr. Weiner has denied sending explicit or indecent messages to the teenager.
As reported yesterday, it appears that there are potentially tens of thousands of Abedin linked emails on Weiner's computer:
In their initial review of the laptop, the metadata showed many messages, apparently in the thousands, that were either sent to or from the private email server at Mrs. Clinton's home that had been the focus of so much investigative effort for the FBI . Senior FBI officials decided to let the Weiner investigators proceed with a closer examination of the metadata on the computer, and report back to them.
The WSJ then connects the dots between how the Weiner emails were linked to the Clinton reopening of the Clinton probe, despite Loretta Lynch's and the DOJ's vocal urges not to do so :
At a meeting early last week of senior Justice Department and FBI officials, a member of the department's senior national-security staff asked for an update on the Weiner laptop, the people familiar with the matter said. At that point, officials realized that no one had acted to obtain a warrant, these people said. 
Mr. McCabe then instructed the email investigators to talk to the Weiner investigators and see whether the laptop's contents could be relevant to the Clinton email probe, these people said. After the investigators spoke, the agents agreed it was potentially relevant. 
Mr. Comey was given an update, decided to go forward with the case and notified Congress on Friday, with explosive results . Senior Justice Department officials had warned Mr. Comey that telling Congress would violate well-established policies against overt actions that could affect an election, and some within the FBI have been unhappy at Mr. Comey's repeated public statements on the probe, going back to his first press conference on the subject in July.
But wait – it gets better.
Recall that this is the same Andrew Mcabe whose wife the Wall Street Journal reported last week received $467,500 in campaign funds in late 2015 from the political action committee of Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe, a longtime ally of the Clintons and, until he was elected governor in November 2013, a Clinton Foundation board member. 
Mr. McAuliffe had supported Dr. McCabe in the hopes she and a handful of other Democrats might help win a majority in the state Senate, giving Mr. McAuliffe more sway in the state capitol. Dr. McCabe lost her race last November, and Democrats failed to win their majority.
FBI officials have said Mr. McCabe had no role in the Clinton email probe until he became deputy director, and there was no conflict of interest because by then his wife's campaign was over.
Which brings us to the second big topic: the Clinton Foundation, and how the DOJ made sure that particular probe never made the light of day. At the same time as the Clinton server was being investigated, other Clinton-related investigations were under way within the FBI, and they have been the subject of internal debate for months.
Early this year, four FBI field offices—New York, Los Angeles, Washington and Little Rock, Ark.—were collecting information about the Clinton Foundation to see if there was evidence of financial crimes or influence-peddling, according to people familiar with the matter.
The WSJ touches on something fascinating: Los Angeles agents had picked up information about the Clinton Foundation from an unrelated public corruption case and had issued some subpoenas for bank records related to the foundation, these people said . So where did that trail go? Apparently nowhere.
The Washington field office was probing financial relationships involving Mr. McAuliffe before he became a Clinton Foundation board member, these people said. Mr. McAuliffe has denied any wrongdoing, and his lawyer has said the probe is focused on whether he failed to register as an agent of a foreign entity.The FBI field office in New York had done the most work on the Clinton Foundation case and received help from the FBI field office in Little Rock, the people familiar with the matter said.
In February, FBI officials made a presentation to the Justice Department, according to these people. By all accounts, the meeting didn't go well.
Some said that is because the FBI didn't present compelling evidence to justify more aggressive pursuit of the Clinton Foundation, and that the career public integrity prosecutors in the room simply believed it wasn't a very strong case. Others said that from the start, the Justice Department officials were stern, icy and dismissive of the case. 
'That was one of the weirdest meetings I've ever been to,' one participant told others afterward, according to people familiar with the matter.
Needless to say, the probe into the Foundation faded.
But back to the Clinton probe, according to a person familiar with the probes, on Aug. 12, a senior Justice Department official called Mr. McCabe to voice his displeasure at finding that New York FBI agents were still openly pursuing the Clinton Foundation probe, despite the department's refusal to allow more aggressive investigative methods in the case. Mr. McCabe said agents still had the authority to pursue the issue as long as they didn't use those methods.
At this point a question emerges: did McCabe seek to defend or press on with a Clinton probe:
Mr. McCabe's defenders in the agency said that following the call, he repeated the instruction that he had given earlier in the Clinton Foundation investigation: Agents were to keep pursuing the work within the authority they had.
Others further down the FBI chain of command, however, said agents were given a much starker instruction on the case: 'Stand down.' When agents questioned why they weren't allowed to take more aggressive steps, they said they were told the order had come from the deputy director—Mr. McCabe. Others familiar with the matter deny Mr. McCabe or any other senior FBI official gave such a stand-down instruction.
At this point the two probes, into Hillary's email and the Clinton Foundation converged:
For agents who already felt uneasy about FBI leadership's handling of the Clinton Foundation case, the moment only deepened their concerns, these people said. For those who felt the probe hadn't yet found significant evidence of criminal conduct, the leadership's approach was the right response to the facts on the ground.
Things accelerated over the past two months, when in September, agents on the foundation case asked to see the emails contained on non-government laptops that had been searched as part of the Clinton email case, but that request was rejected by prosecutors at the Eastern District of New York, in Brooklyn. Those emails were given to the FBI based on grants of partial immunity and limited-use agreements, meaning agents could only use them for the purpose of investigating possible mishandling of classified information.
Some FBI agents were dissatisfied with that answer, and asked for permission to make a similar request to federal prosecutors in Manhattan, according to people familiar with the matter. Mr. McCabe, these people said, told them no and added that they could not 'go prosecutor-shopping.'
Not long after that discussion, FBI agents informed the bureau's leaders about the Weiner laptop, prompting Mr. Comey's disclosure to Congress and setting of the furor that promises to consume the final days of a tumultuous campaign.
While much of the latest developments are known, or could have been inferred assuming more corruption within government agencies, the punchline is that the weeks if not months of upcoming work means that if Clinton wins the White House, she will likely do so amid at least one ongoing investigation into her inner circle being handled by law-enforcement officials who are deeply divided over how to manage such cases . It also means that Trump will be hounding Hillary for the remainder of the campaign as being the only presidential candidate to seek election with a recently reopened criminal probe hanging over her head. Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by Zero Hedge of www.zerohedge.com . 

ARTICLE


By Nathaniel Mauka
Congress overwhelmingly voted for the Patriot Act nearly 16 years ago, and our civil liberties have never been the same since. As if this singular bill, passed by George W. Bush, wasn't invasive enough, allowing big banks to demand our internet data, and more — the Cybersecurity Information Sharing Act ( CISA ) makes cyber-spying by the shadow government and the financial entities controlling it, a forgone conclusion.
As with most shadow government legislation, the Cybersecurity Information Sharing Act is packed with hidden surveillance allowances. CISA was quietly passed to allow government to demand that private companies hand over personal information to them at will. It also allows companies to mine data, under the auspices of government-created urgency.
The mere fact that this act passed in late 2015 is monumental, since it has been before Congress in different forms for over a decade . The election seems to have offered the perfect cover, as Americans and activists were too busy arguing over Trump vs. Hillary. 
Scott Talbott, senior vice president of government relations at the Electronic Transactions Association believes the value of sharing our personal data as a means to be alerted of 'cyber threats' outweighs any hazard to our civil liberties. Talbott states ,
'The value is that everyone can be alerted to cyber threats and take precautionary countermeasures before they materialize and spread,' he said. 'Before CISA, corrective measures could be taken only after the cyber threat had done its damage. CISA allows each company to serve as an early warning system to the entire economy.' 
Who exactly would be determining if someone is a 'threat' is the meat of the sandwich, though. CISA is ripe for abuse, just as the Patriot Act has been.
The Patriot Act has made it legal for law enforcement to spy on people, without probable cause – to enter their homes, or even to strip search them before they've been to court, had the opportunity to argue a case, or given 'authorities' a motive for this type of interrogation.
The stated purpose of the Patriot Act was to deter terrorist acts in the United States, but what do you do when the terrorists have already taken over your country? CISA simply expands the reach of a shadow government which has already been proven to reach beyond the boundaries of constitutional law.
More importantly, who specifically is CISA targeting? After multiple hackers have infiltrated computer systems at the White House , the State Department , the Pentagon , and the Office of Personnel Management, along with the Democratic National Committee , and numerous multinational banks run by the cabal, is the shadow government simply trying to create a stop-gap before their most elusive, yet damning information is made public?
CISA certainly will expand the reach of government surveillance on citizens as it has been conducted by the the National Security Agency (NSA) before former NSA contractor Edward Snowden exposed it.
'I think this bill was meant to be a surveillance bill from the start,' said Justin Harvey, CSO of Fidelis Cybersecurity, adding that he is dubious that the stated intent of the bill – to use collective intelligence to warn of potential cyber attacks and possibly stop them before they occur – will result.
Under the guise of 'sharing cyber threats' CISA allows companies to wholesale-collect information that may not even be a threat – and then pass it along for government bodies to determine if it is, indeed a threat. If this sounds like circular logic – it is just the beginning of the odd verbiage within the bill. It's justifications for entering every possible orifice for data-gathering are more confounded than an octopus in a straight jacket.
The government can already enter your personal property including your home, your body , your cell, and your computer , but now they will have a legal in-roads to declare you a cyber-threat, simply for sending an email . This begs the question – who is the real cyber-bully? CISA seems to be nothing more than a prevarication, covering the acts of an elite few who don't want their secrets exposed.

Nathaniel Mauka is a researcher of the dark side of government and exopolitics, and a staff writer for Waking Times . 
This article ( Distracted by Election 2016, No-one Resisted the Deep State's Patriot Act 2 ) was originally created and published by Waking Times and is published here under a Creative Commons license with attribution to Nathaniel Mauka and WakingTimes.com . It may be re-posted freely with proper attribution and author bio. Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by Waking Times of www.wakingtimes.com . 
Waking Times is an independently owned and operated online magazine that seizes on the transformational power of information to trigger personal revolution and influence humanity's evolution. 

ARTICLE

With the latest revelation that 650,000 emails were found on Carlos Danger's laptop and the fact that Huma Abedin is in hot water with her main squeeze Hillary, Joe Joseph gets into why this could all be a huge psy-op to distract us from the rigging of the election.
He even offers up a simple yet effective way of doing away with election fraud and the power of special interests. Who knew it could be this simple…watch to find out!

Watch on YouTube 
Sources 
Hillary's Nightmare: Feds Get a Warrant to Start Search for Classified Info in 650,000 Emails – Thousands of Them From Her Private Server – on Sexting Weiner's Laptop. Clinton Faces Ongoing FBI Probe Even If She's Elected President 
FBI Obtains Warrant To Search Huma Abedin's Emails 
IT'S COME TO THIS=> Hillary Clinton Campaigns at Bar, In Florida, Mid Morning, On Sunday… 
Venezuelan President Threatens to Jail Opponents 
State House Candidates Scuffle at Beast Fest Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by The Daily Sheeple of www.TheDailySheeple.com . 
This content may be freely reproduced in full or in part in digital form with full attribution to the author and a link to www.TheDailySheeple.com. 

ARTICLE


Oh, Loretta.
I'll bet that AG Loretta Lynch is shaking in her boots right now, because when Hillary Clinton goes down, Lynch's career will go down with her. Heck, maybe they'll even be cellmates.
Loretta Lynch's ties to the Clintons go back to 1999 when then-President Bill Clinton appointed her to run the Brooklyn US Attorney's office. She left in 2002 and went into private practice, but returned to the Brooklyn office in 2010 at the behest of President Barack Obama. ( Here's her official bio. )
In 2015, she was sworn in to become the 83rd Attorney General of the United States, taking the place of the blatantly corrupt Attorney General, Eric Holder , who will probably be most famous for his roles in the Fast and Furious operation, inciting racial tensions, and his mishandling of the Lois Lerner/IRS debacle.
First, there was the secret airplane meeting with Bill Clinton 
It all started to publicly go downhill for Lynch during the first investigation into Hillary Clinton's carelessness with national secrets via her home email server . Right before FBI Director James Comey was to meet with Hillary Clinton to interrogate her about the subject, Lynch was busted having a secret meeting with Bill Clinton. The Washington Post reported:
Clinton's private, unplanned meeting with Attorney General Loretta E. Lynch at the Phoenix airport last week, coming at a time when the Justice Department should be nearing completion of its examination of Hillary Clinton's use of a private server for her emails as secretary of state, will inevitably — and negatively — affect public attitudes about that investigation…
…Lynch has tried to make amends, though not without leaving some confusion in her wake. In a conversation Friday with Washington Post editorial writer Jonathan Capehart at the Aspen Ideas Festival, she insisted again that the conversation was innocent — about grandchildren and golf and such — and did not touch on the investigation of the emails.
But she said she recognized that others would not see it that way. 'The fact that the meeting that I had is now casting a shadow over how people are going to view that work is something that I take seriously, and deeply and painfully,' she said.
Lynch said that she would 'be accepting' whatever recommendation the career prosecutors and FBI Director James B. Comey bring her — though she did not say she would remove herself completely from the case. She also said she had made that decision some months ago but was only now making it public.
Of course, it was all much easier for Lynch to abide by the decision when Comey miraculously found that Hillary Clinton was not criminal in her negligence with national secrets.
Now, though, people are asking questions about that ill-founded meeting. Judicial Watch has filed a lawsuit for 'all records' related to the illicit meeting between Attorney General Lynch and former President Bill Clinton.
'On June 29, 2016, Attorney General Loretta Lynch is reported to have met privately with former President Bill Clinton on board a parked private plane at Sky Harbor International Airport in Phoenix, Arizona. The meeting occurred during the then-ongoing investigation of Mrs. Clinton's email server, and mere hours before the Benghazi report was released publicly involving both Mrs. Clinton and the Obama administration. Judicial Watch filed a request on June 30 that the U.S. Department of Justice Office of the Inspector General investigate that meeting.'
Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump suggested that during that meeting, Bill Clinton may have offered to extend Lynch's position in the AG's office during a Hillary Clinton administration.
Then she blocked a congressional investigation into the notorious Iranian ransom payment. 
Last week, AG Lynch blocked a congressional investigation into the cash payments that the Obama administration made to Iran by pleading the Fifth. The Washington Free Beacon reported:
Attorney General Loretta Lynch is declining to comply with an investigation by leading members of Congress about the Obama administration's secret efforts to send Iran $1.7 billion in cash earlier this year, prompting accusations that Lynch has 'pleaded the Fifth' Amendment to avoid incriminating herself over these payments, according to lawmakers and communications exclusively obtained by the Washington Free Beacon …
…'It is frankly unacceptable that your department refuses to answer straightforward questions from the people's elected representatives in Congress about an important national security issue,' the lawmakers wrote. 'Your staff failed to address any of our questions, and instead provided a copy of public testimony and a lecture about the sensitivity of information associated with this issue.'
'As the United States' chief law enforcement officer, it is outrageous that you would essentially plead the fifth and refuse to respond to inquiries,' they stated. 'The actions of your department come at time when Iran continues to hold Americans hostage and unjustly sentence them to prison.'
How very judicial of her.
Lynch tried to shut Comey up about the new investigation into the Clinton emails. 
Now, even the mainstream media can't turn its head.
Earlier I wrote about the fact that FBI Director James Comey made the decision on his own to go public about the new investigation into the Hillary Clinton emails. But let's talk a little further about Lynch's desperate attempts to shut him up.
The New York Times reported that the Justice Department 'strongly discouraged Comey' against releasing the information:
The day before the F.B.I. director, James B. Comey, sent a letter to Congress announcing that new evidence had been discovered that might be related to the completed Hillary Clinton email investigation, the Justice Department strongly discouraged the step and told him that he would be breaking with longstanding policy, three law enforcement officials said on Saturday.
Senior Justice Department officials did not move to stop him from sending the letter, officials said, but they did everything short of it, pointing to policies against talking about current criminal investigations or being seen as meddling in elections.
How interesting that it's seen as 'influencing the election' to investigate someone now but it wasn't back when she was investigated and not charged. I'm not sure exactly how that works, but according to USA Today (emphasis mine), a '…federal official familiar with Comey's decision said Saturday that the FBI director considered the attorney general's advice during a spirited discussion of the matter Thursday and early Friday but felt compelled to act.'
Do you remember Janet Reno? 
Poor Janet was another Attorney General who went down for the Clintons. She was also sworn in as AG under Bill Clinton, and many questioned her appointment at the time. According to a report in the Chicago Tribune :
She arrived in Washington from Miami as Caesar's wife, and so she has remained. She was ignorant and independent of insider D.C. and has stayed that way. Bill Clinton never much liked her and never confided in her, and she reciprocated.
She became AG just in time to take the fall for the debacle in Waco , actually. According to History.com 
The Waco standoff had already begun by the time Janet Reno became the first female attorney general on March 12, 1993. She approved the FBI's tear gas plan the following month, explaining that negotiations with the Branch Davidians had stalemated and that the children inside the compound were at risk. 'We will never know whether there was a better solution,' Reno said in 1995. 'Everyone involved … made their best judgments based on all the information we had.' Nonetheless, a Republican-led congressional report called her decision 'premature, wrong and highly irresponsible.' She was also criticized when facts emerged contradicting some of her earlier statements.
The Tribune post continued to discuss Reno's position as a scapegoat:
Every day since she took office , she has been supervising at least one probe embarrassing to Clinton–Whitewater, fundraising, Lewinsky, China espionage, etc. Clinton can't afford the political beating he would take if he cashiered her.
…But no such attorney general could have survived the Clinton scandals, much less survived them with her own reputation–and her department's–intact.
Attorney Generals who have anything to do with the Clintons don't seem to fare too well. They end up so embroiled in Clinton scandals that they, too, are pulled down into the mire, regardless of what their intentions were when they started out.
Lynch can see her future…and it has something to do with 'Help Wanted' ads 
The last time Lynch was involved in the Clinton email kerfuffle, she promised to abide by FBI Director James Comey's recommendation.
I wonder if she'll make that same promise this time?
She really can't, because if she does, it will show she was complicit with the Clintons the last time around, and also this time when she decried Comey's release of information about the investigation.
I wonder if she and Hillary Clinton will be able to get adjoining cells when/if the truth comes out. Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by Daisy Luther of DaisyLuther.com . 

ARTICLE


If you're following the news, you know FBI Director James Comey announced that the FBI found a bunch of emails on Anthony Weiner's laptop.
As Dilbert Creator Scott Adams notes, there appears to be two main observations:
1. Comey seemed pro-Clinton when he dropped the initial email case.
2. Comey seems anti-Clinton this week because he announced a new round of investigations right before the election.
So, how can both behaviors be explained? 
First some background from Adams on 'The Persuasion Filter' :
As my regular readers know, the Persuasion Filter is related to the idea that the human brain never evolved to accurately comprehend reality . In order for us to be here today, our predecessors only needed to survive and procreate. They had no need to understand reality at any basic level. And we have no such need either. That's why you might believe you are reincarnated from a monk and I might believe my prophet flew to heaven on a winged horse but we can both get through the day just fine. Many different interpretations of reality are good enough for survival. I like to describe reality as each person living their own movie, which works well unless our script's conflict. When that happens, one of us goes into cognitive dissonance and rewrites our past to make the movies consistent. 
That's how I see the world.
Last year in this blog I suggested that the most productive and predictive way to view reality is through what I call the Persuasion Filter. That's what I have been using to make spooky-good predictions about the election so far. And that's what I'll use today to give you an alternate movie about James Comey. Compare it to the movie you are running in your head and see which one better predicts the future.
The base assumption of the Persuasion Filter is that people are irrational 90% of the time and only rarely – when no emotions are involved – truly rational. This is the reverse of the common filter for reality, in which people are assumed to be rational 90% of the time and a bit crazy 10% of the time. That's some background for context.
Read more here… 
So, back to Comey, Adams asks – which movie does the best job of explaining our observations and also predicting the future? 
Some say Comey is a political pawn in a rigged system. By that movie script we can explain why he dropped the initial email case. But we can't explain why he's acting against Clinton's interests now. What changed?
Well, some say Comey had to reopen the case against Clinton after discovering the Weiner laptop emails. If he failed to act, there might be a revolt at the FBI and maybe a whistleblower would come forward . But that leaves unexplained why Comey detailed to Congress how Clinton appeared to be guilty of crimes at the same time he said the FBI was dropping the case. If Comey had been protecting Clinton on the first round, he would have softened his description of her misdeeds, wouldn't he? But he didn't seem to hold back anything.
And none of those hypotheses explain why the people who know Comey have high regard for his integrity. Comey also has the security of a 10-year appointment as Director, so he has a low chance of getting fired or politically influenced. That's exactly why the job has a 10-year term. Given what we know of Comey before any of the Clinton emails, any movie that casts Comey as an ass-covering weasel is probably making a casting mistake.
So allow me to offer an interpretation of events that casts Comey as more of a patriot and hero than an ass-covering weasel. Compare my interpretation with whatever movie you have in your head and see which one works best for explaining and predicting.
My movie says Comey had good evidence against Clinton during the initial investigation but made a judgement call to leave the decision to the American public . For reasons of conscience, and acting as a patriot, Comey explained in clear language to the public exactly what evidence the FBI found against Clinton. The evidence looked damning because it was. Under this interpretation, Comey took a bullet to his reputation for the sake of the Republic. He didn't want the FBI to steal this important decision away from the people, but at the same time he couldn't let the people decide blind. So he divulged the evidence and stepped away, like the action hero who doesn't look back at the explosion. 
In the second act of this movie, Comey learns that the Weiner laptop had emails that were so damning it would be a crime against the public to allow them to vote without first seeing a big red flag. And a flag was the best he could do because it was too early in the investigation to leak out bits and pieces of the evidence. That would violate Clinton's rights.
But Comey couldn't easily raise a red flag to warn the public because it was against FBI policy to announce a criminal investigation about a candidate so close to election day. So Comey had a choice of either taking another bullet for the Republic or screwing the very country that he has spent his career protecting. 
In this movie, Comey did the hero thing. He alerted the public to the fact that the FBI found DISQUALIFYING information on the Weiner laptop. And he took a second bullet to his reputation. 
How do I know the new emails are that bad? 
I start by assuming Comey is the same man now as the one who was carefully vetted before being hired to protect the integrity of one of our most important institutions. And even Comey's critics concede he's smart. 
So…
The way you know the new emails are disqualifying for Clinton is because otherwise our hero would have privately informed Congress and honored the tradition of not influencing elections. Comey is smart enough to know his options. And unless he suddenly turned rotten at his current age, he's got the character to jump in front of a second bullet for the Republic.
According to this movie, no matter who gets elected, we'll eventually learn of something disqualifying in the Weiner emails.
And we can't say we weren't warned. Comey took two bullets to do it. 
So compare this movie to your own movie and see which one does the best job of explaining the observed facts. And when we find out what is in the Weiner laptop emails, compare that news to my prediction that the information is disqualifying.
The Persuasion Filter says there is no preferred reality. We all see our own movies. In my movie, Comey's has a consistent personality from start to finish. He starts out his career as a smart, competent patriot and he later proves it by taking two bullets for the Republic. If your movie script has Comey suddenly changing his basic character for this election season, don't expect an Oscar. 
Read more here… 
Of course if you're a Democrat, this is all irrelevant and Comey is 'A Putin puppet' (Howard Dean), 'a federal law-breaker who should never have been appointed' (Harry Reid), and 'a partisan, prejudiced individual' (Eric Holder)…
NEW: Former Attorney General Holder, dozens of other former DOJ officials pen letter criticizing FBI director Comey. https://t.co/aXmWvAiFMg pic.twitter.com/FskFeDpoyE 
— ABC News (@ABC) October 31, 2016 

You decide which makes more sense – Scott Adams' 'movie' or the real partisan hacks above? Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by Zero Hedge of www.zerohedge.com . 

ARTICLE


by Carey Wedler
A business owner in Manhattan is suing the city after being forced to waive his Fourth Amendment rights and potentially forfeit his business because an NYPD officer sold illegal goods at his store.
You read that right.
According to a lawsuit filed this month by the Institute for Justice, a libertarian legal advocacy group, an undercover NYPD detective attempted to sell stolen electronics to customers at Sung Cho's laundromat in Inwood, which located near the northern tip of Manhattan, in 2013. After the officer successfully sold stolen goods to two people — one inside the store and one outside — the city threatened Cho with eviction 'merely because a 'stolen property' offense had happened at his business,' the legal organization's website explained .
Institute for Justice (IJ), which takes on cases involving the suppression of free speech, eminent domain, and civil asset forfeiture, among other government encroachments, detailed Cho's case:
'The city presented Sung with a choice: See his business shut down or sign an agreement giving up constitutional rights—including his Fourth Amendment right to be free from warrantless searches of his business. Faced with the imminent closure of his laundromat, Sung had no real choice but to sign.'
Under the city's decades-old 'nuisance eviction ordinance,' residents and business owners can be evicted simply because an illegal act occurred on or near their property. Though the law was passed in the 1970s to target businesses that encourage illegal activity, like many laws, it has been abused.
'Under the ordinance, the identity of the criminal offender is irrelevant,' IJ explains. 'You can be evicted because a total stranger (or a friend or family member) decided your home or business was a good place to commit a crime.' 
According to IJ, 'in many cases, the 'proof' of the alleged criminal offense is an affidavit from an NYPD officer relaying vague allegations from unnamed confidential informants.' 

A joint investigation by ProPublica and the New York Daily News reported that in Cho's case, 'the police claimed in court filings that [his] business was facilitating an illegal fencing operation' because the undercover detective sold illegal goods there in 2013.
None of Cho's employees were ever accused of or charged with a crime.
Nevertheless, in cases like Cho's, the city often offers to drop the charges — but only if the defendant agrees to relinquish their constitutional rights. Some 'are forced to sign agreements waiving their Fourth Amendment rights,' IJ explains.
According to ProPublica and the Daily News :
'Cho agreed to give up his right to a hearing before being fined and agreeing to be shut down if police accuse anybody at his shop of breaking the law in the future. He also must allow the police to search his business and access his security footage at any time. The terms continue in perpetuity, and pass on to any new buyer or partner in Cho's business, which he said makes it essentially worthless.'
'I couldn't really defend myself, that's why we had to settle prior to going to the judge,' Cho said. 'Just because it happened nearby, under the law I am guilty, and that is not right.'
The ordinance is being abused in other ways, as well. As IJ explains:
'Others are forced to sign agreements barring family members from the home—including family members who have not been accused of any crime'
This was the case of Jameelah El-Shabazz, also represented in IJ's suit, who was forced to ban her son from her home. She was required to do so after he was falsely accused of possessing 45 cups of cocaine during a police search of a bedroom at her residence in 2011. Laboratory tests proved her son did not have cocaine or any other narcotic; she says the powder the NYPD found was crushed eggshells he uses for spiritual rituals.
Though no charges were ever pressed, 'four months later, she was served with the nuisance case and an order forcing her from her apartment while the case was being decided,' ProPublica and the New York Daily News reported.
She says that when she signed the agreement, she had no idea it meant she had to permanently ban her son from her home.
'I'm not going to make my son homeless because of the false accusations,' she said.
The ProPublica/Daily News investigation reports that of over 1,100 cases in which these notices were issued during 2013 and the first half of 2014, fewer than half of the individuals targeted had actually committed a crime. They reported the cases occurred 'almost exclusively' in black and Latino communities.
IJ's suit follows another similar lawsuit concerning a woman who was evicted from her home for four days after police claimed drugs were illegally sold there. As it turned out, those engaging in illegal activity had moved out eight months prior. Though Mayor Bill de Blasio responded to the lawsuit, saying he believes everyone is entitled to a fair trial, city attorney Nicholas Ciapetta claimed in a recent motion that the woman 'was not entitled to any additional process.' The city's law department said it has not yet seen IJ's new case filing.
Though the NYPD has amended its use of the ordinance to restrict full closures on homes while nuisance cases are still being decided, they continue to endorse the law. 'This is one of many important tools we use as part of precision policing to continue to drive down crime and protect the public,' Police Commissioner James P. O'Neill said .
But Cho disagrees. 'It's unfair,' he asserted . 'Unfair to me, unfair to all the investment that I made here, unfair to the employees that work here and support their families…it's New York City versus a little guy like me.' 
Robert Johnson, the lead attorney on the case representing Cho, El-Shabazz, and one other individual, strongly objected to the practice. 'The mere fact that someone's been arrested is just not a reason why they should be kicked out of an apartment,' he said. The case was filed in the United States Court for the Southern District of New York.
Johnson said IJ is prepared to take the case against the 'coercively obtained' settlements all the way to the Supreme Court. If they win, 'past waivers of constitutional rights will be declared unenforceable and, going forward, this practice will be put to an end once and for all.' Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by The Anti-Media of theantimedia.org . 
The 'Anti' in our name does not mean we are against the media, we are simply against the current mainstream paradigm. The current media, influenced by the industrial complex, is a top-down authoritarian system of distribution—the opposite of what Anti-Media aims to be. At Anti-Media, we want to offer a new paradigm—a bottom-up approach for real and diverse reporting. We seek to establish a space where the people are the journalists and a venue where independent journalism moves forward on a larger and more truthful scale. 

ARTICLE

Sheeple News Shot: Joe Joseph discusses drills that are kicking off in the Balkans by NATO and Russia. These drills are happening at the same time and in the same region.

Watch on YouTube 
Source: Russia, NATO to Hold Parallel Drills in the Balkans Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by The Daily Sheeple of www.TheDailySheeple.com . 
This content may be freely reproduced in full or in part in digital form with full attribution to the author and a link to www.TheDailySheeple.com. 

ARTICLE

Joe Joseph dissects more evidence of a rigged 2016 election. More and more reasons to not participate in an utterly broken system!

Watch on YouTube 
Source: Donna Brazile Shared Additional Debate Questions With Clinton Campaign, Identified Her Tipster 
Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by The Daily Sheeple of www.TheDailySheeple.com . 
This content may be freely reproduced in full or in part in digital form with full attribution to the author and a link to www.TheDailySheeple.com. 

ARTICLE


By Claire Bernish
Congress would rather protect the profits of pharmaceutical companies than the health of those addicted to dangerous opioid drugs, says a former head of the DEA responsible for preventing abuse of medications.
Joseph Rannazzisi, former Deputy Assistant Administrator at the U.S. Drug Enforcement Agency, asserts Big Pharma and its lobbyists have a 'stranglehold' on legislators in Congress and have engineered the protection of a $9 billion per year industry over the health of American citizens, according to a report from the Guardian .
'Congress would rather listen to people who had a profit motive rather than a public health and safety motive,' he said, according to the outlet. 'As long as the industry has this stranglehold through lobbyists, nothing's going to change.' 
Rannazzisi explained lobbyists have spent millions thwarting legislative and policy efforts to provide guidelines for reducing the prescribing of opioid medications closely related to heroin — and helped limit the DEA's powers to discipline those who dispense unusually high dosages of the same.
A pharmacist himself, Rannazzisi severely criticized lawmakers he claims hold a double standard — publicly vowing to combat the opioid epidemic, while essentially working on behalf of pharmaceutical companies to ensure the industry's profits.
'These congressmen and senators who are using this because they are up for re-election, it's a sham,' he told the Guardian . 'The congressmen and senators who are championing this fight, the ones who really believe in what they're doing, their voices are drowned out because the industry has too much influence.' 
With the unique insight of having been an insider, Rannazzisi excoriated the duplicity evidenced between legislators' public lamentation of addiction and deaths from the opioid crisis during election years, and private efforts to protect drugmakers from liability.
And he would know. According to Rannazzisi's LinkedIn profile, as Chief of Diversion, he had been tasked with 'oversight and control of all regulatory compliance inspections and civil and criminal investigations of approximately 1.6 million DEA registrants' — but if the standards are lowered by Congress to allow greater leeway in prescribing opioids, the threshold of criminality is raised.
As the Guardian points out, legislation to fight the opioid epidemic, Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act , did, in fact, pass in July — but partisan controversy erupted when Republicans failed to provide funding to give the law sharp teeth. Democrats then issued a report titled ' Dying Waiting for Treatment ' in response, which 'likened the Republican response to the opioid crisis to 'using a piece of chewing gum to patch a cracked dam.'' 
Indeed the report sharply criticized the bill, equating its policies to 'empty promises' for the lack of financial follow-through.
As the Washington Post detailed in a report earlier this month, the DEA launched an aggressive campaign to rein in distribution of opioids by pharmaceutical manufacturers to illegal 'pill mills' and corrupt pharmacies, who cared little whether the drugs wound up on the streets.
Headed by Rannazzisi, the Office of Diversion Control sent investigators into the field, and began issuing hefty fines and filing lawsuits against the distributors responsible for the proliferation of opioids on the streets.
But the disproportionately powerful pharmaceutical industry — fearing a potential significant loss in profits — fought back. Hard.
According to the Post , the deputy attorney general summoned Rannazzisi to a meeting in 2012, concerning the cases of two unnamed major drug companies.
'That meeting was to chastise me for going after industry, and that's all that meeting was about,' the now-retired DEA official told the Post .
Then, in 2014, came what constituted a hand out to the pharmaceutical industry by the Department of Justice and congressional legislators: the Ensuring Patient Access and Effective Drug Enforcement Act — legislation initiated by the Healthcare Distribution Management Association — the industry group representing distributors at the heart of the controversy.
An analysis of lobbying records by the Post found 'the Healthcare Distribution Alliance, spent $13 million lobbying House and Senate members and their staffs on the legislation and other issues between 2014 and 2016.' 
Rannazzisi argued his case to congressional staffers in a phone conference in July 2014, and recalled telling them, 'This bill passes the way it's written we won't be able to get immediate suspension orders, we won't be able to stop the hemorrhaging of these drugs out of these bad pharmacies and these bad corporations.' 
Stunned at the massive — and ultimately successful — effort to take the bite out of DEA attempts to hold distributors and drugmakers responsible for their role in an epidemic estimated to take 19,000 lives every year, Rannazzisi likened the legislation to a 'free pass' for legal drug pushers.
'This doesn't ensure patient access and it doesn't help drug enforcement at all,' he told the Guardian. 'What this bill does has nothing to do with the medical process. What this bill does is take away DEA's ability to go after a pharmacist, a wholesaler, manufacturer or distributor.' 
'This was a gift. A gift to the industry,' he added.
After heading the diversion office for a decade, Rannazzisi retired in 2015 — likely disgusted over legislators' dedication to the legal drug industry, rather than the people whose interests they're ostensibly obligated to protect.
'The bill passed because 'Big Pharma' wanted it to pass,' he told the Guardian in no uncertain terms. 'The DEA is both an enforcement agency and a regulatory agency. When I was in charge what I tried to do was explain to my investigators and my agents that our job was to regulate the industry and they're not going to like being regulated.' 
Big Pharma relies overwhelmingly on lobbyists filling the coffers of politicians to ensure they ignore the crisis gripping the nation. As the Center for Public Integrity found , the Guardian noted, Purdue Pharma — at the heart of the epidemic for its highly-addictive drug introduced in the late 1990s, OxyContin — spent a breathtaking $740 million in the last ten years on congressional lobbying efforts.
However, Big Pharma's power to influence policy and legislation extends far beyond simple but effective lobbying — the government-run Interagency Pain Research Coordinating Committee (IPRCC) has been accused by Sen. Ron Wyden of being a tool to 'weaken' CDC guidelines for limiting overprescribing of opioids.
Wyden wrote to Secretary of Health and Human Services Sylvia Burwell of his concerns the IPRCC had been staffed with 'experts' with conflicts of interest for their close ties to Big Pharma, including a scientist with a $1.5 million endowment from Purdue, reported the Guardian .
'You've got a panel that's certainly got a fair number of people that have a vested interest in this problem of overprescribing. That's something you've got to root out,' Wyden asserted . 'The role of the pharmaceutical companies on these advisory panels troubles me greatly. Science is getting short shrift compared to the political clout of these influential interests.' 
Families of countless addicts and victims of the opioid industry would undoubtedly find the direct influence of Big Pharma's pro-opioid cash appalling — yet it continues to this day. Policies and legislation have not yet been given the appropriate funding needed to effectively combat the problem, which swirls out of control while politicians and drugmakers reap blood-tainted profits.
'Corporations have no conscience,' Rannazzisi flatly told the Guardian . 'Unfortunately, with my job, I was the guy who had to go out and talk to families that lost kids. If one of those CEOs went out there and talked to anybody, or if one of those CEOs happened to lose a kid to this horrible, horrible domestic tragedy we have, I'd bet you they'd change their mind. 
'When you sit with a parent who can't understand why there's so many pharmaceuticals out in the illicit marketplace, and why isn't the government doing anything, well the DEA was doing something. Unfortunately what we're trying to do is thwarted by people who are writing laws.' Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by The Free Thought Project of thefreethoughtproject.com . 
The Free Thought Project is dedicated to holding those who claim authority over our lives accountable. 

ARTICLE


Just c all it the Sheik shake down… 
* * *
In one of the more prominent early Podesta email revelations , we learned that Sheik Mohammed Hussein Ali Al-'Amoudi , a Saudi Arabian and Ethiopian billionaire businessman, whose net worth was estimated by Forbes at $8.3 billion as of 2016, was one of the very generous donors to the Clinton Foundation… up to a point.
As a November 2011 email from Ira Magaziner, Vice Chairman and CEO of the Clinton Health Access Initiative, sent to John Podesta and Amitabh Desai, Director of Foreign Policy at the Clinton Foundation, revealed, the 'CHAI [Clinton Health Access Initiative] would like to request that President Clinton call Sheik Mohammed to thank him for offering his plane to the conference in Ethiopia and expressing regrets that President Clinton's schedule does not permit him to attend the conference.'
To this, the response by Desai was a simple one: ' Unless Sheikh Mo has sent us a $6 million check, this sounds crazy to do. '
At this point, Doug Band, Bill Clinton's former chief advisor and current president of the infamous Teneo Holding Doug Band, chimed in that it probably is a good idea: 'If he doesn't do it Chai will say he didn't give the money bc of wjc' an assessment which John Podesta agreed with: 'this seems rather easy and harmless and not a big time sink.'
* * *
To be sure, this exchange suggested that a substantial amount of cash had or was about to be exchanged between the Clinton Foundation and the Saudi 'Sheikh Mo', as shown in the photo below.

However, the details were missing: the original email from Ira Magaziner referenced a specific briefing memo which contained in it the talking points updating on the relationship between the Clinton Foundation and The Saudi billionaire:
Ed Wood has prepared a briefing memo for President Clinton about the call which is attached
Now, courtesy of today's latest Podesta email release, we have access to the missing memo .
The leaked memo lays out the facts on the Clinton Foundation trying to collect on Sheik Mohammed's overdue donor commitment to CHAI. Notably, the memo gives the inference of the Sheik being shaken down by the Foundation in that the Foundation was demanding an immediate $6 million payment in return for WJC attending the 2011 International Conference on AIDS and STIs (ICASA) event. Additionally the Foundation apparently enlisted the assistance of the US Ambassador to Ethiopia to obtain payments from the Sheik.
The memo initially lays out Bill Clinton's history with the Sheik:
In the first bullet point we find what the initial 'bid' and 'ask' would be between WJC/CF and the Saudi billionaire: $2 million for every year that Bill Clinton visit Ethiopia. This, however, was subsequently changed to an agreement whereby the Saudi would give $2 million per year but without any reference to visiting Ethiopia:
Sheik Mohammed approached CHAI in 2006 shortly after we opened an office in Addis Ababa. He proposed that he would give $2 million to CHAI every year that YOU visited Ethiopia . We eventually negotiated an Agreement with his Washington attorney, George Salem, in which he agreed to fund CHAI at a rate of $2 million per year for 10 years . They rejected any proposals to put a payment schedule in the agreement, but dropped any reference tying the donation to YOU visiting Ethiopia .
The next bullet lays out the initial fund transfer of $2 million in London, as well as the broad terms of the agreement whose 'requirement is that the money be spent within Ethiopia.' Amusingly, the memo then notes that during negotiations the Saudi delegation 'rejected our proposal that some of the money could be used for global overhead. '
The Agreement was officially signed at a meeting in London in May 2007 by the Sheik and Bruce, after which the Sheik presented you with a a check for $2 million for the 2007 payment. The Agreement is very general and does not require any specific proposals from CHAI for how the money will be spent or any reporting. The only requirement is that the money be spent within Ethiopia. During negotiations they rejected our proposal that some of the money could be used for global overhead.
We then learn that more cash transfers took place in the coming years, despite the Sheik having 'cash flow problems' which resulted in a bulk payment of $4 million in 2010 for missed payments in 2008 and 2009.
Through 2008 and early 2009, we were told the Sheik was having some cash flow problems and that he was delaying payments for many commercial and philanthropic commitments he had in Ethiopia. In January 2010 at a Foundation donors meeting in Harlem, Ambassador Irvin Hicks, one of the Sheik's representatives in the U.S. and a former Ethiopian ambassador appointed by YOU presented to YOU a check for $4 million representing payment for 2008 and 2009. 
The memo then tells WJC just why the relationship was created in the first place: 'The Sheik's contribution supports most of CHAI's activities in Ethiopia, one of its most important and successful country programs.'
A section then follow which reminds Bill Clinton just who Sheikh Mohammed is, and that the two had spent time together in his 'private suite at a nightclub attached to the Sheraton' in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia:
YOU first met the Sheik in July 2006 during a visit to Addis. He visited your suite in the Sheraton Hotel, which he owns, for coffee and then after dinner YOU dropped into his private suite at a nightclub attached to the Sheraton. He had invited YOU there especially because he thought you would enjoy the saxophone player . You chatted with the Sheik and played the saxophone with the band. Shortly after this visit negotiations began in earnest regarding the $20 million commitment the Sheik has made to CHAI. 
YOU met the Sheik in London in May, 2007, at which time the Agreement was signed and the first $2 million check was received.
YOU stayed at the Sheraton in July 2008 during your last Ethiopia visit, but the Sheik was not in Ethiopia at the time. The Sheik donated the rooms and meals for the large party during an extended four-day visit, two days longer than originally planned because of aircraft problems .
Where things get interesting is in the memo's discussion of the current (as of November 2011) situation, in which we learn that once again the Saudi billionaire was behind on his payments due to the current economic downturn:
Once again, we are told that the current economic down turn has caused the Sheik to delay payments for several commitments. CHAI has not received the 2010 or 2011 payments . We have contacted both George Salem, the lawyer, and Ambassador Hicks regarding payment. Both say that the Sheik will make the payment but they have not been able to pinpoint an exact date.
Recent complications did not make matters any easier, although the Sheikh had enough cash to provide Bill with a plane to attend the upcoming African AIDS conference:
In the past two months the effort to collect the payments for 2010-2011 has become complicated by factors surrounding ICASA, the biennial large African AIDS conference that will be held in Ethiopia the first week of December. The previous two ICASA conference in Nigeria and Senegal were beset by logistical and financial problems and Prime Minister Meles and Minister of Health Tedros have worked hard to make the Ethiopia ICASA the most successful ever. They have enlisted Sheik Mohammed to help and he has donated the venue and paid for an additional $8-10 million of expenses.
Minister Tedros invited YOU to participate in ICASA, and apparently he or someone else connected with ICASA asked the Sheik if he would provide a plane to bring YOU to Ethiopia for the event. The Sheik agreed to provide a plane, and instructed Ambassador Hicks to tell CHAI one would be available. 
Where things get hot, and where the Clinton Foundation is accused of 'coercion' by the Sheik's Washington attorney George Salem, is in the negotiation over whether Clinton should come to Ethiopia without having been wired the funds up front, or if he should assume that the billionaire is 'good for the money' and just fly out there on good will.
When George Salem spoke with the Sheik about the payment, he was told by the Sheik to make sure YOU knew that the Sheik would very much like for you to attend ICASA and that he would provide transportation. In response, Bruce told George that if the Sheik would wire $6 million to the Foundation for 2010-2012 that he would make sure YOU attended ICASA. After Bruce's stroke, George told Ed Wood of CHAI that the Sheik said he did not like 'coercion' and that we should know that he was 'good for the money .' George reiterated that the money would be paid, but could not give a date.
The Sheik seems to feel that we asked him for transportation and then decided not to use it. George and Ambassador Hicks have been told that the request for transportation did not originate with us, but we are not sure that the message reached the Sheik.
Ultimately the negotiations for Clinton flying to Ethiopia stalled, and appear to have fallen apart, leading to the original quote from the Clinton Foundation's Amitabh Desai in which he said, as we noted earlier this month, that ' Unless Sheikh Mo has sent us a $6 million check, this sounds crazy to do. ' As a result, the memo gives WJC the following action point:
George Salem, Ambassador Hicks, and CHAI feel that it would be helpful if you would call the Sheik and thank him for offering the plane and saying you are sorry you can't attend ICASA. We don't think it is necessary for YOU to bring up the payment issue directly.
The memo concludes with the following talking points:
YOU should thank the Sheik for his support of all our efforts in Ethiopia, and especially for offering to provide a plane to bring you to the ICASA meeting. YOU should express your regrets that you were not able to arrange your schedule to attend the ICASA meeting since you know how important it is to Ethiopia and to the Sheik. You should express your appreciation that he has helped make this event possible during a difficult time for the international AIDS effort. YOU should say you hope to be able to visit with the Sheik again soon either in Ethiopia or elsewhere. * * *
This memo provides valuable insight into just how the 'charitable' Clinton Foundation truly operated: absent being made whole on millions of dollars in payments – by a donor who had already provided it with $6 million in the past – the 'so very concerned' about AIDS and African welfare Foundation, would not even bother to fly Bill Clinton for a 1-2 day trip – on someone else's dime – to something as simple, yet noble, as a healthcare conference: precisely what the Foundation, and Bill Clinton's presence, is supposed to represent and support.
It also shows that when the Foundation found itself in arrears to a prominent donor, it first and only concern was how to get paid; all else – up to and including doing the absolute minimum such as appearing for a good cause, was secondary and – as the memo documents – ultimately irrelevant unless Clinton and the CF were both generously compensated for their efforts.
And that, in a nutshell is what the 'generous and charitable' Clinton foundation was all about: make sure to get the money, the rest simply did not matter.
The full hacked memo is below and the source email can be found here . 
WJC Sheik Talking Points 11 22 11 by zerohedge on Scribd
Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by Zero Hedge of www.zerohedge.com . 

ARTICLE


The Deep State's most prescient elements must derail Hillary's campaign to clear a path to Trump's executive team. 
Back in August, I asked Could the Deep State Be Sabotaging Hillary? I think we now have a definitive answer: 'These blast points on Hillary's campaign… too accurate for the Mainstream Media. Only the forces of the Imperial Deep State are so precise.'

The Mainstream Media is presenting the FBI investigation as a 'lose-lose' situation for embattled FBI Director Comey. If Comey remained quiet until after the election, he would be accused of colluding with the Clinton campaign and its allies in the Department of Justice (sic).
But in going public, he stands accused by Democrats of 'intervening in an election,' i.e. raising doubts about Hillary's judgement and veracity days before Americans go to the polls.
Another narrative has Comey's hand forced by the threat of disgusted FBI agents leaking information that would show the FBI caved into political pressure from the Democratic Party and Clinton campaign to keep relevant material out of the public eye until after the election.
I submit another much more powerful dynamic is in play: the upper ranks of the Deep State now view Hillary as an unacceptable liability. The word came down to Comey to act whether he wanted to or not, i.e. take one for the good of the nation/Deep State/Imperial Project.
As a refresher: the Deep State is the unelected government (also called the invisible or shadow government) that is not as monolithic as generally assumed.
The neo-conservative globalists who want Hillary to continue pushing their agenda are the more visible camp, but another less visible but highly motivated camp realizes Hillary and her neo-con agenda would severely damage the nation's security and its global influence. It is this camp that is arranging for Hillary to lose.
The consensus view seems to be that the Establishment and the Deep State see Trump as a loose cannon who might upset the neo-con apple cart by refusing to toe the neo-con line.
This view overlooks the reality that significant segments of the Deep State view the neo-con strategy as an irredeemable failure. To these elements of the Deep State, Hillary is a threat precisely because she embraces the failed neo-con strategy and those who cling to it. From this point of view, Hillary as president would be an unmitigated disaster for the Deep State and the nation/Imperial Project it governs.
Whatever else emerges from the emails being leaked or officially released, one conclusion is inescapable: Hillary's judgement is hopelessly flawed. Combine her lack of judgement with her 24 years of accumulated baggage and her potential to push the neo-con agenda to the point of global disaster, and you get a potent need for the Deep State's most prescient elements to derail her campaign and clear a path to Trump's executive team.
Once this path is clear, the management of Trump's executive team can begin in earnest, a management process aimed at disengaging the nation and its global Empire from neo-con overreach.
If you think this scenario is 'impossible,' let's see how the election plays out before deciding what's 'impossible' and what's inevitable. Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by Charles Hugh Smith of Of Two Minds . 

ARTICLE

This is a Daily News Brief for all of the civil servants out there who are just 'doing their job'. I was (up until recently) one of those people.
I learned first hand that no matter how good you are at your job, how much you save the taxpayer, and how many times you've saved your boss or the 'higher ups' from getting in trouble, when you need them to stick their neck out for you, they just hang you out to dry.
Huma Abedin is learning that firsthand now too… and Donna Brazile…The loyalty you feel in your heart to your country, or county is not reciprocated to you in your time of need. The Powers That Shouldn't Be don't give a rats patoot about you. I hope this Daily News Brief serves as a wake up call to all those who serve.

Watch on YouTube 
Sources: 
Now Huma Is Just 'One of My Staffers' After Close Aide Gets Left Behind on Ohio Campaign Trip While Hillary Keeps up Her War on the FBI in Defiance of White House Backing for Comey 
CNN Cuts Ties With Donna Brazile After Hacked Emails Show She Gave Clinton Campaign Debate Questions 
The Globalization Of Media: A Failing Strike Force 
Media Deception: You Are Not Getting the Truth Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by The Daily Sheeple of www.TheDailySheeple.com . 
This content may be freely reproduced in full or in part in digital form with full attribution to the author and a link to www.TheDailySheeple.com. 

ARTICLE


Another day, another scandal…but this one might turn out to be the most damaging so far.
On October 28, FBI director James Comey informed the Senate Judiciary Committee via letter that the agency would be re-opening its investigation into Hillary Clinton's use of a private email server.
Comey wrote:
In connection with an unrelated case, the FBI has learned of the existence of emails that appear to be pertinent to the investigation … I agreed that the FBI should take appropriate investigative steps designed to allow investigators to review these emails to determine whether they contain classified information, as well as to assess their importance to our investigation.
Later that day, The New York Times provided an intriguing update:
Emails from Hillary Clinton's private server were found after the F.B.I. seized electronic devices once shared by Anthony D. Weiner and his estranged wife, Huma Abedin, a top aide to Mrs. Clinton, federal law enforcement officials said Friday.
The F.B.I. is investigating illicit text messages that Mr. Weiner, a former Democratic congressman from New York, sent to a 15-year-old girl in North Carolina. The bureau told Congress on Friday that it had uncovered new emails related to the Clinton case — one federal official said they numbered in the thousands — potentially reigniting an issue that has weighed on the presidential campaign and offering a lifeline to Donald J. Trump less than two weeks before the election.
Now, Weiner is reportedly cooperating with the FBI…and gave them a laptop that he shared with his estranged wife…which means no warrant is necessary to search that particular device.
Is it possible that he will get some sort of deal based on an agreement to testify?
One can't help but wonder what the FBI is going to find on that laptop. There are a reported 650,000 emails to scour through. It will take weeks – possibly longer – to sort through them, and the election is just days away.
There's a particularly disturbing rumor circulating about the emails…
Rumors stirring in the NYPD that Huma's emails point to a pedophila ring and @HillaryClinton is at the center. #GoHillary #PodestaEmails23 pic.twitter.com/gkEH5oL269 
— David Goldberg (@DavidGoldbergNY) October 30, 2016 

I would not report this unless I was 100% sure – known this source 15+ years
— Greg Hilliard (@UnityActivist) October 31, 2016 

Now, to clarify again – this IS just a rumor – unsubstantiated as of now. 
And it sounds preposterous…until you consider that child sex rings among the powerful elite have been reported for years. Bill Clinton has been linked with a convicted billionaire pedophile named Jeffrey Epstein , who pimped out underage girls to powerful men. Flight logs show that Clinton was a frequent flyer on the registered sex offender's infamous jet.
In May, Fox News reported :
…flight logs showing the former president taking at least 26 trips aboard the 'Lolita Express' — even apparently ditching his Secret Service detail for at least five of the flights, according to records obtained by FoxNews.com.
…trips between 2001 and 2003 included extended junkets around the world with Epstein and fellow passengers identified on manifests by their initials or first names, including 'Tatiana.' The tricked-out jet earned its Nabakov-inspired nickname because it was reportedly outfitted with a bed where passengers had group sex with young girls.
Conchita Sarnoff of the Washington, D.C. based non-profit Alliance to Rescue Victims of Trafficking and author of a book on the Epstein case told Fox:
Bill Clinton … associated with a man like Jeffrey Epstein, who everyone in New York, certainly within his inner circles, knew was a pedophile. Why would a former president associate with a man like that?
Also from Fox:
Epstein, who counts among his pals royal figures, heads of state, celebrities and fellow billionaires, spent 13 months in prison and home detention for solicitation and procurement of minors for prostitution. He allegedly had a team of traffickers who procured girls as young as 12 to service his friends on 'Orgy Island,' an estate on Epstein's 72-acre island, called Little St. James, in the U.S. Virgin Islands.
Why didn't Epstein face harsher punishment?
Remember, he's a billionaire with friends in high places.
More shocking details from Fox:
The U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of Florida prepared charging documents that accused Epstein of child sex abuse, witness tampering and money laundering, but Epstein took a plea deal before an indictment could be handed up.
On Sept. 24, 2007, in a deal shrouded in secrecy that left alleged victims shocked at its leniency, Epstein agreed to a 30-month sentence, including 18 months of jail time and 12 months of house arrest and the agreement to pay dozens of young girls under a federal statute providing for compensation to victims of child sexual abuse.
In exchange, the U.S. Attorney's Office promised not to pursue any federal charges against Epstein or his co-conspirators.
Florida attorney Brad Edwards, who represented some of Epstein's alleged victims, is suing the federal government over the secret non-prosecution agreement in hopes of having it overturned. Edwards claimed in court records that the government and Epstein concealed the deal from the victims 'to prevent them from voicing any objection, and to avoid the firestorm of controversy that would have arisen if it had become known that the Government was immunizing a politically-connected billionaire and all of his co-conspirators from prosecution of hundreds of federal sex crimes against minor girls.'
Oh, but there's more . According to the pilots' logbooks, which surfaced in civil litigation surrounding Epstein's crimes, this happened in 2002…
…Clinton, his aide Doug Band, and Clinton's Secret Service detail are listed on a flight from Japan to Hong Kong with Epstein, Maxwell, Kellen, and two women described only as 'Janice' and 'Jessica.' One month later, records show, Clinton hopped a ride from Miami to Westchester on a flight that also included Epstein, Maxwell, Kellen, and a woman described only as 'one female.'
Why hasn't Donald Trump added Bill's Epstein ties to his arsenal against Hillary? He's brought up the women who have accused Bill of sexual assault and rape.
Why would he leave out Epstein?
Probably because Trump also knows Epstein – very well, actually – as reported in a 2002 New York magazine profile titled Jeffrey Epstein: International Moneyman of Mystery :
Epstein likes to tell people that he's a loner, a man who's never touched alcohol or drugs, and one whose nightlife is far from energetic. And yet if you talk to Donald Trump, a different Epstein emerges. 'I've known Jeff for fifteen years. Terrific guy,' Trump booms from a speakerphone. 'He's a lot of fun to be with. It is even said that he likes beautiful women as much as I do, and many of them are on the younger side. No doubt about it — Jeffrey enjoys his social life.'
Trump's name and contact information is in Epstein's black book – but so are the names and contact information for MANY other prominent and influential people, including Prince Bandar of Saudi Arabia, Tony Blair, former Utah governor and Republican presidential candidate Jon Huntsman, Senator Edward Kennedy, Henry Kissinger, David Koch and Pepe Fanjul, according to a report by Vice .
In 2010 , Epstein pled the Fifth when asked by a lawyer representing one of Epstein's victims about his relationship with Trump:
Q: Have you ever had a personal relationship with Donald Trump?
A. What do you mean by 'personal relationship,' sir?
Q. Have you socialized with him?
A. Yes, sir.
Q. Yes?
A. Yes, sir.
Q. Have you ever socialized with Donald Trump in the presence of females under the age of 18?
A: Though I'd like to answer that question, at least today I'm going to have to assert my Fifth, Sixth, and 14th Amendment rights, sir.
Both Trump and Epstein are named in a lawsuit for the rape of a 13-year old girl who is using the name Katie Johnson that allegedly occurred at a 'sex party' way back in 1994, but the veracity of the case has yet to be determined. Judge Ronnie Abrams has scheduled an initial status conference in the civil lawsuit for December 16 in a New York district court.
Trump has vociferously denied the accusations. Epstein, an associate of the UK's Prince Andrew who was convicted of underage sex crimes in Florida in 2008, has also denied the allegations. A lawyer for the Trump Organization told the Guardian in July: 'This is basically a sham lawsuit brought by someone who desires to impact the presidential election.'
Edwards, who has represented Epstein victims, spoke with Johnson and declined to take her case, as The Daily Beast reported:
Concerning Trump's involvement in Epstein's illicit affairs, Edwards said he hadn't seen any evidence that would implicate the GOP nominee and described Trump as 'extremely helpful and honest,' during questioning.
In 2014 , another young woman filed a lawsuit claiming that Epstein used her as a sex slave for his powerful friends—and that she'd been at parties on his private island with Bill Clinton.
Epstein also reportedly donated money to the Clinton Foundation – even after he was convicted.
****
Back in July, a 4chan user by the name of FBI Anon shared some inside information, which was then posted on Reddit .
When asked if Hillary sold weapons and favors from the State Department for cash to our enemies, FBI Anon replied : 'Weapons, favors, intelligence, and people.' 
When asked what the Clinton Foundation does, FBI Anon replied: 'Sold intel, favors, and people to anyone willing to pay.' 
Regarding a possible Hillary indictment, FBI Anon said , 'There is enough for her and the entire government to be brought down. People do not realize how enormous this whole situation actually is. Whether she will be or not depends on how much info about others involved gets out, and there are a lot of people involved.' 
More quotes from FBI Anon:
'The real point of interest is the Clinton Foundation, not the email server. We received the server from Benghazi, then from the server we found data on the CF. Then we realized the situation is much worse than previously thought.' 
'The DOJ is most likely looking to save itself. Find everyone involved in the Clinton Foundation, from its donors to its Board of Directors, and imagine they are all implicated.' 
(Could this be why the DOJ tried to stop the investigation into the Clinton Foundation?)
'My message to you and everyone on this board is do not get distracted by Clinton's emails. Focus on the Foundation. All the nightmarish truth is there. The emails will pale in comparison.' 
More, from page 2 :
When asked if the people leading the investigation are blackmailed pedophiles: 'No. The people under the magnifying glass do have an affinity for children.' 
When asked what would happen if all of the information regarding the Clinton Foundation was released to the public: 'Total chaos. The government would be exposed at every layer, who pays who, who buys what, and no one has yet asked about the human trafficking bits I have been laying out.' 
When asked if members of Congress own strip clubs and have their own sex slaves?: 'Epstein.' 
'Pedophiles and sex traffickers everywhere. Many politicians trade girls like cattle.' 
'BC (Bill Clinton) is a confirmed pedo.' 
'Sex rings are popular in all governments, but pedophilia is primarily in British parliament & Saudi Arabia, and that's why HRC and BC love foreign donors so much. They get paid in children as well as money. Dig deep and you can find it. It will sicken you.' 
Of course, all of this could be fabricated by a person pretending to have inside information. We may never know the truth. But if these claims are true, they are deeply disturbing. 
****
In August 2015, Trump made an interesting prediction…
It came out that Huma Abedin knows all about Hillary's private illegal emails. Huma's PR husband, Anthony Weiner, will tell the world.
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 3, 2015 

What will the emails (and perhaps other information) on Weiner's devices reveal?
Will it be more revelations regarding play-for pay schemes, election rigging, or email-scrubbing?
Or will something more sinister be uncovered?
Hillary has called for the FBI to release details about the latest probe to the public 'Immediately.'
Could that be because she knows they WON'T publicize the information if it would bring down MANY of her government colleagues and cause mass chaos and disruption?
Time will tell.
It would be something, though – wouldn't it – if both Clintons were brought down by misbehaving weiners?
Oh, and speaking of perverted folks…
Two days ago, during an interview with Michael Smerconish of CNN, Creepy Uncle Joe Biden learned, on live TV, that the new emails being reviewed by the FBI are related to the investigation of Anthony Weiner. Watch his response.
Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by Lily Dane of The Daily Sheeple . 
Lily Dane is a staff writer for The Daily Sheeple. Her goal is to help people to 'Wake the Flock Up!' 

ARTICLE


By Nick Bernabe
The struggle to stop the Dakota Access Pipeline has been mired in police brutality and militarization. In fact, many have likened the atmosphere in Standing Rock, North Dakota, to a war zone.
The corporate media initially refused to cover the Dakota Access Pipeline protests, though the ongoing story's virality on social media eventually forced it into the mainstream. Even now that the #NoDAPL movement has developed into a national political narrative, the media continues to whitewash the severity of the crackdown against the Native American protesters, who call themselves 'water protectors.'
Below are 10 images I have come across (while closely following the Dakota Access Pipeline protests for Anti-Media ) that narrate the struggle at Standing Rock:

85 years old elder wheeled travelled miles just to support and stand against pipeline. Bless are ones #NoDAPL pic.twitter.com/0sHpGAHSNw 
— ❌ making a stand (@61_alvin) October 15, 2016 

Live from #StandingRock #NoDAPL prayer ceremony/drum circle on road blocked by police for DAPL workers- making clear who they serve&protect pic.twitter.com/tD3iUzcm3g 
— NYC Revolution Club (@NYCRevClub) October 29, 2016 

A young Native American girl has a message for President Obama 
. @POTUS Your silence is deafening. #NoDAPL pic.twitter.com/eypYJvfHmc 
— People For Bernie (@People4Bernie) October 27, 2016 

This initial crackdown at the Standing Rock camp shortly after the activation of the North Dakota National Guard. 

Battle lines are drawn. 

A tribal elder conducts a water ceremony in front of the police line. 
#NoDAPL 
Picture speaks volumes! pic.twitter.com/dQF2xVEVMU 
— Native Life ☄#NoDAPL (@_Native_Life) October 27, 2016 

tweet

A woman is violently arrested by militarized law enforcement 
Five police officers beat one elderly woman as 117 water protectors arrested yesterday. Terrible scenes coming out of North Dakota. #NoDAPL pic.twitter.com/xFjvdBEuNB 
— Stephen George Rae (@StephenGeoRae) October 28, 2016 

As frustration mounts, two National Guards trucks are set on fire. 

Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by The Anti-Media of theantimedia.org . 
The 'Anti' in our name does not mean we are against the media, we are simply against the current mainstream paradigm. The current media, influenced by the industrial complex, is a top-down authoritarian system of distribution—the opposite of what Anti-Media aims to be. At Anti-Media, we want to offer a new paradigm—a bottom-up approach for real and diverse reporting. We seek to establish a space where the people are the journalists and a venue where independent journalism moves forward on a larger and more truthful scale. 

ARTICLE


As of October 29, there have been at least 141 arrests of peaceful protesters at the Standing Rock Reservation who are attempting to stop the Dakota Access Pipeline (DAPL), which poses a major threat to the drinking water of all people at Standing Rock.
Paid for by Energy Transfer Partners , parent company to Dakota Access LLC, the DAPL is set to be embedded in a sacred burial ground at Standing Rock. This is the same area where DAPL security used attack dogs on peaceful people to intimidate protesters. Police snipers were seen peaking out of armored vehicles, aiming directly at unarmed protesters.
These water protectors have been brutalized by officers who are using the color of law to help Dakota Access LLC trample on the the 1851 treaty between the US and the Cheyenne, Sioux, Arapaho, Crow, Assiniboine, Mandan, Hidatsa, and Arikara nations.

Protesters who were arrested had handcuffs or zipties placed fixed to their wrists, they were stuffed into cages made for dogs and over-crowded cells, and they had numbers written on their arms, many of them having been brutally assaulted, tazed or even maced. Women were strip-searched in front of male officers. According to protesters, an elderly woman who had diabetes had blood sugar level of 488, which is dangerously high, and she was given no medical attention; they merely released her to deal with whatever health complications she had completely on her own.
Zip ties were used to bind people's hands, and a number of protesters reported that these zip ties were tied so tightly around protester's wrists that their hands were turning purple as a result of reduced blood circulation.
Cars in the area were impounded. Officers had accessed the vehicles, allegedly to search them, but protesters are concerned that officers would be able to plant contraband in order to expand the charges against protesters.
Over the weekend, an anonymous donor gave $173,000 to bail out protesters from jail.
The International Indian Treaty Council has been listening to testimony over the past two days about human rights violations at Standing Rock. Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by Ryan Banister of The Daily Sheeple . 

ARTICLE


'The people have the power, all we have to do is awaken that power in the people. The people are unaware. They're not educated to realize that they have power. The system is so geared that everyone believes the government will fix everything. We are the government .' —John Lennon
How do you balance the scales of justice at a time when Americans are being tasered, tear-gassed, pepper-sprayed, hit with batons, shot with rubber bullets and real bullets, blasted with sound cannons, detained in cages and kennels , sicced by police dogs, arrested and jailed for challenging the government's excesses, abuses and power-grabs?
Politics won't fix a system that is broken beyond repair.
No matter who sits in the White House, the shadow government will continue to call the shots behind the scenes.
Relying on the courts to restore justice seems futile.
Indeed, with every ruling handed down, it becomes more apparent that we live in an age of hollow justice, with government courts, largely lacking in vision and scope, rendering narrow rulings focused on the letter of the law. This is true at all levels of the judiciary, but especially so in the highest court of the land, the U.S. Supreme Court, which is seemingly more concerned with establishing order and protecting government agents than with upholding the rights enshrined in the Constitution.
Even so, justice matters.
It matters whether you're a rancher protesting a federal land-grab by the Bureau of Land Management, a Native American protesting an oil pipeline that will endanger sacred sites and pollute water supplies, or an African-American taking to the streets to protest yet another police shooting of an unarmed citizen.
Unfortunately, protests and populist movements haven't done much to push back against an authoritarian regime that is deaf to our cries, dumb to our troubles, blind to our needs, and accountable to no one.
It doesn't matter who the activists are (environmentalists, peaceniks, Native Americans, Black Lives Matter, Occupy, or the Bundys and their followers) or what the source of the discontent is (endless wars abroad, police shootings, contaminated drinking water, government land-grabs), the government's modus operandi has remained the same: shut down the protests using all means available, prosecute First Amendment activities to the fullest extent of the law, and discourage any future civil uprisings by criminalizing expressive activities, labeling dissidents as extremists or terrorists, and conducting widespread surveillance on the general populace in order to put down any whispers of resistance before it can take root.
Thus, if there is any means left to us for thwarting the government in its relentless march towards outright dictatorship, it may rest with the power of juries and local governments to invalidate governmental laws, tactics and policies that are illegitimate, egregious or blatantly unconstitutional.
Just recently, in fact, an Oregon jury rejected the government's attempts to prosecute seven activists who staged a six-week, armed takeover of the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge.
In finding the defendants not guilty—of conspiracy to impede federal officers, of possession of firearms in a federal facility, and of stealing a government-owned truck—the jury sent its own message to the government and those following the case: justice matters.
The Malheur occupiers were found not guilty despite the fact that they had guns in a federal facility (their lawyers argued the guns were 'as much a statement of their rural culture as a cowboy hat or a pair of jeans'). They were found not guilty despite the fact that they used government vehicles (although they would argue that government property is public property available to all taxpayers). They were found not guilty despite the fact that they succeeded in occupying a government facility for six weeks, thereby preventing workers from performing their duties (as the Washington Post points out, this charge has also been used to prosecute extremist left-wingers and Earth First protesters ).
Many other equally sincere activists with eloquent lawyers and ardent supporters have gone to jail for lesser offenses than those committed at the Malheur Refuge, so what made the difference here?
The jury made all the difference.
These seven Oregon protesters were found not guilty because a jury of their peers recognized the sincerity of their convictions, sympathized with the complaints against an overreaching government, and balanced the scales of justice using the only tools available to them: common sense, compassion and the power of the jury box.
Jury nullification works.
As law professor Ilya Somin explains, jury nullification is the practice by which a jury refuses to convict someone accused of a crime if they believe the 'law in question is unjust or the punishment is excessive .' According to former federal prosecutor Paul Butler, the doctrine of jury nullification is 'premised on the idea that ordinary citizens, not government officials, should have the final say as to whether a person should be punished.'
Imagine that: a world where the citizenry—not the government or its corporate controllers—actually calls the shots and determines what is just.
In a world of ' rampant overcriminalization ,' where the average citizen unknowingly breaks three laws a day, jury nullification acts as ' a check on runaway authoritarian criminalization and the increasing network of confusing laws that are passed with neither the approval nor oftentimes even the knowledge of the citizenry.'
Indeed, Butler believes so strongly in the power of nullification to balance the scales between the power of the prosecutor and the power of the people that he advises :
If you are ever on a jury in a marijuana case, I recommend that you vote 'not guilty' — even if you think the defendant actually smoked pot, or sold it to another consenting adult. As a juror, you have this power under the Bill of Rights ; if you exercise it, you become part of a proud tradition of American jurors who helped make our laws fairer.
In other words, it's 'we the people' who can and should be determining what laws are just, what activities are criminal and who can be jailed for what crimes.
Not only should the punishment fit the crime, but the laws of the land should also reflect the concerns of the citizenry as opposed to the profit-driven priorities of Corporate America.
This is where the power of jury nullification is so critical: to reject inane laws and extreme sentences and counteract the edicts of a profit-driven governmental elite that sees nothing wrong with jailing someone for a lifetime for a relatively insignificant crime.
Of course, the powers-that-be don't want the citizenry to know that it has any power at all.
They would prefer that we remain clueless about the government's many illicit activities, ignorant about our constitutional rights, and powerless to bring about any real change.
In an age in which government officials accused of wrongdoing—police officers, elected officials, etc.—are treated with general leniency, while the average citizen is prosecuted to the full extent of the law, jury nullification is a powerful reminder that, as the Constitution tells us, 'we the people' are the government.
For too long we've allowed our so-called 'representatives' to call the shots. Now it's time to restore the citizenry to their rightful place in the republic: as the masters, not the servants.
Nullification is one way of doing so.
Various cities and states have been using this historic doctrine with mixed results on issues as wide ranging as gun control and healthcare to ' claim freedom from federal laws they find onerous or wrongheaded .'
Where nullification can be particularly powerful, however, is in the hands of the juror.
The reality with which we must contend is that justice in America is reserved for those who can afford to buy their way out of jail.
For the rest of us who are dependent on the 'fairness' of the system, there exists a multitude of ways in which justice can and does go wrong every day. Police misconduct. Prosecutorial misconduct. Judicial bias. Inadequate defense. Prosecutors who care more about winning a case than seeking justice. Judges who care more about what is legal than what is just. Jurors who know nothing of the law and are left to deliberate in the dark about life-and-death decisions. And an overwhelming body of laws, statutes and ordinances that render the average American a criminal, no matter how law-abiding they might think themselves.
If you're to have any hope of remaining free—and I use that word loosely—your best bet remains in your fellow citizens.
Your fellow citizens may not know what the Constitution says (studies have shown Americans to be abysmally ignorant about their rights), they may not know what the laws are (there are so many on the books that the average American breaks three laws a day without knowing it), and they may not even believe in your innocence, but if you're lucky, those who serve on a jury will have a conscience that speaks louder than the legalistic tones of the prosecutors and the judges and reminds them that justice and fairness go hand in hand.
That's ultimately what jury nullification is all about: restoring a sense of fairness to our system of justice. It's the best protection for 'we the people' against the oppression and tyranny of the government, and God knows, we can use all the protection we can get. It's a powerful way to remind the government—all of those bureaucrats who have appointed themselves judge, jury and jailer over all that we are, have and do—that we're the ones who set the rules.
We could transform this nation if only Americans would work together to harness the power of their discontent.
Unfortunately, the government's divide and conquer tactics are working like a charm.
Despite the laundry list of grievances that should unite 'we the people' in common cause against the government, the nation is more divided than ever by politics, by socio-economics, by race, by religion, and by every other distinction that serves to highlight our differences.
The real and manufactured events of recent years—the invasive surveillance, the extremism reports, the civil unrest, the protests, the shootings, the bombings, the military exercises and active shooter drills, the color-coded alerts and threat assessments, the fusion centers, the transformation of local police into extensions of the military, the distribution of military equipment and weapons to local police forces, the government databases containing the names of dissidents and potential troublemakers—have all conjoined to create an environment in which 'we the people' are more divided, more distrustful, and fearful of each other.
What we have failed to realize is that in the eyes of the government, we're all the same.
In other words, when it's time for the government to crack down—and that time is coming—it won't matter whether we supported Hillary or Trump, whether we stood with the pipeline protesters or opposed BLM, or whether we spoke out against government misconduct and injustice or remained silent.
When the government cracks down, we'll all suffer.
Here's the thing: the government wants a civil war.
The objective: compliance and control.
Its strategy: destabilize the economy through endless wars, escalate racial tensions, polarize the populace, heighten tensions through a show of force, intensify the use of violence, and then, when all hell breaks loose, clamp down on the nation for the good of the people and the security of the nation.
The government has been anticipating and preparing for such a civil uprising for some time now.
Those protests in Ferguson , Baltimore and Baton Rouge to protest police brutality? The militarized police ' clad in Kevlar vests, helmets, and camouflage, armed with pistols, shotguns, automatic rifles, and tear gas ' turning towns into war zones? The kenneling of pipeline protesters in North Dakota?
Those were just dress rehearsals for the government to work out the kinks in its operating manual on how to deal with civil unrest.
They were also previews of what's in store if we continue to challenge the powers-that-be.
After all, it's hard to persuade anyone to stand against tyranny when all you can promise them as a reward is persecution, prosecution and a one-way trip to the morgue. And when the outcome seems to be a foregone conclusion—the government always wins—it can seem pointless, even foolhardy, to dare to challenge the system.
So how do you not only push back against the police state's bureaucracy, corruption and cruelty but also launch a counterrevolution aimed at reclaiming control over the government using nonviolent means?
You start by changing the rules and engaging in some (nonviolent) guerilla tactics.
Employ militant nonviolent resistance and civil disobedience , which Martin Luther King Jr. used to great effect through the use of sit-ins, boycotts and marches.
Take part in grassroots activism, which takes a trickle-up approach to governmental reform by implementing change at the local level (in other words, think nationally, but act locally).
And then, as I explain in more detail in my book Battlefield America: The War on the American People , nullify everything. Nullify the court cases. Nullify the laws. Nullify everything the government does that is illegitimate, egregious or blatantly unconstitutional. Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by John W. Whitehead of The Rutherford Institute . 
Since 1996, John W. Whitehead has taken on everything from human rights abuses in Saudi Arabia, protection of religious freedom, and child pornography, to family autonomy issues, cross burning, the sanctity of human life, and the war on terrorism in his weekly opinion column. A self-proclaimed civil libertarian, Whitehead is considered by many to be a legal, political and cultural watchdog—sounding the call for integrity, accountability and an adherence to the democratic principles on which this country was founded.
Time and again, Whitehead hits the bull's eye with commentaries that are insightful, relevant and provocative. And all too often, he finds himself under fire for his frank and unadulterated viewpoint. But as he frequently remarks, 'Anytime people find themselves under fire from both the liberal left and the conservative right, it means that that person is probably right on target.'
Mr. Whitehead's commentaries have appeared in the Los Angeles Times, New York Times, Washington Post, Washington Times and USA Today. 

ARTICLE


In today's, 25th, Wikileaks release of hacked Podesta emails, one of the notable highlights is a March 2, 2015 exchange between John Podesta and Clinton aide Cheryl Mills in which the Clinton Campaign Chair says 'On another matter….and not to sound like Lanny, but we are going to have to dump all those emails.' 
The email, which may indicate intent , was sent just days before the NYT story revealing the existence of Hillary's email server, and Hillary's press conference addressing what was at the time, the stunning revelation that she had a personal email account, and server, in her home.
Mills' response: 'Think you just got your new nick name.'
It is unclear which Lanny is referred to: the infamous former DOJ staffer Lanny Breuer who quit in January 2013 after telling Frontline that some banks are too big to fail, or, more likely Lanny Davis , special counsel to President Bill Clinton, and spokesperson for the President and the White House on matters concerning campaign-finance investigations and other legal issues.
It is also unclear for now which emails Podesta is referring to in the thread, but Podesta adds: 'better to do so sooner than later.' We can hope that a subsequent response, yet to be leaked by Wikileaks, will provide more color.
If the exchange is shown to disclose intent to mislead, it will negate the entire narrative prepared by Clinton that she merely deleted 'personal' emails and will reveal a strategic plan to hinder the State Department and FBI 'investigation.'
This is the first time that particular exchange has emerged among the Podesta emails.

And in a separate email sent out just days later by Clinton campaign communications director, Jennifer Palmieri, we get yet another confirmation that the president actively mislead the public when he said he didn't know Hillary was using a private email address:
Suggest Philippe talk to Josh or Eric. They know POTUS and HRC emailed . Josh has been asked about that. Standard practice is not to confirm anything about his email, so his answer to press was that he would not comment/confirm. I recollect that Josh was also asked if POTUS ever noticed her personal email account and he said something like POTUS likely had better things to do than focus on his Cabinet's email addresses.
Perhaps while the DOJ/FBI is taking a second look into Huma Abedin's emails, it can also take a repeat look at some of these, especially the ones involving POTUS. Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by Zero Hedge of www.zerohedge.com . 

ARTICLE


A copblocker in southern California was visited by two FBI agents at his home after conducting a first amendment audit at a US Postal Central Distribution Center, where he filmed inside and outside of the building as an effort to verify that the right to film was respected in that location.

Felipe Hernandez and fellow auditors began to film one of the controlled entry points at the facility, and almost immediately two US Postal Service Police park their cruisers in front of them, one blockading the sidewalk. They asked questions and paced back and forth, but they eventually left without incident.
After a few minutes, Hernandez walked to another gate to film only to find another individual in an unmarked car following surveilling their activities. However, no further police contact was made and the auditors left.
Nearly two weeks later on October 19, Hernandez filmed two plain clothes agents from the FBI's Joint Terrorism Task Force, one with a clipboard, asking him questions pertaining to his filming of a US mail distribution facility. The agent declares that filming 'critical infrastructure' can be considered 'suspicious activity,' and that is why he is investigating Hernandez.

Hernandez tells them that he was instructed by his lawyer, who was on the phone at that moment, to not answer any questions. After a few minutes, Hernandez hands one of the agents the cell phone and they speak directly with his lawyer.
The agent tells the attorney that the filming of a US
After a few minutes on the phone with the attorney, the officer is heard saying:
So, we're done here. If you're saying that he was videotaping whatever in Los Angeles for whatever reason, and it's not a terrorism-related activity, then we're good. They don't look like terrorists to me, I'll tell you that.
The agent hands back the phone, and Hernandez says, 'You guys be safe,' as they walk away. Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by Ryan Banister of The Daily Sheeple . 

ARTICLE

Bev Harris of Black Box Voting has unearthed the most devious and diabolical plot to rig the 2016 U.S. Elections.
More reason as to why non-participation is the best way to fight a broken system. This evidence shows how your actual vote has little value.

Watch on YouTube 
Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by The Daily Sheeple of www.TheDailySheeple.com . 
This content may be freely reproduced in full or in part in digital form with full attribution to the author and a link to www.TheDailySheeple.com. 

ARTICLE

A series of major earthquakes have plagued Italy (Rome) in recent days. Could we be witnessing the start of the end of the world?
Could we be living through the times described in many religious prophecies and texts?
You decide!

Watch on YouTube 
Source: Is the 'Big One' About to Hit Rome? Series of Tremors and Volcano's Reawakening Prompt Fears of Major Quake Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by The Daily Sheeple of www.TheDailySheeple.com . 
This content may be freely reproduced in full or in part in digital form with full attribution to the author and a link to www.TheDailySheeple.com. 

ARTICLE


When I was reading the news this morning, I discovered a quote that was so very ironic, I wanted to think that it was satire.
But it wasn't.
The Clinton campaign had the audacity to say that the FBI has double standards.
'It is impossible to view this as anything less than a blatant double standard,' Clinton campaign manager Robby Mook said. He also called on Mr Comey to 'immediately explain this incongruence and apply the same standard to Donald Trump's associates as he has applied to Hillary Clinton's.' ( source )
BWHAHAHA.
LOL.
ROTFL.
Excuse me, I can't stop laughing…a nervous, manic kind of laughter that also makes one of my eyes twitch.
Why?
This is coming from the spokesperson of a woman who is trying to pull in young voters and calling them 'F*&$ing dumb' behind their backs. This is coming from the spokesperson of a woman who is trying to connect with the American people at the same time as saying she has no clue about real life due to her background. This is coming from the spokesperson of a woman who preaches honesty and integrity and practices neither, saying in a paid speech that sometimes you have to lie. I have never heard a more ridiculous, two-faced audacious comment in my whole life. And considering I write about politics, I've heard a lot over the years.
Speaking of double standards, did you hear the latest about the re-opened email investigation? 
The incestuous connection between the Clinton campaign and the Department of Justice continues. The person in charge of the new investigation is none other than Peter Kadzik. Kadzik has a long history with both the Clinton family and campaign manager John Podesta.
And by long, I mean…
Kadzik represented John Podesta after he perjured himself during the Monica Lewinsky case Kadzik lobbied for Marc Rich, a fugitive that was pardoned by then-President Bill Clinton Kadzik led the effort to nominate Loretta Lynch as Attorney General Kadzik had a celebratory dinner with Podesta the day after the Benghazi hearings Kadzik denied a request from Republicans to appoint special counsel in the last Clinton email investigation Kadzik and Podesta appear from Wikileaks to be the best of friends, celebrating birthdays and other occasions together Those are some of the links between Kadzik and Clintonland – check out this very thorough report on Zero Hedge for all of the details.
Can you imagine the hue and cry if Donald Trump's nearest and dearest ran the investigation about his alleged links with Russia? How is this possibly okay?
Open letter to Peter Kadzik 
After stumbling across Kadzik's email address in an online group (by the way, it's pkadzik@gmail.com – don't they every learn about email security?) I sent this very polite email suggesting that he recuse himself from the investigation.
Dear Mr. Kadzik:
When I learned that you were to be the person in charge of the investigation into Huma Abedin and her emails, I was curious to learn about your connections. With just a teeny tiny bit of Googling, I was aghast to discover that you have a close friendship with John Podesta, Hillary Clinton's campaign manager.I was further discomfited by the fact that you have direct connections with the Obamas and the Clintons themselves.
While I'm sure you take your job very seriously, it seems to me a direct conflict of interest for you to handle this investigation. I strongly urge you to do the right thing and recuse yourself from overseeing this investigation. If you find the emails without merit, there was always be a cloud over your findings due to your close connections with the Clintons, President Obama, and Mrs. Clinton's campaign.
Please hand this over to independent investigators who can do this job without the appearance of bias.
Sincerely,
Daisy Luther
Surprisingly, I've had no response to my courteous request. He's probably out there busily finding a non-biased replacement. Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by Daisy Luther of DaisyLuther.com . 

ARTICLE


By Jack Burns
Wikileaks is helping President Obama keep his 2008 campaign promise — to be the most transparent administration in U.S. history — whether he likes it or not. And, once again, we're learning more about the inner sanctum of the administration and its communication practices. As FBI Director James Comey announced Friday, a new investigation into Hillary Clinton's email scandal has been launched, just days before the presidential election. Comey's move drew fire instantly from the Democrats who claim Comey is attempting to sway the election in Donald Trump's favor. While many are focused on Comey's actions and renewed investigation, Wikileaks has uncovered what may prove to be a systemic problem of executive branch accountability not merely limited to the former secretary of state's emails.
According to former State Department official Tom Nides, in a 2015 email to John Podesta (Clinton campaign manager), everyone in Obama's cabinet and every White House staffer uses their personal email for government business. Nides should know as he worked under Hillary Clinton in the State Department from 2011 to 2013, according to one source .
While keeping email hidden from the public may seem like no big deal to folks who simply don't care, ALL correspondence which is related to governmental business is the property of the federal government and is supposed to be accessible by anyone wishing to inquire within the archive of records.
The Federal Records Act defines a record as anything, 'regardless of whether it exists in physical, digital, or electronic form, is a record as defined in subsection (a) shall be binding on all Federal agencies.' This includes all communication of state agents (like the POTUS) who work in the executive branch of government, as well.
But the Obama administration, according to Nides, has long since avoided the Federal Records Act by using private Gmail accounts. Nides wrote Podesta and said, 'There is only one thing that needs to be done on this email thing. (Which I am sure nobody wants to do). Get a state dept career lawyer to go through all the emails and pull the official ones.' That admission seems to be on the level with what is expected for compliance with the Federal Records Act. But it was Nides' next admission which is the talk of many major media outlets.
Nides wrote, 'Btw you know as well as I every god damn cabinet officer and WH staff uses their [sic] gmail account!' The former Department of State employee revealed what many already suspected. The Obama administration is anything but transparent. Just ask Tom Fitton, president of Judicial Watch. His organization routinely sues the Obama administration in federal court using the Freedom of Information Act as warrant for inquiry, and says the administration stonewalls his efforts at every turn. Fitton's organization gave the Obama administration a failing grade on transparency and says his administration is even less transparent than when Bush was president.
Fitton wrote in 2015 , 'There are about 18 lawsuits, 10 of which are active in federal court, and about 160 Judicial Watch FOIA requests that could be affected by Mrs. Clinton and her staff's use of secret email accounts to conduct official government business. In our various FOIA lawsuits, our lawyers have informed attorneys for the Obama administration that Hillary Clinton's account and any other secret accounts used by State employees should be secured, recovered and searched.' JW actively seeks out those files through official methods, using FOIA and the Federal Records Act, but has been met with delay after delay from FOIA requests to the Obama administration.
While the Obama administration is on its way out, groups like Judicial Watch aren't going anywhere, and presumably have all the time in the world to FOIA their way into digging up those deleted Clinton emails, as well as securing Gmail accounts from the Obama administration cabinet and staffers. This story is definitely a long way from being over.
It's no wonder why so many free thinkers are now questioning the story lines they're being told. With the president and all his men (and women), hiding their communications within their Gmail accounts, the truth is never going to be told, at least not the real truth. And by the time organizations like Judicial Watch are successful in obtaining the electronic communications records that rightly belong to the people, it will be way too late to hold anyone accountable for breaking both the Federal Records Act and the Freedom of Information Act. Julian Assange, we salute you. Thank you for forcing the Obama administration to be transparent. Keep up the valiant work! Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by The Free Thought Project of thefreethoughtproject.com . 
The Free Thought Project is dedicated to holding those who claim authority over our lives accountable. 

ARTICLE


A North Carolina police officer has been terminated after shooting her own daughter. She was showing off her service weapon to guests at her home when the girl was shot in the abdomen.
A Lincoln County sheriff's deputy is facing a double tragedy after accidentally shooting her daughter with her service firearm while off-duty. Misty Michelle Flowers allegedly had friends to her home Saturday night and was showing her service weapon to them when she accidentally fired.
The bullet traveled through a wall and hit her 11-year-old daughter in the abdomen, the Shelby Star reported .
The girl is expected to recover, unlike her mother's career.
As a result, Flowers has been terminated and is being investigated by the State Bureau of Investigation.
While it is not uncommon for officers to bring their service weapons home with them after a shift, the sheriff's office's policy states, ' Members shall ensure that all firearms and ammunition are locked and secured while in their homes. '
In addition, the policy manual states : ' Members should be aware that negligent storage of a firearm could result in civil liability. '
Lincoln County Sheriff David Carpenter has made efforts to distance his department from Flowers' actions, saying, ' I find gross negligence and disregard for the safety of others over what transpired Saturday. '
He also reiterated how the department's policy on storing firearms had been made clear, saying basic firearm safety measures are ' included in hundreds and hundreds of hours of training they received during basic law enforcement training and also during service training. '
Flowers had been with the department since August 2015. She was terminated on Monday while at the hospital. Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by RT.com of RT.com . 

ARTICLE


So you want to talk to Mark Cuban on the latest Hillary email thing eh? 
You ought to try someone with a bit of credibility. You see, Mark Cuban is not ignorant and his appearance this morning on CNBC did not contain 'mistakes.' 
He was lying. 
This 'newly discovered' laptop is very likely to be literal nuclear waste for Hillary and everyone around her, including the Clinton Foundation and all of Hillary's 'advisers' such as Podesta. 
Mark Cuban said that Huma used Outlook and IMAP (for Yahoo and similar.) True.
But then he said this was unlikely to lead to 'new' evidence in the form of the emails.
That's a lie .
It's a lie because Cuban knows he's full of crap; he knows enough about the technologies involved to be fully aware that he was peddling nonsense.
IMAP and Exchange are email protocols. (So is POP3, but that's pretty much deprecated everywhere for good reason.) Exchange, when available, is often preferred by business people because it syncs not just email but also calendars and contact lists, which can (and does) include both phone numbers and email addresses.
IMAP is typically used by clients like Thunderbird because it doesn't know to speak Exchange. There's a plug-in for calendars using the davical protocol and another (the SoGo connector) for contacts, but no integrated Exchange support.
Outlook can use IMAP, but where the server supports it (like Clinton's 'homebrewed' email server) Exchange would normally be used instead as a preferred choice. It both does more and also does a far better job of threading conversations (which is very convenient) and thus is almost-always preferred when it is available.
Here's the problem for the Clintons: Both of these protocols will sync any folder they are told to monitor and can be told to pull local copies of emails . By default both will typically do so on a desktop or laptop environment because WiFi is usually available and it has enough bandwidth to make that efficient. Mobile devices sometimes are configured to only grab email headers by default but increasingly, with 4g service, they're set up to get full messages too, sometimes including all attachments. 
The reason to do this is that it is a lot faster to search messages locally than over the wire, and it's convenient to be able to search messages. In addition pulling full copies (including attachments) allows you to work offline (when there's no WiFi or other network available), and then re-sync when you get back in range.
Here's the problem for Hillary — when the server had emails deleted and then was 'Bleached' it had already been taken offline and was never returned to service . As such the laptop client would have been unable to connect back to it and thus it would never be told to remove anything. 
Without that machine (Weiner's laptop) being under remote administration such as Domain Policy control (which we can reasonably assume it was not as Huma claims 'she didn't know about it' and it was allegedly a private laptop) there is no remote capability to wipe or otherwise get into said computer and remove the emails either. In fact there's a decent chance it's running an operating system edition (if Windows) that lacks domain control capability entirely. 
This means that the odds are extremely high that all of the deleted emails to which Huma was a participant are on that computer. 
Every.
Single.
One. 
If that examination shows that work product, or worse, classified information was sent and/or received and the evidence intentionally destroyed via the 'Bleachbit' process then everyone involved is cooked. Remember, the claim was that the emails deleted were nothing more than yoga chat and similar; all 'personal' content that the government had no right to and implicated no national security interest. Further, Huma claimed twice (once during her exit from State, and again under oath when questioned) that she had turned over all devices that might or did have US Government work product on them and had retained no copies .
If that is proved to be a lie, or worse, proof of felony conduct such as influence peddling or (God forbid for them) something like the rumored link to Epstein's Lolita Express is found in those archives then a whole bunch of people are going straight to prison not only on the original acts evidenced in the emails themselves but also on felony obstruction of justice and perjury charges. 
Yes, folks, this is a very big deal because it is the first discovery of a computer that appears to have been sync'd against the Clinton server but was neither tampered with or destroyed , and thus it likely contains all of the pertinent evidence to which Huma was a part.
I argue that the media is lying and soliciting others to lie. Mark Cuban knows all of this as he's well-aware of how email works on the Internet. I'm aware of it too, having run an ISP during the early 1990s, having run corporate, personal and ISP-level email servers both before and since up to and including the present day, and I can confidently state that unless someone took affirmative action to alter the record the odds are extremely high that every single email chain Huma participated in is likely on that laptop, whether Hillary and her friends tried to delete it or not. 
I'm a subject matter expert in this regard folks. 
Yeah, CNBC, I'm not your biggest fan. But you (and the rest of the media) know damn well I can get to a studio in about an hour and a half and if you call I will be happy to don a suit (ok, at least the top half that the camera can see) and scoot on over to correct the record from a technical level on exactly what has been found and what is likely now in both the FBI's and the NY State Police/NYPD's hands. 
Consider this an open invite to any of the MSM folks to do exactly that; you folks all still have my phone number and I can only conclude it hasn't rung because you are not interested in the truth from someone who has the technical competence to explain it to your viewers. 
Report the news, media wonks, instead of trying to shape it. Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by Karl Denninger of Market Ticker . 
Karl Denninger is the author of Leverage: How Cheap Money Will Destroy the World . You can follow his daily commentary on capital markets at The Market Ticker and his weekly Ticker Guy Blog Talk Radio broadcasts. 

ARTICLE

| Charles Hugh Smith | Of Two Minds | 286 views 
If there is any lesson to be learned from the ghosts of Watergate, it is that the big-money support of a leader who has lost the ability to deliver the goods crumbles very quickly as the endgame unfolds. 
The parallels between Hillary Clinton and Richard Nixon are not legal–they are political: specifically, how can a leader crippled by scandal and cover-ups govern? 
In even blunter terms: how can a crippled politico deliver the goods to the special interests who bet their cash and political capital on the politico's ability to deliver favors? 
Among the many ghosts of Watergate, one specter especially haunts Hillary: once the special interests and party stalwarts who defended you through every scandal and every cover-up–month after month and year after year, on the promise that you would deliver the goods upon ascending to the presidency–realize you are too damaged to deliver anything of value to anyone, why would they continue supporting you? 
Once a politico has to declare 'I am not a crook' based on legalese rather than a moral foundation, that politico's ability to lead has vanished. Hillary and her supporters rely entirely on legalese parsing of wrong-doing rather than on a self-explanatory, basic moral foundation of right and wrong. 
Declaring 'I am not a crook' because the wrongdoing escapes prosecution is the same as declaring 'I am above the law.' If the foundation of one's ability to lead is a reliance on legal parsing and allies in the Department of Justice squashing investigations while handing out immunity like candy on Halloween, the political capital required to lead no longer exists. 
Ultimately, the President leads by moral suasion. Even the political act of delivering the goods to the special interests that funded your campaign and your wealth must be backed by the moral authority of personal integrity and a morally grounded appeal to the common good. 
A politician who has effectively zero personal integrity is only as viable as his/her ability to deliver favors to the few (i.e. special interests) over the objections of the many. A reliance on cold-blooded horse-trading only works if the leader has enough political capital to arm-twist everyone into granting favors to allies and special interests. 
But this political capital rests on moral suasion and support earned not by issuing promises but by leading the nation through thorny thickets to solutions that work for the many, not just the few. 
Once the ability to lead has been lost, special interests can forget about getting favors. And once they realize their politico is a liability rather than an asset, self-preservation requires abandoning the liability as quickly as possible. 
It's nothing personal, it's just business. Anyone who thinks Hillary has the personal integrity to build sufficient political capital to lead is delusional. Anyone who believes Hillary has the moral foundation to deliver the goods to the myriad special interests that have funded her campaign and her personal wealth is equally delusional. 
Are Goldman Sachs et al. delusional? If there is any lesson to be learned from the ghosts of Watergate, it is that the big-money support of a leader who has lost the ability to deliver the goods crumbles very quickly as the endgame unfolds.

ARTICLE

The Bible offers up some really good advice as we enter into the final week of the 'selection' process. ' Come out of her, my people, that ye be not partakers of her sins, and that ye receive not of her plagues.' (Revelation 18:4)
Whether it be casting your vote in an utterly broken and corrupt election process, or sending your kids to public school to have USDA stamped on their ass as they are sent down the 'drone' assembly line, you provide legitimacy to these systems simply by participating.
REAL ID is going to end up being a real headache for travelers, and don't eat beans before getting laser surgery!

Watch on YouTube 
Sources: 
Feds Ramp Up REAL ID Bullying Tactics 
The Clinton Presidency Is Going to Be a Miserable Slog 
Number of Home-Schooled Students Has Doubled Since 1999, New Data Shows 
Hospital Patient Seriously Burnt After 'Farting' During Cervix Surgery and Causing Laser to Burst Into Flames Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by The Daily Sheeple of www.TheDailySheeple.com . 
This content may be freely reproduced in full or in part in digital form with full attribution to the author and a link to www.TheDailySheeple.com. 

ARTICLE


Aren't you surprised that Hillary and the presstitutes haven't blamed Putin for FBI director Comey's reopening of the Hillary email case? But the presstitutes have done the next best thing for Hillary. They have made Comey the issue, not Hillary.
According to US Senator Harry Reid and the presstitutes, we don't need to worry about Hillary's crimes. After all, she is only a political woman feathering her nest, just as political men have done for ages. Why all this misogynist talk about Hillary? The presstitutes' cry is that Comey's alleged crime is far more important. This woman-hating Republican violated the Hatch Act by telling Congress that the investigation he said was closed is now reopened. A very strange interpretation of the Hatch Act. During an election it is OK to announce that a candidate for president is cleared but it is not OK to say that a candidate is under investigation.
In July 2016 Comey violated the Hatch Act when he, on orders from the corrupt Obama Attorney General, announced Hillary clean. In so doing, Comey used the prestige of federal clearance of Hillary's violation of national security protocols to boost her standing in the election polls.
Actually, Hillary's standing in the polls is based on the pollsters over-weighting Hillary supporters in the polls. It is easy to produce a favorite if you overweight their supporters in the poll questions. If you look at the crowds attending the two candidate's public appearances, it is clear that the American people prefer Donald Trump, who is opposed to war with Russia and China. War with nuclear powers is the big issue of the election.
Hillary's problem has the ruling American Oligarchy, for which Hillary is the total servant, concerned. What are they going to do about Trump if he wins? Will his fate be the same as John F. Kennedy, Robert Kennedy, Martin Luther King, George Wallace? Time will tell. Or will a hotel maid appear at the last minute in the way that the Oligarchy got rid of Dominique Strauss-Kahn?
All of the American and Western feminists, progressives, and left-wing remnant fell for the obvious frame-up of Strauss-Kahn. After Strauss-Kahn was blocked from the presidency of France and resigned as Director of the IMF, the New York authorities had to drop all charges against Strauss-Kahn. But Washington succeeded in removing Strauss-Kahn as a challenge to its French vassal, Sarkozy.
This is how the American Oligarchy destroys those it suspects might not serve its interests. The corrupt self-serving Oligarchy makes sure that it owns the government and the media, the think tanks and increasingly all of the major universities, and, of course, through the presstitutes, Americans' minds.
The Oligarchs are now hard-pressed to rescue Hillary as US president, so let's see if the Oligarchs can once again deceive the American people.
While we wait, let's concern ourselves with another important issue. The Clinton crime syndicate in the closing years of the 20th century allowed a small handful of mega-corporations to consolidate the US media in a few hands. This vast increase in the power of the Oligarchy was accomplished despite US anti-trust law. The media mergers destroyed the American tradition of a dispersed and independent media.
But really, what does federal law mean to the One Percent. Nothing whatsoever. The One Percent's power makes them immune to law. Hillary's crimes might cost her the election, but she won't go to jail.
Not content with 90% control of the US media, the Oligarchy wants more concentration and more control. Looks like they will be getting it, thanks to the corrupt US government. The Federal Trade Commission is supposed to enforce US anti-trust law. Instead, the federal agency routinely violates US anti-trust law by permitting monopoly concentrations of business interests.
Because of the failure of the federal government to enforce federal law, we now have 'banks too big to fail,' unregulated Internet monopoly, and the evisceration of a dispersed and independent media.
Not so long ago there was a field of economics known as anti-trust. Ph.D. candidates specialized in and wrote dissertations about public control of monopoly power. I assume that this field of economics, like the America of my youth, no longer exists.
In the article below, Rahul Manchanda, explains that 'yet again another huge media conglomerate is being swallowed and acquired by another huge media conglomerate, to create another gargantuan media outlet, in another consolidation of the enormous power, money, wealth, intimidation, conspiracy and control' that eviscerates the US Constitution and the First Amendment.
Just what DOES Federal Trade Commission Antitrust Division DO Anymore? Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by Paul Craig Roberts of Institute for Political Economy . 
About Dr. Paul Craig Roberts
Paul Craig Roberts was Assistant Secretary of the Treasury for Economic Policy and associate editor of the Wall Street Journal. He was columnist for Business Week, Scripps Howard News Service, and Creators Syndicate. He has had many university appointments. His internet columns have attracted a worldwide following. Visit his web site at the Institute for Political Economy .
This article has been posted with permission from Dr. Paul Craig Roberts. 
Copyright Paul Craig Roberts 2015. 

ARTICLE


A man reads various quotes to people on the street that are either from Adolf Hitler or Hillary Clinton, and the participants are expected to guess which one it is.
First quote:
'We're going to take things away from you on behalf of the common good.'
The participants guessed Hitler. Nope. It was Hillary.

Second quote:
'I believe the primary role of the state is to teach, train and raise children. Parents have a secondary role.'
The participants guess Hitler. Nope! Wrong again! That was Hillary's quote.
How telling it is that people have trouble distinguishing between the two. Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by Ryan Banister of The Daily Sheeple . 

ARTICLE

| Zero Hedge | www.zerohedge.com | 0 views 
Citi's chief political analyst, Tina Fordham has had a busy month. 
At the start of October – when Trump's victory odds were in the gutter and a Clinton presidency had been priced in – in a hotly debated statement, she suggested that the establishment may be approaching the US presidential completely incorrectly: 'This is an unusual juncture but we keep looking at it through the same kinds of lenses. What if it's all wrong because society, technology, opinion polling methods, and everything else don't capture marginalized voters in the way they might once have?' 
According to Fordham, the US presidential race felt more like an election in a developing nation where public distrust in government is high and conspiracy theories are rife. Markets seem unaware how much that low trust raises the risk of an anti-establishment vote. Fordham has focused on the Gallup World Poll on public health, which analyzes two decades' worth of health records of Trump supporters. The numbers show a correlation between the increase in the number of people going through difficult times – as measured by suicide rates, depression, mental illness and drug addiction – and the rise in Trump's popularity, Fordham said. 
'This is the kind of thing that investors just don't normally run into, but it provides another useful way to think about things because income inequality is necessary but not sufficient,' she said. 'There is something more subtle going on about public expectations and exhaustion and a sense of corruption, elite abuse of power, and lack of control.' 
Her conclusion was troubling for Clinton fans: ' I'm getting this Brexit-y feeling and I know other investors are as well,' she said. 'The thinking is: I didn't expect Brexit, so I better assume Trump is going to win. That element of investor psychology is at play here.' 
She followed up on Monday , when she predicted that the FBI's Friday announcement 'could have a meaningful impact on the presidential race' and cautioned that this may not be the end of it: 'we continue to emphasize the potential for more Black Swan events emerging making things more complicated for forecasters and pollsters.' 
Today, in her latest media appearance, Fordham has penned an Op-Ed for the FT, looking at the post-election landscape and warning that ' Investors face political risk whoever wins in the US election .' 
She first analyzes if a a Clinton victory will 'mean business as usual for America and the global order' and responds: ' Not so fast.' 
Investors should brace themselves for the new form of advanced economy political risk, what ever the outcome of the US presidential election. 
First, any market relief from a victory for Mrs Clinton over Donald Trump, her Republican opponent, will almost certainly be followed by the realization that a divided Congress will mean a return to gridlock and brinkmanship over the debt ceiling with little prospect for reform. 
More broadly, following the vote in the UK to leave the EU, the rise of Mr Trump and, according to a YouGov study, authoritarian populism, politics in advanced economies are having what might be termed an emerging markets moment. Vox populi risk, a concept I formulated in 2012 after a wave of protests, coups and the rise of non-mainstream political parties, has become a global phenomenon. 
She then notes that 'the economic and market implications of advanced economy political risks are more likely to become systemically significant than their emerging markets counterparts. According to the International Monetary Fund's recently published World Economic Outlook, political risk in the advanced economies has become the biggest threat to global growth.' 
Specifically, she envisages the Trump campaign: 
From threats to jail opponents on corruption charges to the proliferation of conspiracy theories, the Trump campaign and its supporters have borrowed heavily from the EM political playbook, sowing doubts not only about his opponent's suitability for office but also about US political institutions. A majority of Republicans now say they believe the election will be rigged, according to data from Pew Research Center, despite the lack of any precedent in US election history for such claims. 
Reverting to her notion that the US election looks a lot like that of a developing nation, she notes that ' what links this advanced economy political risk with its EM cousin is low trust in institutions and elites — political and business elites, 'experts'and the media. It is trust, plus belief in the future, not growth alone, that immunizes the body politic against the populist virus. The collapse of trust is also evident in the sheer number of outright lies the fact-checking website Politifact has tracked during the campaign. If everything is bogus than anything goes .' 
There are also the market implications: 
The reaction of financial markets may be the starkest illustration of this change in trend. According to the Brookings Institution, the effect of Mr Trump's candidacy has been to give rise to price movements suggesting that a Trump victory would reduce the value of the S&P 500 and lead to a 25 per cent decline in the Mexican peso, as well as pricing in future volatility. 
However, Fordham's punchline has little to do with a Trump victory, but rather the consequences of another Clinton presidency: 
Mr Trump ‎may be heading for defeat but the prevalence of low trust, identity politics and demographic divides across the developed world suggests that he will not be the last non-mainstream candidate to come close to power . This constellation of risks will be in evidence before elections next year in Germany, France and the Netherlands, and will have a significant impact on Brexit negotiations. Moreover, a Clinton presidency is highly likely to be marked by near-continuous investigations as well as the risk of impeachment. 
If Citi is right the pre-election circus, and endless drama and theatrics is just the beginning of what is about to be unleashed, a world in which the political realities of DM and EM worlds will converge: 'The new normal in advanced economies looks a lot like the emerging markets' old normal, but with considerably higher stakes for the global economy.' We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by Zero Hedge of www.zerohedge.com . Wake The Flock Up! Please Share With Sheeple Far & Wide: Post navigation

ARTICLE


The latest batch of hacked emails from Clinton's campaign chair, John Podesta, have been released.
Over 1,100 emails are contained in the latest leak, amounting to 43,000 of the 50,000 promised to be released by Wikileaks before November 8.
There are a number of communications found in the email pertaining to the Clinton campaign's close relationship with mainstream media and her private email server.
One email from September 9, 2008 shows Chris Lu, the Deputy Secretary of the Department of Labor, discussing a virtual data room where 'policy promises' and other private communications will be uploaded:
General room – there is a general room that we'll upload all of the policy promises, as well as legal documents like expense reimbursements and contribution forms. All of the principals on this list will have access to this room… Regarding policy promises, from now on, we'll email out the first drafts when they're done, but we won't email out revisions. The latest version will always be stored in the 'general' data room.
 

Another email thread from May 11, 2015, discussing Lanny Davis, former attorney for Bill Clinton, we see Clinton's senior advisor, Philippe Reines, pose the following question:
'[Hillary Rodham Clinton] is anxious to move forward — with the commitment that I will keep him focused and in line. Do you guys need to run any more traps on your end or can I reach out to enlist him?'
Human Abedin writes back saying, 'She just called me about this. She wants Lanny.'
John Podesta cryptically responds, 'In the land of he blind, the one-eyed man is king.' Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by Ryan Banister of The Daily Sheeple . 

ARTICLE


Former United States Department of State official Dr. Steve Pieczenik is a psychiatrist who has over 20 years experience in resolving international crises for four U.S. administrations.
Pieczenik was Deputy Assistant Secretary of State under Henry Kissinger, Cyrus Vance, and James Baker. His expertise includes foreign policy, international crisis management, and psychological warfare. He served the presidential administrations of Gerald Ford, Jimmy Carter, Ronald Reagan and George H.W. Bush in the capacity of deputy assistant secretary.
He has come forward with a series of videos that expose the Clintons, explains that they co-opted many central facets of our government including the White House, the judiciary, the CIA, and the FBI. and claims that the corrupt couple belongs to a high-level pedophile ring.
Pieczenik explains that it was not the Russians who provided information to WikiLeaks – US intelligence offered the data to Julian Assange. This counter-coup is working against Hillary Clinton and her campaign.

Here, Pieczenik discusses the Clintons' connections to Anthony Weiner , Jeffrey Esptein's Lolita Express, and more.

In this video, Pieczenik reveals the details regarding Democratic Party 'Fixer,' Jeff Rovin.

Dr. Pieczenik tells us 'the second American revolution' is happening.
I hope he's correct, because we certainly need it. Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by Lily Dane of The Daily Sheeple . 
Lily Dane is a staff writer for The Daily Sheeple. Her goal is to help people to 'Wake the Flock Up!' 

ARTICLE


With the media gripped by accusatory speculation regarding the identity of the source behind the Wikileaks leak of hacked Podesta and DNC emails, much of it focused on Russia, a new theory has emerged from Craig Murray, the former British ambassador to Uzbekistan, who tells Sputnik (a Russian media outlet) that the source of the leaks are not Russian hackers but a Washington insider.
'The source of these emails and leaks has nothing to do with Russia at all. I discovered what the source was when I attended the Sam Adam's whistleblower award in Washington. The source of these emails comes from within official circles in Washington DC. You should look to Washington not to Moscow .'

Asked about whether or not WikiLeaks have ever published information at the behest of Moscow, Murray said that 'WikiLeaks has never published any material received from the Russian government or from any proxy of the Russian government. It's simply a completely untrue claim designed to divert attention from the content of the material.'
While blasted by Washington, first by Republicans several years ago, and most recently by Democrats, the WikiLeaks revelations have often been hailed as a champion of accountability.
'I think whistleblowers have become extremely important in the West because the propaganda model — as Chomsky puts it — has been reinforced to the extent that people don't get any true information out of the media at all. It's worth saying that Julian Assange and WikiLeaks are publishers; they publish what whistleblowers leak to them,' Mr. Murrary told Sputnik.
Yet, whistleblowers in the US continue to be subject to lengthy prison sentences. A key example is Chelsea Manning, who was sentenced on August 21, 2013 to a thirty five year sentence for providing WikiLeaks with sensitive military and diplomatic documents highlighting, among other things, US military conduct in Iraq. Murray also mentions the case of John Kiriakou, a former investigator of international terrorism with the CIA who turned whistleblower.
'The people who did the torture have suffered no comeback at all,' adds Mr. Murray.
Taking a step back and discussing the risk of geopolitical escalation between Russia and the US, Murray told Sputnik that 'there is no chance whatsoever that Russia is going to ever attack the United States, that simply isn't going to happen.'
'Just as Russia is not going to attack the United Kingdom. There never has been a chance that Russia would ever attack either of these two countries. But of course the narrative is all to do with power and funneling huge amounts of American taxpayer money into the defense industry and the security industry and these people are both from the class that benefits.'
It's an extremely dangerous game, says Mr. Murray, and it feeds into a foreign policy that is completely mad.
'In Syria — and I should say I'm no fan of the Assad regime at all — but the idea that backing assorted groups of jihadists to tear the country apart is a better solution is crazy and it's especially crazy when we've already messed up Iraq, Afghanistan and now we're doing exactly the same thing again and you can see it doesn't work, it only works in terms of promoting continued instability and continued spending for the military and the security services.'
Finally, Murray also believes that the public can't get clear analysis of these issues from mainstream media, because they are part of the same money/power nexus.
Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by Zero Hedge of www.zerohedge.com . 

ARTICLE


By James Holbrooks
As the American corporate media continues to tow the official line that Russia is working to undermine U.S. elections, the head of the U.K.'s MI5 spoke with the Guardian on Tuesday. It was the first time an acting spy chief has given a newspaper interview in the agency's 107-year history, and the subject matter important enough to prompt such an atypical occurrence was hardly a surprising one — Russia.
Or, more accurately, Russia as the big bad enemy.
'Russia increasingly seems to define itself by opposition to the west and seems to act accordingly,' MI5 chief Andrew Parker told the Guardian . 'You can see that on the ground with Russia's activities in Ukraine and Syria. But there is high-volume activity out of sight with the cyber-threat.' 
'Russia has been a covert threat for decades,' he continued. Then, evoking the U.S. election hacking hype, he added, 'What's different these days is that there are more and more methods available.' 
And according to Parker, Vladimir Putin's Russia is utilizing these methods in 'increasingly aggressive ways' to project its global influence:
'It is using its wide range of state organs and powers to push its foreign policy abroad in increasingly aggressive ways — involving propaganda, espionage, subversion and cyber-attacks. Russia is at work across Europe and in the U.K. today.' 
The Kremlin was quick to issue a response to the Parker interview, one the Guardian detailed in a follow-up piece .
'Those words do not correspond to reality,' spokesperson Dmitry Peskov said flatly. With regard to alleged U.S. election tampering, he added, 'Until someone produces proof, we will consider those statements unfounded and groundless.' 
Russia's embassy in London, meanwhile, stated on Twitter it was 'saddened to see a professional trapped to [sic] his own propaganda-created world.' Accompanying that tweet was the movie poster for the 1966 film The Russians are Coming, the Russians are Coming .
In the buildup to the U.S. presidential election on November 8 — and as Russian submarines are spotted off the British coast — Western nations are again amping up the anti-Russian narrative .
On October 7, for instance, the United States officially accused Russia of attempting to intervene in the U.S. political system. Then, just days ago, Western member countries of the G7 alliance agreed that continued sanctions against Russia for its role in Ukraine and Syria were 'vital.' 
For his part, Russian President Vladimir Putin's response to such recriminations has been largely one of amusement, as demonstrated by comments he made last week.
While speaking to foreign policy experts in Sochi, Putin dismissed the 'hysteria about Russia's influence on the U.S. presidential election,' adding the 'mythical and fictitious' issue has been used to distract the American voter from real problems facing the United States government.
'Does anyone seriously think Russia can somehow influence the American people's choice?' Putin asked. 'Is America some kind of banana republic? America is a great power!' 
A great power, the Russian president made certain to note, with a top notch propaganda arm:
'I would like to have such propaganda machine in Russia, but, regrettably, there is no such thing,' Putin said, touching on the bought and paid for nature of Western corporate media. 'We don't have such global media as CNN, BBC and others.' Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by The Anti-Media of theantimedia.org . 
The 'Anti' in our name does not mean we are against the media, we are simply against the current mainstream paradigm. The current media, influenced by the industrial complex, is a top-down authoritarian system of distribution—the opposite of what Anti-Media aims to be. At Anti-Media, we want to offer a new paradigm—a bottom-up approach for real and diverse reporting. We seek to establish a space where the people are the journalists and a venue where independent journalism moves forward on a larger and more truthful scale. 

ARTICLE


The brilliant Internet mogul Kim Dotcom – founder of the file-sharing website Megaupload – said on Monday that there are more Clinton emails that will be published, and the results will be devastating for the Democratic candidate.
There's unpublished material, yet to come out. Clinton is in serious trouble.
— Kim Dotcom (@KimDotcom) November 1, 2016 

There is speculation that Dotcom is referring to the 33,000 missing Clinton emails…and that someone has them (possibly WikiLeaks) and will be releasing them soon.
From The New Zealand Herald :
Dotcom has previously hinted that Wikileaks is in possession of the missing emails, which Clinton acknowledged erasing rather than turning over to the State Department upon her retirement, claiming they were not work-related.
Dotcom last week made a joking reference to the BleachBit software Clinton used to delete the emails, writing 'Bleachbit(ch) can't bleach it.'
Shortly after, he then tweeted directly at Wikileaks writing 'Oh no!' with a video of him reacting to audio saying 'You've got mail.'
And days before on October 27, he wrote that he knew where the deleted emails are and how to get them legally.
'I know where Hillary Clintons deleted emails are and how to get them legally @TGowdySC @seanhannity @realDonaldTrump. 100% true. Retweet,' he wrote.
Dotcom pointed out something many have wondered about…
'They are all stored in the NSA spy cloud in Utah. Congress or Senate can request the emails from the NSA.'
William Binney, architect of NSA mass surveillance system has confirmed that the NSA must have the deleted Clinton emails, by design. @FBI 
— Kim Dotcom (@KimDotcom) October 30, 2016 

I think the FBI has found Clintons deleted emails in NSA spy cloud and now use Wiener laptop as a front to protect NSA secrets. Fine by me 
— Kim Dotcom (@KimDotcom) October 31, 2016 

Last year, Dotcom – who has a long-standing relationship with WikiLeaks and Julian Assange – said that Assange would be Clinton's worst nightmare in 2016 because he 'has access to information.'
The FBI is currently searching a laptop that belonged to Anthony Weiner, Clinton aide Huma Abedin's estranged husband, for any emails from Clinton's private server.
Dotcom just might be the most fascinating person on Twitter. Take a look at some other things he's had to say lately…
Hillary, who signed my extradition request, will get busted by the same mass surveillance system the US Govt used to spy on me unlawfully.
— Kim Dotcom (@KimDotcom) October 28, 2016 

The US Govt keeps underestimating the strength of oppressed people who'll fight for what's right even if it results in their crucifixion.
— Kim Dotcom (@KimDotcom) October 28, 2016 

Wikileaks will deliver. #LockHerUp pic.twitter.com/jIUSOEWyEv 
— Kim Dotcom (@KimDotcom) October 30, 2016 
Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by Lily Dane of The Daily Sheeple . 
Lily Dane is a staff writer for The Daily Sheeple. Her goal is to help people to 'Wake the Flock Up!' 

ARTICLE


Former Minnesota governor Jesse Ventura appeared on The Young Turks, a leftist online news channel, and explained to the host why he doesn't take Hillary Clinton seriously on gun control.
Ventura says that Clinton should first concentrate on the US not sending arms to people around the world before she starts talking about disarming people here in the US. He explains:
Hillary wants us all to disarm, right? Well, my answer to that is: Hillary, when you come after my guns, let the United States disarm first. We are the biggest gun dealer in the world; we sell weapons all over the world to kill people, and they're telling me to give up my 2nd amendment weapons, when my own government is the biggest weapons dealer throughout the world.

Then Jesse demonstrates the insanity of gun control from his own experience living in Mexico. He says, 'I live in Mexico. Gun control is strictly followed there; you cannot have a gun. Yet they have 20,000 gun murders a year down there, or more. And yet, guns are banned.'
Ventura goes on to say that there are more gun murders in Mexico than there are in the US, even with such strict gun control measures. This completely ruins the leftist narrative. Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by Ryan Banister of The Daily Sheeple . 

ARTICLE


Video footage of a police chief being pulled over for traveling at speeds above 100 miles per hour was only released after one irritated citizen watched the top cop drive into the sunset without as much as a ticket.

Some criminals are let off with a slap on the wrist, but one Arkansas police chief got off with a slap on the wrist for speeding, with responding officers laughing during the traffic stop.
Brinkley Police Department Chief Edward Randle was pulled over by a state trooper who had been called for assistance by a Brinkley police officer. However, any concern the trooper may have had quickly disappeared when he recognized Randle while approaching the truck.
' Where are you going so fast? ' the trooper asked Randle, chuckling. Randle told the trooper that he was heading to ' the game ,' a football game he was refereeing later that evening, KTHV reported .
When the Brinkley officer approached the vehicle, Randle proceeded to give him a hard time, saying: 'I know you didn't call the state police!' The officer explained that he did not announce the truck's license plate into the reading, saying, ' I didn't have your plate, so it didn't go over. '
The only time the reason for Randle's speeding was mentioned in the recording was when the state trooper told him, ' I had you locked in at 107 [miles per hour]. '
' It won't go over 95, ' Randle replied.
Randle continued to defend himself using this argument, telling KTHV that the truck has a governor device on the engine that prevents it from going above 95 miles (153 km) per hour. However, the officer told Randle that he was driving 90 miles (145 km) per hour and was still only trailing Randle.
Randle denied going close to 95 miles per hour, he even denied the trooper's comment that he had been driving ' 71 (114 km) at the curve. '
The confrontation ended quickly with all parties going their separate ways after a sum total of 45 seconds. The whole issue would have likely flown under the radar, had it not been for a citizen who witnessed it.
Benjamin Martin was leaving Clarendon, a nearby town, when he noticed the Brinkley police car in Clarendon city limits and pulled over to watch. What he saw troubled him, to say the least.
' I find it, you know, very disheartening, that anyone, public official or not, would show such blatant disregard for the speed limit, and put the lives of innocent others at risk, ' Martin told KHTV, adding, ' I just feel that no one's above the law, and you know, if it was me, I would've gotten a ticket. '
Martin continued, ' As a chief of police, and as a law enforcement officer, you're sworn to protect and serve, which is the opposite of putting the lives of others at risk. '
However, Randle feels differently and claimed that after nearly three decades in law enforcement, he knows better than to put others at risk with dangerous driving. Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by RT.com of RT.com . 

ARTICLE

The expose into just how bought and paid for our government in just never stops! Where's the outrage!?!?!?

Watch on YouTube 
Source: Kadzik (DOJ Official Leading Probe in FBI's Case Re-Opening) Gave 'Heads up' to Clinton Campaign on Email Investigation 
Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by The Daily Sheeple of www.TheDailySheeple.com . 
This content may be freely reproduced in full or in part in digital form with full attribution to the author and a link to www.TheDailySheeple.com. 

ARTICLE


The FBI seems to be sick of the DoJ's favoritism . Two separate sources have told Fox News about serious new breaks in the investigation. The fact that this is being reported on an MSM site is huge. Bigger than huge.
E-freaking-normous.
Watch this video and try to keep from jumping up and down with excitement.

Did you catch that? The laptops that everyone THOUGHT the FBI destroyed were NOT, in fact, destroyed. Anyone who is caught lying has voided their immunity deals. (cough, Cheryl Mills, cough) There are new, not-seen-before emails, even though Clinton said she disclosed them all. It's goin' down. Right now.
All of those people who were prepared to take one for Team Clinton might want to reconsider.
It's hard to imagine even Teflon-coated Hillary Clinton getting out of this mess. Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by Daisy Luther of DaisyLuther.com . 

ARTICLE

The Clintons are turning up the heat on their bubbas in government. It will be interesting to see how things play out, pre and post selection…err…election. Kim Dotcom is saying there is more still yet to come, and President Obama is saying the same thing.
Could we see a game changing event as Jeremiah Johnson muses over at SHTFPlan.com?
Could it be economic… cosmic?
Only time will tell!

Watch on YouTube 
Sources: 
Internet Mogul Kim Dotcom: More Leaks Coming, 'Clinton is in Serious Trouble' 
Something Big Is Underway On All Fronts: 'Within The Next Few Weeks The Future Of The United States Will Be Decided' 
EYE in the SKY Conspiracy Theorists Claim Plan to Create Asgardia 'Space Nation' in Orbit Above Earth Is Secret Illuminati Plot to Take Over the World 
Former State Department Official Steve Pieczenik May Have Sent the Most Important Message in American History 
Objections Raised Over Ohio Troopers Sent to Protests in North Dakota 
'The Fate of the Republic Rests on Your Shoulders': Obama Delivers Impassioned Plea to America to Reject Trump Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by The Daily Sheeple of www.TheDailySheeple.com . 
This content may be freely reproduced in full or in part in digital form with full attribution to the author and a link to www.TheDailySheeple.com. 

ARTICLE

In this News Shot, Joe Joseph explains how the public is rapidly losing faith in the mainstream media.
Have a listen!

Watch on YouTube 
Source: New York Times Reports 95.7 Percent Fall in Quarterly Profit 
Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by The Daily Sheeple of www.TheDailySheeple.com . 
This content may be freely reproduced in full or in part in digital form with full attribution to the author and a link to www.TheDailySheeple.com. 

ARTICLE


Exposing the Clintons' perfection of a corrupt political system won't change the conditions and incentives that created the Clintons' harvester of corruption. 
Let's set aside Hillary Clinton as an individual and consider her as the perfection of a corrupt political system. As I noted yesterday, Politics As Usual Is Dead , and Hillary Clinton is the ultimate product of the political system that is disintegrating before our eyes.
The corruption of pay-to-play and the commingling of public and private influence is not the failing of an individual–it is the logical conclusion of a thoroughly corrupt political system.
Given the incentives built into politics as usual , public/private pay-to-play doesn't just make sense–it is the only possible maximization of the political system .
Cobble together a multi-million dollar private foundation, millions of dollars in speaking fees from big-money contributors, conflicts of interest, the secrecy of private email servers, pay-to-play schemes and corrupted loyalists planted in the Department of Justice, and the inevitable result is a politics as usual money-harvesting machine that lays waste to the nation, supporters and critics alike.
All the Clintons did is assemble the parts more effectively than anyone else. Now that the machine has scooped up hundreds of millions of dollars in 'contributions' and other loot, vested interests and corrupted loyalists within the federal government will do anything to protect the machine and its vast flow of funds.
The nation's political system needs a thorough cleaning from top to bottom. Exposing the Clintons' perfection of politics as usual won't change the conditions and incentives that created the Clintons' harvester of corruption.
That will require rooting out the incentives that made the Clintons' perfection of corruption both logical and inevitable. Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by Charles Hugh Smith of Of Two Minds . 

ARTICLE


'Go ahead. Look at them,' said Hillary Clinton, speaking before a crowd in Cincinnati about FBI Director James Comey's decision to re-open the investigation into her private email server while investigating the emails from former New York congressman Anthony Weiner, who is suspected of having sexually charged communications with a 15-year-old girl.
'I made a mistake. I'm not making any excuses,' said Clinton.
Attorney General Loretta Lynch has objected to Comey's decision to notify Congress of the re-opened investigation simply because it could interfere with the election less than a week away. Lynch expressed her objection hours before Comey sent the letter, according to USA Today.
Lynch based her objection on a recommendation in DOJ policy that federal authorities should not take any action that may interfere with an election.
Maybe Clinton feels confident that Lynch will continue to block any criminal prosecution. Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by Ryan Banister of The Daily Sheeple . 

ARTICLE


With countless hours of media, and Clinton campaign, speculation and accusations that the source of hacked Wikileaks Democratic emails including the Podesta files, is none other than Russian president Vladimir Putin, either directly or indirectly, Julian Assange has decided to close the book on that particular loose end, and as RT reports , in a John Pilger Special, to be broadcast by RT on Saturday courtesy of Dartmouth Films, Assange categorically denied that the troves of US Democratic Party and Clinton work and staff emails released this year have come from the Russian government. 
'The Clinton camp has been able to project a neo-McCarthyist hysteria that Russia is responsible for everything. Hillary Clinton has stated multiple times, falsely, that 17 US intelligence agencies had assessed that Russia was the source of our publications. That's false – we can say that the Russian government is not the source,' Assange told the veteran Australian broadcaster as part of a 25-minute interview.
Assange spoke with Pilger at the Ecuadorian Embassy in London, where he has been for four years, and accused the US presidential candidate of being a pawn of behind-the-scenes interests, and voiced doubts about her physical fitness to take charge of the White House.
'Hillary Clinton is just one person. I actually feel quite sorry for Hillary Clinton as a person, because I see someone who is eaten alive by their ambitions, tormented literally to the point where they become sick – for example faint – as a result of going on, and going with their ambitions. But she represents a whole network of people, and a whole network of relationships with particular states.'
Over the past nine months, WikiLeaks uploaded over 30,000 emails from Hillary Clinton's private email server, while she was Secretary of State. This was followed by nearly 20,000 emails sent to and by members of the US Democratic National Committee, exposing the party leadership's dismissive attitude to Bernie Sanders, and his outsider primaries campaign.
Finally, last month, WikiLeaks posted over 50,000 emails connected to John Podesta, Bill Clinton's chief of staff, and a close associate of the current presidential frontrunner.
A preview of the upcoming interview is below. The Homeland Security Department and Office of the Director of National Intelligence posted a joint statement in October, claiming they were 'confident' that the Russian government 'directed' this year's leaks. Moscow has rejected the accusation, with presidential press secretary Dmitry Peskov calling the claims 'nonsense,' while Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova said the 'public bickering with Russia' before the US election is probably a 'smokescreen' to draw the voters' attention away from serious domestic issues.
Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by Zero Hedge of www.zerohedge.com . 

ARTICLE

Julian Assange unequivocally denies any involvement from the Russian government in Wikileaks' release of now almost 45,000 hacked emails from Clinton Campaign staff in a recent interview that will be broadcast on RT .
'I actually feel quite sorry for Hillary Clinton as a person,' said Assange.
He went on to explain that Hillary Clinton has been making 'neo-McCarthyist' accusations about the Russian government involvement in the email hack without any evidence:
The Clinton camp has been able to project a neo-McCarthyist hysteria that Russia is responsible for everything. Hillary Clinton has stated multiple times, falsely, that 17 US intelligence agencies had assessed that Russia was the source of our publications. That's false – we can say that the Russian government is not the source. 
Hillary Clinton is just one person. I actually feel quite sorry for Hillary Clinton as a person, because I see someone who is eaten alive by their ambitions, tormented literally to the point where they become sick – for example faint – as a result of going on, and going with their ambitions. But she represents a whole network of people, and a whole network of relationships with particular states.
Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by Ryan Banister of The Daily Sheeple . 

ARTICLE


Ammon and Ryan have recently been released from the Multnomah County Jail following their acquittal on charges of leading an armed occupation of an Oregon wildlife refuge, but now face a number of new charges arising from an even that took place nearly two years ago.
An Oregon jury acquitted the brothers and five co-defendants last Wednesday of conspiracy to impede the jobs of federal officials at a national wildlife refuge.
The brothers left the downtown Portland jail and are now being flown to Las Vegas, where they will face more than a dozen felony charges relating to a 2014 event where the Bundys and their supporters had a stand-off with federal Bureau of Land Management agents. Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by Ryan Banister of The Daily Sheeple . 

ARTICLE


According to four newly filed lawsuits in Arizona, Nevada, Ohio and Pennsylvania, GOP presidential candidate Donald Trump and the Republican Party are conspiring to intimidate and suppress minority voters.
Documents filed cite the Voting Rights Act of 1965 and the Ku Klux Klan Act of 1871, which prohibit the intimidation and suppression of minority voters.
The GOP, Trump and Roger Stone are accused of 'conspiring to threaten, intimidate, and thereby prevent minority voters in urban neighborhoods from voting in the 2016 election.'
Democrats are asking courts to declare the Republican 'exit polling' and 'citizen journalist' initiatives illegal as a relief for this alleged intimidation.
Could this merely be a publicity stunt to attempt to curb the election in Clinton's favor? Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by The Daily Sheeple of www.TheDailySheeple.com . 
This content may be freely reproduced in full or in part in digital form with full attribution to the author and a link to www.TheDailySheeple.com. 

ARTICLE


Hillary-FBI situation too confusing? Here's a compilation of news clips that explain why the FBI had to reopen the Clinton email case.

(H/T to LibertyPen ) Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by The Daily Sheeple of www.TheDailySheeple.com . 
This content may be freely reproduced in full or in part in digital form with full attribution to the author and a link to www.TheDailySheeple.com. 

ARTICLE


Moments ago, after teasing its twitter followers to 'stay tuned for our FBI-DoJ #PodestaEmail special circa 4pm EST' Wikileaks released what appears to be part 28 of its Podesta dump, dubbed the 'DoJ/FBI/Huma special' and includes some 1,308 emails, bringing the total to 45,526 in total emails released.
RELEASE: The Podesta Emails Part 28 – DoJ/FBI/Huma special #PodestaEmails https://t.co/tIw3T6L6se 
More: https://t.co/v8OnMJnWsS 
— WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) November 3, 2016 

We assume the batch will be heavily focused on the DOJ, FBI and Huma, and will present readers with any relevant emails as we find them.
* * *
In an email from June 10, 2011 from now-campaign communication manager Jenn Palmieri to John Podesta and Neera Tanden, Palmieri writes – regarding Huma Abedin following the first Anthony Weiner scandal – that it is…
'Time to get in the haz mat suits… Bust in that house and get Huma the hell out of there.' 
Tanden responds 'Lord have mercy.''

We assume this was a reference to one of the early Anthony Weiner scandals, and a harbinger of things to come regarding Huma's husband. In retrospect, they should have followed their rhetorical advice.
* * *
On August 27, 2015, an email from Lanny Davis, special counsel to President Bill Clinton, and spokesperson for the President and the White House on matters concerning campaign-finance investigations and other legal issues, appears to suggest that both Fox news and Megyn Kelly were part of the campaign's pre-coordination with journalists. Davis tells Jen Palmieri the following 'personal' thoughts, which suggest getting a guarantee from Megyn Kelly that she won't be 'tough on Hillary ' in a proposed interview – which could be a 'ratings and media bonanza' – meant to explain why Hillary 'wiped' her server.
Dear Jen,
I know what I'm about to propose is very risky and will be instinctively viewed negatively on the first reaction. But because of the high advantages that I see, perfectly aware of the risks, I think this proposal should be considered.
I propose that the Secretary be on the Megyn Kelly File show for at least 30 minutes. I believe I can reduce the risks, since I know Megyn and Roger Ailes very well, by ensuring that the Secretary will have an opportunity to answer tough questions on emails and other issues without interruption. 
In fact , I believe it is in the interest of Secretary Clinton as well as Fox for the questions to be tough , something we should not fear as long as she has an opportunity to answer. I know she will do well with adequate preparation, and especially after yesterday's excellent statement taking full responsibility for mixing personal an official business on a single email device.
I still believe the issue of the wiping out of uthe private server still needs to be dealt with – e.g., simply stating that was done primarily to protect personal privacy on personal emails but she made the mistake of mixing personal with official on the server because she was using a single device, and she should have been more transparent shortly after she left office. 
This interview has the potential to be a ratings and media bonanza. I have confidence she would hit a political home run and have a massive audience to deliver her message without a filter. 
Of course there is a risk that Megan will try to show how tough she can be, even tougher than on Trump. I am assuming the worst case on that risk. But if we have a guarantee, which I believe We will get, that she will have an uninterrupted chance to respond to every question, and we have time to prepare, I think this could be a major plus and even a game changer in the various negative narratives about the Secretary being largely inaccessible and sometimes testy with the media. 
It would be so much better to be able to talk to you on the phone about this and discuss the pros and cons. If you are willing and available, what would be the best time in the best telephone number?
With warmest regards, and thanks as always for your consideration of my ideas,
Lanny

He follows up four days later with the following:
Would love a chance to talk on phone – a few additional background points re conversation I had with Roger Ailes and Megyn some time ago on the subject of HRC pre – announcement. 
It is unclear what was the ultimate fate of the 'personal' proposal. Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by Zero Hedge of www.zerohedge.com . 

ARTICLE


In an excerpt of a John Pilger Special interview, Julian Assange says that emails released by Wikileaks show that Hillary Clinton is intentionally misguiding voters about the degree to which US allies are supporting ISIS, and that Donald Trump will not be allowed into the oval office.
Assange explains that the same financial interests funding ISIS are funding Clinton. He references a 2014 email from John Podesta to Clinton, in which we find the following:
While this military/para-military operation is moving forward, we need to use our diplomatic and more traditional intelligence assets to bring pressure on the governments of Qatar and Saudi Arabia, which are providing clandestine financial and logistic support to ISIL and other radical Sunni groups in the region.

'I think this is the most significant email in the whole collection,' said Assange. 'All serious analysts know, and even the US government has agreed, that some Saudi figures have been supporting ISIS and funding ISIS, but the dodge has always been that it is some 'rogue' princes using their oil money to do whatever they like, but actually the government disapproves. But that email says that it is the government of Saudi Arabia, and the government of Qatar that have been funding ISIS.'
Pilger asked Assange about the possibility that Trump would steal the election with the help of Russia, as many in the Democratic party claim.
Assange thinks that this is highly unlikely, but not because he is unpopular. 'My analysis is that Trump would not be permitted to win. Why do I say that? Because he has had every establishment off his side. Trump does not have one establishment, maybe with the exception of the Evangelicals, if you can call them establishment,' he explained.
Assange says that Hillary is the establishment pick. 'Banks, intelligence, arms companies, foreign money, etc. are all united behind Hillary Clinton. And the media as well. Media owners, and the journalists themselves.' Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by The Daily Sheeple of www.TheDailySheeple.com . 
This content may be freely reproduced in full or in part in digital form with full attribution to the author and a link to www.TheDailySheeple.com. 

ARTICLE

In this News Brief, Joe Joseph is joined by good friend and legendary YouTuber 'ChangeDaChannel' to discuss the election and all the controversy surrounding the Clintons.
It's no surprise to most that the Clintons are as corrupt as they are, but it has been fairly surprising that with the abundance of evidence that has come forth, there isn't more outrage.
What can we expect in the days and weeks ahead? Joe and Ken muse about what's to come.

Watch on YouTube 
Source: 
BREAKING: I believe I have connected a convicted child abductor who was caught stealing children in Haiti with the Clintons from The_Donald 

Check out ChangeDaChannel on YouTube . Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by The Daily Sheeple of www.TheDailySheeple.com . 
This content may be freely reproduced in full or in part in digital form with full attribution to the author and a link to www.TheDailySheeple.com. 

ARTICLE


By Justin Gardner
The Colorado cannabis industry has quickly gone from bud to full flower, as indicated by a new in-depth data analysis by the Marijuana Policy Group.
Using a new 'Marijuana Impact Model' they say is the first to 'accurately characterize how this industry impacts the overall state economy,' the researchers confirmed the astounding positive impact that legalization has brought upon Colorado.
Legal cannabis activities generated an output of $2.39 billion in 2015, with almost $1 billion in sales for the year. The sales represent a 42.4 percent increase from the previous year, translating into a staggering 112 metric tons of buds and 132 metric tons of 'flower-equivalent' products (edibles, concentrates, etc.). 
Cannabis now ranks number six in terms of product sales, following closely behind cigarette sales. It beats gold mining by a large margin, and even performing arts and sports venues as well as all non-grain crop farming.
However, the real impact is seen when put in terms of 'output and employment per dollar spent,' where spending in the cannabis industry outperforms all private industries in Colorado – including coal and other mining, oil and gas, casinos, business services, general manufacturing and retail trade (incl. alcohol).
Each dollar spent on retail cannabis generates $2.40 in state output, while cannabis manufacturing follows with $2.34 and cannabis cultivation comes in at a close $2.13. Combining the three, cannabis is generating far more than any other entity, including federal government spending.
Much of this has to do with the fact that the Colorado cannabis industry operates almost entirely within the state, due to continuing prohibition in other states.
There is equally impressive news in the jobs sector, where legal cannabis created more than 18,000 jobs in a year .
'Legalization of marijuana created 18,005 full-time equivalent (FTE) jobs in 2015. Among those jobs, 12,591 were employees directly involved with the marijuana business — either in stores and dispensaries, cultivations, or infused product manufacturing operations. The remaining 5,414 full-time equivalent positions were generated by intermediate input purchases made by the cannabis industry for general business goods and services, and through general spending by marijuana industry employees and proprietors.'
Security guards comprise a significant portion of these indirect jobs, due in large part to the fact that the industry is still being forced to operate on a cash basis — because of asinine banking prohibitions by the federal government and the Federal Reserve .
This isn't stopping entrepreneurs and other productive individuals from taking advantage of the new, wildly popular market. Legal cannabis is having profound effects in many other industries, including commercial real estate, construction, and a raft of business services.
The cannabis industry itself is growing at a faster pace than any other sector, at an astonishing 42.4 percent. Colorado's general economic growth is at 3.5 percent and the U.S. average is 1.75 percent.
The growth analysis found a very interesting result that supports a primary argument for ending prohibition. 36.2 percent of the economic growth was the result of the disappearance of the black market. 
When people are free to indulge in the personal behavior of ingesting a substance – as they can with alcohol – they will naturally choose to do so through the legal market, even if it means having to pay exorbitant taxes.
And Colorado is gladly raking in this tax revenue.
'In 2015, marijuana taxes were the second largest revenue source among excise products in the state (e.g., tobacco, alcohol, and gaming).
Combined marijuana excise and sales tax revenues were $63.4 million in 2014, and $121.2 million in 2015. 5 For 2015, they were 14 percent larger than casino/gaming revenues, 6 about 5 percent less than lottery revenues, and almost three times larger than alcohol revenues.'
The huge increase in tax revenue is primarily caused by the rapid increase in recreational use sales since legalization in 2014, and the fact that recreational products are taxed at a much higher rate than medical cannabis products.
Interestingly, the report noted that a significant portion of the cannabis industry growth is coming from visitors who go to Colorado on cannabis vacations, rather than some other reason like skiing or hiking.
'This visitor demand segment is poised to grow from 14 metric tons in 2015, to 55.1 metric tons by 2020, based upon these new, sole-purpose visitors choosing Colorado as a marijuana destination.'
If there is one negative aspect to the report, it is that small cannabusinesses are struggling to stay alive as the industry becomes dominated by larger companies. While some of this is the natural result of competition, it appears that many of them are being regulated out of business by the state.
'Private industry owners purport that consolidation is not being caused purely by price competition, but instead by high compliance costs. For example, the owner of one of Colorado's largest retailers recently stated that many small operations are unable to properly comply with the state's complex regulations, leading them to exit the market.'
There lies the hidden barb of legalization. There's no question that ending prohibition is the right thing to do, but government tends to place needless, cumbersome burdens on free enterprise which favors larger conglomerates and smothers the little guy. This ultimately leads to less competition and the tendency for monopolies to develop, which makes it easier for government to siphon their taxes.
All in all, though, the analysis by the Marijuana Policy Group is heartening, and it shows other states how incredibly beneficial it is when people regain freedom and a new market is born. The report is especially timely, as nine states will be voting in less than a week to expand legal access to cannabis through recreational and medicinal means. Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by The Free Thought Project of thefreethoughtproject.com . 
The Free Thought Project is dedicated to holding those who claim authority over our lives accountable. 

ARTICLE


This past week, peaceful protesters were brutally arrested at Standing Rock in North Dakota attempting to protect their water from the Dakota Access Pipeline, which threatens the water of more than 18 million people in the US. Journalists and medics were arrested, cars were impounded and personal possessions were seized by police.
Once again, government officials brutalize and raise up arms against native people in a fight to steal yet more land and destroy it. It is clear to see that Morton County Sheriff's office is the primary security protecting the construction of this pipeline.
However, amidst the chaos, many forgot a small victory that occurred last week; nearly 50 water protectors stood against more than 250 police on a bridge on County Road 134.
As Desiree Kane of Yes! Magazine reports:
It was a strategic juncture because police vehicles couldn't cross the narrow embankments on their way to the raid. If they were stopped at this bridge from the east, they could only come from the north. In the morning, police did come, and from both sides. When I arrived, this blockade had already stopped an LRAD… Even as police numbers grew, eventually well beyond 200, the water protectors held their ground, fearless. Then the dancing began. People began dancing to a hand drum, entranced by the power of prayer.
One elderly man continuously proclaimed in a loud voice, 'Send one unarmed like I am out here to negotiate. Please. We are protecting the water for our children and yours. Send one out here to negotiate. Let's talk! Please!'
The police refused to negotiate, but after hours of this peaceful display of non-cooperation, the police retreated.
This means that those 250 jackbooted thugs could not make it from the east to join in the brutalizing of peaceful protesters. This is a victory, no matter how small. Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by Ryan Banister of The Daily Sheeple . 

ARTICLE

jkbj
I was shot by militarized police WHILE interviewing a man on camera at #StandingRock …and here's the footage. #NoDAPL https://t.co/FfWiSCbiKf pic.twitter.com/4DRwNPkfZ9 
— Erin Schrode (@ErinSchrode) November 3, 2016 
Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by Ryan Banister of The Daily Sheeple . 

ARTICLE


Former US President Bill Clinton and his wife Hillary, the current Democratic Party presidential nominee, have attracted billions of dollars to their own foundation to trade power and influence, Wall Street investor and analyst Charles Ortel told Sputnik. 
Charles Ortel is a veteran Wall Street investment analyst who has carried out major studies into the operation of the Clinton Foundation and its legal status, and runs a blog monitoring its activities. Ortel was the whistleblower that blew the lid off the General Electric financial discrepancies in 2008.
'The Clinton Foundation has been a gigantic slush fund,' Ortel said. 'People can donate relatively small sums to the Clinton regime and get gigantic concessions worth hundreds of millions or even billions of dollars back.' During the four years that Hillary Clinton was secretary of state, hundreds of millions of dollars flowed into the Clinton Foundation from governments around the world, many of which then enjoyed favored treatment from the US State Department, Ortel noted. 'To the world at large, the Clintons are open for business,' he stated. The US corporate media always refused to subject the Clinton Foundation to any kind of serious or skeptical coverage, in part because of fear of alienating the Clintons, Ortel explained. 'This is such a big story that the US press is not doing its job. What we have in 'Clinton Incorporated,' is Tammany Hall on steroids,' he said.
Read more: Clinton Foundation Operates as Giant Slush Fund for Buying Influence Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by Sputnik of Sputnik . 

ARTICLE


Crushing the hope-filled 'it's just a backup of what they have already seen' narrative of a campaign clutching at straws to defend their candidate, and confirming Fox News Bret Baier's earlier reporting , CBS News reports that the FBI has found new, non-duplicate emails related to Hilary Clinton's tenure as Secretary of State on Anthony Weiner's laptop .
Sources earlier described to Fox News' Bret Baier as an 'avalanche of evidence…' 
And tonight we are getting further clarification, from US Officials, as to what that evidence consists of (via CBS News) 
These emails, CBS News' Andres Triay reports, are not duplicates of emails found on Secretary Clinton's private server. 
At this point, however, it remains to be seen whether these emails are significant to the FBI's investigation into Clinton.
It is also not known how many relevant emails there are.
This is a major problem for the surrogates, lawyers, life-long friends, and defenders of the status quo as it destroys the narrative that has been painted suggesting these emails found on Weiner's laptop are merely backups of what law enforcement officials have already seen (and found no intent in).
But what is most intriguing is the question of whether the missing 33,000 'personal' emails 'deleted' by Bryan Pagliano in the full knowledge of Hillary Clinton (according to Wikileaks emails), are also on the estranged husband of Clinton right-hand-lady Huma Abedin's laptop.
As Federal law enforcement officials concluded to CBS News tonight :
'These emails have never been seen before' 
Fox's Bret Baier summed up what happens next…
'I pressed again and again on this very issue… The investigations will continue, there is a lot of evidence. 
And barring some obstruction in some way, they believe they will continue to likely an indictment .'
The noose is tightening…

Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by Zero Hedge of www.zerohedge.com . 

ARTICLE


Two days ago we wrote about a mutiny of CHAI management against the Clinton Foundation after they grew weary of donors' complaints about conflicts of interest…apparently donors weren't happy contributing money to the Clinton Foundation for their AIDS/HIV work only to find out later that the money never actually made it to the Clinton Health Initiative but instead stayed within the Clinton Foundation.
And, of course, the 2011/2012 feud between Doug Band and Chelsea Clinton is also something we've covered at great length (see here and here ).
Now, today's WikiLeaks dump reveals yet another gem in the Doug/Chelsea saga which draws in one of the 'Bush 43 kids.'
I just received a call from a close friend of wjcs who said that cvc told one of the bush 43 kids that she is conducting an internal investigation of money within the foundation from cgi to the foundation 
The bush kid then told someone else who then told an operative within the republican party 

'Not smart', indeed.
Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by Zero Hedge of www.zerohedge.com . 

ARTICLE


We the citizens and voters have to stop being enablers of systemic corruption. 
The overwhelming consensus of the punditry across the political spectrum is that 'Nothing Good Can Come of This Election'–and that's a very good thing. The handwringing goes like this: The country is deeply divided by schisms that cannot be bridged, every institution from the two parties to the mainstream media to the Department of Justice has been tarnished by cover-ups, collusion or worse; whomever wins the election will enter the presidency without a mandate, and so on.
Why is 'nothing good can come of this' good? Because ridding the nation of its political corruption will require hitting bottom. 
Just as an alcoholic or drug addict is incapable of making any truly positive changes until he/she hits absolute bottom, so it is with our tolerance of a corrupt political system that is poisoning the nation, one injection of corrupt cash, collusion and pay-to-play at a time.
If our rotten-to-the-core politics as usual is indeed flying off the cliff to complete destruction, that is an unalloyed good. 
Just as alcoholics continue down their self-destructive path with the aid of enablers, so too has the corrupt political order expanded with the aid of the Mainstream Media, insiders in the Department of Justice, K Street lobbyists and a veritable army of well-paid lackeys, pundits, academics, apparatchiks and assorted toadies in the organs of governance and in the big-money private sector and philanthro-capitalist dynasties of pay-to-play foundations.
The only way anything will truly change in the political order is if every Establishment insider politico loses every election, from the presidency to dogcatcher. Nothing will change until the mere existence of a private foundation like the Clinton Foundation triggers a landslide loss for the politico with ties to such corruption.
Nothing will change until the collusion of the mainstream media (supplying the insider candidate with debate questions, etc.) alone causes the colluding candidate to lose by a landslide.
Nothing will change until candidates who refuse to accept any donation larger than $100 from anyone or any entity beat the Goldman Sachs/Saudi prince-funded insider candidates by a landslide.
Nothing will change until candidates who fund costly negative TV advertising campaigns with millions in pay-to-play 'contributions' from Goldman Sachs et al. lose by a landslide.
You get the point: we the citizens and voters have to stop being enablers of systemic corruption. We have to stop being bamboozled by insiders with promises of 'hope and change' and the usual negative TV blitzes funded by corrupt big money.
It's easy to blame lax campaign laws or the corrupted candidates and their insider toadies, but ultimately we're responsible for enabling corruption, collusion, pay-for-play and a political and financial Elite that's above the law. 
From the point of view of the corrupted, colluding insiders, MSM flunkies, Department of Justice lackeys and well-paid parrot-pundits, nothing good can come from this election because half the voters may actually cast off the shackles of the nation's corrupt and corrupting political and financial Elites. 
This mass rejection of the politics as usual of corrupt and corrupting political and financial Elites is the highest possible good –a public good that eludes the hand-wringing corrupt insiders, pundits and toadies who have sucked up fortunes from the trough of putrid systemic corruption.
Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by Charles Hugh Smith of Of Two Minds . 

ARTICLE


As election day draws near, accusations against both US presidential candidates are becoming more and more brutal, with Fox News reporting the FBI believes up to five foreign intelligence agencies managed to hack into Hillary Clinton's private email server.
According to the report , there is about a 99 percent chance that the server used by then-Secretary of State Clinton for work communications in violation of security protocols was compromised. The allegations were confirmed by House Homeland Security Committee Chairman Michael McCaul, who said that FBI director James Comey had told him about the exposure previously.
'She exposed [information] to our enemies,' the Republican representative from Texas said on 'Fox & Friends' on Thursday morning. 'Our adversaries have this very sensitive information… In my opinion, quite frankly, it's treason.' 
McCaul added that there are concerns not only about the content of the emails, but also access to the communication protocols of special access programs used on government-issued electronic devices.
'Now countries like Russia and China and Iran have the most highly-sensitive programs in the United States. And the President of the US is communicating with them,' he alleged. 'They are not stupid. They can figure that out as well.' 
McCaul has said earlier that he has been briefing Republican candidate Donald Trump on security issues.
Director Comey previously hinted at the possibility that foreign nations had hacked into Clinton's server, but the Democrat candidate pushed back, saying the FBI director was 'speculating.'
The new accusations come after the FBI relaunched an investigation into the use of Clinton's private server after discovering additional emails on the laptop of ex-Representative Anthony Weiner in the course of a separate investigation. Weiner's electronic devices, as well as those belonging to his wife, senior Clinton aide Huma Abedin, were seized during that probe.
After the bombshell that investigation was being reopened dropped last week, some Democrats accused the FBI director of trying to influence the election. Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by RT.com of RT.com . 

ARTICLE

The FBI's October surprise has thrown the 2016 election into November chaos. But an examination of the trigger mechanism behind this event reveals a deeper layer of manipulation by the media and financial interests behind the election. This is the GRTV Backgrounder with your host James Corbett. This report also includes an Interview with Prof. Michel Chossudovsky.

Visit GlobalResearch.ca 
Visit CorbettReport.com Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by Activist Post of www.activistpost.com . 

ARTICLE


Over 2,500 hacked Clinton Campaign staff emails have been released by Wikileaks, bringing the total number of emails released to over 50,000. In the most recent batch, there is a transcript of a paid speech given by Bill Clinton at a 'Hillary for America' fundraiser while Hillary was secretary of state.
An email from January 2016 from Tina Flournoy, Bill Clinton's aide, had an attached document with a transcript of a speech given by Bill Clinton at the home of Mike and Patti Miller in October 2015.
'I haven't run for office in 20 years, and yet every election I feel like an old horse that once won a bunch of races and somebody comes to the barn, gives me an extra bale of hay, hauls me on the track and slaps me on the rump, just to see if I can get around one more time,' Bill Clinton joked.
Speaking about the presidential primary debates, Clinton said, 'These people actually think they can insult their way to the White House, or compete with each other for who can say the most politically correct things.'
Speaking of the Iran nuclear deal, he said:
Even the people that don't like this Iran nuclear agreement like the sanctions that were imposed on Iran. She did that, and she got Russia and China to go along… you don't know yet whether this Iranian thing is going to be good or bad. It depends on whether we enforce it. And you've got to have somebody in there tough enough, with enough connections in these other countries, to enforce the trigger that will re-impose the sanctions if they violate the rules.
Speaking about Republicans who oppose Hillary Clinton, Bill said:
Because, don't be fooled: these guys do a lot of serious psychological studies. And they know that if you badmouth somebody enough in the press, day in and day out, especially if you've got your own microphone with Fox News, even if every single charge turns out to be false, you can hurt them.
Referring to a call he received from Barack Obama to tell him that Osama Bin Laden was killed, Bill said:
I could take CIA papers every day if I wanted to. I don't, because of Hillary's jobs in the Senate and Secretary of State, because I give too many public speeches and I'd hate to accidentally say something that I read in a government document.
  Delivered by The Daily Sheeple 
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos ( Click for details ). 
Contributed by The Daily Sheeple of www.TheDailySheeple.com . 
This content may be freely reproduced in full or in part in digital form with full attribution to the author and a link to www.TheDailySheeple.com. 

