ARTICLE

This handout picture released by the Venezuelan Presidency shows supporters of Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro cheering during a gathering in Caracas on October 26, 2016. (Photo by AFP) 
Tens of thousands of pro and anti-government protesters have gathered on the streets of Venezuela's capital Caracas. 
During Wednesday's mass rallies, in which over 20 people were injured and 39 were detained, the opponents accused President Nicolas Maduro of violating the constitutional order and blocking a recall referendum aimed at removing him from power. 
They also called for his immediate resignation. Opposition supporters take part in a rally against Venezuela's President Nicolas Maduro next to a poster of him in Caracas, Venezuela, October 26, 2016. (Photo by Reuters) 
'This is a way of pressuring Maduro so he understands that he has to go," said one protester. "Being passive is no use anymore. We have to apply more pressure," another one added. 
Meanwhile, large numbers of pro-government protesters gathered near the Miraflores presidential palace in a show of support for Maduro. 
As the protests were being held, the president engaged in crisis security talks in reaction to the demonstrators' demands. In a televised speech after the talks, he called for "political dialogue and peace in Venezuela." This handout picture released by the Venezuelan Presidency shows Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro delivering a speech to supporters during a gathering in Caracas on October 26, 2016. (Photo by AFP) 
Maduro is adamant about Washington's role in his country's political and economic woes, and has accused the opposition of conspiring with the US against the South American country. 
"They are desperate, they have received the order from the north to destroy the Venezuelan revolution," he added. 
On Tuesday, Maduro accused the opposition of attempting a 'parliamentary coup' by voting to launch an impeachment process against him. 
'There has never been a parliamentary coup in Venezuela, and we shall not allow anything like this to happen, the right-wing here and there should know this,' Maduro said during a massive rally by his supporters outside the presidential palace. Opposition supporters take part in a rally against President Nicolas Maduro's government in Caracas, Venezuela, October 26, 2016. (Photo by Reuters) 
The opposition-controlled National Assembly agreed to initiate the impeachment process against Maduro earlier on Tuesday in reaction to blocking a bid to recall him last week. 
The political standoff in Venezuela has worsened since the October 20 suspension of the opposition push to hold a referendum to try to recall Maduro. Back then, four state courts said the signature-gathering process for the referendum had been 'fraudulent,' effectively blocking it. Loading ...
ARTICLE

US air strikes in Afghanistan increase in 2016 Sun Oct 30, 2016 6:12PM A US drone aircraft lands at Afghanistan's Jalalabad Airport. © AFP 
Amin AlemiPress TV, Kabul 
A number of US military officials have declared that America has conducted 700 air raids in Afghanistan in 2016. The figure shows a 4 percent increase in such strikes compared to last year. Afghan officials, however, believe that the country can fight terror groups without support from US forces. Loading ...
ARTICLE

Lebanon Lebanese Foreign Minister Gebran Bassil gestures to his supporters during a rally to show support for FPM founder Michel Aoun, near the presidential palace in Baabda, near Beirut, Lebanon, October 16, 2016. (Photo by Reuters) 
Lebanon's Minister of Foreign Affairs Gebran Bassil says the Lebanese resistance movement Hezbollah shares the victory of Michel Aoun in securing the country's presidency. 
Aoun, a strong Hezbollah ally, was chosen by Lebanese lawmakers as the country's president on Monday. 
Addressing a large number of people who had converged at a square in Beirut to celebrate Aoun's election, Bassil, who is also the head of the Free Patriotic Movement (FPM) and Aoun's son-in-law, said his movement never doubted Hezbollah's 'loyalty' and 'honesty.' Aoun is the founder of the FPM. 
He said Aoun's victory was based on his own perseverance as well as the positions adopted by Sayyed Hassan Nasrallah, who is Hezbollah's secretary general. 
In a phone call on the same day, Nasrallah congratulated Aoun on his election as the head of the Lebanese state. This image, taken in the southern suburbs of Beirut on October 31, 2016, shows people celebrating the election of Michel Aoun as the new president of Lebanon. 
Nasrallah endorsed Aoun last week, advising Lebanese political factions to set aside their differences in order to fill the presidential void in the Arab country. 
Lebanon had been without a president for over two years amid political bickering in the parliament. 
After the election, Aoun vowed in a speech to the parliament that he would spare no effort in trying to bring about the liberation of Lebanese territories occupied by Israel. 
He said his top priority would be to strengthen the army in order for it to become capable of defending the country against all threats to its independence and sovereignty. 
Hezbollah has been defending Lebanon against Israeli aggression since the movement's inception, including during a full-fledged Israeli war in 2006. 
(This item is being updated.) Loading ... 
ARTICLE

Le terrorisme régional vise à protéger les intérêts d'Israël Wed Oct 26, 2016 9:35AM Iran Le ministre iranien de la Défense, le général Hossein Dehqan. ©Tasnim #iran #terrorisme 
Selon le ministre iranien de la Défense, le général de brigade Hossein Dehqan, l'objectif de la création et de la propagation du terrorisme et de l'extrémisme dans la région est de protéger le régime israélien. 
Le général Hossein Dehqan, ministre iranien de la Défense, a indiqué, lors d'une réunion du comité stratégique de défense de ce ministère, que la création et l'extension du terrorisme et de l'extrémisme visaient à protéger les intérêts du régime israélien, à maintenir l'instabilité dans la région et à y prolonger la présence des forces d'occupation arrogantes. 
"Les États-Unis et leurs alliés régionaux et internationaux scandent des slogans humanitaires d'un côté, mais de l'autre ils donnent le feu vert aux groupes terroristes tels que Fatah al-Cham (ex-Front al-Nosra), les autorisant ainsi à enfermer les civils dans les zones de combat et à les utiliser comme boucliers humains pour endiguer les opérations antiterroristes de l'armée syrienne, ce qui assure la survie des terroristes," a dit le ministre iranien de la Défense. 
"Pourtant, l'une des priorités et des principales préoccupations des commandants du front de la Résistance, est de sauver le peuple et de préparer leur évacuation hors des régions non sécurisées. C'est avec ce même souci qu'ils ont sauvé, d'ores et déjà, la vie de milliers de gens sans défense", poursuit-il. 
"Dans tout lieu où une opération antiterroriste se dirigeait vers la victoire, les États-Unis et leurs alliés ont recouru à des projets mensongers de cessez-le-feu et procédéà des démarches prétendument pacifistes, dans le but, en fait, de sauver les terroristes, alors qu'au moment où les terroristes commettaient crimes et massacres, ils n'avaient fait qu'observer le silence.", a regretté le général Dehqan. 
"Dès le début de la formation des groupes terroristes takfiristes, la RII avait mis en garde contre les maux inimaginables que causeraient ces derniers en menaçant la sécurité de la région, voire du monde entier. L'ordre de l'Arrogance poursuit toutefois tous ses soutiens à ces groupes extrémistes", a-t-il rappelé. 
Le ministre iranien de la Défense a exigé alors que l'on mette fin à la crise régionale, ce qui n'est possible, selon le responsable iranien, qu'avec la fin du soutien des États-Unis et de leurs alliés au terrorisme, le rejet du projet de démembrement des pays de la région, la reconnaissance des gouvernements légaux et l'aide à la lutte contre le terrorisme. Loading ... 
ARTICLE

Military An American soldier talks with Saudi troops. (File photo by the US Army) 
A US congressman has warned that American troops could be prosecuted for providing military support to the Saudi war on Yemen. 
Ted Lieu made the warning in a letter to US Secretary of State John Kerry and Defense Secretary Ashton Carter, saying the US government's denial of target selection for Saudi airstrikes in Yemen does not excuse Washington from legal responsibilities. 
'I find it deeply troubling that the US apparently has no advanced knowledge of what targets will be struck by jets that are refueled by US personnel with US tankers,' Lieu said in his letter. 
'The US would appear to be violating LOAC [laws of armed conflict] and international standards by engaging in such direct military operations if US personnel are not aware if targets are civilian or military, if the loss of life and property are disproportional, or if the operation is even militarily necessary,' he noted. A Yemeni boy walks past a mural depicting a US drone and reading: "Why did you kill my family." (Photo by AFP) 
Pointing to the 18-month involvement of the US in Saudi war on the Yemeni people, the Democratic congressman stressed that Washington had knowledge of a bombardment campaign hitting civilian targets, including schools and hospitals, multiple times. 
'US personnel are now at legal risk of being investigated and potentially prosecuted for committing war crimes. Under international law, a person can be found guilty of aiding and abetting war crimes. Under US law, a person can be found guilty for conspiring to commit war crimes,' Lieu wrote. 
The Pentagon has been providing logistic and surveillance support to Saudi Arabia in its military aggression against Yemen, the kingdom's impoverished southern neighbor, which has killed more than 10,000 Yemenis since its onset in March 2015. 
The unprovoked war started by a coalition of Saudi-allies in an attempt to undermine the Houthi Ansarullah movement and reinstate former Yemeni President Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi, a staunch ally of the Riyadh regime. 
Washington has on several occasions criticized the Saudi regime for its crimes against humanity in Yemen, but has shown no sign of ending its support for Riyadh. US Representative Ted Lieu of California addresses delegates on the fourth and final day of the Democratic National Convention at Wells Fargo Center on July 28, 2016 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. (Photo by AFP) 
In August, the US State Department approved the sale of more than 130 Abrams tanks, 20 armored recovery vehicles and other equipment worth about $1.15 billion to Saudi Arabia. 
Saudi-led bombardments have struck hospitals, markets and other places where civilians gather. 
In September, Amnesty International reported that a US manufactured bomb had been used in a Saudi strike against a Doctors Without Borders hospital in Yemen's northwestern province of Hajjah which claimed the lives of 19 people. 
In October, more than 140 people lost their lives and over 525 others sustained injuries after Saudi military aircraft struck a hall in the Yemeni capital of Sana'a, where rows of people were attending a funeral. Yemeni rescue workers pull out a victim from amid the rubble following a Saudi airstrike against a packed funeral site in the capital, Sana'a, on October 8, 2016. (Photo by AFP) 
UN Humanitarian Coordinator for Yemen Jamie McGoldrick said last month that the death toll from the Saudi military aggression could rise even further as some areas had no medical facilities, and that people were often buried without any official record being made. Loading ... 
ARTICLE

Yemen's Hudaydah suffering from dire humanitarian situation Sat Nov 5, 2016 2:28AM Critical humanitarian situation continues in Yemen's southern city of al-Hudaydah. 
Mohammed al-AttabPress TV, Hudaydah 
Yemeni officials have warned of a dire humanitarian crisis in Hudaydah due to Saudi Arabia's blockade on the port city. They say the Saudi aggression has left people with little access to proper medical care as well as basic commodities. Press TV's Mohammed al-Attab reports from Hudaydah. Loading ... 
ARTICLE

Interviews The FBI probe was inevitable 'because of the metastasizing of the links and the connections that the Clinton Foundation had, most specifically and grievously to Saudi Arabia, to Qatar,' says American analyst Scott Bennett. 
The ongoing federal investigation into the Clinton Foundation was expected because of the Clinton family's ties with US enemies, says Scott Bennett, a former US Army psychological warfare officer. 
The FBI has been probing possible pay-to-play schemes at the family foundation for over a year now and is 'likely' to press charges against it, Fox News reported Wednesday, citing informed officials. 
Bennett told Press TV on Friday that the probe was inevitable 'because of the metastasizing of the links and the connections that the Clinton Foundation had, most specifically and grievously to Saudi Arabia, to Qatar,' and many other countries blacklisted by Washington. 
It was revealed on Friday that the Clinton Foundation took a $1 million gift from Qatar during Hillary Clinton's tenure as the US secretary of state, without her informing the State Department. 
Hillary decided to not inform the department of the transaction, despite signing an ethics agreement with regards to the foundation when she became secretary of state. 
According to the foundation's website, Qatar has so far given the Clintons a total of between $1 million and $5 million over the years. 
Aside from Qatar, Saudi Arabia has also been one of the Clinton Foundation's biggest donors. It became known in 2008 that the kingdom had given them between $10 million and $25 million. 
'So those terrorist entities, which have been labeled as the enemies of the United States, have been appearing as Clinton Foundation donors,' Bennett said. 
'That is a serious crime, it is treason, it is corruption, it is bribery of officials,' said the analyst. 
Bennett argued that all the leaks and investigations concerning the Clinton family were coming from 'those personnel in the American government who have had enough.' 
'They have stepped up, they have released emails, they have hacked into their own computers and in some cases they have provided it to WikiLeaks,' he added. 
Whistle-blowing website WikiLeaks has released thousands of Hillary's campaign chairman and top aide John Podesta's emails since last month, exposing some of the well-kept secrets surrounding the Clinton family and Hillary Clinton's bid for the White House. 
Bennett predicted that the case would 'most probably' lead to indictments and some people would be arrested as early as this weekend. Loading ... 
ARTICLE

UK royals in Bahrain amid crackdown Wed Nov 9, 2016 9:9AM Persian Gulf Britain's Prince Charles speaks to Bahrain's Crown Prince Salman bin Hamad bin Isa Al Khalifa upon arriving in the Bahraini capital Manama on November 8, 2016. (Photo by AP) 
Britain's Prince Charles and his wife Camilla have arrived in Bahrain on a three-nation tour of the Persian Gulf states amid strong criticism of London's continued arms sales to the repressive regime in Manama. 
The plane carrying the British royals touched down at Sakhir Air Base in central Bahrain on Tuesday on the last leg of the tour, which had already taken them to Oman and the United Arab Emirates. 
They were received by Bahrain's Crown Prince Salman bin Hamad bin Isa Al Khalifah and then taken to a nearby palace to meet with the country's King Hamad bin Isa Al Khalifah. 
Since 2011, the United Kingdom has sold 55 million dollars worth of arms to Bahrain. The year saw the eruption of peaceful anti-regime protests on the island. 
London has been under fire by international rights organizations for selling military equipment to Manama, which is involved in a harsh and deadly crackdown on opposition activists. 
It was reported late last month that the UK will open a massive permanent military base in Bahrain and deploy warships to the Persian Gulf. A Bahraini protester shouts slogans during clashes with regime forces in the village of Sitra, south of Manama, on February 12, 2015. (Photo by AFP) 
The military base, which is the first such facility being opened by Britain in 40 years in the Persian Gulf region, will be launched next month, Britain's Express newspaper reported. 
Britain will station around 600 military forces at the Royal Navy Facility and will deploy its warships to patrol the surrounding waters and guard oil and gas shipments in the waters. 
When Britain kicked off the project in 2014, Defense Secretary Michael Fallon described it as 'a permanent expansion of the Royal Navy's footprint' in the Persian Gulf. The project has bypassed the parliament. 
According to data released by the UK Trade and Investment in September, the UK government has become the world's second biggest arms dealer, with bulk of its weapons fueling deadly conflicts in the Middle East. Loading ... 
ARTICLE

Politics US actor Robert De Niro (Photo by AFP) 
Hollywood actor Robert De Niro, who had criticized Americans for putting an 'idiot' like Donald Trump in a position where he might become the US president, now says he respects him because he is the president-elect of the United States. 
Before the November 8 presidential election, De Niro had been enlisted along with several other actors to speak in a non-partisan video encouraging Americans to vote in. But the 73-year-old actor defied script and delivered a scathing rebuke of Trump. 
'He's so blatantly stupid. He's a punk, he's a dog, he's a pig [...] a mutt who [...] doesn't do his homework, doesn't care. He's an idiot. Colin Powell said it best: He's a national disaster. He's an embarrassment to this country,' the Raging Bull actor said. 
'It makes me so angry that this country has gotten to this point that this fool, this bozo, has wound up where he has,' he stated. 
'He talks how he wants to punch people in the face? Well, I'd like to punch him in the face,' De Niro said. 
But after the Republican presidential nominee was declared the 45th president-elect on Wednesday, De Niro clarified that he would no longer like to punch Trump because the man was elected to the highest seat in political office. 
The veteran actor, however, told Jimmy Kimmel on his late-night show on ABC News that he is 'not feeling good' after Trump's victory, which caused protests and student walkouts across the country. 
Protesters on Wednesday slammed Trump's divisive campaign rhetoric against immigrants, refugees, Muslims and ethnic minorities. 
De Niro said he has to respect Trump because of his new position - which means no punching. 
'Are you still going to punch Donald Trump in the face?' Kimmel asked the actor, 'because you could now get arrested for that, I think." 
'I can't do that now, he's the President,' replied De Niro. 'And I have to respect that position, although we all know what he… We have to see what he's gonna do and how he's really gonna follow through on certain things. As we can see now in a lot of cities, a lot of people are getting very upset and protesting.' 
Many renowned figures, including some heads of states and other high-ranking officials, had publicly denounced Trump -- some even used abusive language against him -- in the run-up to the November 8 presidential election. But several of them have now softened their stance and some even sent messages of congratulations to the president-elect. Loading ...
ARTICLE

Persian Gulf This photo shows anti-regime protesters taking part in a demonstration in the village of Musalla, Bahrain, on November 11, 2016. 
Bahrainis have taken to the streets in several villages and towns in support of senior Shia cleric Sheikh Isa Qassim. 
On Friday, a mass protest was held near Imam Sadiq mosque in the village of Diraz, the hometown of the cleric. 
The demonstrators condemned Manama's continued ban on holding Friday prayers in the village. 
On June 20, Bahraini authorities stripped the 79-year-old cleric of his citizenship, less than a week after suspending the al-Wefaq National Islamic Society, the country's main opposition bloc, and dissolving the Islamic Enlightenment Institution, founded by Qassim, and the opposition al-Risala Islamic Association. 
People in the villages of Shakhoura and Abu Saiba also demonstrated in solidarity with Sheikh Qassem and the political detainees despite tightened security measures. 
Similar anti-regime demonstrations were held in the villages of Ma'ameer, Karbabad, Shahrakan, Sehla al-Janoubia and Musalla as well as the town of A'ali and the island of Nabih Saleh. 
The protesters also condemned the Al Khalifah regime for its persecution of the Shia community. 
Thousands of anti-regime protesters have held numerous demonstrations in Bahrain on an almost daily basis ever since a popular uprising began in the country on February 14, 2011. The protesters demand that the Al Khalifah dynasty relinquish power. 
Scores of people have lost their lives and hundreds of others sustained injuries or got arrested as a result of the regime's crackdown. Loading ...
ARTICLE

Politics US Senator Bernie Sanders 
Former US Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders has threatened President-elect Donald Trump, warning that his camp will be Trump's 'worst nightmare' if he goes after minorities in America. 
"If Donald Trump takes people's anger and turns it against Muslims, Hispanics, African Americans and women, we will be his worst nightmare," the Vermont senator wrote on his Twitter page on Thursday. 
The 74-year-old senator had earlier issued a statement after the New York businessman's victory in the US election on November 8, promising to work with him on certain issues but also to oppose him should he pursue divisive and discriminatory policies. 
'To the degree that Mr. Trump is serious about pursuing policies that improve the lives of working families in this country, I and other progressives are prepared to work with him,' Sanders said. 
'To the degree that he pursues racist, sexist, xenophobic and anti-environment policies, we will vigorously oppose him,' he added. 
During the primaries, Sanders ran a close race with Clinton and promised to continue the fight all the way until the Democratic National Convention in June, where the party's nominee was going to be named. 
Towards the end of the race, however, Sanders changed his tone and bowed out in favor of Clinton. He also appeared next to her during the DNC and supported his party opponent in the Democratic campaigns. 
On July 12, 2016, Sanders formally endorsed Clinton after facing mounting pressure from major Democratic figures, including outgoing US President Barack Obama himself. US Republican president-elect Donald Trump delivers his acceptance speech during his election night event at the New York Hilton Midtown in the early morning hours of November 9, 2016 in New York City. (Photo by AFP) 
On Tuesday, Trump stunned the world by defeating heavily favored Clinton in the presidential election, sending the United States on a new, uncertain path. 
Trump rode a wave of anger toward the elite US establishment to win the White House race against Clinton, a longtime Washington insider. 
The New York businessman garnered 290 electoral votes in the 2016 US election, while his rival and the former secretary of state received 232 votes despite winning the popular vote. 
Thousands of people since then have rallied in cities across the US to protest against Trump's presidential election victory, condemning his controversial campaign rhetoric against Muslims, immigrants, women and other groups. 
This is while Trump said in his victory speech he would be president for all Americans. "It is time for us to come together as one united people,' he said. 
The real estate mogul's election campaign had been marred by his disparaging remarks against minorities in the US. His comments include a call to ban all Muslims from coming to America as well as stopping Mexican migrants by building a long wall along the US-Mexico border. 
He has also sought for a database to track Muslims across the United States and said that the US would have "absolutely no choice" but to close down mosques. 
Trump's proposal was widely condemned by Muslim and human rights groups as well as his Democratic rivals and many of his Republican proponents who describe the proposal as divisive, counterproductive and contrary to American values. Loading ... 
ARTICLE

Pakistan People gather outside an emergency ward of a local hospital in Karachi after hearing the news of a bomb blast at Shah Noorani shrine Lasbella district, Balochistan province, Pakistan, November 12, 2016. (Photo by AP) 
At least 47 people, including women and children, have been killed and over 110 others injured in a huge bomb explosion in Pakistan's Balochistan province. 
The blast hit Shah Noorani shrine in Lasbela district on Saturday evening, Balochistan's Home Minister Sarfaraz Bugti said. 
The shrine is located about 100 kilometers north of the port city of Karachi. Staff members of a local hospital in Karachi wait for casualties of a bomb blast at Shah Noorani shrine in Balochistan province, Pakistan, November 12, 2016. (Photo by AP) 
The injured, he added, would be taken to hospitals in Lasbela, Khuzdar or Civil Hospital in Karachi as there are no medical centers available in the area. 
Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif denounced the bomb attack, calling on authorities to speed up the rescue operation. 
Reports say some 500 people were in the shrine when the bomb went off. 
"Every day, around sunset, there is a dhamaal (a Sufi ritual dance) here, and there are large numbers of people who come for this," said Nawaz Ali, the shrine's custodian. 
The Daesh terror group has claimed responsibility for the deadly attack. 
Pakistani security officials are saying the terrorist attack was in response to the killing of Jundullah chief by Pakistani police which took place in the early hours of Friday morning. 
On October 24, Daesh also claimed responsibility for the killing of at least 60 people in an attack by its terrorists on a police college in Baluchistan's provincial capital Quetta. It was one of the deadliest attacks on Pakistan's security forces in recent years. 
In August, Daesh claimed responsibility for another attack on a gathering of mourners at a hospital in Quetta, where 70 people were killed. The attack was also claimed by Pakistani Taliban faction Jamaat-ul-Ahrar. 
Pakistan's restive and mineral-rich Balochistan province is rife with separatist, extremist and sectarian violence and has been the scene of several bomb and gun attacks over the past years. Loading ... 
ARTICLE

Politics FBI Director James Comey (AFP file photo) 
Hillary Clinton's top advisers blame FBI Director James Comey for the Democrat's bruising loss to President-elect Donald Trump. 
Navin Nayak, the head of the Clinton campaign's opinion research division, sent an email to senior staffers Thursday, outlining 'early signals' as to why the candidate lost the November 8 presidential election, POLITICO reported on Friday. 
'We believe that we lost this election in the last week,' said Nayak's email, which was published by POLITICO. ' Comey's letter in the last 11 days of the election both helped depress our turnout and also drove away some of our critical support among college-educated white voters — particularly in the suburbs.' 
'We also think Comey's 2nd letter, which was intended to absolve Sec. Clinton, actually helped to bolster Trump's turnout,' he continued. 
The letter also highlighted several other challenges the Clinton team faced throughout the campaign, including a desire for change after two terms by a Democratic president and the reluctance of some Americans to vote for a female candidate. Hillary Clinton makes a concession speech after being defeated by Donald Trump in New York on November 9, 2016. (Photo by AFP) 
Despite those challenges, Nayak said, Clinton was on course to win until the last week, when 'everything changed" and the momentum began to shift in favor of Trump. 
'Voters who decided in the last week broke for Trump by a larger margin (42-47). These numbers were even more exaggerated in the key battleground states,' he said. 
The FBI director angered Democrats late in October by announcing in a letter to Congress that the agency had uncovered new emails connected to the Clinton email investigation. 
Just over a week later, Comey notified Congress that Clinton would not face charges over the newly discovered messages. 
Nayak said Comey's letters encouraged Trump supporters and depressed the turnout for Clinton on Election Day. 
'There is no question that a week from Election Day, Sec. Clinton was poised for a historic win. In the end, less than 110K votes out of tens of millions cast on Election Day made the difference in this race,' he wrote. 
'In the end,' Nayak concluded, 'late breaking developments in the race proved one hurdle too many for us to overcome.' 
Clinton had been leading Trump throughout the campaign in most of the polls except for the last week of the election when she lost ground to Trump.
ARTICLE

US admits Afghan strike likely caused civilian deaths Sat Nov 5, 2016 8:17PM Military In this photograph taken on September 29, 2016, an Afghan pilot stands next to a line of US-made MD-530 Helicopters in Kabul. (photo by AFP) 
The commander of US forces in Afghanistan has promised an investigation into the recent death of more than 30 Afghan civilians, including women and children, in an airstrike. 
General John Nicholson said Saturday that the airstrike on the village of Buz Kandahari, just outside the northern city of Kunduz on Thursday, would be probed. 
Three Taliban leaders were supposed to be targeted in the raid, but the forces met 'significant enemy fire from multiple locations" and called for help from a US aircraft, which left 33 civilians, including 17 children, dead. 
"An initial investigation has determined that efforts near Kunduz on November 3 to defend Afghan National Defense and Security Forces likely resulted in civilian casualties," Nicholson said in a statement. "We will work with our Afghan partners to investigate and determine the facts and we will work with the government of Afghanistan to provide assistance." 
The targets were high-ranking elements of the Takfiri group that were supposed to be hit in their houses, according to Afghan Defense Ministry spokesman Dawlat Waziri. 
"They weren't ordinary people who had gathered. They were leading fighting in Kunduz. They were the commanders of their military commission," Waziri said. 
Taliban militants were removed from power following the 2001 US-led invasion of Afghanistan, but they have stepped up their activities in recent months, attempting to overrun several provinces. 
Afghan forces have been engaged in fierce clashes with Taliban to contain the ongoing insurgency across various parts of the violence-wrecked country. 
The rising violence in Afghanistan comes despite the presence of thousands of foreign troops in the country. Loading ... 
ARTICLE

Syria This October 19, 2016 photo provided by Norwegian Armed Forces shows a plane taking off from Russian aircraft carrier Admiral Kuznetsov (R) with helicopters escorting nuclear-powered battle cruiser Pyotr Veliky (L) southwest of the city of Trondheim in international waters on its way to the Mediterranean. 
A fleet of Russian warships has entered the eastern Mediterranean off the coast of Syria amid speculations that Moscow and Damascus are about to launch a massive operation against terrorists in the northern Syrian city of Aleppo. 
The commander of Russian aircraft carrier Admiral Kuznetsov told state-owned Russia-1 television network on Saturday that the military vessels were positioned in the 'designated zone... in the eastern Mediterranean and are now jointly carrying out tasks, maneuvering to the west of the Syrian coast.' 
Captain 1st rank Sergei Artamonov added that fighter jets have already started taking off from the carrier's deck to survey the conflict zone. 
'Flights are being carried out from the deck... they are working on coordination with the shore port. The flights have been going on practically every day for the last four days,' the high-ranking Russian naval commander pointed out. 
The remarks came a day after Russia's Interfax news agency reported that Russian MiG and Sukhoi warplanes routinely fly from the Kuznetsov aircraft carrier into the Syrian airspace to 'determine combat missions.' 
Meanwhile, the commander of the Pyotr Veliky nuclear-powered battle cruiser, Captain 1st rank Vladislav Malakhovsky, said on Saturday that no foreign aircraft dared to 'come closer than 50 kilometers' away from the Russian fleet. This file photo shows Russian frigate Admiral Grigorovich on its way to the Mediterranean. (Photo by Reuters) 
On November 4, Russian frigate Admiral Grigorovich passed through the Bosphorus Strait in northwestern Turkey and arrived off the Syrian coast. 
Grigorovich is reportedly capable of launching land-attack Kalibr cruise missiles, which are equivalent to US Tomahawk ones and equipped with the latest high precision guidance systems. 
Russia has been bombing Daesh and Jabhat Fateh al-Sham, formerly known as the al-Nusra Front, terror groups in Syria since September 30, 2015 at the official request of President Bashar al-Assad. 
Backed by Russia's aerial campaign, the Syrian troops have retaken several militant-held areas in the Arab country. 
Syria has been gripped by foreign-backed militancy since March 2011. United Nations Special Envoy for Syria Staffan de Mistura estimates that over 400,000 people have been killed in the conflict. Loading ... 
ARTICLE

Russia Russian President Vladimir Putin delivers a speech during an international conference dedicated to the 175th anniversary of Sberbank in Moscow on November 10, 2016. (Photos by AFP) 
Russian President Vladimir Putin has stressed that his country's military is not a threat and would not be attacking anybody. 
'Our Armed Forces are not threatening anybody…I would like to stress once again, to make sure everyone hears – not only people in this hall,' said Putin while giving a speech in Russia's Yaroslavl on Saturday. 
Referring to claims that Russia might attack other countries, especially its neighbors in the Baltics, Putin asked, 'Why would we do this?' 
'We have the biggest territory in the world, like I said, everyone knows it, and we need to provide effectively security for our own country, for our own people,' he added. 
He noted that Russia's armed forces are perfectly capable of providing security, and that developing the forces will continue. He also hailed efforts made so far to make the military 'efficient… modern and highly effective.' 
'The number of military drills has increased multiple times, including snap checks, which for some reasons from time to time worry our counterparts, let's call them as such for now," he added. 
He added that other countries' drills do not worry Russia. The Russian army must be 'compact, but highly effective. Thus we shall continue the structural reform, and we shall keep optimizing the personnel, but without any mass cuts." Russian female cadets take part in the military parade at Red Square in Moscow on November 7, 2016. 
Putin's remarks come at a time that NATO aims to send 'battle groups' to the Baltic states and Poland early next year. The groups will consist of 40,000 forces. It will be the biggest military buildup near Russia since the Second World War. More forces would also be deployed if necessary. 
NATO suspended all ties with Moscow in April 2014, after the then-Ukrainian Crimea Peninsula voted in a referendum to join Russian territory. Loading ... 
