ARTICLE

Home '∫ POLITICS | WORLD NEWS '∫ RESEARCHER FINDS LINK BETWEEN BANKERS & WIKILEAKS AFFILIATES MURDERS RESEARCHER FINDS LINK BETWEEN BANKERS & WIKILEAKS AFFILIATES MURDERS 0 SHARES [10/26/16] CHRISTOPHER KEMMETT 'ì Julian Assange, founder and Editor-in-Chief of WikiLeaks, is the man responsible for the daily release of emails showing the Hillary Clinton presidential campaign to be an unprecedented machine whose tentacles and snitches reach into Wall Street, big corporations and big media . Earlier this year, WikiLeaks released emails showing that the Democratic National Committee had maliciously conspired to undermine the presidential campaign of Clinton challenger, Senator Bernie Sanders, in order to elevate Hillary Clinton to the top of the ticket. 
Now it has emerged that two of the top lawyers representing Assange, John Jones in London and Michael Ratner in New York, died within less than a month of each other this year. And, Assange's closest confidant in London and a Director of WikiLeaks, Gavin Macfadyen, died just yesterday. 
Wall Street On Parade has carefully investigated the similarly unprecedented banker deaths over the past two and one half years. What is noteworthy about the banker deaths is that at the time of the deaths, Wall Street banks and their global brethren were under the largest investigations for criminal rigging of markets to occur in the past century. Even during the Senate investigations of the early 1930s when crooked business journalists touting fraudulent Wall Street stocks and crooked Wall Street bank execs manipulating stock prices were regularly revealed through subpoenaed documents, there was no similar rash of deaths or series of alleged suicides. (See related articles below.) 
Now there is WikiLeaks leaking emails and documents that show that the same kind of cartel-like behavior that has corrupted Wall Street to its core has also infested the top of the Democratic Party. And, amazingly, three key members of the Assange/WikiLeaks support network have died within six months of each other this year. The statistical probability of this being a natural occurrence is slim. Post navigation

ARTICLE

Home '∫ POLITICS | US NEWS '∫ TEXAS COUNTY SWITCHES TO PAPER BALLOTS AFTER ELECTRONIC VOTING GLITCHES TEXAS COUNTY SWITCHES TO PAPER BALLOTS AFTER ELECTRONIC VOTING GLITCHES 0 SHARES 
[10/26/16] ADAN SALAZAR 'ì A county in Texas has switched to 'emergency paper ballots' after electronic voting machines in the region suffered technical glitches. 
Chambers County Clerk Heather Hawthorne issued a press release Tuesday night announcing electronic voting would be suspended until the glitches affecting voting machines could be corrected. 

'The Straight Party vote for both the Republicans and Democrats did not automatically select one race on each ballot,' states the press release. 
'The error was caused in programming by ES&S (Election Systems and Software Inc.), the vendor who programs the election software used in Chambers County.' 
'The Straight Party vote for both the Republicans and Democrats did not automatically select one race on each ballot,' states the press release. 
'The error was caused in programming by ES&S (Election Systems and Software Inc.), the vendor who programs the election software used in Chambers County.' 
'Immediately, Hawthorne contacted ES&S and advised them of the issue. Hawthorne then contacted the Secretary of State's office, the office overseeing the elections in Texas, and was informed to create emergency paper ballots to be used until the problem could be fixed.' 
Hawthorne claims she discovered the problem Monday morning after she cast her own vote and reviewed the electronic ballot. 
'Moving temporarily to paper ballots in such a situation is standard protocol,' Hawthorne reportedly told 12NewsNow . 
On Wednesday, Hawthorne issued another press release claiming the machines had been fixed. 
'Using paper ballots in the interim, as prescribed by the Texas Election Code, allowed our vendor to resolve the issue quickly,' she wrote. 
Elsewhere in Texas , in towns such as Arlington and Amarillo, other voters have reported witnessing their votes flipped from Donald Trump to Hillary Clinton. 
Election officials in those places, however, blamed users for the errors. 
Earlier in the week, Infowars attempted to speak with the Texas Director of Elections Keith Ingram about public concerns over possible voter fraud, but he didn't want to talk to us. Post navigation

ARTICLE

Home '∫ HEALTH '∫ WARNING: USDA ALLOWING OVER 20 SYNTHETIC SUBSTANCES IN ORGANIC FOODS WARNING: USDA ALLOWING OVER 20 SYNTHETIC SUBSTANCES IN ORGANIC FOODS 0 SHARES 
[10/26/16] VICKI BATTS 'ì Just one month ago, a California judge refused to dismiss a lawsuit that seeks to challenge the USDA on their recent, unlawful changes to how synthetic substances are evaluated in the production of organic goods. 
While the charges are simply 'alleged' for now, more than a dozen organizations came forward to press the issue. They discovered that at least 20 substances that would have been banned under the previous evaluation method had been allowed to slide through and into our organic foods . 
Unsurprisingly, the federal agency requested that the case be dismissed because they believe that these organizations do not have the legal standing to press such a lawsuit. Our founding fathers probably rolled in their graves when the USDA suggested that any of the citizens of the country for which it serves did not have the 'legal standing' to challenge them in court, but particularly those who may be be harmed by its doings. 
Fortunately, U.S. District Judge Haywood Gilliam Jr. of San Francisco disagreed with the USDA's sentiments, and is allowing the litigation to move forward. Capital Press reports, 'Gilliam ruled that it's plausible the plaintiffs will be harmed by the USDA's policy change, which they say has allowed more than 20 synthetic substances to continue being used in organic agriculture.' 
The organizations came together to voice their concerns (and press charges) last year, arguing that the agency's changes to their procedures for handling synthetic substances in organics have effectively made it much more difficult to remove a synthetic ingredient from the list of approved substances. In other words, these new regulations are making it harder to keep organic food clean. 
The organizations' concerns are primarily focused on the USDA's decision in 2013 to change the five-year 'sunset process' for synthetics that are approved for organic farming. In the past, synthetic substances were banned from the list, unless two-thirds of the 15-member National Organic Standards Board (NOSB) agreed that they should be permitted to remain on the list. 
The USDA has taken this policy and flipped it on its head; in order to eliminate a synthetic chemical from the list, now the NOSB must obtain a vote of at least two-thirds. So instead of voting for a chemical to remain on the list, the NOSB now has to vote to remove them. This means that even a majority of nine people will not be able to effectively remove unwanted substances from organic foods. 
Will Fantle, co-founder of the Cornucopia Institute, a nonprofit organic industry watchdog site, commented, 'This gets at the heart of decision-making at the National Organic Standards Board.' Fantle also noted that now, instead of allowing these products to 'sunset,' or simply fade out of use, the USDA's new policy will force these ingredients into the 'land of the midnight sun.' 
The plaintiffs state that the USDA's newly-minted process harms consumers who pay a premium for organic produce and products, because there is an expectation that these goods are produced with a minimal amount of synthetics. This deception also harms farmers, because it undermines the 'organic' label. These are products that are supposed to be produced with integrity in mind. 
The first lawsuit presented by the group was dismissed because it lacked specificity. Not to be deterred, the plaintiffs identified 20 different substances that would have been banned under the previous NOSB policy. In their lawsuit, they also state that ' the USDA promulgated the regulation without providing the public the opportunity for notice and comment and acted in an arbitrary and capricious manner[.]' 
Hopefully, the lawsuit will be successful and the USDA will be forced to revoke their terrible new policy. If Americans continue to band together and fight against such deceitful practices, we may eventually be able to clean up our food (and our country). Post navigation

ARTICLE

Home '∫ SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY '∫ GLOBAL WARMING ALARMISTS DISAPPOINTED THAT HURRICANE MATTHEW WASN'T WORSE GLOBAL WARMING ALARMISTS DISAPPOINTED THAT HURRICANE MATTHEW WASN'T WORSE 0 SHARES 
[10/26/16] J.D.HEYES 'ì Only the sickest, most warped and ideologically polluted minds would secretly hope for greater death and destruction to their own people and country, but such is the case with 'climate change' zealots . 
As pointed out by Investor's Business Daily (IBD), it was former President Obama crony and current Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel who once infamously remarked that political leaders should never let serious crises 'go to waste,' because they can use them to advance a political agenda where they could not do so before. 
As for the recent Hurricane Matthew, it appears as though a number of political operatives and true believers in the global warming religion likely wanted it to be worse than it actually was (which, to many people, was bad enough). 
Why? Because that would be consistent with their history. 
For the record, the storm killed 30 Americans and more than 1,000 people in total. Early damage estimates were put at about $5 billion. Yet that is not enough death and destruction for the global warming hoaxers. 
For the record, the hoaxers have tried advancing the narrative that in this day and age, thanks to man-caused actions, the weather is getting worse and more severe . Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton enlisted the assistance of the hoaxer-in-chief, Al Gore, her husband's vice president and today's chief global warming liar, to use Matthew to advance the phony narrative. 
Only, before the hurricane actually made landfall days ago in South Carolina, it had been more than 4,000 days since a hurricane actually struck the United States. That's 10 years, 11 months and some change. 
Alarmists were 'itching for a large-scale disaster,' IBD reported, because every day that passed that didn't herald a major weather event, especially one on an epic scale, meant that their dire predictions of more and bigger storms made them look like clueless, silly con artists (which they are). 
Their sick impatience for a major weather-related crisis was summarized very well a couple of years ago when a guy named Greg Blanchette announced that since the weather is getting worse and more severe , that he 'kind of' hoped that North America 'gets it's a** kicked this hurricane season. It would motivate us on climate action.' 
Like we said, sick . 
This may or may not be the same Greg Blanchette who advocated placing scary global warming warnings on gasoline pumps 'ì which is now law in North Vancouver, British Columbia. That doesn't matter, though, because if it's not the same person, that only means there are two global warming hoaxer cranks out there sharing the same name. 
Then, as IBD noted, a couple of years before this Blanchette dude was hoping for weather-related death and destruction, British naturalist David Attenborough noted that a 'disaster' was required to wake people up to the massive threat of climate change. 
Up to that point, the 'disasters' that the U.S. had experienced 'with hurricanes and floods '¶ [didn't] do it.' So, a cataclysmic event was needed in order to scare enough people into demanding some sort of action, which of course would come in the form of costly government regulations that are not based on sound, demonstrable and replicable scientific data. 
Then, as Matthew tore up Florida's Atlantic Coast, Marshall Shepherd, an atmospheric sciences professor at the University of Georgia, outed the sick hoaxers , tweeting that he was hearing 'ridiculous complaining' that the hurricane was actually less powerful than anticipated. 
'Some seem disappointed there isn't tragic loss of life/apocalyptic,' he noted, adding: 'I am thankful.' 
IBD summed up the facts: While the environmental movement contains sincere people, it is also replete with idiots and lunatics who yearn for a planet devoid of humans (with the exception of themselves, of course). Attenborough himself has complained to the British press that human beings are a 'plague on the Earth.' (We assume he is counting himself as well, which 'ì if he is 'ì seems even less rational, if that's possible.) 
There are nothing but theories claiming that man-caused activity is responsible for changing weather patterns. There is no hard evidence and there is no replicable data, which there should be if such claims were provable outside of anecdotal findings . If this was a real issue the language would not have changed from 'global cooling' in the 1970s, to 'global warming' in the 1980s and '90s, to 'climate change' today. Post navigation

ARTICLE

Home '∫ HEALTH '∫ GOVERNMENT HIDING UNPRECEDENTED TB INFECTION RATES AMONG RELOCATED REFUGEES GOVERNMENT HIDING UNPRECEDENTED TB INFECTION RATES AMONG RELOCATED REFUGEES 0 SHARES 
[10/26/16] J.D. HEYES- More Americans might be accepting of President Barack Obama's zealous push to flood the country with refugees from war-torn parts of the world, if only he, along with federal and state officials, were more transparent about the entire process. 
Like for instance being up front with Americans about the health threat posed by many of these refugees. 
Breitbart News is reporting that officials at the Michigan Department of Health and Human Services, county health departments throughout the state and local offices of refugee resettlement agencies 'ì all of whom are working closely with the Obama administration 'ì have taken to hiding the latent tuberculosis infection rates among refugees from the general public. 
The website noted further that the 'culture of concealment' in Michigan contrasts with how several other states deal with latent TB infection rates among refugees. 
As Breitbart News has reported in the past , the Michigan Department of Health and Human Services doesn't collect latent TB infection rate information from county health departments or local resettlement agencies it hires to perform initial medical screenings of newly-arrived refugees. Also, the state agency obviously does not honor its legal obligation to do so under provisions of the Refugee Act of 1980. Michigan officials not keeping TB data required by law 
When the news service asked MDHHS officials for data about latent TB infection rates based on the full population of refugees screened, a spokesman for the agency, Bob Wheaton, said, 'We do not have that data.' 
Breitbart noted that the agency has hired a number of county health departments, and in some counties private refugee health screening services, all working in cooperation with local resettlement officials for the purpose of conducting initial medical screenings of all new refugee arrivals. 
Under guidelines from the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and MDHHS, all refugees who complete initial health screenings are tested for latent TB infection. However, MDHHS officials said that neither the counties nor private agencies are sharing screening data. What's more, the counties and private refugee health screeners who do have the TB data will not make that information available to the public. 
As Breitbart News noted further: 
'In the case of at least one private refugee health screening service, the Arab American and Chaldean Council, which MDHHS has hired to conduct refugee health screenings in Wayne County, Macomb County, and Oakland County, that data is also not being shared with health departments in those counties.' 
Again, the provision of the data is a requirement of federal statutes regarding the health screening status of refugees. One-third of the rest of the world has latent TB 
Many states have made this information public in annual reports. They include Minnesota, where the latent TB infection rate among newly-arrived refugees in 2014 was 22 percent; Indiana (26 percent); Arizona (18 percent); Utah (18 percent), Texas (15 percent); California (12 percent) and Florida (12 percent). 
In addition, Breitbart News noted, other states made information available to the news service after repeated requests. They include Tennessee (27 percent); Vermont (35 percent); and Idaho (21 percent). 
It is vital to identify refugees coming into the United States with latent TB infections, because treatment must begin immediately in order to prevent the spread of the disease. Also, studies 'ì including one from the University of California, San Diego in 2013 'ì have shown that higher rates of latent TB infection among resettled refugees pose a greater health risk to the general public in regions where they have been sent. 
Latent TB turns into a public health risk when it activates into infectious TB, a process that is generally associated with lower levels of immunity among those with latent TB. In the U.S., 4 percent of the general population has latent TB; 10 percent of those develop active TB at some point during their lives. 
By contrast, fully one-third 'ì 33 percent 'ì of the rest of the world has latent TB, Breitbart News reported. Post navigation

ARTICLE

Home '∫ WORLD NEWS '∫ VENEZUELAN OPPOSITION ANNOUNCES HISTORIC MARCH AGAINST PRESIDENT MADURO VENEZUELAN OPPOSITION ANNOUNCES HISTORIC MARCH AGAINST PRESIDENT MADURO 0 SHARES [10/27/16] The Venezuelan opposition announced a national strike planned for Friday, October 28 and warned President Nicol√°s Maduro's adminstration that it will hold another November 3 that leads to the Presidential Palace of Miraflores if a date is not set for the recall referendum postponed indefinitely early this year. 
'We demand the government reverse this unconstitutional decision,' said Governor of the state of Miranda and leader of the opposition Henrique Capriles. 'Either you return the constitutional order or we're going to Miraflores on November 3.' 
Capriles stressed that people are willing to go out into the streets to defend the constitution. 
'Tell (President of the National Electoral Council) Tibisay Lucena that in the coming hours, she has to announce the date of an election and let the people decide because if we remain in this coup attitude next week '¶ the people will mobilize at Miraflores,' the opposition leader said. Post navigation

ARTICLE

Home '∫ POLICE STATE | SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY | US NEWS '∫ DETROIT AIRPORT USING NEW HIGH-TECH SYSTEM: TAKES FINGERPRINTS, IRIS SCAN, HIGH-RES PHOTO OF FACE DETROIT AIRPORT USING NEW HIGH-TECH SYSTEM: TAKES FINGERPRINTS, IRIS SCAN, HIGH-RES PHOTO OF FACE 0 SHARES 
[10/27/16] Metro Detroit Airport now has a new way to allow people to move seamlessly through airport security . 
It's called CLEAR and it's now in operation at the airport's McNamara Terminal. Certified as a 'qualified anti-terrorism technology' by the U.S. Department of Homeland Security, CLEAR has been used more than five million times to move travelers quickly through airport security lines at 16 other airports. 
'They validate their identity using a knowledge-based quiz, they use a government identification that's validated using technology, and then we link it to their bio-metrics 'î we take 10 fingerprints with a digital reader, we take a scan of their iris, and we take a high-res photo of their face,' said CLEAR spokesperson David Cohen. 
Cohen said the initial sign-up process takes about five minutes and after that, getting through security lines should be a breeze. He said there are special lines for CLEAR customers that can be a great time-saver for travelers, who will still have to pass through X-Rays and body scans. Post navigation

ARTICLE

Home '∫ US NEWS '∫ YOUTUBE BANS 'CLINTON'S BLACK SON' YOUTUBE BANS 'CLINTON'S BLACK SON' 0 SHARES 
[10/27/16] YouTube on Wednesday terminated the account of Danney Williams, the 30-year-old man who has claimed since the 1990s to be the black son of former President Bill Clinton. 
But YouTube suddenly reversed its decision on Thursday amid public outcry and reinstated the account in the early morning hours, posting a notice that said only: 'After a review of your account, we have confirmed that your YouTube account is not in violation of our Terms of Service. As such, we have unsuspended your account.' 
When it terminated the account on Wednesday, YouTube cited unspecified 'repeated or severe violations of our Terms of Use and/or Community Guidelines' and declared the account 'cannot be restored.' 
The YouTube decision to terminate Williams' account blocked the nine-minute feature 'BANISHED 'ì The Untold Story of Danney Williams,' which had received 1.2 million views since Williams posted it last week. Produced by filmmaker Joel Gilbert, it drew nearly 100,000 views per day and more than 1,000 viewer comments, with the overwhelming majority expressing support for Williams and outrage at the Clintons for not being willing to allow a DNA test to determine paternity. 
'My YouTube account has been deleted, but the same video appears in 50 other places on YouTube alone,' Williams said on his Facebook page after being notified of YouTube's decision to suspend the account. '[YouTube] can't handle the truth! Please share #BillClintonSon.' 
Twitter also continued to allow Williams to post the 'Banished' video on Danney Williams' page , but the Twitter link to YouTube displayed the message : 'This video is no longer available because the YouTube account associated with this video has been terminated. Sorry about that.' 
The video is still running on Danney Williams-Clinton's Facebook page , as well as on the YouTube channel operated by Gilbert. 
Attempt to silence Danney Williams? 
Gilbert told WND on Wednesday he helped Williams file an online appeal form on YouTube asking why the account was suspended and demanding it be immediately reinstated. Post navigation

ARTICLE

Home '∫ GUNS '∫ 4 STEPS TO ENSURE YOUR AMMO STORES (VIRTUALLY) FOREVER 4 STEPS TO ENSURE YOUR AMMO STORES (VIRTUALLY) FOREVER 0 SHARES 
[10/27/16] It's a fact that without ammunition, your guns will be little more than metal and plastic clubs. But it's also a fact that if your ammunition has been stored in poor conditions, it not only won't last as long as it should, but it also could potentially become dangerous to shoot if it is corroded or deteriorated. 
This is why you need to store your ammo the same way you store your firearms. After all, you store your firearms in a secure and environmentally safe location, so why wouldn't you do the same with your ammunition in which you may have invested even more money? 
All ammo has a definitive shelf life. Eventually, it will go bad. But if you use proper storage techniques, you can make your ammo last on the shelf for year and years. Ammunition that has been taken care of properly and stored in the right conditions should last for 12 to 15 years before you begin to notice signs of discoloration or corrosion. 
Let's learn about some basic and yet effective storage tips you can use to ensure that you get the most out of your ammo: 
1. Store in metal ammo cans. 
Regardless of whether you like to keep your ammo in the boxes it came in or store it loosely, you will need to place it in metal ammo cans for storage purposes. Green metal ammo cans can be found at virtually any sporting goods store, in the $10-$20 dollar range, depending on the size of the can. 
The reason why you should store your ammo in these metal cans is not just for ease of organization, but also because the cans are airtight and waterproof. They are sealed around the edges, which means you could even dunk them underwater and they would keep the water out. 
2. Store in a dry place. 
Humidity and moisture in general will be the biggest contributor to corrosion and discoloration. Since corroded ammo is not safe to fire, it's imperative that you select a storage location where the moisture is kept to a minimum. 
Yes, storing your ammunition in the green metal ammo cans will do a lot to resist moisture, but it never hurts to be extra careful. Keep in mind that ammunition is not cheap, so you want to take extra good care of your investment. Store it in a dry place with low moisture levels, and you can sleep knowing your ammo should remain in good condition several years down the road. Post navigation

ARTICLE

Home '∫ SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY | US NEWS '∫ SOMEONE IS PRACTICING FOR A 'GLOBAL BLACKOUT' OF THE INTERNET, EXPERT SAYS SOMEONE IS PRACTICING FOR A 'GLOBAL BLACKOUT' OF THE INTERNET, EXPERT SAYS 0 SHARES 
[10/27/16] The cyberattack that disrupted a number of major websites including Amazon, PayPal, Twitter and Netflix on Oct. 21 certainly was no accident. In fact, a renowned security guru thinks someone is learning how to take down the Internet. 
That expert predicted several weeks earlier that it would happen. 
'Over the past year or two, someone has been probing the defenses of the companies that run critical pieces of the Internet,' Bruce Schneier wrote on September 13. 'These probes take the form of precisely calibrated attacks designed to determine exactly how well these companies can defend themselves, and what would be required to take them down.' 
Internet infrastructure companies noticed a big upswing in attacks in recent months, Schneier wrote. Those attacks, in fact, were similar to the one that knocked out the company Dyn, which provides critical services to Amazon and the other companies that went down. On Oct. 21, hackers launched a massive distributed denial of service (DDOS) attack on Dyn, overwhelming the system and causing it to crash. 
'If you want to take a network off the Internet, the easiest way to do it is with a distributed denial-of-service attack (DDoS),' Schneier wrote on his blog and at LawFareBlog.com. ''¶ Basically it means blasting so much data at the site that it's overwhelmed. These attacks are not new: hackers do this to sites they don't like, and criminals have done it as a method of extortion. There is an entire industry, with an arsenal of technologies, devoted to DDoS defense. But largely it's a matter of bandwidth. If the attacker has a bigger fire hose of data than the defender has, the attacker wins.' Post navigation

ARTICLE

Home '∫ BIG BROTHER | SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY '∫ GOOGLE/AMAZON TO 'ECHO' EVERYTHING & EVERYONE IN YOUR HOME TO NSA GOOGLE/AMAZON TO 'ECHO' EVERYTHING & EVERYONE IN YOUR HOME TO NSA 10 SHARES [10/27/16] Google Home (GH) is always listening to everything that goes on inside your home. It's like paying the NSA, sorry I meant Google, $129.00 to bug your home. Click here & here to find out about Google's close relationship with the NSA. 
GH does more than listen to music, it can control your lights, thermostats, radios, TV's, smart refrigerators, smart plugs and more. GH has partnered with Nest, Phillips, IFTTT and Samsung who also makes the ' family hub refrigerator '. 
Google Assistant's new surveillance feature called 'My Day,' gives you morning updates, weather, commute times and a summary of your schedule (assuming you opt in). 
At least GH doesn't have SEVEN microphones like Amazon's Echo . 
Just how invasive is GH? 'Always on' devices are always listening 
Below, is an excerpt taken from Google's Privacy & Terms: 
Voice Search (Google Assistant) uses pattern recognition to transcribe spoken words to written text. For each voice query made to Voice Search, we store the language, the country, the utterance and our system's guess of what was said. 
A Computerworld article warns everyone about the dangers of 'always on' devices.

ARTICLE

Home '∫ POLITICS | US NEWS '∫ DONALD TRUMP CLOSES GAP WITH HILLARY CLINTON IN MICHIGAN DONALD TRUMP CLOSES GAP WITH HILLARY CLINTON IN MICHIGAN 0 SHARES 
[10/27/16] Republican nominee Donald Trump is now within striking distance of Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton in Michigan, a state that has not voted for a Republican presidential candidate since 1988. 
In the latest Fox 2 Detroit/Mitchell Poll , Trump trails Clinton by just six points. In the four-way poll, Clinton received 48 percent, Trump received 42 percent, Libertarian candidate Gary Johnson received 4.5 percent, and Green Party candidate Jill Stein received 1 percent. Clinton led Trump 50 percent to 44 percent, in the head-to-head. 
Fifty-nine percent of polled voters said that jobs and the economy are the most important issues, while 29 percent said that national defense and terrorism were most important. 
A Detroit Free Press/WXYZ-TV poll places Clinton ahead of Trump by 7 points, which is still a significant narrowing compared to previous polls. 
Public backlash against trade deals like President Barack Obama's Tran-Pacific Partnership 'ì a deal that Clinton once called 'the gold standard in trade agreements''ì was so fierce that Clinton changed her tune during the Democratic primary where she was defeated by Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders. 
'Across Michigan, Republicans are coming home and taking a united stand against Hillary Clinton's radical, open-borders agenda and plan to double-down on failed Obama policies, such as Obamacare. We are also seeing independents, Democrats and union workers saying no to Clinton's special interest driven agenda, and yes to Mr. Trump's plan to put America first,' Tim Lineberger, communications director for Trump's Michigan campaign team told The Daily Caller News Foundation. 
'Hard working Americans will be voting for change in November because they feel like the system is rigged against them, and they know that Clinton and her cohorts are the ones rigging it,' Lineberger added. 
Clinton was previously caught on tape telling a group of foreign bankers that her dream was a 'hemispheric common market, with open trade and open borders.' Trump is also hoping to capitalize on the government's recent report, stating that the price of Obamacare premiums are expected to increase an average of 22 percent. Post navigation

ARTICLE

Home '∫ SOCIETY | US NEWS '∫ TOO MANY MILLENNIALS ARE COOL WITH COMMUNISM TOO MANY MILLENNIALS ARE COOL WITH COMMUNISM 0 SHARES [10/27/16] 'We learn from history that we do not learn from history,' observed German philosopher Georg Hegel. Perhaps nothing illustrates this better than a new survey showing that far too many 'millennials' are not just cool to 'capitalism,' but are actually cool with communism. As MarketWatch reports : 
Of the 2,300 Americans polled by YouGov , 80% of baby boomers and 91% of the elderly agree with the statement that 'communism was and still is a problem' in the world today. Millennials? Only 55%. 
Furthermore, almost half of Americans between the ages of 16 and 20 said they would vote for a socialist, while 21% would go so far as to back a communist. 
Capitalism, on the other hand, is viewed favorably by 64% of those over the age of 65, compared with only 42% of millennials. 
Citing these results, the Victims of Communism Memorial Foundation's Marion Smith stated, as quoted by MarketWatch , 'One of the concerns [the foundation] has had since its establishment is that an emerging generation of Americans has little understanding of the collectivist system and its dark history.' For sure. This was evidenced when a teenager once naively asked me, 'What's so bad about communism?' Another registered a look of shock when I gave him part of the answer: During the 20th century, Marxist governments exterminated approximately 100 million people, making them history's most murderous ideologues. 
Related to this, MarketWatch also tells us that 'a third of millennials say they believe more people were killed under George W. Bush than Joseph Stalin,' clearly oblivious to Stalin's psychopathic actions having accounted for upwards of 20 million of the above number. Of course, 82 percent of millennials at least knew who Stalin was. This cannot be said regarding Chinese leader Mao Tse-tung; 42 percent of millennials were unfamiliar with this mass murderer of approximately 60 million. Forty percent didn't know who Argentine Marxist and major Cuban Revolution figure Che Guevara was. With respect to Vladimir Lenin and Karl Marx, the 'unacquainted with' figures were, respectively, 33 and 32 percent. 
Not surprisingly, this ignorance goes beyond history. While it's troubling that almost half of those aged 16 to 20 would support a socialist, there's good and bad news here. And they're the same thing: 
These young people generally don't know what socialism is. 
As I wrote in February, 'People 18 to 29 just helped vault Senator Bernie Sanders to a resounding New Hampshire primary victory, not at all deterred by his socialist label. But while they view that positively, they don't believe in socialist (in Sanders') wealth redistribution. In fact, this research shows that they cotton to it little more than do average Americans and no more than their age group did 20 years ago. In other words, millennials may like the word socialism, but, as with so many others, they don't understand well what it signifies or the nature of those for whom they vote.' 
In reality, the label 'socialism' is applied loosely today, yet it has a firm definition. Note that socialism was popularized via Karl Marx's and Friedrich Engels' Communist Manifesto . And under Marxist doctrine, 'socialism' 'î or the socialist revolution 'î is the transitional phase that extinguishes economic freedom and ushers in communism. Moreover, there are no communist governments because 'communism' is the culmination of socialism, the stage where, the fanciful theory goes, the government has melted away and everyone lives happily and harmoniously in a state of economic equality-induced bliss. Post navigation

ARTICLE

Home '∫ POLITICS '∫ ASSANGE CLAIMS 'CRAZED' CLINTON CAMPAIGN TRIED TO HACK WIKILEAKS ASSANGE CLAIMS 'CRAZED' CLINTON CAMPAIGN TRIED TO HACK WIKILEAKS 0 SHARES 
[10/27/16] Julian Assange has claimed the Hillary Clinton campaign has attacked the servers being used by WikiLeaks. Despite the Ecuadorian embassy shutting down his internet until the US election is over, the website will continue publishing, according to Assange. 
'Everyday that you publish is a day that you have the initiative in the conflict,' Assange said via telephone at a conference in Argentina on Wednesday. 
The whistleblowing website has been releasing emails from Clinton's campaign chair, John Podesta, on a daily basis since early October. 
Assange claimed the release 'whipped up a crazed hornet's nest atmosphere in the Hillary Clinton campaign' leading them to attack WikiLeaks. 
' They attacked our servers and attempted hacking attacks and there is an amazing ongoing campaign where state documents were put in the UN and British courts to accuse me of being both a Russian spy and a pedophile,' he added. 
Ecuador's decision to shut down his internet was described by Assange as a 'strategic position' so that its 'policy of non-intervention can't be misinterpreted by actors in the US and even domestically in Ecuador.' 
He said he was sympathetic with Ecuador, insisting they face the dilemma of having the US interfere with their elections next year if they appear to interfere with the US elections next month. Post navigation

ARTICLE

Home '∫ VIDEO '∫ WE NOW HAVE PROOF OBAMACARE WAS DESIGNED TO FAIL'¶AND HERE'S WHY WE NOW HAVE PROOF OBAMACARE WAS DESIGNED TO FAIL'¶AND HERE'S WHY 0

ARTICLE

Home '∫ HEALTH | MEDIA '∫ FDA FOUND MANIPULATING THE MEDIA IN FAVOR OF BIG PHARMA FDA FOUND MANIPULATING THE MEDIA IN FAVOR OF BIG PHARMA 0 SHARES 
[10/27/16] Although the Federal Drug Administration is thought to serve American consumers by keeping them safe and well-informed, they are doing just the opposite by controlling the media and science press in order to create misleading and one-sided articles. 
An investigation into documents released through the Freedom of Information Act by Scientific American revealed that the FDA uses a variety of tactics to prevent the full truth from being revealed about a certain product. The biggest tactic is the 'close-hold embargo,' where they invite a select few news sites to a briefing about the to-be released information with conditions. They stipulate that the journalists have to surrender their reportorial independence by agreeing to only speak with sources approved by their agency. 
When NPR reporter Rob Stein was extended one of these loaded invitations, he responded by saying, 'My editors are uncomfortable with the condition that we cannot seek reaction,' and asked that they be given a bit more wiggle room to speak with others. When Stein was met with a resounding no, he decided to agree to the terms and attend the briefing. 
Stein wasn't the only reporter to attend this particular briefing, as other sites such as The Wall Street Journal, The Washington Post, and The New York Times were all present. Despite agreeing to the terms, not everyone is actually comfortable with these conditions. The New York Times former Public Editor, Margaret Sullivan, said: 
'I think embargoes that attempt to control sourcing are dangerous because they limit the role of the reporter whose job is to do a full look at a subject. It's really inappropriate for a source to be telling a journalist whom he or she can and can't talk to.' 
Other tactics used by the FDA include denying major media outlets any access to the briefing prior to the public release of information, and the deliverance of half-truths when asked questions directly to hinder an investigation. Those who intend to speak with unapproved sources or announce these embargoes are met with threats. Post navigation

ARTICLE

Home '∫ MEDIA | US NEWS '∫ FACEBOOK FACES HIGH PROFILE LAWSUIT REGARDING FACIAL RECOGNITION TECHNOLOGY 'DEEPFACE' FACEBOOK FACES HIGH PROFILE LAWSUIT REGARDING FACIAL RECOGNITION TECHNOLOGY 'DEEPFACE' 0 SHARES [10/27/16] As the technology becomes increasingly ubiquitous and far more accurate, facial recognition and the lack of any laws or regulations around the practice is slowly starting to enter mainstream consciousness. It's a very important issue that isn't getting the attention it deserves. 
For example, as I highlighted in the recent post, Half of American Adults Exist in a Government Accessible Facial Recognition Network : 
Half of all American adults are already in some sort of facial recognition network accessible to law enforcement, according to a comprehensive new study. 
Conducted over a year and relying in part on Freedom of Information and public record requests to 106 law enforcement agencies, the study , conducted by Georgetown Law's Center on Privacy and Technology, found American police use of facial recognition technology is a scattered, hodgepodge network of laws and regulations. 
'Looking at the sum total of what we found, there have been no laws that comprehensively regulate face recognition technology, and there's really no case law either,' Clare Garvie, an associate at the CPT, told Vocativ. 'So we find ourselves having to rely on the agencies that are using that technology to rein it in. But what we found is that not every system 'î by a long shot 'î has a use policy.' 
With that in mind, Bloomberg published an interesting article yesterday covering a couple of lawsuits against Facebook and Google regarding their facial recognition practices. Post navigation

ARTICLE

Home '∫ HEALTH '∫ TOP DOCTORS: CHEMOTHERAPY ONE OF DOZENS OF PROCEDURES SHOWN TO 'GIVE NO BENEFIT' TOP DOCTORS: CHEMOTHERAPY ONE OF DOZENS OF PROCEDURES SHOWN TO 'GIVE NO BENEFIT' 0 SHARES 
[10/27/16] VICKI BATTS 'ì Chemotherapy is arguably one of the medical industry's biggest frauds . Perhaps that's why it recently landed on a list of ineffectual treatments drawn up by the Academy of Medical Royal Colleges (AMRC). 
The list was created by 11 top specialists, who were each asked to think of five treatments they felt provided little to no patient benefits. And surprise, surprise 'ì chemotherapy was one of them. Doctors from the AMRC said that chemotherapy cannot cure terminal cancer, and may bring unneeded distress in the final months of life. The Guardian reported: 
'The treatment is 'by its very nature toxic', the college said. 'Therefore, the combination of failing to achieve a response and causing toxicity can 'do more harm than good.'' 
Do more harm than good? You don't say. 
Research has shown that in some hospitals, up to 50 percent of cancer patients are dying, not from their disease, but from chemotherapy drugs. For the first time ever, researchers actually looked at the numbers of patients who were dying within 30 days of chemotherapy administration , which could indicate that the treatment was the cause of death rather than the cancer. What they found was horrifying. 
The study, which was conducted by Public Health England and Cancer Research UK, found that the average 30-day mortality rate across England was about 8.4 percent for lung cancer and 2.5 percent for breast cancer. But, in some hospitals, those numbers were much higher. For example, at Lancashire Teaching Hospitals, the 30 day mortality rate for palliative chemotherapy for lung cancer was 28 percent. In Milton Keynes, the death rate for lung cancer treatment soared up to 50.9 percent. 
The research revealed that the death rate for lung cancer patients was higher than average in several areas, including Blackpool, Coventry, Derby, South Tyneside, Surrey and Sussex. 
The data also revealed that about 1-in-5 people who underwent palliative care for breast cancer at Cambridge University Hospitals died because of chemotherapy treatment. 
Of course, the industry was quick to defend their practices, with doctors suggesting that these occurrences could simply be the outcome of data problems, noting that even a few deaths could skew statistics. 
However, no one really argued with the fact that chemotherapy is indeed a toxin. It doesn't discriminate; it kills cancerous cells and healthy cells 'ì and therein lies the rub. It may kill the cancer, but not without increasing your risks of getting cancer again in the future. 
A 2004 study also found that cytotoxic chemotherapy does very little towards enhancing cancer survivors' 5-year survival rates. The research, which was led by scientists from the Department of Radiation Oncology at the Northern Sydney Cancer Centre of the Royal North Shore Hospital, located in Sydney, Australia, raised serious questions about the actual efficacy of curative and adjuvant chemotherapies. 
What they found was that in Australia chemo only contributed 2.3 percent to the 5-year survival rate in adults, and in the U.S., that number dropped to 2.1 percent. These findings suggest that overall, chemotherapy truly provides very little benefit to any patient's survival. In their conclusion, the study authors wrote, 'As the 5-year relative survival rate for cancer in Australia is now over 60%, it is clear that cytotoxic chemotherapy only makes a minor contribution to cancer survival. To justify the continued funding and availability of drugs used in cytotoxic chemotherapy, a rigorous evaluation of the cost-effectiveness and impact on quality of life is urgently required.' 
The AMRC urges doctors and patients to question whether or not particular treatments are necessary. After all, unwarranted and harmful treatments are truly anything but medicine . Post navigation

ARTICLE

Home '∫ VIDEO '∫ 'CLINTON, INC': WATCH HOW'S IT PAINS MSM TO REPORT CLINTON CORRUPTION 'CLINTON, INC': WATCH HOW'S IT PAINS MSM TO REPORT CLINTON CORRUPTION 0 SHARES Post navigation

ARTICLE

EMAIL US: CONTACT@GOVTSLAVES.INFO Home '∫ POLITICS | US NEWS '∫ GEORGE SOROS: TRUMP WILL WIN POPULAR VOTE IN 'LANDSLIDE,' HILLARY'S ELECTORAL VICTORY IS ALREADY 'A DONE DEAL' GEORGE SOROS: TRUMP WILL WIN POPULAR VOTE IN 'LANDSLIDE,' HILLARY'S ELECTORAL VICTORY IS ALREADY 'A DONE DEAL' 0 SHARES 
Even Republican politicians and former politicians are telling Trump to knock off such talk . 
But, as usual, Trump's shrewdness and defiance of standard political decorum 'ì in which the 'opposition' party merely rolls over and surrenders in the face of Democratic pressure 'ì is winning the day. 
None other than billionaire investor and longtime Democratic supporter George Soros has said that the fix is literally in for the election, in favor of Clinton 'ì no matter how much of the popular vote, and from which battleground states, Trump captures. 
As reported by Top Right News and other outlets, during a recent interview with Bloomberg News , Soros 'ì a Democrat mega-donor 'ì openly admitted that Trump will win the popular vote in a 'landslide.' 
However, he said that none of that would matter, because a President Hillary Clinton is already a 'done deal.' 
In the interview, which is now going viral, Soros says with certainty that Trump will take the popular vote, despite what the polls say now (which are completely rigged to oversample Democrats ), but not the Electoral College, which will go to Clinton. 
When the reporter asks if that is already a 'done deal' 'ì that Clinton will be our next president no matter what 'ì Soros says 'yes,' and nods his head. 
Is Soros just making a prediction out of overconfidence? Or does he truly know something most of us don't know? 
In a recent column , Natural News founder and editor Mike Adams, the Health Ranger, says that Soros and Democrats have 'bribed electoral college representatives' in a bid to 'fix' the election outcome in favor of Clinton. In truth, that would be the only way it could be done, short of massive voter fraud through electronic balloting, as some reports have already claimed . 
Adams further pointed out that Soros was one of the main money men behind the Black Lives Matter movement, which is being blamed for generating hatred and mistrust of police officers all around the country 'ì some of which has led to the deaths of several officers already. 
Soros also funds left-wing websites and groups that locate, pay and deploy volunteer 'agitators' at Trump rallies, to start fights and engage in physical violence against Trump supporters (acts that the establishment media then blames on Trump ). 
But aren't electors legally obligated to cast a ballot for the presidential candidate who won the majority vote in that elector's district? No, they're not. Nine-nine percent of electors have done what they're supposed to do throughout our history, but this is no ordinary election 
Per Archives.gov , there is no constitutional provision or federal law requiring electors to vote according to the results of the popular vote. Rather, these pledges fall into two categories: State law and those who are bound by promises made to respective political parties. 
In the past, the U.S. Supreme Court has ruled that the Constitution doesn't require electors to be completely free to cast ballots as they please and, therefore, respective political parties may 'extract pledges from electors to vote for the parties' nominees,' Archives.gov notes. Some state laws hold that 'faithless electors' could be subjected to fines or disqualification for casting an invalid ballot, and could then be replaced by a substitute elector. 
'The Supreme Court has not specifically ruled on the question of whether pledges and penalties for failure to vote as pledged may be enforced under the Constitution. No Elector has ever been prosecuted for failing to vote as pledged,' said Archives.gov. 
The site notes that throughout our history, 99 percent of electors have voted as required. But this is no ordinary time, and it's no ordinary election . And Democrats (and the establishment media) have already proven that they will do anything to stop a Trump presidency. Plus, establishment Republicans don't want Trump either, so you can bet they wouldn't balk at or challenge the buying off of electors. Post navigation

ARTICLE

Home '∫ POLITICS | US NEWS '∫ ERICA GARNER BLASTS CLINTON CAMPAIGN OVER DISCUSSIONS STAFFERS HAD ABOUT HER FATHER'S DEATH IN WIKILEAKS EMAILS ERICA GARNER BLASTS CLINTON CAMPAIGN OVER DISCUSSIONS STAFFERS HAD ABOUT HER FATHER'S DEATH IN WIKILEAKS EMAILS 0 SHARES 
[10/27/16] Erica Garner, the daughter of police chokehold victim Eric Garner, ripped the Hillary Clinton campaign in a series of tweets Thursday after new campaign emails released by WikiLeaks showed how the Democratic nominee's staffers discussed the death of her father. 
'I'm troubled by the revelation that you and this campaign actually discussed 'using' Eric Garner '¶ Why would you want to 'use my dad?' Garner tweeted along with a link to emails released by WikiLeaks. 'These people will co opt anything to push their agenda. Police violence is not the same as gun violence. 
'I'm vey (sic) interested to know exactly what @CoreyCiorciari meant when he said 'I know we have an Erica Garner problem' in the #PodestaEmails19,' added Garner. 
Garner also tweeted links to hacked emails from Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta released this week by WikiLeaks that show internal communications among top Clinton staffers about how to best word an editorial piece on gun violence that was slated to run in the New York Daily News. Post navigation

ARTICLE

Home '∫ SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY '∫ U.S. LAWMAKERS RAISE PRIVACY CONCERNS OVER NEW HACKING RULES U.S. LAWMAKERS RAISE PRIVACY CONCERNS OVER NEW HACKING RULES 0 SHARES [10/27/16] A bipartisan group of lawmakers in the U.S. Congress on Thursday asked the Justice Department to clarify how a looming rule change to the government's hacking powers could impact privacy rights of innocent Americans. The change, due to take place on December 1, would let judges issue search warrants for remote access to computers located in any jurisdiction, potentially including foreign countries. Magistrate judges can normally only order searches within the jurisdiction of their court, which is typically limited to a few counties. 'We are concerned about the full scope of the new authority that would be provided to the Department of Justice,' 23 senators and representatives wrote to Attorney General Loretta Lynch. The Supreme Court in April approved amendments to Rule 41 of the federal rules of criminal procedure that would allow judges to issue warrants in cases when a suspect uses anonymizing technology to conceal the location of his or her computer or for an investigation into a network of hacked or infected computers, such as a botnet. Those amendments will take effect on December 1 of this year unless Congress passes legislation that would reject, amend or postpone the changes. Some lawmakers, led by Democratic Senator Ron Wyden of Oregon, have introduced legislation that would halt the changes, but it has yet to gain much traction. Post navigation

ARTICLE

Home '∫ SOCIETY | US NEWS '∫ STATE OF GEORGIA FIRES PASTOR BECAUSE OF HIS FAITH; GOVERNMENT DIDN'T 'APPROVE' BIBLICAL SERMONS STATE OF GEORGIA FIRES PASTOR BECAUSE OF HIS FAITH; GOVERNMENT DIDN'T 'APPROVE' BIBLICAL SERMONS 0 SHARES [10/27/16] In the latest turn of events in the United States Government's war against Christianity, a Pastor is now being required by a Federal court to turn over the transcripts and notes of all of the sermons he has ever conducted. A minister who was hired by the Georgia Department of Public Health was recently fired because of his faith, and sermon contents. Dr. Eric Walsh, a Seventh-day Adventist lay minister, is suing the State of Georgia Department of Public Health for religious discrimination. 
A very simple question should cross your mind as you read this report, should my pastor's sermons be approved by the Government or God? 
The state of Georgia inquired that the pastor relinquish his sermons to the government, according to federal court documents. 
'Please produce a copy of your sermon notes and/or transcripts,' Attorney General Samuel Olens wrote to attorneys representing Dr. Eric Walsh. 
Dr. Walsh refuses to comply with the request because in May 2014, when Walsh was hired by the District Health Director; another government official asked him to submit copies of his sermons for review. He complied, and two days later he was fired. 
His attorneys said the government was curious about sermons Dr. Walsh delivered on health, marriage, sexuality, world religions, science, and creationism. He also preached on what the Bible says regarding homosexuality. 
Since the event, Dr. Walsh has filed a federal lawsuit charging state officials with engaging in religious discrimination. 
'He was fired for something he said in a sermon,' attorney Jeremy Dys told me. 'If the government is allowed to fire someone over what he said in his sermons, they can come after any of us for our beliefs on anything.' 
Dr. Walsh has assembled a powerhouse legal team comprised of Parks, Chesin & Walbert along with First Liberty Institute, one of the nation's most prominent religious liberty law firms. Post navigation

ARTICLE

Home '∫ SOCIETY | US NEWS '∫ SCHOOLS ALL OVER AMERICA ARE CLOSING ON ELECTION DAY DUE TO FEARS OF VIOLENCE SCHOOLS ALL OVER AMERICA ARE CLOSING ON ELECTION DAY DUE TO FEARS OF VIOLENCE 0 SHARES 
[10/28/16] Will this be the most chaotic election day in modern American history? All across the nation, schools are being closed on election day due to safety fears. Traditionally, schools have been very popular as voting locations because they can accommodate a lot of people, they usually have lots of parking, and everyone in the community knows where they are and can usually get to them fairly easily. But now there is a big movement to remove voting from schools or to shut schools down on election day so that children are not present when voting takes place. According to Fox News , 'voting has been removed or classes have been canceled on Election Day at schools in Illinois, Maine, Nebraska, New Hampshire, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Wisconsin and elsewhere.' Just a couple days ago , I shared with you a survey that found that 51 percent of all Americans are concerned about violence happening on election day, and all of these schools closing is just another sign of how on edge much of the population is as we approach November 8th. 
Many officials are being very honest about the fact that schools are being shut down on election day because they are afraid of election violence. The following comes from Fox News '¶ 
Several schools across the nation have decided to close on Election Day over fears of possible violence in the hallways stemming from the fallout from the heated rhetoric that consumed the campaign trail. 
The fear is the ugliness of the election season could escalate into confrontations and even violence in the school hallways, endangering students. 
'If anybody can sit there and say they don't think this is a contentious election, then they aren't paying much attention,' Ed Tolan, the Falmouth, Maine police chief, said Tuesday. His community has already called off classes on Nov. 8 and an increased police presence will be felt around town. 
And without a doubt, voting locations are 'soft targets' that often have little or no security. We have been blessed to have had such peaceful elections in the past, but we also need to realize that times have changed. I believe that there is wisdom in what Georgia Secretary of State Brian Kemp told reporters '¶ 
'There is a concern, just like at a concert, sporting event or other public gathering that we didn't have 15 or 20 years ago,' said Georgia Secretary of State Brian Kemp, co-chairman of the National Association of Secretaries of State election committee. ' What if someone walks in a polling location with a backpack bomb or something? If that happens at a school, then that's certainly concerning.' 
All it is going to take is a single incident to change everything. 
Let us hope that it is not this election day when we see something like that. 
Another reason why polling locations are under increased scrutiny this election season is because of concerns about election fraud. This is something that Donald Trump has alluded to repeatedly on the campaign trail. For instance, just consider what he told a rally in Pennsylvania '¶ Post navigation

ARTICLE

Home '∫ HEALTH '∫ SURGEONS ADMIT THAT MAMMOGRAPHY IS OUTDATED AND HARMFUL TO WOMEN SURGEONS ADMIT THAT MAMMOGRAPHY IS OUTDATED AND HARMFUL TO WOMEN 0 SHARES 
[10/28/16] ETHAN A. HUFF 'ì Every year, millions of women flock to their doctors to get their annual mammograms, a breast cancer screening procedure that involves pressing a woman's breasts between two metal platforms to scope out tumors. But surgeons everywhere are starting to question the controversial practice , which studies show isn't even an effective screening tool, and is actually harmful to the bodies of women who receive it. 
The public is told that mammograms are the only way to catch breast cancer early, but a review of eight scientific trials evaluating the procedure, found that mammography is neither effective nor safe. After looking at data on more than 600,000 women between the ages of 39 and 74 who underwent the procedure on a routine basis, researchers found that many women are misdiagnosed. Many of these same women are consequently mistreated with chemotherapy , resulting in their rapid demise. 
As published in the Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews , the review concluded that mammography causes more harm than good , because many more women end up being misdiagnosed and mistreated than those actually avoiding the development of terminal breast cancer. Thus, the procedure known as mammography is an outdated scourge that belongs in the history books of failed medical treatments, and not at the forefront of women's medicine. 
'If we assume that screening reduces breast cancer mortality by 15% and that overdiagnosis and overtreatment is at 30%, it means that for every 2000 women invited for screening throughout 10 years, one will avoid dying of breast cancer and 10 healthy women , who would not have been diagnosed if there had not been screening, will be treated unnecessarily,' the authors concluded. Group of top medical experts admits mammography does more harm than good 
One year after this review was published, a second one published in The New England Journal of Medicine (NEJM) came to a similar conclusion. A team of medical professionals that included a medical ethicist, a clinical epidemiologist, a pharmacologist, an oncologic surgeon, a nurse scientist, a lawyer and a health economist, decided that the medical industry's claims about the benefits of mammography are essentially bunk. 
They found that for every 1,000 women screened in the U.S. over a 10-year annual screening period beginning at age 50, one breast cancer death would be prevented, while a shocking 490 to 670 women would have a false positive, while 70 to 100 would undergo an unnecessary biopsy. Between three and 14 of these women, the study found, would also be over-diagnosed for a non-malignant form of cancer that never even would have become 'clinically apparent.' 
This study out of Switzerland corroborates another out of Canada 'ì the 2014 Canadian National Breast Screening Study 'ì which concluded in lockstep with the others that mammography screenings do not reduce mortality rates from breast cancer any better than a simple physical examination. In other words, the procedure is completely unnecessary, and in many cases exceptionally harmful . 
And on and on the list goes, with data out of Norway and elsewhere confirming that mammography isn't all that it's cracked up to be. U.S. data spanning the course of nearly 40 years shows that more women are over- or misdiagnosed with breast cancer because of mammograms than are successfully early-diagnosed with breast cancer in such a way as to protect against metastasization. This represents an exceptionally poor track record that calls into question why mammography continues to be used when it clearly doesn't work. 
'I believe that if you did have a tumor, the last thing you would want to do is crush that tumor between two plates, because that would spread it,' says general practitioner Dr. Sarah Mybill, as quoted in the documentary film The Promise . Post navigation

ARTICLE

Home '∫ POLITICS | US NEWS '∫ CNBC: TRUMP WILL WIN THE ELECTION AND IS MORE POPULAR THAN OBAMA IN 2008, AI SYSTEM FINDS CNBC: TRUMP WILL WIN THE ELECTION AND IS MORE POPULAR THAN OBAMA IN 2008, AI SYSTEM FINDS 0 SHARES [10/28/16] An artificial intelligence (AI) system that correctly predicted the last three U.S. presidential elections puts Republican nominee Donald Trump ahead of Democrat rival Hillary Clinton in the race to the White House. MogIA was developed by Sanjiv Rai, the founder of Indian start-up Genic.ai. It takes in 20 million data points from public platforms including Google, Facebook, Twitter and YouTube in the U.S. and then analyzes the information to create predictions. 
The AI system was created in 2004, so it has been getting smarter all the time. It had already correctly predicted the results of the Democrat and Republican Primaries. 
Data such as engagement with tweets or Facebook Live videos have been taken into account. The result is that Trump has overtaken the engagement numbers of Barack Obama's peak in 2008 'ì the year he came into power 'ì by 25 percent. 
Rai said that his AI system shows that candidate in each election who had leading engagement data ended up winning the elections. 
'If Trump loses, it will defy the data trend for the first time in the last 12 years since Internet engagement began in full earnest,' Rai wrote in a report sent to CNBC. Post navigation

ARTICLE

EMAIL US: CONTACT@GOVTSLAVES.INFO Home '∫ MEDIA '∫ 65 PRESSTITUTES WHO COLLUDED WITH THE CLINTONS TO DEFRAUD AMERICA AND STEAL THE ELECTION'¶ CALL FOR THEIR ARREST 65 PRESSTITUTES WHO COLLUDED WITH THE CLINTONS TO DEFRAUD AMERICA AND STEAL THE ELECTION'¶ CALL FOR THEIR ARREST 0 SHARES 
[10/28/16] MIKE ADAMS -To even call this 2016 president election an 'election' is a cruel joke. Democracy is supposed to be about open, fair and free elections, and those elections must be predicated on open, fair and free access to information so that voters can make an informed decision. Yet all we have today is a media that's in the tank for Hillary, a justice system infiltrated by deep state corruption, a voting system rife with leftist fraud, a culture of extremist, violent intimidation of those who oppose Clinton and an Obama regime steeped in such criminality and fraud that it actively encourages illegal aliens to run across the border to America so they can vote. 
This isn't an election'¶ it's a coordinated leftist coup d'etat . 
The aim of the coup is to occupy all the positions of power in America with radical leftists, communists and criminal democrat party loyalists. From those positions of power, the strategy is to systematically dismantle the American Constitution, Bill of Rights and Supreme Court while crushing the American middle class with punitive economic policies that keep the masses trapped in poverty (Obamacare, anyone?). 
It's now abundantly obvious to nearly every thinking person that democracy has been ripped to shreds in America , and the deep state criminal regime in power exists solely to protect and enrich itself at the expense of everyone else. 
GONE is the idea of representing the interests of the People. 
GONE is any desire for government to operate with transparency and accountability. 
GONE is any trust in voters by the powerful elite, who distrust the voters so much that they make sure every election is rigged in advance. 
GONE is any economic policy rooted in sanity or mathematics. Now, numbers and dollars from Washington are all rooted in mental illness and delusion. 
GONE is any semblance of the concept that justice is blind and that all laws apply to all the people just the same, no matter how powerful they may be. 
GONE is any public trust in ANY institution of government, from Congress, to the federal courts, to the regulators like the EPA, to even the FBI. 
GONE is any notion that the government should defend the nation's borders and control the flow of immigrants into the country for all the obvious reasons. 
And GONE is any concept of journalistic integrity across the mainstream media, an institution that now holds actual journalism in contempt (i.e. the work of Wikileaks or Project Veritas). Now, the media insists that no one question the government, no transparency is necessary, and government operatives have no obligation to explain any of their actions or cover-ups. Richard Nixon is rolling in his grave'¶ The illusion of democracy 
Thanks to the complete abandonment of democracy and honest government in America, We the People now wake up each day as slaves living in a totalitarian dictatorship pretending to be a democracy , complete with a pretend press, a pretend judicial system, a pretend legislative branch and even a pretend central bank pumping out pretend currency. 
We turn on our televisions to watch pretend journalists named 'Stephanopoulos' churn out pretend news that pretends Bill and Hillary Clinton are honest, affectionate, trustworthy elders instead of the phony frauds and crooks they've really turned out to be. And then we're blasted with pretend polls that claim the most unpopular woman in America 'î Hillary Clinton 'î is somehow ahead of Donald Trump by 12 points. Nobody believes the polls anymore'¶ 
Every time REAL news breaks through the surface, the establishment tells us that's all fake. Wikileaks emails, we're ridiculously told, aren't real (even though they are). Project Veritas videos have been 'edited,' we're told, as if that somehow negates the very clear words caught on video as they are uttered by Clinton operatives committing serious crimes. The only news that's 'real,' we're told, is the fabricated fake news planted in the New York Times by the Clinton campaign. A call to arrest and imprison the presstitutes that are defrauding America and destroying democracy 
In truth, the leftist media is staffed by presstitutes 'î media whores who have sold out to the Clintons in exchange for 'access' to her bogus news releases (i.e. planted false narratives). As reported by The Free Thought Project , all the following 'journalists' are seditious whores who should no doubt be arrested, indicted and prosecuted for engaging in criminal collusion and racketeering with the Clintons: 
'Progressive Helpers'

ARTICLE

BALTIMORE 2016 Bill the eighth 
This guy is real genius isn't he? He is too stupid to realize all of those tweeter posts and Youtube videos are going to come back and bit him in the rear? Oh well, he will have plenty of time to think about his stupidity while he sits in a jail cell. doodaa 
Would you hire this guy? Lancifer Wildwood 
You don't need a job when soros the nazi funds you'¶.geesh I don't even live in the US and I know that! Koolz 
Jews created Black Lives matter and these guys get paid pretty well for there acting up at any protest. Black Lives Matter the very name creates violence. Purple lives Matter Hunter 
Bingo!!! 
You know, I wonder if / when 'somebody in the know', were to release nasty-jew George Soro's travel itinerary'¶to the 'right people''¶ 
'¶hey Georgie'¶watch-out'¶payback can be a BITCH Zone43 
50 Rabbis marched with them in Ferguson. owr 
Jews are truly racist. M Saurette 
so, the plan is to be more violent, more racist, more destructive. And the goal is to have blacks NOT be targeted by police? Good luck with that. owr 
It won't just be the police targeting rioting blacks.The average white is ready fearfully cautious of black thugs. The thugs know this and they try to intimidate whites by flaunting theirs MTV image of the 'Gangsta' by learning the right facial expressions, and wearing their pants on their ass. Stacking gang signs, even if not in a gang to appear knowledgeable about such things. It might work with some of the girls, but to the average young white male it is perceived as a potential threat. The primary difference between white males and black males is that only 30%, on average, black males are not convicted felons, and cannot legally possess a firearm. On the other hand nearly 80% of white males have no felony conviction, and can, or do possess legal firearms. Blacks are 13% of our population. Whites are a little under 70%. There are also a huge number of pissed off white veterans of Vietnam, Bosnia, Iraq, and Afghanistan, who would not mind a little domestic house cleaning. You can bet your ass, and not be afraid of losing it, that these Vets are Trump supporters. Be careful what you wish for. The real world is not MTV, or a gangsta movie. Cornczech 
This morning on my walk to the Howard Redline stop in the Rogers Park neighborhood in Chicago, IL'¶..I was called out to by a black woman: 'Hey, F* YOU, White B#tch!' The sad part, because I had to stop acting and looking scared a few years back when I first MOVED to this hood, (sometime after Obama became King), is that I am USED to this kind of thing, so I started to giggle after that outburst'¶yes, the abuse got worse '¶but'¶I get this at least once a week when I walk to the store, to the EL'¶.to the bank'¶'¶so (shrug). 
I have never called a black man or woman a nigger'¶(I bet I get blasted or removed or censored for that'¶but I get called whitey, hillbilly'¶(I'm a Cracker, let's get THAT straight!), and a myriad of other race specific names'¶..I have even been assaulted for being white and standing up for myself'¶(I am a female, by the way'¶.so, I have OTHER stories about my lovely experience living in CHICAGO'¶the next Detroit'¶.) 
So how am I a racist? I grew up in Texas and never had problems or saw violence..or had violence perpetrated against me'¶..since I came here'¶ 
So tell me again how I am a racist? 
My LAST question is: WHEN DID AMERICA come to such a SAD STATE? owr 
My suggestion is to get out of Chicago, it will be a pure hell-hole in the coming depression. Go back to Texas, the economy is much better there, and race relations are as well. Ted Dura 
oh joy Trump to dump 40 million mexicans and open season on rioting niggas'ìSee its True ! 
TRUMP WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN !! Guillotine_ready 
Why wait? Burn your houses down now!! doodaa 
And your liquer store! GORDON 
Sheesh can we all just get along , we've seen how well having a black president worked out ? Thank God I live where it's cold and the black populous is to a minimal ! Thank God all you do is kill each other anyway ! 
Will the HUMAN RACE ever grow up? Sheesh! This is so stupid. Does a Siamese cat hate the Prussian Blue because it's a different 'breed'? Does and Irish Setter hate the Black Lab because. . . 
Man, people are the most un-evolved, unreasonable. . . doodaa 
Unfortunately, this has been going on since humans became self aware. Will we ever evolve? Not in our genes. Jo Peter 
Actually the 'good fences make good neighbors' tendency toward self segregation followed by more or less peaceful voluntary trade appears more or less universal, and it's only the radical liberal cultural Marxism nonesense that is making this unworkable in the west (and this is mostly to blame on the mechanations of one particular tribe that's 'white' when it benefits them but who hold no actual allegiance to the white race, we all know who they are.) doodaa 
Do you think maybe 'GOD' knew what he was doing when he segregated races by continents? Jo Peter 
That is certainly a valid way to look at it. Some people view the order of the universe as through an impersonal 'nature' force, and others consider it a conscious design by an intelligent creator. In the end there is little practical difference when it comes to the specifics like this, since either way it worked before we broke it. 
Well, some of us are OK. I've dated outside my race, and I miss my buds of the past who I spent time with who weren't fellow 'honky-gringo-crackers'. fujak 
typical'¶.blacks want democracy but only if and when it suits them woody 
This country needs a good cleansing, bring it on brotha! Bruce Regael 
We need LA Riots everywhere with police standing down. I'd love for them to bring the riots to the nice white liberal neighborhoods where those agent provocateurs riling up minorities always tend to hide after they fan the flames. If anyone needs to pay its white liberals. They've been playing puppet master for far too long using racial politics against conservative white people. 
Time is coming where we're going to have to put the boots to their throats or force the minorities to kick their teeth in. doodaa 
Black folks will be OK. There is no bag limit on dumb niggers. Jo Peter 
Indeed. The ones that long ago accepted the cultural superiority of the west are allies. They can't choose what genes they're born with but they can side with good against radical liberal insanity. doodaa Zaphod Braden 
AMEN !!! Sanders was born and raised in the New York City borough of Brooklyn and graduated from the University of CHICAGO in 1964. While a student, he was an active civil rights protest organizer for the CONGRESS OF RACIAL EQUALITY and STUDENT (not really)NONVIOLENT COORDINATING COMMITTEE. Bernie ran to Vermont in 1968, to get away from BLACKS to raise HIS family in SAFETY Sanders switched PARTIES, BETRAYED the Veterans, and instigates the Blacks and then RUNS AWAY. In January 1962, Sanders led a rally at the University of Chicago administration building to protest university president George Wells Beadle's segregated campus housing policy. 'We feel it is an intolerable situation when Negro and white students of the university cannot live together in university-owned apartments,' Sanders said at the protest. But then Sanders ran to SAFE LILLY WHITE VERMONT to raise HIS children far away from those Blacks he wants you to live with. doodaa Cindyejohnson1 'my .friend's mate Is getting 98$. HOURLY. on the internet.''¶. two days ago new Mc.Laren. F1 bought after earning 18,512$,,,this was my previous month's paycheck ,and-a little over, 17k$ Last month ..3¬Å-5¬Å ¬Åh¬Å/r ¬Åo¬Å¬Åf ¬Åw¬Åo¬År¬Å¬Åk ¬Åa days ..with extra open doors & weekly. paychecks.. it's realy the easiest work I have ever Do.. I Joined This 7 months ago and now making over 87$, p/h.Learn. More right Here o!507 http://GlobalSuperEmploymentVacanciesReportsWorld/GetPaid/98$hourly '¶. .‚ùñ:‚ù¶:‚ùñ:‚ù¶:‚ùñ:‚ù¶:‚ùñ:‚ù¶:‚ùñ:‚ù¶:‚ùñ:‚ù¶:‚ùñ:‚ù¶:‚ùñ:‚ù¶:‚ùñ:‚ù¶:‚ùñ:‚ù¶:‚ùñ:‚ù¶:‚ùñ:‚ù¶:‚ùñ:‚ù¶:‚ùñ:‚ù¶:‚ùñ:‚ù¶:‚ùñ:‚ù¶:‚ùñ:‚ù¶:‚ùñ:‚ù¶:‚ùñ:‚ù¶:‚ùñ:‚ù¶ o!507'¶'¶'¶. Jones 
This is the classic ' lets get dumb ass to do the dirty work for us' trick. This dude is being played by the same people who will drop his ass on the street when theyre done with him. Inciting race wars and turning people against each other. This dude is a total looser. The only rapping he should do is with some tape around his flappy mouth. Someone give this dude a hug and ask him if hes making the world a better place by being a dick. Jolly Roger 
This moron is just a tool, paid by rich people to incite racial tensions, with the usual hollow threats designed to intimidate white people as part of their ongoing divide-and-conquer agenda. 
'We don't want to work. We don't want to go to school. We demand to be handed everything we want, and if we don't get it, we'll attack white people.' 
Shut up, you idiot, and go back to your zoo. 
No intelligent debate. No civilized discussion. Just a gang of RACIST thugs trying to intimidate people based on their skin color. Tell me more about 'equality'. 
I hate to participate, or even respond to a racist tirade, but these Soros-funded useful idiots may make it necessary. Just be ready to mow 'em down along with the wetbacks, just in case they make that necessary. doodaa 
Nigga' just might get his ass shot. L Garou 
Is that an admission of retardation, or shall we produce his test scores to prove it? doodaa 
I thought all lives mattered until this dumb nigger started talking. Now I wonder. owr 
They are being programmed by George Soros to be agent provocateurs to create racial tension to allow for martial law to occur in order to keep the establishment as is. Clinton will insure this if elected. 8s5s5 
To help payoff my student-loans I worked as a NYC teacher in 'troubled' neighborhoods for ten years. During those ten years I saw delinquents call each other 'niggas' hundreds of times every single school day. If I had done it once, I would have been fired that same day. They punched each other, stole from each other, and from the faculty, vandalized the school, threw brand new text books out the window but the state and federal funds continued to pour in, very much contrary to popular belief. 
They actually got more money then the nicer areas. When I was finally able to move to a 'good' school district, I couldn't believe it. When I told the children (99% Caucasians) to take a a book and read quietly they actually did it. No exaggeration, you good actually hear your own respiration, that's how quiet it was!!! And yes, you can find some schools with 95-99% white student population. I was never a 'racist' but this was too much. The difference is incredible!!! Unfortunately if you notice a obvious behavioral difference between races, you are labeled as some kind of a bad person and the general public has learned to accept this word 'racist' as derogatory regardless of the evidences that may exist, and we all know that they do exist. This denial has successfully forced illogical integration, the destruction of our liberty and country and the rise of economic fascist billionaires. Donald Trump, the only billionaire to go against is fellow elites is being completely typecast as 'the rich white guy that must be a racist.' He is probably the one and only chance the middle class and the poor class will ever see again for justice in this country. The last man to have had his courage was President JFK. owr 
To actually be a nigger, one must learn to be one. They have plenty of role models to copy. It's a matter of choice. nobody 
Lol'¶ what a dumb ass! It'll be a hoot watching video of these 'tough' guys(gals?) getting their butts whomped after they destroy mostly their own slums, and if we're lucky a few other choice places. desertspeaks 
'we will incite riots everywhere if trump wins' translation, we know if trump wins, we'll have to get jobs to pay rent, food etc. and being societal parasites, we don't want actual jobs, just free shit! owr 
Culture is learned in the home, and in school. 'Granny was on total entitlements, so was momma, so is sista, so is my daddy where-ever and who-ever he is. So why I has ta lern all this white shit in school, I quit when I'm 16 and be worken the streets, the man..he be givn me food-stamps evey month that I can sell fo beer and cigarettes. Man, we got it fucken made.' Zone43 
They will stay in the cities, cry baby's. Strayhorse 
What government really fears is when other than people of color, were to take to the streets. That's why the government and the controlled media hide the truth about crime, racist crime perpetrated against other than people of color. When other than people of color awakens to the truth about crimes against them, L.A., Ferguson, and riots of their kind would pale against the response levied against the government for allowing the crimes against other than people of color to continue as it does today. The Civil Rights Act of 1964 DOES NOT offer any protection for other than people of color. That's NOT was it was passed for! Other than people of color have NO federal or state protections against prejudice, injustice and inequality. nightwisp 
The 14th amendment and the civil rights act of 1964 made their rights equal to the white man. If the white man is gone, they are equal to nothing. They will have no rights. owr 
We are all slaves to the corporations, debt slaves. owr 
That is precisely why the libs began the fake and un-natural PC agenda, to erode the 1st amendment. Raymond McGraw 
You are surely as you called it'¶'NIGGA'S.Does not make a hill of difference who.what where or why.You were just born to riot.You have failed to look at the true one who has enlslaved you the last 8 years in the liberals and there government.Now you have become pawns working for them.Of course you have not realized that either.When the true one wins this and he will. You can then say Gee! Mr .Trump wished I had listened to you. D Urge 
He's right WE have been too nice. 
TRUMP 2016 Lancifer Wildwood 
I'm not sure this person of colour knows what he/they (whatever the frick) are up against if it comes down to it? The inner city shit holes they are seemingly incapable of building up into prospering neighbourhoods are NOT the rest of the US from my travels there. nightwisp 
* YAWN * please pass the popcorn'¶ Josephine Dorion 
NO, THE WHITES AIN'T SCAYRED OF YAH. BE PREPARED TO BE EXTERMINATED. Ed Troyer 
I see bulldozers, flame throwers'¶. jake 
wow, doesn't this show how clueless, americans trully are. almost makes one want to tell the trump campaign how to beat the voting fix. where are these guys and gals going to wreak havoc? in the cities where unarmed gay and mainly democrats live, black people, spanish, and poor people in general. poop where you eat, that is a controlled serf. show how your an oreo banker slave. when you get to the rural areas, the black, white, and spanish, rural people will be waiting. you won't stand a chance, against the unified rural people. after following the banking oversears orders, to destroy yourself and your families based on unknown fears, do you think you'll be going to valhalla, for following the bloodcults, marching orders, to divide and conquer. killing people who don't have any more say than yourself, because a banker said it was so, priceless. Michael 
That would be instant death for the 3/5th's, 14th amendment black United States citizens. This country was created by old white men to protect the white race. This is why the Jewish run media are promoting the blacks to riot. In fact black folks if your going to go after a group you might want to think about going after the Jews in the media. As they're the one's that have set you up to fail. Here's a sweet piece of history the majority of the Negroes don't know. Israel Cohen, the General Secretary of the World Zionist Organization, in his 1912 book 'A racial program for the 20th Century'. And, read into the Congressional Record by Congressman Thomas Abernathy, U.S. House of Representatives Mississippi, 4th District on June 7, 1957, Volume 103, top of page 8559: Israel Cohen penned 'We must realize that our party's most powerful weapon is racial tension. By propounding into the consciousness of the dark races that for centuries they have been oppressed by the whites, we can mould them to the program of Negro minority against the whites, we will endeavor to instill in the whites a guilt complex for their exploitation of the Negroes. We will aid the Negroes to rise in prominence in every walk of life, in the professions and in the world of sports and entertainment. With this prestige, the Negro will be able to intermarry with the whites and begin a process which will deliver America to our cause.' So black folks before you embark on a suicide mission learn some real history and the true cause of your plight. As your anger is miss directed and you will be engaged as belligerents and enemy combatants. Live in peace, be well, and do your homework before you attempt something rash and dangerous. Rick 
It's coon hunting season once again! Allan Munroe 
I don't know what color you are but I do know you are a Fucking Nigger ,,,soon you will know what it feels to be without hope just as I felt since you Voted into office That Fucking Ass Kissing Brother of the Muslim Brotherhood , who did all he could do except suck the Dick of the King of Saudi Arabia on National T.V. , all while trying to completely destroy USA but he didn't learn enough in school regarding the Constitution of the USA. Soon Mr. Trump will be writing down names & kicking ASS 'î'î'î-Niger Clean Kut 
Not only do Trumpets have the tactical military training, and are stockpiling ammo, bombs, grenades and other weapons'¶ They've been WAITING FOR THE DAY they can legally open fire on blacks and liberals for DECADES. They are SO ready'¶ Trump says he will pay their legal fees and they feel emboldened.? det0918 
What a loser '¶.he is what you get when raise your children with violence, hit, beat and threaten your children, you get violent minds'¶who see no other way but to threaten other people and perpetrate on them what was done to them by their own parents- yes, it's white people's fault your life sucks. 
'¶amazing how many blacks are able to live life like the rest of us'¶in peace'¶. but you can't manage it '¶so it must be someone else's fault '¶who do white people blame when their lives suck? C.A.Martin 
Well Poe just remember there are ten times as many whites (many well armed) as blacks and your not exactly on good terms with the Hispanics as well. Self immolation is just not a good way to go. But go for it, burn baby burn. Maus 
They will destroy America one liquor store, one Best Buy and one Footlocker at a time! Zaphod Braden 
That nigga is the PROPERTY of George Soros. Zaphod Braden 
This moron should go visit Bernie Sanders 'î'î in VERMONT Sanders was born and raised in the New York City borough of Brooklyn and graduated from the University of CHICAGO in 1964. While a student, he was an active civil rights protest organizer for the CONGRESS OF RACIAL EQUALITY and STUDENT (not really)NONVIOLENT COORDINATING COMMITTEE. Bernie ran to Vermont in 1968, to get away from BLACKS to raise HIS family in SAFETY Sanders switched PARTIES, BETRAYED the Veterans, and instigates the Blacks and then RUNS AWAY. In January 1962, Sanders led a rally at the University of Chicago administration building to protest university president George Wells Beadle's segregated campus housing policy. 'We feel it is an intolerable situation when Negro and white students of the university cannot live together in university-owned apartments,' Sanders said at the protest. But then Sanders ran to SAFE LILLY WHITE VERMONT to raise HIS children far away from those Blacks he wants you to live with. Zaphod Braden 
He just qualified 'î as a DOMESTIC TERRORIST: Hussein Obama claims Congress 'must do it's Constitutional DUTY' by accepting his nominee, but Hussein REFUSES to do HIS Constitutional DUTY of evicting illegal invaders and securing OUR borders 'during a time of war on terror'. Hussein is the Chief Executive. Hussein's PRIMARY CONSTITUTIONAL DUTY is to enforce the laws, yet he REFUSES to do so. 
'our' politicians take oaths to uphold the LAW and the Constitution. When they REFUSE to, when they openly DEFY and circumvent the LAW, they FORFEIT their 'Governmental Immunity'. Every Politician who goes on record as supporting ILLEGAL INVADERS should be held financially responsible for PAYING REPARATIONS for the crimes done by the ILLEGALS. Start CIVIL FORFEITURE on the assets of Politicians that cover for ILLEGAL INVADERS. RESOURCES

ARTICLE

Home '∫ POLITICS '∫ NEW EMAILS IN CLINTON CASE CAME FROM ANTHONY WEINER'S ELECTRONIC DEVICES NEW EMAILS IN CLINTON CASE CAME FROM ANTHONY WEINER'S ELECTRONIC DEVICES 0 SHARES 
[10/28/16] Federal law enforcement officials said Friday that the new emails uncovered in the closed investigation into Hillary Clinton 's use of a private email server were discovered after the F.B.I. seized electronic devices belonging to Huma Abedin, a top aide to Mrs. Clinton, and her husband, Anthony Weiner. The F.B.I. is investigating illicit text messages that Mr. Weiner sent to a 15-year-old girl in North Carolina. The bureau told Congress on Friday that it had uncovered new emails related to the Clinton case 'î one federal official said they numbered in the thousands 'î potentially reigniting an issue that has weighed on the presidential campaign and offering a lifeline to Donald J. Trump less than two weeks before the election. In a letter to Congress, the F.B.I. director, James B. Comey, said that emails had surfaced in an unrelated case, and that they 'appear to be pertinent to the investigation.' Mr. Comey said the F.B.I. was taking steps to 'determine whether they contain classified information, as well as to assess their importance to our investigation.' He said he did not know how long it would take to review the emails, or whether the new information was significant. Post navigation

ARTICLE

Home '∫ ECONOMIC '∫ THE AMERICAN PUBLIC CAN NO LONGER DEAL WITH THE LIMITLESS CORRUPTION OF THEIR GOVERNMENT THE AMERICAN PUBLIC CAN NO LONGER DEAL WITH THE LIMITLESS CORRUPTION OF THEIR GOVERNMENT 8 SHARES 
[10/28/16] MARY WILDER -The federal government has really been dropping the ball over the last few decades. Time and time again they prove that they are completely untrustworthy and do not care about the citizens of the United States' best interests. As the recent Wikileaks emails have proven beyond a shadow of a doubt, those that hold positions of power within the federal government are owned by the corporations that continue to put financial gain over individual freedom. It's a scary reality, but there's no denying it any longer. 
Unfortunately this has been what Americans deal with for decades now. Nothing has ever been done about it because the American people felt as though there is nothing they could do in order to stop it. However, it appears as though we have lately gotten to the point where we are unwilling to put up with the corruption of our government any longer. 
In an article published on The Daily Sheeple , Charles Hugh Smith writes that the ruling elite 'have bamboozled, conned and misled the bottom 95% for decades, but their phony facade of political legitimacy and 'the rising tide raises all boats' has cracked wide open, and the machinery of oppression, looting and propaganda is now visible to everyone who isn't being paid to cover their eyes.' 
So what does this realization mean for the future of America? Hopefully that the rest of our country will continue waking up and opening their eyes to the truth. The longer the masses avoid the acknowledging the truth in regards to the federal government, the longer their control over the American people will last. During a time when our individual liberties are under attack every day, there is nothing more important than sending the message that we control our own lives. 
Of course, it is also extremely important to prepare for retaliation. These are people whose entire existence revolves around being able to control the populous. They are most likely not going to go down without a fight. When we begin rejecting their corruption on a mass level, they will definitely do everything in their power to silence the outspoken ones. You could argue that it has already begun in regards to social media. Other forms of expression are probably next. 
Human lives should be more valued than big governments. It's time that we all realize that and completely reject the global elite's plans to enslave us all. Our lives very well could depend on it. Post navigation

ARTICLE

Home '∫ WORLD NEWS '∫ WHAT EVERYDAY LIFE IS REALLY LIKE IN CUBA UNDER RA√öL CASTRO WHAT EVERYDAY LIFE IS REALLY LIKE IN CUBA UNDER RA√öL CASTRO 0 [10/28/16] Cuba is like going back in time. 
It's old and dirty. 
There's no advertising, probably because there's nothing to sell. The only billboards are propaganda for the dictatorship, with the faces of Fidel or Ra√∫l Castro, Che Guevara and Camilo Cienfuegos. 
You hear on the radio again and again 'in 1958,' or 'since the Revolution,' followed by news on Venezuela: ' '¶the monopolization of private supermarkets of the right and their allies'¶the international press'¶thanks to public policies of the Venezuelan government'¶famine has declined'¶' 
Money is the key factor determining how a person is treated. If you are a foreigner, things are great, given that apart from having money, the regime forces Cubans to try to 'make a good impression' 'î though it is difficult to pretend. The government behaves as if foreigners were royalty and Cubans were commoners. The same happens with Cuban-Americans who fled the island and return to visit, because they come back with purchasing power. 
Cubans work for practically nothing. The average salary for a Cuban is US $20. A nurse earns $40 per month. A teacher earns $20 per month and a doctor earns $60 per month. 
There are two markets in Cuba: the Cuban peso market and the dollar market. The dollar market has decent products, while poor quality products are valued in Cuban pesos. With the salary of a Cuban, the possibilities are limited to buying products in pesos, because only foreigners can buy products in dollars. 
Usually, when one goes to the market looking for a food item, it is not available. Sellers say they might have it tomorrow, but they rarely do. Other times, sellers do not have any money for giving change to the customers, or no packaging like napkins, plates, cups, bags, etc. 
Each family has its own 'sales control for food items' book, which indicates the amount of food that families can buy from the government. Often, they are the only things accessible and reasonably priced for a Cuban salary. 
Fruits, vegetables and meat are not part of the Cuban peso system, so not everyone gets to enjoy such things. The sales control book only includes rice, beans, sugar, coffee and pasta. Together, they still aren't enough to form a healthy diet. Post navigation

ARTICLE

Home '∫ POLITICS | US NEWS '∫ TRIGGERED: JOURNALIST SNOWFLAKES SCARED TRUMP SUPPORTERS ARE 'TURNING ON THE MEDIA' TRIGGERED: JOURNALIST SNOWFLAKES SCARED TRUMP SUPPORTERS ARE 'TURNING ON THE MEDIA' 0 SHARES 
[10/28/16] Triggered journalists from across the nation are bemoaning the treatment members of the press are receiving at Trump campaign rallies from the Trump supporters the media routinely misrepresents as ignorant racists, fascist Nazis, or disenchanted working whites. 
With increasing regularity, these journalist snowflakes are 'reporting' their victimization at the hands Trump supporters who chant mean things like, 'CNN sucks' and call them names like 'presstitutes.' 
For members of the media elite, the occasional taunts and jeers signal a dangerous threat to the free press. During an interview with Kellyanne Conway on Tuesday, CNN's Wolf Blitzer breathlessly asked Trump's campaign manager to ask Trump to stop calling out the press at his rallies because he is scared 'there could be an ugly incident' between Trump supporters and the 'hardworking young journalists' who cover his rallies. 
A quick review of media stories over the last two weeks reveals more than a dozen articles in major publications with the same 'journalists victimized by Trump supporters at rallies' narrative. Trump supporters endure long waits, messy parking, and often obstructed view seating to rally for their candidate. The press, on the other hand, is given their own entrance, sectioned off seating, and protection from event security and the Secret Service. 
After an exhaustive search, this Breitbart reporter could find exactly zero incidences of members of the media being physically attacked or assaulted at Trump rallies. None of this has stopped the misleading characterization of Trump supporters creating a 'menacing' and 'dangerous' environment for these special snowflakes. 
The narrative sprung up briefly in August when NBC 's Katy Tur wrote a long piece in Marie Claire in which she gives her account of her confrontational relationship with Trump and the backlash his 'insults' on her reporting created with his supporters. Here is a small piece from her 'no-holds-barred' account: 
I was six months into covering the Trump campaign for MSNBC and NBC News, and there I was, in the belly of a World War II battleship, in a press pen made out of bicycle racks, surrounded by thousands of whipped-up Trump supporters. 
'¶ 
Trump decided to go further in Mount Pleasant, pointing his finger squarely at me and launching a personal attack as millions of Americans watched at home. 
'What a lie it was,' Trump said, referring to the claim that he had left the stage abruptly. 'What a lie. Katy Tur. What a lie it was. Third. Rate. Reporter. Remember that.' The crowd's boos ricocheted off the iron hull of the USS Yorktown. 
Just a few days after the Tur piece was published, two other NBC press employees 'î Frank Thorp and Ali Vitali 'î tweeted out pictures and videos of Trump supporters showing insufficient deference to the press. It was so very traumatic that it inspired several stories, including this one in Real Clear Politics . Post navigation

ARTICLE

Home '∫ SOCIETY | US NEWS '∫ NATIONAL ANTHEM PROTESTS LEADING CAUSE FOR NFL RATINGS DROP NATIONAL ANTHEM PROTESTS LEADING CAUSE FOR NFL RATINGS DROP 0 SHARES [10/18/16] There are many reasons why the NFL's ratings are down in 2016. You may be dismissive of the very idea that the backlash to the national anthem protests, sparked by the 49ers' Colin Kaepernick, has played a role in the NFL's TV ratings, which have dropped by about 12 percent year-over-year. To continue to dismiss that is to blatantly ignore legitimate data on the subject. 
A fresh poll from Seton Hall surveyed 841 adults across the U.S. Each respondent was asked to identify seven separate factors as a reason for the NFL ratings drop, allowing them to answer 'yes' or 'no' for each of them. The leading factor, according to the poll, was the national anthem protests, which scored 'yes' at a rate of 56 percent. 
Other answers also scored 'yes' at a high rate, including 50 percent of 'yeses' for coverage of the presidential election, 47 percent for the league's handling of domestic violence cases, 44 percent for the over-saturation of the market, 39 percent for increased interest in postseason baseball, and 33 percent for controversy over head injuries and player safety. 
Interestingly enough, the lowest score, tied with player safety at 33 percent, was 'a decline in quality of play on the field.' Many would cite this as the overriding factor to all of this, and it certainly is factoring in. Post navigation

ARTICLE

Home '∫ POLITICS | US NEWS '∫ 8 POINTS VANISH IN 4 DAYS 8 POINTS VANISH IN 4 DAYS 0 SHARES 
[10/28/16] Donald Trump has gained on Hillary Clinton during the past week, according to a new Washington Post-ABC News tracking poll , solidifying support among core Republican groups as well as political independents. 
Roughly 6 in 10 still expect Clinton to prevail, while the poll finds shrinking concerns about the accuracy of the vote count and voter fraud in the election. 
Clinton holds a slight 48-44 percent edge over Trump among likely voters, with Libertarian Gary Johnson at 4 percent and Green Party nominee Jill Stein at 1 percent in the survey completed Sunday through Wednesday. Clinton held a six-point edge in the previous wave and a 12-point edge in the first wave of the tracking poll by ABC News Sunday (50 percent Clinton vs. 38 percent Trump). In a two-candidate contest, Clinton holds a five-point edge over Trump, 50 to 45 percent. 
Trump's growth in support from 38 percent to 44 percent is fueled by shored-up support among Republican-leaning voting groups as well as a significant boost among political independents. Trump has made up ground among whites, particularly those without college degrees and women. Trump now leads by a 30 percentage point margin among white voters without college degrees, up from 20 points from this weekend. White women now tilt toward Trump by 48 to 43 percent after leaning 49 to 43 percent in Clinton's favor before. 
Trump saw his biggest gains among political independents, favoring Trump by a 12-point margin in the latest tracking poll, 49 to 37 percent, after giving Clinton a narrow edge in late last week. Neither candidate has maintained a consistent lead among independent likely voters in Post-ABC polling this fall. Post navigation

ARTICLE

Home '∫ POLITICS '∫ 2006 AUDIO EMERGES OF HILLARY CLINTON PROPOSING RIGGING PALESTINE ELECTION 2006 AUDIO EMERGES OF HILLARY CLINTON PROPOSING RIGGING PALESTINE ELECTION 1 SHARES 
[10/28/16] On September 5, 2006, Eli Chomsky was an editor and staff writer for the Jewish Press, and Hillary Clinton was running for a shoo-in re-election as a U.S. senator. Her trip making the rounds of editorial boards brought her to Brooklyn to meet the editorial board of the Jewish Press. 
The tape was never released and has only been heard by the small handful of Jewish Press staffers in the room. According to Chomsky, his old-school audiocassette is the only existent copy and no one has heard it since 2006, until today when he played it for the Observer. 
The tape is 45 minutes and contains much that is no longer relevant, such as analysis of the re-election battle that Sen. Joe Lieberman was then facing in Connecticut. But a seemingly throwaway remark about elections in areas controlled by the Palestinian Authority has taken on new relevance amid persistent accusations in the presidential campaign by Clinton's Republican opponent Donald Trump that the current election is 'rigged.' 
Speaking to the Jewish Press about the January 25, 2006, election for the second Palestinian Legislative Council (the legislature of the Palestinian National Authority), Clinton weighed in about the result, which was a resounding victory for Hamas (74 seats) over the U.S.-preferred Fatah (45 seats). 
'I do not think we should have pushed for an election in the Palestinian territories. I think that was a big mistake,' said Sen. Clinton. 'And if we were going to push for an election, then we should have made sure that we did something to determine who was going to win.' Post navigation

ARTICLE

Home '∫ POLITICS | US NEWS '∫ DONALD TRUMP REPEATEDLY WARNED ANTHONY WEINER WAS A NATIONAL SECURITY RISK DONALD TRUMP REPEATEDLY WARNED ANTHONY WEINER WAS A NATIONAL SECURITY RISK 0 SHARES 
[10/29/16] Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump has repeatedly criticized rival Hillary Clinton for her 'bad judgment' and warned about the consequences of her top aide's husband's online philandering. 
On Friday the FBI chose to continue its investigation into Hillary Clinton's unauthorized, unsecured email server stored in a bathroom closet and used to conduct official state business. Furthermore, the New York Times reported that the FBI had seized devices from top Clinton aide Huma Abedin's estranged husband, disgraced former Congressman Anthony Weiner, while they investigated his sexting of an underage girl. One official said the new emails related to Clinton's case numbered 'in the tens of thousands.' 
Weiner's penchant for sexting underage girls and sending them sexually explicit photos of himself now endangers Clinton's presidential run. 
Trump hammered Weiner for years before his presidential run, calling him 'degenerate' and 'sick.' 
Trump also warned underage girls against Weiner back in 2012 and 2013, years before news broke that Weiner had sexually explicit texts and Skype calls with a 15-year-old girl. Post navigation

ARTICLE

Home '∫ POLITICS '∫ FBI FOUND 'TENS OF THOUSANDS OF EMAILS' BELONGING TO HUMA ABEDIN ON WEINER'S LAPTOP FBI FOUND 'TENS OF THOUSANDS OF EMAILS' BELONGING TO HUMA ABEDIN ON WEINER'S LAPTOP 5 SHARES 
[10/29/16] With furious Democrats 'ì and the Clinton Campaign 'ì now openly blasting the FBI's reopened investigation (as Republicans take delight for once in having a government agency reinforce their side of events), the question turns to just what emails were found on Weiner's laptop, and how damaging their contents are for the FBI to take the unprecedented step of 'intervening' in a major political event just days before the national election. 
We first laid what was the most likely explanation yesterday , when we showed several examples of Huma Abedin emails being sent from her work email account to her personal account at , courtesy of a Judicial Watch FOIA release. Of the more than 160 emails in the latest Judicial Watch release, some 110 emails 'ì two-thirds of the total 'ì were forwarded by Abedin to two personal addresses she controlled. The Washington Times reported in August 2015 that the State Department had admitted to a federal judge that Abedin and Mills used personal email accounts to conduct government business in addition to Clinton's private clintonemail.com to transact State Department business. 
One email from May 15, 2009, was sent by Abedin from her State Department email to her personal email. Abedin was archiving in her personal email account an email Hillary Clinton sent her from Clinton's private email server at . Abedin was asked to print out attachments to an email Mills sent via a private address the previous day to Clinton involving 'timetables and deliverables' for her review via Alec Ross, a technology policy expert who then held the title of senior adviser for innovation to Secretary Clinton. However, while forwarding Hillary's emails to her personal email server for 'convenience' is one thing, what is more troubling is the amount of redaction involved in these emails which migrated to the open email account, which as we now know ended up in Anthony Weiner's computer: in the above example, the two pages of timetables and deliverables attached to the email were 100 percent redacted, with 'PAGE DENIED' stamped across the first redacted page. 
An argument can be made that the extensive redaction confirms confidential material was part of the transmission. 
This is a nuanced point being pushed by Hillary Clinton supporters such as Newsweek's Kurt Eichenwald, who in an article yesterday tried to make a case citing 'sources' (even though the FBI said that nobody has seen the content of the Weiner/Abedin emails), that ' no emails being examined by FBI were to or from Clinton .' Post navigation

ARTICLE

Home '∫ VIDEO '∫ 5 STATES HILLARY IS SET TO STEAL FROM TRUMP 5 STATES HILLARY IS SET TO STEAL FROM TRUMP 0 SHARES Post navigation

ARTICLE

Home '∫ POLITICS '∫ LYNCH OBJECTED TO COMEY'S DECISION TO NOTIFY CONGRESS OF EMAIL REVIEW LYNCH OBJECTED TO COMEY'S DECISION TO NOTIFY CONGRESS OF EMAIL REVIEW 0 SHARES 
[10/29/16] Attorney General Loretta Lynch and Deputy Attorney General Sally Yates objected to FBI Director James Comey's decision to notify Congress about his bureau's review of emails related to Hillary Clinton's personal server, law enforcement officials familiar with the discussion said. 
Comey decided to disregard their objections and sent the letter Friday anyway, shaking the presidential race 11 days before the election and nearly four months after the FBI chief said he wouldn't recommend criminal charges over the Democratic nominee's use of the server. 
The officials acknowledged there was little Lynch and Yates could do given the fallout over Lynch's controversial meeting over the summer with former President Bill Clinton. 
Lynch and Yates objected after Comey gave advance notice to top officials at the Justice Department before sending the letter to lawmakers, law enforcement officials briefed on the matter said. Justice officials didn't sign off on Comey's decision and he didn't seek their approval, one official said. 
Instead, he made an independent decision to go against longstanding Justice Department and FBI practice to not comment publicly about politically sensitive investigations within 60 days of an election, the official said. 
Comey later explained his decision to provide Congress with the information in a letter to FBI employees. 
'We don't ordinarily tell Congress about ongoing investigations, but here I feel an obligation to do so given that I testified repeatedly in recent months that our investigation was completed,' Comey said. 'I also think it would be misleading to the American people were we not to supplement the record.' 
Clinton's campaign and allies quickly decried the decision's timing, and the candidate herself on Friday forcefully called on the FBI to release the 'full and complete facts' about its review. 
'Voting is underway, so the American people deserve to get the full and complete facts immediately,' Clinton said at a brief news conference in Des Moines, Iowa, adding it was 'imperative that the bureau explain this issue in question, whatever it is, without any delay.' 
Clinton said she was 'confident whatever (the emails) are will not change the conclusion reached in July,' when Comey said he wouldn't recommend criminal charges in the matter. 
Republican nominee Donald Trump, who has spent the past several weeks on defense, seized on the issue. 
'Hillary Clinton's corruption is on a scale we've never seen before,' Trump said at a rally in Manchester, New Hampshire. 'We must not let her take her criminal scheme into the Oval Office.' 
He later responded to Clinton's statement, saying she 'tried to politicize the investigation by attacking and falsely accusing the FBI director of only sending the letter to Republicans.' 
In a letter to eight congressional committee chairmen Friday, Comey said investigators are examining newly discovered emails that 'appear to be pertinent' to the email probe. 
'In connection with an unrelated case, the FBI has learned of the existence of emails that appear pertinent to the investigation,' Comey wrote the chairmen. 'I am writing to inform you that the investigative team briefed me on this yesterday, and I agreed that the FBI should take appropriate investigative steps designed to allow investigators to review these emails to determine whether they contain classified information, as well as to assess their importance to our investigation.' Post navigation

ARTICLE

Home '∫ SOCIETY | US NEWS '∫ CHARLESTON 'ON EGGSHELLS' ON EVE OF TWO RACIALLY CHARGED TRIALS CHARLESTON 'ON EGGSHELLS' ON EVE OF TWO RACIALLY CHARGED TRIALS 0 SHARES [10/20/16] Two South Carolina shootings that rocked the country last year and raised questions about race in America are now headed for trial, putting the historic city of Charleston on edge as the community awaits the testimony and juries' decisions. 
Jury selection begins on Monday in the case of Michael Slager, a white former policeman in North Charleston charged with murder in state court after he fatally shot unarmed black motorist Walter Scott in April 2015. 
One week later on Nov. 7, a federal death penalty trial is slated to start for avowed white supremacist Dylann Roof, who is accused of killing nine black parishioners during Bible study at Charleston's Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church in June 2015. 
The nearly simultaneous proceedings will take place at courthouses across the street from each other in the heart of Charleston's downtown district. Black community activists said the outcomes will test the calm that prevailed after the shootings and could trigger unrest if those angry about the killings feel justice is not served. 
'The community is, for lack of better words, on eggshells,' said Justin Bamberg, a state legislator and lawyer who represents Scott's family. 
Both trials are expected to last several weeks and draw national attention to the port city of about 133,000 people that is known for its cuisine and well-preserved 18th and 19th century architecture. But Bamberg said the cases have important distinctions. 
Roof's trial is less about his guilt or innocence than whether he will be sentenced to life in prison or death, Bamberg said. Roof's lawyers have said he would plead guilty to 33 counts of hate crimes, obstruction of religion and firearms charges if prosecutors agreed not to seek the death penalty. 
Slager's case, on the other hand, could produce a rare result: a guilty verdict against a U.S. police officer charged with murder or manslaughter. Post navigation 

ARTICLE

Home '∫ POLITICS '∫ CLINTON, COMEY AND THE E-MAIL SCANDAL: IS THERE A REBELLION AT THE FBI? CLINTON, COMEY AND THE E-MAIL SCANDAL: IS THERE A REBELLION AT THE FBI? 0 SHARES 
[10/31/16] The Clintons are a 'crime family' and Hillary a 'pathological liar,' said former assistant FBI director James Kallstrom during an interview Sunday. And it appears his belief is shared by current rank-and-file FBI agents, as a rebellion has apparently been brewing within the bureau. 
The latest shocking news on this front is that despite a plea deal to destroy laptops (evidence) belonging to Clinton associates, those devices were not destroyed and are still in the possession of the FBI. As the Daily Caller reports : 
Washington D.C. attorney Joe DiGenova said on The David Webb Show on SiriusXM Friday night that despite the FBI agreeing to destroy the laptops of Clinton aide Cheryl Mills and ex-campaign staffer Heather Samuelson as part of immunity deals made during the initial investigation of Clinton's email server, agents involved in the case refused to destroy the laptops. 
'According to the agreement reached with the attorneys who handed over their laptops, the laptops were to be destroyed per the agreement after the testimony was given 'î the interviews were given 'î by the attorneys. The bureau and the department agreed to that,' DiGenova said. 'However the laptops contrary to published reports were not destroyed and the reason is the agents who are tasked with destroying them refused to do so. And by the way the laptops are at the FBI for inspection by Congress or federal courts.' 
DiGenova said the laptops have already been subpoenaed and the FBI is waiting for Congress to ask for them. 
As to this report's credibility, American Thinker's Thomas Lifson notes that 'DiGenova, a former US Attorney and Washington, DC superlawyer is no flake. He has plenty of contacts within the FBI and a reputation to protect. So I take his words on Sirius/XM's David Webb show quite seriously.' 
Ever since FBI director James Comey (shown above) shook the political world Friday by announcing that the bureau was reopening the investigation into Clinton's illegal use of a private e-mail server, theories as to why he's acting now have proliferated. After all, since consensus was that Comey was covering for the Democrats at the Obama administration's behest, no one expected a revisiting of Clinton's criminality just over a week before the election. 
Of course, given that tens of thousands of e-mails 'î some apparently Clinton related 'î were recovered from ex-congressman Anthony Wiener's laptop during an investigation into his having sent illicit text messages to a 15-year-old girl, the most obvious explanation is that of Watergate journalist Carl Bernstein , that whatever was found is 'a real bombshell.' As Thomas Lifson wrote in '3 competing theories on why the FBI re-opened the Hillary email server investigation,' 'It is possible that something so dramatic came up in the pertinent emails that postponing a public reaction by not announcing the reopening of the investigation would, [sic] be regarded as political interference by covering up a smoking gun until after the election. In this scenario, Comey is assuming the evidence cannot be suppressed, and that he would be held accountable after it comes out. This scenario also indicates that we could be headed for a constitutional crisis, involving the possible indictment of a president-elect before an election. Or the evidence being turned over to the House of Representatives for impeachment hearings.' 
The second theory Lifson outlined was one put forth by radio host Rush Limbaugh. As Lifson wrote, 'By announcing an FBI Investigation resuming, Comey is putting a lid on further attention to Wikileaks. I guess this means that Clinton forces will argue we must wait for the investigation to be complete (after the election) before speaking about what the evil Russians are planting into our politics.' 
Lastly, Lifson wrote that Comey 'might be seeking to restore his badly damaged reputation, recognizing that the damage he has inflicted on the FBI is substantial. Three days ago, American Thinker published an open letter from a retired FBI agent, Hugh Galyean, that laid out some of the damage Comey has inflicted on the institution he leads. There is little doubt that this reached many in the FBI family, putting in print what people have only whispered about. If those silenced voices start speaking out, Comey could face a serious loss of face. In this scenario, he is heading off a staff rebellion, possibly including mass resignations.' 
This last theory is lent great credence by the news that the plea-deal laptops were never destroyed. If that story is true, it reflects a rebellion more serious than most anyone had imagined 'î with agents defying a direct order . This also adds weight to a related theory: that agents are so disgruntled that not only could some 'resign and reveal,' but that active personnel could actually leak the truth to the media. If this is the case, Comey might be trying to get out ahead of such a development. Post navigation

ARTICLE

Home '∫ POLITICS '∫ WIKILEAKS WARNS IT IS LAUNCHING 'PHASE THREE' OF ITS ELECTION COVERAGE WIKILEAKS WARNS IT IS LAUNCHING 'PHASE THREE' OF ITS ELECTION COVERAGE 0 SHARES 
[10/31/16] On Sunday night, Wikileaks enigmatically tweeted that it would launch ' phase 3 of [its] US election coverage' in the coming week. The site put politicians on notice Sunday evening in a tweet that also included a plea for donations. 
'We commence phase 3 of our US election coverage next week. You can contribute: https://shop.wikileaks.org/donate @WLTaskForce' the whistleblower website announced moments ago. 
On Sunday night, Wikileaks enigmatically tweeted that it would launch ' phase 3 of [its] US election coverage' in the coming week. The site put politicians on notice Sunday evening in a tweet that also included a plea for donations. 
'We commence phase 3 of our US election coverage next week. You can contribute: https://shop.wikileaks.org/donate @WLTaskForce' the whistleblower website announced moments ago. 
As the Hill noted , Wiki did not provide information about what the third phase entails or if there are still more revelations to come. As a reminder, Wikileaks' founder Julian Assange currently finds himself in the Ecuador embassy where his internet access has been revoked for the duration of the presidential campaign to avoid the appearance of intervention. 
Wikileaks supporters, now including a number of disgruntled GOP nominee Donald Trump and Bernie Sanders supporters, promptly replied with tweets expressing hope that phase three would ultimately damage Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton's campaign. User 'CorruptMedia' responded with a Photoshopped estimating what CNN coverage of Clinton being escorted to jail would look like. A new archive of Clinton-related documents would further irk a campaign still reeling from FBI director James Comey's announcement on Friday that new emails related to the Clinton server probe had been discovered. Post navigation

ARTICLE

Home '∫ WORLD NEWS '∫ HUNGRY VENEZUELANS STRIKE AGAINST MADURO REGIME HUNGRY VENEZUELANS STRIKE AGAINST MADURO REGIME 0 SHARES 
[10/30/16] Despite threats from the Nicol√°s Maduro 's administration, Venezuela started the day paralyzed by a strike organized by the country's political opposition. 
'Nobody leave their homes!' was the call made by the Democratic Unity Roundtable (MUD) this Friday, October 28. The general strike is supposed to last 12 hours 'î from six in the morning until six at night 'î as a way of protesting the government's refusal to go through with the presidential recall referendum process. 
The call precedes the possibility for dialogue between the two sides this Sunday, October 30, but following threats from the government against businesses who choose to join in on the peaceful protest. Part of those threats involved the government 'taking over' businesses by force. 
Faced with such threats, it isn't clear which businesses would go through with the strike and if regular workers would clock in. The student movement, meanwhile, made it clear that they would be participating in the strike. 
A sector of the National Worker's Union has joined in on the strike as well. 
In a statement titled 'Democracy and the Rule of Law Are at Stake in Venezuela,' the Venezuelan Federation of Chambers of Commerce said that the decision to participate is up to each and every individual business. 
Vice President Carlos Larraz√°bal reiterated that the agency is not taking a stance one way or another. Businesses have the freedom to strike if they want to. Post navigation

ARTICLE

Home '∫ SOCIETY | US NEWS '∫ SOME FLA. RESIDENTS PLAN ARMED TRICK-OR-TREATING AFTER CREEPY CLOWN THREATS SOME FLA. RESIDENTS PLAN ARMED TRICK-OR-TREATING AFTER CREEPY CLOWN THREATS 0 SHARES [10/20/16] Some residents unnerved by scary clown threats in their communities say they'll be armed for Halloween trick-or-treating, while authorities warn that widespread clown fears may endanger someone dressing up as a clown as a joke. 
There have been numerous clown sightings in Brevard County, and two men were arrested last week in Melbourne for allegedly threatening people while dressed as clowns and holding large bats, sticks or axes, according to a Florida Today reporter . 
The incidents have made some residents so nervous that they planned to arm themselves when they go out Halloween night. 
'Since I have no gun, I will be carrying a bat around on Halloween night,' said Pam Metz of Titusville. 
Kimberly Kersey said she'd carry a gun while taking her sons trick-or-treating in Palm Bay. 
'I'll be carrying for sure,' she said. 'I'm terrified of clowns already and if one messes with me or my kids it'll be to the hospital or morgue they go.' 
Police typically increase patrols for Halloween. Some law enforcement officials have urged people to reconsider dressing up as clowns to avoid inadvertently endangering themselves. 
'The problem is that someone dressed like a clown could scare someone and there's a possibility 'î a possibility 'î you could end up with someone getting shot,' said Palm Bay Police Lt. Mike Bandish. 
Cassandra Closson of West Melbourne gave the same advice to her 15-year-old son and forbade him from dressing as a clown. 
'Just not worth any drama,' Closson told Florida Today. Post navigation

ARTICLE

Home '∫ POLITICS | US NEWS '∫ HUMA ABEDIN SWORE UNDER OATH SHE GAVE UP 'ALL THE DEVICES' WITH STATE DEPT. EMAILS HUMA ABEDIN SWORE UNDER OATH SHE GAVE UP 'ALL THE DEVICES' WITH STATE DEPT. EMAILS 0 SHARES [10/30/16] In a normal election year, a normal candidate's close aide who caused even minor embarrassment to a campaign so near to Election Day would be whisked away as quickly as possible to avoid becoming a distraction. 
But Huma Abedin is not simply a close aide, she's a critical member of Hillary Clinton's tiny inner circle that protects and 'î at times 'î enables the deeply flawed and secretive Democratic nominee. 
So despite FBI Director James Comey's announcement that the bureau is reviewing emails from Abedin's time at the State Department reportedly found on a laptop she shared with her soon-to-be ex-husband Anthony Weiner (confiscated as a part of the FBI's investigation into allegations he sexted with a 15-year-old North Carolina girl), the campaign made clear on Saturday that she's not going anywhere. 
John Podesta, the chairman of the Clinton campaign, told reporters on a conference call that Abedin had been nothing but cooperative with investigators and sat for hours of depositions last summer as part of the civil lawsuit filed by Judicial Watch. 
'There's nothing that she's done that we think calls into question anything that she's done with respect to this investigation'¶ we fully stand behind her,' Podesta said. 
But the new information that the FBI found State Department-related email on her home laptop also calls into question whether Abedin in fact turned over all of the devices she used to send and receive email while working at State. 
On June 28, 2016, Abedin said under oath in a sworn deposition that she looked for all devices that she thought contained government work on them so the records could be given to the State Department. (These records were subsequently reviewed by the FBI.) 
'How did you go about searching for what records you may have in your possession to be returned to the State Department?' Attorney Ramona Cotca for Judicial Watch asked her. 
'I looked for all the devices that may have any of my State Department work on it and returned 'î returned 'î gave them to my attorneys for them to review for all relevant documents. And gave them devices and paper,' Abedin answered. Post navigation

ARTICLE

Home '∫ POLITICS | US NEWS '∫ LEAKED EMAIL REVEALS GOOGLE CHAIRMAN WANTED TO BE CLINTON CAMPAIGN'S 'HEAD OUTSIDE ADVISOR' LEAKED EMAIL REVEALS GOOGLE CHAIRMAN WANTED TO BE CLINTON CAMPAIGN'S 'HEAD OUTSIDE ADVISOR' 0 SHARES 
[10/28/16] Eric Schmidt, executive chairman of Google's parent company Alphabet, wanted to be 'head outside advisor' to the Hillary Clinton campaign, according to Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta in an email released by WikiLeaks. 
WikiLeaks has continued to reveal Schmidt's cozy relationship with the Clinton campaign. In a previously leaked email, a memo showed that Schmidt was working directly with the Clinton campaign on setting up various backend features to their website. 
In an April 2014 email from Podesta to Clinton campaign manager Robby Mook discussing the launch of Hillary's campaign, Podesta described how much Schmidt wanted to work with the campaign. 
'I met with Eric Schmidt tonight. As David reported, he's ready to fund, advise recruit talent, etc. He was more deferential on structure than I expected. Wasn't pushing to run through one of his existing firms. Clearly wants to be head outside advisor, but didn't seem like he wanted to push others out,' Podesta wrote . He added, 'Clearly wants to get going. He's still in DC tomorrow and would like to meet with you if you are in DC in the afternoon. I think it's worth doing. You around? If you are, and want to meet with him, maybe the four of us can get on the phone iN the am.' Post navigation

ARTICLE

Home '∫ POLITICS | US NEWS '∫ FBI FOUND 650,000 EMAILS ON LAPTOP FBI FOUND 650,000 EMAILS ON LAPTOP 0 SHARES 
[10/30/16] The surprise disclosure that agents from the Federal Bureau of Investigation are taking a new look at Hillary Clinton 's email use lays bare, just days before the election, tensions inside the bureau and the Justice Department over how to investigate the Democratic presidential nominee. 
Investigators found 650,000 emails on a laptop used by former Rep. Anthony Weiner and his estranged wife Huma Abedin, a close Clinton aide , and underlying metadata suggests thousands of those messages could have been sent to or from the private server that Mrs. Clinton used while she was secretary of state, according to people familiar with the matter. 
It will take weeks, at a minimum, to determine whether those messages are work-related from the time Ms. Abedin served with Mrs. Clinton at the State Department; how many are duplicates of emails already reviewed by the FBI; and whether they include either classified information or important new evidence in the Clinton email probe. Officials had to await a court order to begin reviewing the emails'îwhich they received over the weekend, according to a person familiar with the matter'îbecause they were uncovered in an unrelated probe of Mr. Weiner. 
The new investigative effort, disclosed by FBI Director James Comey on Friday, shows a bureau at times in sharp internal disagreement over matters related to the Clintons, and how to handle those matters fairly and carefully in the middle of a national election campaign. Even as the probe of Mrs. Clinton's email use wound down in July, internal disagreements within the bureau and the Justice Department surrounding the Clintons' family philanthropy heated up, according to people familiar with the matter. 
The latest development began in early October when New York-based FBI officials notified Andrew McCabe, the bureau's second-in-command, that while investigating Mr. Weiner for possibly sending sexually charged messages to a teenage minor , they had recovered a laptop. Many of the 650,000 emails on the computer, they said, were from the accounts of Ms. Abedin, according to people familiar with the matter. 
Those emails stretched back years, these people said, and were on a laptop that hadn't previously come up in the Clinton email probe. Ms. Abedin said in late August that the couple were separating. 
The FBI had searched the computer while looking for child pornography, people familiar with the matter said, but the warrant they used didn't give them authority to search for matters related to Mrs. Clinton's email arrangement at the State Department. Mr. Weiner has denied sending explicit or indecent messages to the minor. 
In their initial review of the laptop, the metadata showed many messages, apparently in the thousands, that were either sent to or from the private email server at Mrs. Clinton's home that had been the focus of so much investigative effort for the FBI. Senior FBI officials decided to let the Weiner investigators proceed with a closer examination of the metadata on the computer, and report back to them. 
At a meeting early last week of senior Justice Department and FBI officials, a member of the department's senior national-security staff asked for an update on the Weiner laptop, the people familiar with the matter said. At that point, officials realized that no one had acted to obtain a warrant, these people said. 
Mr. McCabe then instructed the email investigators to talk to the Weiner investigators and see whether the laptop's contents could be relevant to the Clinton email probe, these people said. After the investigators spoke, the agents agreed it was potentially relevant. 
Mr. Comey was given an update, decided to go forward with the case and notified Congress on Friday, with explosive results. Senior Justice Department officials had warned the FBI that telling Congress would violate policies against overt actions that could affect an election, and some within the FBI have been unhappy at Mr. Comey's repeated public statements on the probe, going back to his press conference on the subject in July. 
The back-and-forth reflects how the bureau is probing several matters related, directly or indirectly, to Mrs. Clinton and her inner circle. 
New details show that senior law-enforcement officials repeatedly voiced skepticism of the strength of the evidence in a bureau investigation of the Clinton Foundation, sought to condense what was at times a sprawling cross-country effort, and, according to some people familiar with the matter, told agents to limit their pursuit of the case. The probe of the foundation began more than a year ago to determine whether financial crimes or influence peddling occurred related to the charity. 
Some investigators grew frustrated, viewing FBI leadership as uninterested in probing the charity, these people said. Others involved disagreed sharply, defending FBI bosses and saying Mr. McCabe in particular was caught between an increasingly acrimonious fight for control between the Justice Department and FBI agents pursuing the Clinton Foundation case. 
It isn't unusual for field agents to favor a more aggressive approach than supervisors and prosecutors think is merited. But the internal debates about the Clinton Foundation show the high stakes when such disagreements occur surrounding someone who is running for president. 
The Wall Street Journal reported last week that Mr. McCabe's wife, Jill McCabe, received $467,500 in campaign funds in late 2015 from the political-action committee of Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe, a longtime ally of the Clintons and, until he was elected governor in November 2013, a Clinton Foundation board member. Post navigation

ARTICLE

Home '∫ HEALTH '∫ TARGET STORES TO LAUNCH IN-STORE VERTICAL FARMS TO GROW THEIR OWN CROPS TARGET STORES TO LAUNCH IN-STORE VERTICAL FARMS TO GROW THEIR OWN CROPS 10 SHARES 
[10/29/16] Indoor farming is quickly becoming a growing trend because of consumers' mistrust in GMOs, the yearning to buy as local as possible, and a decline in usable land. There are a variety of indoor farming options available, including incubators that grow plants for households and vertical hydroponic systems that can churn out huge amounts of produce in warehouses. 
The latter is likely what would be used at Target, who has announced that they will be testing out a vertical farming system starting in Spring 2017. The trials will be done at different locations across the country that have not yet been announced, but the store plans on starting out with leafy greens and possibly building their way up to potatoes, beets, and zucchini. 
Target collaborated with IDEO and the MIT Media Lab and created Food + Future coLab , a group that is 'pushing the edges of technology, business, and design to create new, impactful ventures' that change the way we know and create food. They have been researching in-store micro-farming for over a year and their findings will finally be put to the test next year. Greg Shewmaker, one of the entrepreneurs at the coLab, said, 
'Because it's MIT, they have access to some of these seed banks around the world, so we're playing with ancient varietals of different things, like tomatoes that haven't been grown in over a century, different kinds of peppers, things like that, just to see if it's possible.' Post navigation

ARTICLE

Home '∫ POLICE STATE '∫ HOMESCHOOL FAMILIES TARGETED IN DISTRICT'S 'OPERATION ROUND UP' HOMESCHOOL FAMILIES TARGETED IN DISTRICT'S 'OPERATION ROUND UP' 0 SHARES 
[10/31/16] A public school official in Florida has urged citizens to fight truancy by reporting any children they suspect might not be in school or being educated 'î including homeschool families. 
It is all part of an 'anti-truancy' initiative called Operation Round Up, in which residents of Jackson County, Florida, are urged to be on the lookout for children not in school and to report them to school officials or to police. 
A truancy report can lead to a home check by sheriff's deputies or police and possibly the arrest of the parents, TV station WJHG reported. 
The policy of the Jackson County School District is to send law enforcement to the homes of suspected truants. 
'Sometimes if these citizens don't call me, I have no way of knowing,' Shirl Williams, director of student services for the school system, told the TV station. 'So if it's a nosy neighbor, be a nosy neighbor. Just call me and let me check out the situation.' Post navigation

ARTICLE

EMAIL US: CONTACT@GOVTSLAVES.INFO Home '∫ POLITICS '∫ MUTINY AT THE FBI: COMEY WARNED BY HIS OWN AGENTS TO INDICT CLINTON OR WATCH THE FBI'S REPUTATION GO DOWN IN FLAMES MUTINY AT THE FBI: COMEY WARNED BY HIS OWN AGENTS TO INDICT CLINTON OR WATCH THE FBI'S REPUTATION GO DOWN IN FLAMES 0 SHARES 
[10/31/16] MIKE ADAMS 'ì As America inches toward open revolt over the runaway criminality and collusion of the democrats and the media , another kind of revolt is taking place inside the FBI. According to multiple sources in the independent media 'î now the only remaining 'free press' in America 'î FBI director James Comey was forced into announcing a reopening of the criminal investigation into Hillary Clinton's private email server by 'livid' FBI agents who threatened to go public if Comey didn't act. 
James Comey, long since suspected to be a Clinton operative who deliberately allowed Hillary Clinton to get away with a vast number of felony crimes and national security violations, now finds himself with his back against the wall. If he releases the evidence against Hillary Clinton already possessed by the FBI, he will face the wrath of Obama, the Clintons, the corrupt Loretta Lynch (DOJ) and the entire leftist media. If he once again gives Hillary Clinton a free pass on her numerous crimes, he then faces a mutiny inside the FBI which promises to bypass his authority and leak the criminal evidence directly to the alternative media. FBI agents under Comey are desperately trying to save their agency from going down in flames 
Agents inside the FBI, in other words, refuse to allow James Comey to let the agency go down in flames as just another corrupt branch of the 'Clinton crime family.' Via the Daily Mail UK : 
James Comey's decision to revive the investigation of Hillary Clinton's email server and her handling of classified material came after he could no longer resist mounting pressure by mutinous agents in the FBI , including some of his top deputies, according to a source close to the embattled FBI director. 
This dovetails with my own sources who tell me that the recent acquittal of the Oregon ranchers has also driven a stake through James Comey's reputation, as he is the FBI official who reportedly ordered the execution of Robert 'LaVoy' Finicum, whose suspected execution by FBI agents was caught on tape . 
Because the Oregon ranchers have now been acquitted by a jury, it means FBI head James Comey seems to have ordered the shooting and killing of an innocent man . 
Under Comey 'î and to the dismay of the many great agents working inside the FBI 'î Comey may have turned the agency toward a lawless armed tyranny that guns down innocent Americans while letting corrupt criminal politicians go free. For many FBI agents who have spent their entire careers serving the FBI as honest, dedicated federal agents, the thought of allowing James Comey to single-handedly commit political arson and burn down the FBI's hard-won reputation is just too much to bear. 
Resignations are beginning to pile up on Comey's desk as livid FBI agents head for the exits'¶ 
Via the Daily Mail: 
'The atmosphere at the FBI has been toxic ever since Jim announced last July that he wouldn't recommend an indictment against Hillary,' said the source, a close friend who has known Comey for nearly two decades'¶ [Comey] told his wife that he was depressed by the stack of resignation letters piling up on his desk from disaffected agents. The letters reminded him every day that morale in the FBI had hit rock bottom. 
'And while the decision to reopen the case may appease FBI agents and republicans, in the short-term, we suspect it does very little to restore overall faith in his competence. As such, we continue to question just how long Comey can hold out before being forced to resign his post,' adds Zero Hedge . 'At a bare minimum, in light of his continued questionable judgement and serious doubts raised about the integrity of the first investigation, we fail to understand how an independent investigation into Hillary's email server isn't warranted.' James Comey is an arsonist, and he's going to burn the FBI to the ground unless his agents mutiny 
The upshot of all this is that James Comey is an arsonist. If his own agents don't force him to apply the law to the Clinton investigations, Comey will burn the agency to the ground, leaving its reputation in ashes. And that, sadly, will make the world a very dangerous place for all the FBI agents in the field, because everyday Americans would begin to see them all as corrupt, lawless tyrants working as part of a criminal regime in Washington that refuses to apply laws to its own kind. 
The truth is that most FBI agents are hard working, professional men and women who are desperately trying to shut down the operations of terrorists, financial fraudsters, kidnappers, murderers and other dangerous criminals. Yet if James Comey doesn't defend the FBI's reputation by indicting Hillary Clinton , he will likely be placing FBI field agents in grave danger as they face the wrath of citizens who begin to see them all as part of a corrupt criminal tyranny run by the political mafia in D.C. 
Comey, in other words, is more dangerous to the entire FBI than any other single person in Washington right now. If he doesn't find his moral compass and guide the FBI through this crisis with law and order intact, he's going to go down in history (and in flames) as the man who forever destroyed the credibility of the FBI and likely turned his field agents into ready targets for an enraged populace. 
No doubt, he'll get an extra bonus from Loretta Lynch if he once again decides to nullify the rule of law in America and announce that Hillary won't be subject to the same laws that would immediately ensnare anyone else. Remember: If Comey gives Hillary Clinton a free pass, he demonstrates to all Americans that lawlessness is now the accepted standard of conduct in Washington . And if our political leaders will not be held to account for their crimes, then practically speaking, why should any citizen feel compelled to follow any federal laws at all? James Comey: If you want to salvage the FBI's reputation, announce a recommendation for the indictment of both Hillary Clinton and Loretta Lynch 
If there's one thing abundantly clear in all this, it's that both Hillary Clinton and Loretta Lynch should be behind bars . Clinton is a lifelong criminal and mafia boss. Lynch is a third-rate attorney who was tossed into the DOJ solely because of her gender and skin color, not her credentials. And neither one respects the laws of America, of course. Both are deeply corrupt. 
If the FBI hopes to have any reputation remaining after the Hillary Clinton campaign implodes either before or on November 8th, Comey needs to come out strong right now and lay out the evidence that unambiguously shows Hillary Clinton had CLEAR INTENT to violate national security laws , among other serious crimes. 
All Comey would have to say is something like, 'In the view of the FBI, Hillary Clinton is clearly not qualified to serve as Commander in Chief, and we recommend she be indicted for violations of national security'¶' and so on. With a single sentence, Comey could reinvigorate the FBI and position himself as an historic American hero. 
Right now, I'd imagine the Clinton machine is mailing bloody body parts in tiny wooden coffins to James Comey's home address, along with notes that say something like, 'You're next.' Let's watch and see if he grows a spine and refuses to be intimidated. Post navigation

ARTICLE

EMAIL US: CONTACT@GOVTSLAVES.INFO Home '∫ POLITICS '∫ WILL BARACK OBAMA DELAY OR SUSPEND THE ELECTION IF HILLARY IS FORCED OUT BY THE NEW FBI EMAIL INVESTIGATION? WILL BARACK OBAMA DELAY OR SUSPEND THE ELECTION IF HILLARY IS FORCED OUT BY THE NEW FBI EMAIL INVESTIGATION? 0 SHARES 
[10/31/16] MICHAEL SNYDER -Just when it looked like Hillary Clinton was poised to win the 2016 election , the FBI has thrown a game changer into the mix. On Friday, FBI Director James Comey announced that his agency has discovered new emails related to Hillary Clinton's mishandling of classified information that they had not previously seen. According to the Associated Press , the newly discovered emails 'did not come from her private server', but instead were found when the FBI started going through electronic devices that belonged to top Clinton aide Huma Abedin and her husband Anthony Weiner. The FBI has been looking into messages of a sexual nature that Weiner had exchanged with a 15-year-old girl in North Carolina, and that is why they originally seized those electronic devices. According to the Washington Post , the 'emails were found on a computer used jointly by both Weiner and his wife, top Clinton aide Huma Abedin, according to a person with knowledge of the inquiry', and according to some reports there may be 'potentially thousands' of emails on the computer that the FBI did not have access to previously. Even though there are less than two weeks to go until election day, this scandal has the potential to possibly force Clinton out of the race, and if that happens could Barack Obama delay or suspend the election until a replacement candidate can be found? 
Let's take this one step at a time. On Friday, financial markets tanked when reports of these new Clinton emails hit the wires. The following comes from CNN '¶ 
After recommending earlier this year that the Department of Justice not press charges against the former secretary of state, Comey said in a letter to eight congressional committee chairmen that investigators are examining newly discovered emails that 'appear to be pertinent' to the email probe. 
'In connection with an unrelated case, the FBI has learned of the existence of emails that appear pertinent to the investigation,' Comey wrote the chairmen. 'I am writing to inform you that the investigative team briefed me on this yesterday, and I agreed that the FBI should take appropriate investigative steps designed to allow investigators to review these emails to determine whether they contain classified information, as well as to assess their importance to our investigation.' 
At this point, we do not know what is contained in these emails. But without a doubt Huma Abedin is Hillary Clinton's closest confidant, and I have always felt that she was Clinton's Achilles heel. Journalist Carl Bernstein (of Watergate fame) is fully convinced that the FBI would have never made this move unless something significant had already been discovered '¶ 
We don't know what this means yet except that it's a real bombshell. And it is unthinkable that the Director of the FBI would take this action lightly, that he would put this letter forth to the Congress of the United States saying there is more information out there about classified e-mails and call it to the attention of congress unless it was something requiring serious investigation. So that's where we are'¶ 
Is it a certainty that we won't learn before the election? I'm not sure it's a certainty we won't learn before the election. 
One thing is, it's possible that Hillary Clinton might want to on her own initiative talk to the FBI and find out what she can, and if she chooses to let the American people know what she thinks or knows is going on. People need to hear from her'¶ 
If the FBI has indeed found something explosive, would they actually charge her with a crime right before the election? 
It is possible, but we also have to remember that government agencies (including the FBI) tend to move very, very slowly. If there are thousands of emails, it is going to take quite a while to sift through them all. And of course Barack Obama has lots of ways that he could influence, delay or even shut down the investigation. 
So those that are counting on this to be the miracle that Donald Trump needs should not count their chickens before they hatch. 
But if Hillary Clinton were to be forced out of the race by this FBI investigation, the Democrats would have to decide on a new candidate, and that would take time. The following is from a U.S. News & World Report article that examined what would happen if one of the candidates was forced out of the race for some reason'¶ 
If Clinton were to fall off the ticket, Democratic National Committee members would gather to vote on a replacement. DNC members acted as superdelegates during this year's primary and overwhelmingly backed Clinton over boat-rocking socialist Sen. Bernie Sanders of Vermont. 
DNC spokesman Mark Paustenbach says there currently are 445 committee members 'ì a number that changes over time and is guided by the group's bylaws, which give membership to specific officeholders and party leaders and hold 200 spots for selection by states, along with an optional 75 slots DNC members can choose to fill. 
But the party rules for replacing a presidential nominee merely specify that a majority of members must be present at a special meeting called by the committee chairman. The meeting would follow procedures set by the DNC Rules and Bylaws Committee and proxy voting would not be allowed. 
It would be extremely challenging to get a majority of the members of the Democratic National Committee together on such short notice. If Clinton were to drop out next week, it would be almost impossible for this to happen before election day. 
In such a scenario, Barack Obama may attempt to invoke his emergency powers . Since the election would not be 'fair' until the Democrats have a new candidate, he could try to delay or suspend the election. There would be a lot of controversy as to whether this is legal or not, but Barack Obama has not let the U.S. Constitution stop him in the past. 
Meanwhile, new poll numbers show that the Trump campaign was already gaining momentum even before this story about the new emails broke. According to a brand new ABC News/Washington Post survey, Donald Trump is now only trailing Hillary Clinton by 4 points after trailing her by as much as 12 points last weekend. 
And CNBC is reporting on a highly advanced artificial intelligence system that accurately predicted the outcomes of the presidential primaries and which is now indicating that Trump will be the winner in November'¶ 
An artificial intelligence system that correctly predicted the last three U.S. presidential elections puts Republican nominee Donald Trump ahead of Democrat rival Hillary Clinton in the race for the White House. 
MogIA was developed by Sanjiv Rai, founder of Indian start-up Genic.ai. It takes in 20 million data points from public platforms including Google, Facebook, Twitter and YouTube in the U.S. and then analyzes the information to create predictions. 
The AI system was created in 2004, so it has been getting smarter all the time. It had already correctly predicted the results of the Democratic and Republican Primaries. 
Without Hillary at the top of the ticket, the odds of a Trump victory would go way, way up. 
So if Hillary is forced out of the race by this investigation, Barack Obama and the Democrats will want to delay or suspend the election for as long as possible if they can. 
At this point there is probably not a high probability that such a scenario will play out, but in this crazy election year we have already seen that just about anything can happen. Post navigation

ARTICLE

Home '∫ POLITICS '∫ IF HILLARY CLINTON IS CHARGED WITH OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE SHE COULD GO TO PRISON FOR 20 YEARS IF HILLARY CLINTON IS CHARGED WITH OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE SHE COULD GO TO PRISON FOR 20 YEARS 0 SHARES 
[10/31/16] MICHAEL SNYDER -In the world of politics, the cover-up is often worse than the original crime. It was his role in the Watergate cover-up that took down Richard Nixon, and now Hillary Clinton's cover-up of her email scandal could send her to prison for a very, very long time. When news broke that the FBI has renewed its investigation into Hillary Clinton's emails, it sent shockwaves throughout the political world . But this time around, we aren't just talking about an investigation into the mishandling of classified documents. I haven't heard anyone talking about this, but if the FBI discovers that Hillary Clinton altered, destroyed or concealed any emails that should have been turned over to the FBI during the original investigation, she could be charged with obstruction of justice. That would immediately end her political career, and if she was found guilty it could send her to prison for the rest of her life. 
I have not seen a single news report mention the phrase 'obstruction of justice' yet, but I am convinced that there is a very good chance that this is where this scandal is heading. The following is the relevant part of the federal statute that deals with obstruction of justice '¶ 
Whoever knowingly alters, destroys, mutilates, conceals, covers up, falsified, or makes a false entry in any record, document, or tangible object with the intent to impede, obstruct, or influence the investigation or proper administration of any matter within the jurisdiction of any department or agency of the United States or any case filed under Title 11, or in relation to or contemplation of any such matter or case, shall be fined under this title, imprisoned not more than 20 years, or both. 
If Hillary Clinton is sent to prison for 20 years, that would essentially be for the rest of her life. 
I have a feeling that the FBI is going to find a great deal of evidence of obstruction of justice in Huma Abedin's emails. But unfortunately there is not likely to be a resolution to this matter before November 8th, because according to the Wall Street Journal there are approximately 650,000 emails to search through'¶ 
As federal agents prepare to scour roughly 650,000 emails to see how many relate to a prior probe of Hillary Clinton 's email use, the surprise disclosure that investigators were pursuing the potential new evidence lays bare building tensions inside the bureau and the Justice Department over how to investigate the Democratic presidential nominee. 
Metadata found on the laptop used by former Rep. Anthony Weiner and his estranged wife Huma Abedin, a close Clinton aide, suggests there may be thousands of emails sent to or from the private server that Mrs. Clinton used while she was secretary of state, according to people familiar with the matter. It will take weeks, at a minimum, to determine whether those messages are work-related from the time Ms. Abedin served with Mrs. Clinton at the State Department; how many are duplicates of emails already reviewed by the Federal Bureau of Investigation; and whether they include either classified information or important new evidence in the Clinton email probe. 
Of those 650,000 emails, an inside source told Fox News that ' at least 10,000 ' would be of interest to the investigation. 
At this point, FBI officials have not even begun searching through the emails, because a search warrant has not been secured yet. The following comes from CNN '¶ 
Government lawyers haven't yet approached Abedin's lawyers to seek an agreement to conduct the search. Sources earlier told CNN that those discussions had begun, but the law enforcement officials now say they have not. 
Either way, government lawyers plan to seek a search warrant from a judge to conduct the search of the computer, the law enforcement officials said. 
But the FBI is reportedly already searching a laptop that was co-owned by Anthony Weiner and Huma Abedin, and no warrant was necessary for that search because Weiner is cooperating with the FBI. 
Many have been wondering why FBI Director James Comey would choose to make such a bold move just over a week until election day. Surely he had to know that this would have a dramatic impact on the election, and it is unlikely that he would have done so unless someone had already found something really big. In addition, Comey was reportedly eager to find an opportunity to redeem himself in the eyes of his peers at the FBI. The following is an excerpt from a Daily Mail article that was written by Ed Klein, the author of a recently released New York Times bestseller about the Clintons entitled ' Guilty As Sin ''¶ 
'The atmosphere at the FBI has been toxic ever since Jim announced last July that he wouldn't recommend an indictment against Hillary,' said the source, a close friend who has known Comey for nearly two decades, shares family outings with him, and accompanies him to Catholic mass every week. 
'Some people, including department heads, stopped talking to Jim, and even ignored his greetings when they passed him in the hall,' said the source. 'They felt that he betrayed them and brought disgrace on the bureau by letting Hillary off with a slap on the wrist.' 
According to the source, Comey fretted over the problem for months and discussed it at great length with his wife, Patrice. 
He told his wife that he was depressed by the stack of resignation letters piling up on his desk from disaffected agents. The letters reminded him every day that morale in the FBI had hit rock bottom. 
So what happens next? 
In the most likely scenario, the FBI will not have time to complete the investigation and decide whether or not to charge Hillary Clinton before the election. This means that we would go into November 8th with this scandal hanging over the Clinton campaign, and that would seem to be very good news for Donald Trump. 
However, it is possible that once the FBI starts searching through these emails that they could come to the conclusion very rapidly that charges against Clinton are warranted, and if that happens we could still see some sort of announcement before election day. 
In the unlikely event that does happen, we could actually see Hillary Clinton forced out of the race before November 8th. 
Once again, this appears to be very unlikely at this point, but it is still possible. 
If Clinton was forced to step aside, the Democrats would need to come up with a new nominee, and that process would take time. In an article later today on The Most Important News I will reveal who I believe that nominee would be. 
In such a scenario, the Democrats would desperately need time to get their act together, and so we could actually see Barack Obama attempt to delay or suspend the election . The legality of such a move is highly questionable, but Barack Obama has not allowed a little thing like the U.S. Constitution to stop him in the past. 
This week is going to be exceedingly interesting 'ì that is for sure. 
The craziest election in modern American history just keeps getting crazier, and I have a feeling that even more twists and turns are ahead. 
It sure seems ironic that Anthony Weiner is playing such a central role this late in the story, and I can't wait to see what is in store for the season finale. Post navigation

ARTICLE

Home '∫ POLITICS '∫ IS THIS WHY COMEY BROKE: A STACK OF RESIGNATION LETTERS FROM FURIOUS FBI AGENTS IS THIS WHY COMEY BROKE: A STACK OF RESIGNATION LETTERS FROM FURIOUS FBI AGENTS 0 SHARES 
[10/31/16] Conspiracy theories have swirled in recent days as to why FBI Director James Comey reopened Hillary's email investigation after just closing it back in July concluding that, although Hillary had demonstrated gross negligence in her establishment of a private email server, that 'no reasonable prosecutor' would bring a case against her. Democrats, after lavishing Comey with praise for months on concluding his investigation in an 'impartial' way, have since lashed out at him for seeking to influence the 2016 election cycle with Hillary herself describing his recent actions as 'deeply troubling'. Republicans, on the other hand, have praised Comey's recent efforts as an attempt to correct a corrupt investigation that seemingly ignored critical evidence while granting numerous immunity agreements to Clinton staffers. 
According to the Daily Mail , and a source close to James Comey, the decision, at least in part, came after he 'could no longer resist mounting pressure by mutinous agents in the FBI' who 'felt that he betrayed them and brought disgrace on the bureau by letting Hillary off with a slap on the wrist.' 
James Comey's decision to revive the investigation of Hillary Clinton's email server and her handling of classified material came after he could no longer resist mounting pressure by mutinous agents in the FBI , including some of his top deputies, according to a source close to the embattled FBI director. 
'The atmosphere at the FBI has been toxic ever since Jim announced last July that he wouldn't recommend an indictment against Hillary,' said the source, a close friend who has known Comey for nearly two decades, shares family outings with him, and accompanies him to Catholic mass every week. 
'Some people, including department heads, stopped talking to Jim, and even ignored his greetings when they passed him in the hall,' said the source. 'They felt that he betrayed them and brought disgrace on the bureau by letting Hillary off with a slap on the wrist.' 
According to the source, Comey fretted over the problem for months and discussed it at great length with his wife, Patrice. 
He told his wife that he was depressed by the stack of resignation letters piling up on his desk from disaffected agents. The letters reminded him every day that morale in the FBI had hit rock bottom. 
'The people he trusts the most have been the angriest at him,' the source continued. 'And that includes his wife, Pat. She kept urging him to admit that he had been wrong when he refused to press charges against the former secretary of state. 
Though we're sure there are many facets behind Comey's decision making process, we can all be quite certain, at this point, that he's not motivated by a desire to make friends having now alienated just about everyone in Washington, both in law enforcement and in both political parties. In fact, after Tim Kaine just last week praised Comey as a 'wonderful' career public servant with the 'highest standards of integrity' '¶. Post navigation

ARTICLE

Sent: Sun Oct 25 [11:49:45] 2009 
Subject: Re: Honduras 
Sounds good. 
There will be those who take a hard line on the elections, but perhaps some fence-sitting countries could be persuaded on conditional recognition. I'll flag it for Tom and Craig. 
From: H 
Sent: Mon Oct 26 07:27:12 2009 
Subject: Fw: Honduras 
All of this did not print last night, It stopped after Fourth! [Redacted due to information 'kept secret in the interest of national defense or foreign policy;' 'foreign relations or foreign activities of the US, including confidential sources'] 
From: Huma Abedin [Huma@clintonemail.com] 
Sent: Monday, October 26, 2009 8:06:12 AM 
To: humaabedin [Redacted] 
Subject: Fw: Honduras 
The emails also include an exchange between Abedin, Clinton personal assistant Lauren Jiloty, and Iris Anaya, the assistant to sugar magnate and Clinton Foundation donor Alfonso Fanjul concerning a request for special access to Clinton. On October 13, 2009, Anaya emailed Abedin seeking to arrange a meeting between Fanjul, the CEO of Florida Crystals, and Clinton. Jiloty responded the next day, asking that Anaya talk with Clinton scheduler Lona Valmoro about 'setting up a meeting.' Fanjul donated more than $100,000 to the Clinton Foundation and was a Bill Clinton co-chairman in Florida. 
In an October 26, 2009, email exchange, power attorney and Hillary Clinton financial supporter, Charlie Ann Syprett, contacted Doug Band, apparently seeking help in getting around U.S. Office of Foreign Asset Control (OFAC) restrictions on U.S. citizens' ability to travel to Cuba. Syprett ostensibly wanted a waiver from the restrictions to enable people from her organization, SYC Charitable Foundation, to travel to Cuba, noting 'we are not asking for something out of the ordinary.' 
The emails also show that Valmoro sent Clinton's government schedule to the unsecure email addresses of numerous members of the Clinton Foundation staff on October 16, 2009, again on October 18, 2009, and on October 25, 2009. The emails also include discussions of personnel matters and appointments on Clinton's unsecure account, which may run afoul of federal privacy law. 
This is the thirteenth set of records produced for Judicial Watch by the State Department from the non-state.gov email accounts of Huma Abedin. The documents were produced under a court order in a May 5, 2015, Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) lawsuit against the State Department requiring the agency to produce 'all emails of official State Department business received or sent by former Deputy Chief of Staff Huma Abedin from January 1, 2009 through February 1, 2013, using a 'non-state'.gov email address' ( Judicial Watch, Inc. v. U.S. Department of State (No. 1:15-cv-00684)). Previous records releases documented special Clinton State Department consideration for Clinton Foundation supporters (see here , here , and here .) 
'We've once again uncovered classified information in Hillary Clinton's and Huma Abedin's emails,' said Judicial Watch President Tom Fitton. 'It is frankly remarkable that the FBI and Justice Department are only now investigating Abedin's connection to Clinton's mishandling of classified information.' Post navigation

ARTICLE

Home '∫ POLITICS '∫ BIGGEST ELECTION FRAUD IN HISTORY DISCOVERED IN THE UNITED STATES: BREAKING NOW BIGGEST ELECTION FRAUD IN HISTORY DISCOVERED IN THE UNITED STATES: BREAKING NOW 1 SHARES 
[10/31/16] INFOWARS 'ì Bev Harris, the country's leading vote fraud expert, joined the Alex Jones Show Monday to reveal the results of a bombshell investigation into 'vote shaving' software. 
Used in precincts all across the country, the software 'ì deemed 'the most devastating election theft mechanism yet found' 'ì allows votes to be fractured and rounded up or down to sway the results for any candidate. 
According to Harris, a member of the non-partisan Black Box Voting investigative team, this latest discovery constitutes the 'missing piece' that blows the lid off of wide-scale voter fraud. 
'It was put in the system in 2001 but it came into wide use in 2006,' Harris said. 'It took someone with a special set of skills to know what to look for.' 
A mini-documentary by Black Box Voting on the discovery shows real-time demonstrations with the secretive software. 
'It can give contract signing authority to whoever the user chooses,' the video's description states. 'All political power can be converted to the hands of a few anonymous subcontractors.' 
'It runs silently, invisibly, and can produce plausible results that really pass for the real thing.' 
Further analysis on the malicious software provided by Alex Jones reveals how this revelation ties into the 2016 presidential election. 
Post navigation

ARTICLE

Home '∫ ECONOMIC '∫ U.S. TRUCKING COMPANIES SLASH FLEETS AMID 'TEPID SHIPPING DEMAND' U.S. TRUCKING COMPANIES SLASH FLEETS AMID 'TEPID SHIPPING DEMAND' 0 SHARES 
[10/31/16] For months now we have been writing about the collapse of class 8 truck orders. For the month of September, net class 8 orders were down 16% YoY while LTM orders were down a staggering 41%. In fact, the level of trailing 12-month net orders is the lowest since January 2011 with YoY changes now in negative territory for 19 consecutive months. 
Therefore, it should come as little surprise that large trucking companies in the U.S. are being forced to slash fleets amid slumping demand and slack capacity. According to the Wall Street Journal , several U.S. trucking companies, including Swift, Werner and Covenant, have all been forced to cut 1,000s of trucks from their fleets as 'overcapacity has driven down pricing.' Of course, all this means that class 8 truck manufactures are unlikely to see an uptick in new orders anytime in the near future with Werner promising it won't add trucks 'until they see meaningful improvement in the freight and rate markets.' 
'We haven't seen any difficulty in finding trucks,' said Ken Forster, chief executive of logistics company Sunteck Transport Group, a broker based in Jacksonville, Fla., that finds and books trucks for freight shippers. 'It's clear that overcapacity has driven down pricing.' 
In quarterly earnings reports this month, Swift Transportation Co., Werner Enterprises Inc. and Covenant Transportation Group Inc. said they have pulled a combined hundreds of trucks from service since the second quarter. 
Idling trucks is a way large fleets can quickly reduce capacity to match demand, which has stagnated this year amid uneven retail imports and sluggish growth for manufacturers. 
Swift, the country's largest truckload carrier, counted 581 fewer trucks in the third quarter than it did this time last year, and plans to cut an additional 200 trucks in the fourth quarter. The company's fleet tops 19,000 big rigs. 
Werner, the fifth-largest U.S. truckload carrier, according to SJ Consulting Group, said it cut its fleet by 240 trucks in the quarter ended Sept. 30 from a year earlier. The company posted a 41% drop in third-quarter net profit, to $18.9 million, and said in its earnings statement that it won't add trucks 'until we see meaningful improvement in the freight and rate markets.' 
That said, we wouldn't hold our breath waiting for demand and pricing to rebound. As Barclays points out, consumer goods imports have continued to remain very weak in 2016 which they think could ' presage a slowdown in household demand. ' Moreover, Barclays points out that amongst durable goods orders only autos have held up over the past several months amid overall declines for the larger basket though even autos have seemingly ' reached a plateau.' Post navigation

ARTICLE

Home '∫ POLITICS | US NEWS '∫ PETER THIEL'S CIA-BACKED DATA MINING COMPANY WINS COURT BATTLE AGAINST THE U.S. ARMY PETER THIEL'S CIA-BACKED DATA MINING COMPANY WINS COURT BATTLE AGAINST THE U.S. ARMY 0 SHARES 
[10/31/16] PALANTIR, A DATA mining behemoth that received startup funding from the CIA, just got its foot in the door to a lucrative U.S. military contract following a months-long legal battle with the Army. 
On Monday the software company won the chance to pitch its data services, the Gotham Platform, to help build out an upgrade to the Distributed Common Ground System 'î an Army program 'that gathers intelligence spanning all echelons from space to mud,' according to the service's website. 
The contracts for the project could eventually total in the billions of dollars. 
The Army has had a strained relationship with the Silicon Valley startup, despite the company's coziness with the intelligence community, according to press reports. This summer, Palantir sued the Army , alleging it failed to abide by solicitation rules when it excluded the company from the bid to help design the intelligence system. 
The Army asserted Palantir couldn't sue before the contract was awarded, and didn't have standing to do so. 
U.S. Court of Federal Claims Judge Marian Blank Horn agreed with Palantir during an open hearing on Monday, according to Bloomberg News. Her written opinion was filed under seal, giving both parties a chance to request redactions. 
Once called 'the war on terror's secret weapon,' Palantir's software helps users, whether law enforcement officials or businesspeople, understand and track relationships in data. The company's proprietary algorithms are designed to sift through massive troves of data 'î whether bank transactions, social media interactions, weather calculations, or crime reports 'î and spit out conclusions about everything from terrorist cells to car thieves. Post navigation

ARTICLE

Home '∫ POLITICS '∫ POLITICAL WARFARE EXPLODES IN WASHINGTON POLITICAL WARFARE EXPLODES IN WASHINGTON 0 SHARES 
[10/31/16] Just a week before Election Day, the crisis gripping the American ruling class and its state, marked by intractable and bitter internal conflicts, has erupted into open political warfare. 
Last Friday's letter from Federal Bureau of Investigation Director James Comey to Congress announcing new 'investigative steps' in the probe of Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton, itself a manifestation of the crisis, has brought the underlying tensions to the boiling point. It has exposed raging conflicts within the FBI and, more broadly, the national security apparatus as a whole. 
Comey's cryptic letter acknowledged that the FBI has not actually reviewed a new batch of emails that 'appear to be pertinent' to its previous investigation into Clinton's use of a private email server for official business while she was secretary of state. The agency, he wrote, 'cannot yet assess whether or not this material may be significant.' This astonishing admission makes all the more extraordinary Comey's decision to make the discovery of the new emails a public issue only eleven days before the election. 
In a rapid-fire series of developments this weekend, Justice Department officials revealed that they had opposed Comey's decision to send the letter, arguing that it violated a longstanding principle that no Justice Department or FBI action that might impact on a candidate should be announced within 60 days of an election. 
The Clinton campaign and congressional Democrats lashed out at Comey for the timing of the letter. At a campaign rally in Daytona Beach, Florida, Clinton said Comey's action is 'not just strange, it's unprecedented.' She also tweeted that 'FBI Director Comey bowed to partisan pressure,' suggesting that the letter was an effort to appease congressional Republican leaders opposed to Comey's determination last July that there was no basis for criminal charges against Clinton over her use of a private email server. 
Democratic Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid sent a letter to Comey suggesting that he had violated the law forbidding government employees to use their official positions to influence the result of an election. 'I am writing to inform you that my office has determined that these actions may violate the Hatch Act,' he wrote. 'Through your partisan actions, you may have broken the law.' 
He added that Comey had 'demonstrated a disturbing double standard for the treatment of sensitive information, with what appears to be clear intent to aid one political party over another,' because he had made public the renewed FBI interest in Clinton's emails, but was silent on what Reid called 'explosive information' supposedly connecting Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump to Russian government officials. 
Here Reid was resorting to the Russia-baiting that has been the Clinton campaign's main response to the publication by WikiLeaks of tens of thousands of emails and other documents sent or received by campaign chairman John Podesta, including devastating information on Bill Clinton's use of the Clinton Foundation to obtain lucrative speaking engagements with corporations and business associations. Campaign spokesmen have refused to discuss the contents of the emails, claiming that they were hacked by Russian government agents and then handed over to WikiLeaks to damage Clinton and help Trump. 
NBC News reported Sunday that the FBI has now obtained a search warrant to go through all 650,000 emails found on the laptop of former congressman Anthony Weiner, the estranged husband of Clinton's closest aide, Huma Abedin. Weiner is under FBI investigation for allegedly sending sexually explicit text messages to an underage girl. 
The Wall Street Journal gave details, in a story posted on its web site Sunday afternoon, of the explosive internal crisis within the FBI that led to Comey's letter to Congress. By this account, there has been a fierce battle within the FBI and between the FBI and the Justice Department not only over the Clinton email investigation, but over separate investigations involving four FBI field offices (New York, Washington DC, Los Angeles and Little Rock, Arkansas) into the operations of the Clinton Foundation. 
More than eight months ago, FBI agents presented plans for a more aggressive investigation of the foundation to career prosecutors in the Justice Department, only to have the proposal blocked on the grounds that there was insufficient evidence. The FBI offices nonetheless continued their investigations, which were intensified after the Clinton email investigation was wound up in July. 
The Journal report suggests that either a substantial faction within the FBI was convinced that top FBI officials were covering up criminal activities on the part of Hillary and Bill Clinton, or the FBI dissidents were politically motivated to use agency resources to undermine Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign, or both. 
When top officials in the FBI and Justice Department opposed these efforts, open rebellion followed, expressed in leaks to the Wall Street Journal centrally targeting FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe, whose wife was an unsuccessful Democratic candidate for state senate in Virginia last year. According to some press reports, Comey sent his letter to Congress last week because he was convinced the information would become public anyway through further leaks by FBI subordinates. 
The open warfare engulfing Washington on the eve of a presidential election reveals that the entire political system and the state apparatus itself are riven by tensions and conflicts so deep and bitter that they cannot be contained within the traditional framework of bourgeois elections. Fueling these tensions is the convergence of crises on the economic, geopolitical, internal political and social fronts. 
The US and world economy remain mired in stagnation more than eight years after the 2008 Wall Street crash, and there are growing fears that central bank policies designed to buttress the banks and drive up stock prices are leading to a new financial disaster. The economic crisis is fueling social anger and alienation from the entire political system, as reflected in different ways in the mass support for the anti-Wall Street campaign of the self-styled 'socialist' Bernie Sanders and the 'America first' pseudo-populist campaign of Donald Trump. Post navigation

ARTICLE

Home '∫ WORLD NEWS '∫ SIXTY KILLED IN NEW US-SAUDI WAR CRIME IN YEMEN SIXTY KILLED IN NEW US-SAUDI WAR CRIME IN YEMEN 0 SHARES 
[10/31/16] The murderous and criminal character of the US-Saudi war against Yemen, the poorest country of the Middle East, was laid bare once again Sunday with the report of an air strike that claimed the lives of scores of civilians in the Red Sea port city of Al Hudaydah. 
The bombs struck a prison facility inside a government compound controlled by the Houthi rebel movement, which controls the north and west of the country. 
According to reports from Yemen, more than 60 people were killed in the air strike, which demolished two detention centers, and at least 40 more were wounded. The Saudi warplanes used their familiar tactic of dropping bombs on the facility and then waiting for people to rush to the scene to search for survivors before bombing again to achieve the maximum death toll. 
Prisoners and guards alike were buried in the rubble. Photographs released from the scene showed lines of bodies covered in sheets. 
The prison bombing, which took place at about midnight Saturday, followed close on the heels of another air strike in the western city of Taiz in the western Yemeni highlands, the country's third largest population center and a major cultural center. 
Taiz has been the scene of bitter fighting between the Houthi rebels and Saudi-backed ground forces for the past year and a half. 
Saturday's raid there targeted the al-Salw residential district near the front lines, demolishing several homes. Among those struck was the house of Abdullah Abdo, in which the US-supplied bombs dropped by Saudi jets took the lives of 11 members of the same family. Many of the victims were children. Reportedly seven of the dead were women. 
The air strikes Saturday were the bloodiest since October 8, when Saudi warplanes attacked a funeral home in the capital of Sana'a, killing and wounding at least 700 people. As many as 155 people died in that attack, which left many of the wounded without limbs and otherwise maimed. Like the latest strike on the prisons, it was a 'double tap' bombing raid, timed to ensure that those rushing to the aid of the wounded would also be killed. 
There is every reason to believe that this earlier attack was not a matter of collateral damage or mistaken targeting, but rather a deliberate attempt to decapitate the Houthi regime in Sana'a. The funeral that was hit was for the father of the government's interior minister and was attended by a number of senior officials, who lost their lives. 
In the aftermath of that horrific bombing, US officials issued mealy-mouthed statements to the effect that Washington's support for the Saudi war was 'not a blank check' and that it would be realigned in accordance with 'American values.' 
Since then, US aid has continued to flow. US planes are continuing to refuel Saudi fighters in midair so that they can carry out these murderous attacks. And the US Navy has itself joined the onslaught, launching Tomahawk cruise missiles at alleged Houthi radar stations, supposedly in retaliation for missiles fired at a US warship in the Red Sea. US military officials have subsequently acknowledged doubts about the supposed missile attacks, raising the possibility that a US Navy radar malfunction had generated ghost signals. 
Just one day before the latest atrocities carried out against the Yemeni people, both the United States and Saudi Arabia were voted onto the United Nations Human Rights Council. The elevation to this panel of the two countries most responsible for killing an estimated 10,200 Yemenis in the past year and a half, the great majority of them civilians, and pushing at least half the population to the brink of starvation serves to unmask the hypocrisy of the entire 'human rights' framework for justifying imperialist wars and interventions all over the globe. Post navigation

ARTICLE

Home '∫ POLITICS '∫ CLINTON: I'D ADD MICHELLE OBAMA TO MY CABINET CLINTON: I'D ADD MICHELLE OBAMA TO MY CABINET 0 SHARES 
[10/31/16] Hillary Clinton says she is open to making first lady Michelle Obama a member of her Cabinet should she become president. 
'She's made it pretty clear she wants to focus on important issues like girls' education around the world 'ì she and I actually talked about it when we were together in Winston-Salem [N.C.] 'ì and I want to be the best partner I can be for whenever she wants to be involved in government again,' she said in an interview with Extra released Monday. 
'I think she wants to take a break from it, but if she ever wants to do anything like that, I would be the number-one person.' 
Clinton, the Democratic presidential nominee, added that she admires Obama's work both in the White House and on the campaign trail. 
'Well, I don't know how anybody could have done what she's done for the last eight years with more grace and more of a sense of purpose but inclusivity,' she said. 
'She's been an exemplary first lady, and I know how hard that job is,' added Clinton, who is herself a former first lady. 'So I feel so close to her and I'm so appreciative of all the help she's giving me, all the confidence and courage, because it's hard.' 
President Obama said last Friday his wife would 'never run for office,' despite her high-profile role in the 2016 race. Post navigation

ARTICLE

Home '∫ POLITICS '∫ DOJ SAYS IT IS WORKING WITH FBI TO EXAMINE NEW CLINTON-RELATED EMAILS DOJ SAYS IT IS WORKING WITH FBI TO EXAMINE NEW CLINTON-RELATED EMAILS 0 SHARES 
[10/31/16] The Justice Department said in a letter to Congress that it is working with the FBI to examine the newly revealed emails related to Hillary Clinton . 
'The Department of Justice (the Department) appreciates the concerns raised in your letter,' Assistant Attorney General said in the Monday letter sent to lawmakers who had reached out to the DOJ. 'We assure you that the Department will continue to work closely with the FBI and together, dedicate all necessary resources and take appropriate steps as expeditiously as possible.' 
'We hope this information is helpful,' he added. 
FBI Director James Comey said in a Friday letter to lawmakers that the bureau is probing new emails related to Hillary Clinton. Those new emails were reportedly discovered during an FBI investigation in which the devices of former Congressman Anthony Weiner and Clinton aide Huma Abedin were seized. 
While examining Weiner's laptop, investigators discovered Abedin also used the laptop, which contained some emails between Abedin and Clinton, NBC News reported. 
'In previous congressional testimony, I referred to the fact that the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) had completed its investigation of former Secretary Clinton's personal email server. Due to recent developments, I am writing to supplement my previous testimony,' Comey wrote in his Friday letter. Post navigation

ARTICLE

Home '∫ POLITICS '∫ HUMA IS JUST 'ONE OF MY STAFFERS' AFTER CLOSE AIDE GETS LEFT BEHIND ON OHIO CAMPAIGN TRIP HUMA IS JUST 'ONE OF MY STAFFERS' AFTER CLOSE AIDE GETS LEFT BEHIND ON OHIO CAMPAIGN TRIP 1 SHARES 
[10/31/16] Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton blasted the FBI again Monday 'ì and this time brought up the bureau's probe into emails maintained by longtime aide Huma Abedin 'ì dismissing the idea she did anything wrong while minimizing the close role of her staffer. 'Now they apparently want to look at emails of one of my staffers 'ì and by all means they should look at them,' Clinton said, bring up the FBI attack at the start of a rally before a room packed with students at Kent State University. 'And I am sure they will reach the same conclusion they did when they looked at my emails for the last year. There is no case here. And they said it wasn't even a close call,' Clinton said. The staffer Clinton failed to name was Abedin, who has been at her side since Clinton was first lady. Clinton considers her like a surrogate daughter as well as longtime confidant. Abedin has been known for years to be Clinton's gatekeeper, and has been revealed in State Department emails as someone constantly consulted on matters relating to Bill Clinton, top donors, close friends, celebrities, who gets face time with the first lady, and paid speeches that pose potential conflicts. 'I'm sure a lot of you may be asking what this new email story is about and why it he world the FBI would decide to jump into an election with no evidence of any wrongdoing with just days to go,' Clinton asked early in her remarks, before adding, 'That's a good question.' Clinton hammered the FBI over the weekend, after news broke Friday about the investigation. Since then, senior Democrats have taken up the cause. Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid released a blistering letter where he wrote that FBI Director James Comey violating Hatch Act provisions on government employees interfering in an election. As she unloaded on the agency this time, Clinton also offered up words of contrition. 'For those of you who are concerned about using personal email, I understand,' she said. 'And as I've said, I'm not making excuses. And I've said it was a mistake and I regret' it, Clinton said. Then she turned to attack Donald Trump for having a 'hair-trigger temper' that could imperil the entire world. Post navigation

ARTICLE

Home '∫ POLITICS '∫ NOW FIVE FBI FIELD OFFICES ARE PROBING CLINTON CHARITY, ADDING FUEL TO THE FIRE NOW FIVE FBI FIELD OFFICES ARE PROBING CLINTON CHARITY, ADDING FUEL TO THE FIRE 4 SHARES 
[10/31/16] FBI field offices in New York, Los Angeles, Washington, D.C. and Little Rock, Ark., are investigating the Clinton Foundation concerning allegations of pay-to-play financial and political corruption, according to a Wall Street Journal report Sunday. 
Mirroring information provided by a former senior law enforcement official that 'multiple FBI investigations are underway involving potential corruption charges against the Clinton Foundation,' the Journal confirms what The Daily Caller News Foundation Investigative Group reported in August . 
FBI field offices in three cities, specifically, New York, Little Rock and Washington, D.C., were coordinating with the U.S. Attorneys working in those cities. FBI agents in Miami are also joining the probe, TheDCNF has since learned. 
The Clinton Foundation has numerous programs operating in Haiti, the Caribbean, Latin America and South America. 
'Los Angeles agents had picked up information about the Clinton Foundation from an unrelated public corruption case and had issued some subpoenas for bank records related to the foundation' and described the unusual field office initiative as 'at times a sprawling cross-country effort,' the Wall Street Journal reports. 
Several polls released Saturday and Sunday show a rapid deterioration of presidential nominee Hillary Clinton's lead in the wake of Friday's disclosure by FBI Director James Comey that he is reopening the email server investigation. Comey said in August that he did not believe the FBI's investigation of Clinton and her use of private servers and private email addresses to conduct official diplomatic business would be productive. 
Comey's announcement Friday was related to a separate investigation of child pornography allegations against former Rep. Anthony Weiner, a New York Democrat who is married to Clinton's closest confidant, Huma Abedin. Weiner and Abedin separated earlier this year following a third disclosure of his sexting with an underage girl. Post navigation

ARTICLE

Home '∫ GUNS '∫ HILLARY PROMISES END TO VIOLENCE THROUGH CIVILIAN DISARMAMENT HILLARY PROMISES END TO VIOLENCE THROUGH CIVILIAN DISARMAMENT 3 SHARES 
[10/31/16] With just days left before Americans will go to the polls to elect a new president, voters committed to continuing to live under the protections of personal liberty in the Constitution must examine positions taken by the candidates on key issues. 
In this article, we'll look at Hillary Clinton's call for civilian disarmament and what Americans could do to prevent this policy from coming to pass, even if Clinton is sworn in as the 45th president of the United States. 
On her campaign website, Clinton makes several unconstitutional promises that would have the effect of disarming millions of Americans and threatening the enjoyment of the right to keep and bear arms of millions more. Here's a sample from her list of presidential promises: 
As president, Hillary will: 
Expand background checks to more gun sales 'î including by closing the gun show and internet sales loopholes 'î and strengthen the background check system by getting rid of the so-called 'Charleston Loophole.' 
Take on the gun lobby by removing the industry's sweeping legal protection for illegal and irresponsible actions (which makes it almost impossible for people to hold them accountable), and revoking licenses from dealers who break the law. 
Keep guns out of the hands of domestic abusers, other violent criminals, and the severely mentally ill by supporting laws that stop domestic abusers from buying and owning guns, making it a federal crime for someone to intentionally buy a gun for a person prohibited from owning one, and closing the loopholes that allow people suffering from severe mental illness to purchase and own guns. She will also support work to keep military-style weapons off our streets. 
There are so many constitutionally repugnant statements in these three paragraphs. 
First, there is no such thing as a gun show loophole. Here's the truth as explained by the libertarian-leaning Cato Institute: 
If the voters learn the facts about gun shows, they will discover that there is no gun show loophole, no gun show crime problem and no reason to adopt federal legislation whose main effect would be to infringe on First and Second Amendment rights. 
Despite what some media commentators have claimed, existing gun laws apply just as much to gun shows as they do to any other place where guns are sold. Since 1938, persons selling firearms have been required to obtain a federal firearms license. If a dealer sells a gun from a storefront, from a room in his home or from a table at a gun show, the rules are exactly the same: he can get authorization from the FBI for the sale only after the FBI runs its 'instant' background check (which often takes days to complete). As a result, firearms are the most severely regulated consumer product in the United States 'î the only product for which FBI permission is required for every single sale. 
Surely Clinton and her advisors are aware of this fact and that they are misrepresenting the situation to uninformed voters, thus their insistence on 'closing the gun show loophole' becomes nothing less than another attempt to demand the surrender of natural rights in exchange for a 'safer world.' 
Next, with regard to the creation of 'universal background checks,' here's more from Cato: 
Gun-control advocates often claim that 40 percent of annual firearms sales take place today without background checks. The Washington Post 'fact-checker' has debunked that claim, giving it 'Three Pinocchios.' The Post noted that the survey data used for the study on which the 40 percent claim is based are more than two decades old, which means they were collected prior to the National Instant Criminal Background Check System becoming operational in 1998. The survey only polled 251 people, and, upon asking whether their gun transfer involved a federally licensed dealer 'î that is, a federal firearms licensee (FFL) 'î gave respondents the choice of saying 'probably' or 'probably not' in addition to 'yes' and 'no.' Post navigation

ARTICLE

Home '∫ POLITICS '∫ HUGE PILE OF MANURE DUMPED IN FRONT OF DEM HQ HUGE PILE OF MANURE DUMPED IN FRONT OF DEM HQ 0 SHARES 
[10/31/16] While Hillary Clinton's team is working to dig the Democratic presidential candidate out from under a barrage of leaked emails exposing corruption and collusion, staffers at the Democratic headquarters in Warren, County Ohio were stuck in a similar situation over the weekend. 
The Warren County Democratic Party headquarters on Route 42 was the target of an unexpected dump of its own late Friday night, but instead of embarrassing emails the office received several tons of manure, dumped at the front door, WCPO reports. 
A volunteer found the pile of poo the next morning. 
Bethe Goldenfield, county party chairman, downplayed the dump as a 'minor blip on the radar,' and contends it's only inspired local volunteers to get people to the polls. 
'People are very motivated,' she said. 
Ohio Democratic Party Chairman David Pepper sent out a picture of the pile to his Twitter followers around 9 a.m. Saturday. 
'When they dump manure, we go high! One of our best performing offices, generating strong D early vote,' he wrote. 'Lesson: keep organizing while they bs.' 
WPCO reports the incident was a repeat from the 2012 election, when the local campaign office received the exact same donation. The party has since installed video cameras, however, and are hoping the investment pays off. 
'We have cameras, so the perps will hopefully be responsible for their actions,' the party posted to its Facebook page, WHIO reports. Post navigation

ARTICLE

Home '∫ POLITICS '∫ BECK: COMEY LETTER 'ONE OF THE MOST IRRESPONSIBLE THINGS TO EVER HAPPEN' BECK: COMEY LETTER 'ONE OF THE MOST IRRESPONSIBLE THINGS TO EVER HAPPEN' 0 SHARES 
[10/31/16] Monday on his radio show, while discussing the FBI reopening the investigation into Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton, conservative host Glenn Beck said FBI director James Comey contacting Congress is 'one of the most irresponsible things to ever happen.' 
Beck said, 'For him to go for the subpoena and announce it and open this thing up when he says he doesn't know if there's even anything in those emails, that's not too big of a risk for him, that is too big of a risk of anyone's career, and not his, hers.' Post navigation

ARTICLE

Home '∫ US NEWS '∫ JOHNSON & JOHNSON ORDERED TO PAY $70 MILLION TO CALIFORNIA WOMAN FOR CANCER-LINKED BABY POWDER JOHNSON & JOHNSON ORDERED TO PAY $70 MILLION TO CALIFORNIA WOMAN FOR CANCER-LINKED BABY POWDER 0 SHARES 
[10/31/16] The company plans to appeal the decision. 
Johnson & Johnson has lost its third lawsuit alleging that the pharmaceutical company's baby powder causes ovarian cancer. 
Jurors in St. Louis awarded Deborah Giannecchini $70 million late Thursday, according to Bloomberg . For 40 years, Giannecchini, 62, had used the talcum powder for feminine hygiene, but stopped when she was diagnosed with ovarian cancer three years ago. Now her lawyers say Giannecchini has an 80% chance of dying in the next two years, despite having undergone extensive treatment. 
Carol Goodrich, a spokesperson for Johnson & Johnson, says the company will appeal to the decision . 
'We deeply sympathize with the women and families impacted by ovarian cancer,' she said. 'We will appeal today's verdict because we are guided by the science, which supports the safety of Johnson's Baby Powder.' 
Additionally, research into the link between talc and cancer have been been mixed or inconclusive, according to the American Cancer Society . 
That likely factored into a New Jersey judge's decision to throw out two lawsuits against Johnson in Johnson in September, which alleged that the company's talcum powder had caused their ovarian cancer. Post navigation

ARTICLE

Home '∫ WORLD NEWS '∫ CHRISTIANS IN SYRIA LESS THAN 500,000 CHRISTIANS IN SYRIA LESS THAN 500,000 0 SHARES 
[10/31/16] As the Islamic State, insurgents, and government forces battle in Syria, the population of Christians there continues to decline, from 1,250,000 in 2011 to less than 500,000 this year, according to ADF International , which advocates for religious freedom worldwide. 
In a sub-report submitted with the report Genocide Against Christians in the Middle East to Secretary of State John Kerry in March, the ADF International details the ongoing genocide of Christians and other religious minorities in the Middle East. 
It notes that 'Christians are the most persecuted religious group in the world' and that in at least 104 countries Christians are harassed and persecuted by governments and organizations. 
The harassment includes 'physical assaults, arrests and detentions, the desecration of holy sites and discrimination against religious groups in employment, education or housing,' reads the report. 
Harassment of Christians 'was the highest in the Middle East and North Africa (90% of countries),' reported ADF International. In Syria and Iraq, the persecution of Christians is carried out largely by radical Muslims, such as the Islamic State and Jabhat al-Nusra, said the ADF. Post navigation

ARTICLE

Home '∫ POLITICS '∫ PODESTA'S BFF AT DOJ WILL BE IN CHARGE OF NEW PROBE'¶ PODESTA'S BFF AT DOJ WILL BE IN CHARGE OF NEW PROBE'¶ 0 SHARES 
[10/31/16] Now that the FBI has obtained the needed warrant to start poring over the 650,000 or so emails uncovered in Anthony Weiner's notebook, among which thousands of emails sent from Huma Abedin using Hillary Clinton's personal server, moments ago the US Justice Department announced it is also joining the probe, and as AP reported moments ago, vowed to dedicate all needed resources to quickly review the over half a million emails in the Clinton case. 
In the letter to Congress, the DOJ writes that it 'will continue to work closely with the FBI and together, dedicate all necessary resources and take appropriate steps as expeditiously as possible,' assistant attorney General Peter J. Kadzik writes in letters to House and Senate lawmakers. 
So far so good, even if one wonders just how active the DOJ will be in a case that has shown an unprecedented schism between the politically influenced Department of Justice and the FBI. 
And yet, something felt odd about this. Kadzik'¶ Kadzik'¶ where have we heard that name? 
Oh yes. Recall our post from last week, ' Clinton Campaign Chair Had Dinner With Top DOJ Official One Day After Hillary's Benghazi Hearing ' in which we reported that John Podesta had dinner with one of the highest ranked DOJ officials the very day after Hillary Clinton's Benghazi testimony? 
It was Peter Kadzik. Post navigation

ARTICLE

Home '∫ VIDEO '∫ THE MOMENT BIDEN FINDS OUT THE EMAILS CAME FROM WEINER'¶ THE MOMENT BIDEN FINDS OUT THE EMAILS CAME FROM WEINER'¶ 0 SHARES Post navigation

ARTICLE

Home '∫ VIDEO '∫ PETER THIEL'S NATIONAL PRESS CLUB SPEECH'¶ PETER THIEL'S NATIONAL PRESS CLUB SPEECH'¶ 0 SHARES Post navigation

ARTICLE

Home '∫ GUNS '∫ OCTOBER GUN SALES SEE MASSIVE SPIKE, SET YET ANOTHER RECORD OCTOBER GUN SALES SEE MASSIVE SPIKE, SET YET ANOTHER RECORD 0 SHARES 
[11/1/16] The FBI's background check system for gun sales processed more than 2.3 million checks in October, setting an all-time record for the month. 
There were 2,333,539 gun-related checks processed through the National Instant Criminal Background Check System, known as NICS, last month, according to FBI documents posted on Monday. That represents an increase of more than 350,000 checks over the previous October, itself a record. It's also the 18th month in a row to set a record. 
With two months to go, 2016 has already seen 22,206,233 NICS checks, making it the second highest year for checks in the history of NICS with only 2015 seeing more . 
NICS checks are considered to be one of the most accurate indicators for gun sales because nearly all sales made through federally licensed firearm dealers require a check by law. The number of NICS checks in a month do not represent an exact count of gun sales for a number of reasons. For instance, many states require a NICS checks for those applying for gun carry permits, and many states do not require NICS checks for sales between private parties. 
'These statistics represent the number of firearm background checks initiated through the NICS,' the FBI said. 'They do not represent the number of firearms sold. Based on varying state laws and purchase scenarios, a one-to-one correlation cannot be made between a firearm background check and a firearm sale.' Post navigation

ARTICLE

Home '∫ POLITICS '∫ CLINTON CAMPAIGN WAS WARNED THAT TURKEY'S ERDOGAN WAS ATTEMPTING TO BUY FAVOR CLINTON CAMPAIGN WAS WARNED THAT TURKEY'S ERDOGAN WAS ATTEMPTING TO BUY FAVOR 4 SHARES 
[11/1/16] Top Hillary Clinton campaign officials were warned last summer that Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan would make contributions to the campaign through American proxies to gain favor, but chose to take money from one of the people they were warned about nonetheless. 
The warning came last August in an email to Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta. Michael Werz, an expert on Turkey who used to work for Podesta's Center for American Progress, told Podesta that the 'Erdogan faction' was making investments in Democratic candidates such as Clinton. 
'Am told that the Erdogan crew also tries to make inroads via donations to Democratic candidates, including yours,' Werz told Podesta. 'Two names that you should be aware of are Mehmet Celebi and Ali Cinar.' 
Werz, who did not respond to a request for comment, wrote that the 'Erdogan faction is making substantial investments in U.S. to counter opposition (CHP, Kurds, G√ºlenists etc.) outreach to policymakers and USG.' 
Podesta forwarded the email to Dennis Cheng , who runs the campaign's fundraising operation. 
The email was posted online by Wikileaks. The U.S. director of national intelligence and the secretary of the Department of Homeland Security have accused 'Russia's senior-most officials' of hacking and leaking the emails to influence the 2016 election. 
Ali Cinar, one of the men Werz warned about, had already given Clinton $2,700 three months earlier in May. This year, Cinar gave an additional $2,000 to Clinton this August and $500 more in September. 
Cinar has also given $1,080 to the Democratic National Committee this cycle. 
The Clinton campaign would not answer questions on the donations from Cinar. 
Cinar is currently president of the Turkish Heritage Organization, a recognized non-profit based in the United States that was recently probed by the FBI after hacked emails from the Erdogan administration revealed that the group was lobbying on behalf of the Turkish presidency in the United States. Post navigation

ARTICLE

Home '∫ POLITICS | US NEWS '∫ BLOOMBERG-BACKED PENNSYLVANIA ATTORNEY GENERAL SENTENCED TO 10-23 MONTHS IN PRISON BLOOMBERG-BACKED PENNSYLVANIA ATTORNEY GENERAL SENTENCED TO 10-23 MONTHS IN PRISON 0 SHARES 
[11/1/16] NRAILA 'ì Back in August , we reported that Michael Bloomberg-backed then-sitting Pennsylvania Attorney General Kathleen G. Kane had been found guilty of criminal conspiracy and perjury in a case stemming from the abuse of her office. Kane's sentencing hearing was held Monday, where Judge Wendy Demchick-Alloy sentenced the former attorney general to 10 to 23 months in prison. In 2012, Kane was elected Attorney General of Pennsylvania with the help of a $250,000 Bloomberg-funded ad campaign against her opponent. Even before assuming office, Attorney General-elect Kane attacked the Right-to-Carry by signing a letter opposing federal reciprocity legislation. Kane would go on to attack Right-to-Carry reciprocity again, unilaterally and illegitimately eliminating Pennsylvania's recognition of non-resident Florida Concealed Weapon Licenses. According to the Philadelphia Inquirer , at the sentencing hearing, Demchick-Alloy admonished Kane for her conduct in leaking confidential grand jury materials as part of an attack on a political rival. Demchick-Alloy stated, 'The case is about ego, ego of a politician consumed by her image from Day One'¶ And instead of focusing solely on the business of fighting crime, the focus was battling these perceived enemies '¶ and utilizing and exploiting her position to do it.' A colleague that testified at the hearing described Kane's office by stating, 'through a pattern of systematic firings and Nixonian espionage, she created a terror zone in this office.' In seeking a lenient sentence for his client, Kane's attorney cited the consequences the convicted criminal had already suffered, telling the court, 'She stands a convicted felon subject to public shame and public humiliation.' Further, the attorney argued that prison was a risk to Kane's safety. According to the Inquirer, Demchick-Alloy appeared unimpressed, noting, 'When you unfortunately dirty yourself with criminal behavior, you assume that risk.' Kane had faced a potential 12 to 24 years in prison for her crimes. Though Demchick-Alloy imposed only a fraction of the maximum sentence, Kane's punishment should be enough to prevent her from obtaining a position where she could torment her political adversaries, or Keystone State gun owners. Post navigation

ARTICLE

Home '∫ SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY '∫ MOBILE PASSES DESKTOP FOR THE FIRST TIME'¶ MOBILE PASSES DESKTOP FOR THE FIRST TIME'¶ 0 SHARES 
[11/1/16] More users around the world are accessing the internet from mobile devices than from desktop computers for the first time, according to internet monitoring firm StatCounter . The combined traffic from mobile and tablet devices tipped the balance at 51.2 percent, vs. 48.7 percent for desktop access, marking the first time this has happened since StatCounter began tracking stats for internet usage. 
It's a huge moment for the web overall: this means going forward, companies that haven't yet decided to focus on a mobile-first approach to their internet services and web properties really should, as the trend line is unlikely to reverse. 
StatCounter also found that the maturity of the market impacts which is the dominant means of access, and as you might have guessed, mobile platforms are far and away the method of choice for internet access when it comes to emerging markets like India, where they account for 75 percent of use. More mature markets including the UK, the US and Ireland still see use swinging in favor of desktop, but the trend is still showing a narrowing gap. Post navigation

ARTICLE

Home '∫ VIDEO '∫ TREY GOWDY: 'WHAT IN THE WORD IS LORETTA LYNCH DOING TALKING TO COMEY' TREY GOWDY: 'WHAT IN THE WORD IS LORETTA LYNCH DOING TALKING TO COMEY' 4 SHARES Post navigation

ARTICLE

Home '∫ POLITICS | WORLD NEWS '∫ REASONS TO BELIEVE JULIAN ASSANGE IS IN CIA CUSTODY'¶. REASONS TO BELIEVE JULIAN ASSANGE IS IN CIA CUSTODY'¶. 0 SHARES 
[11/1/16] NEONNEXUS 'ì On the 26th of September 2016 Secretary of State John Kerry (self admitted Skull and Bones member) visited Colombia. WikiLeaks reported that inside sources had confirmed that John Kerry also met with Ecuadorean President Rafael Correa in Ecuador to personally ask Ecuador to stop Assange from publishing documents about Clinton. This was initially fervently denied in the press only later to be confirmed by the Ecuadorian embassy who admitted cutting off Julian's internet due to pressure from the US. Ecuador wanted to appear impartial. 
For over four years, the Ecuadorian embassy has been under surveillance and Julian's human rights violated as he has been unlawfully detained termed 'illegal arbitrary detention' by a recent UN ruling. During that time, it has been possible for intelligence agencies to gather critical information and build a detailed profile and plan to circumvent Julian's dead man's switch. 
Both John Kerry and US intelligence agencies know perfectly well that cutting off Julian's internet would have no impact on the release of the leaked emails that are damaging to Hillary's campaign. It has been very clear for a long time that many US officials wanted Julian Assange dead, Hillary Clinton even has remarked, 'can't we just drone the guy'. 
The cutting off of Julian's internet access was not for the purpose of preventing the leaks of the Podesta and Hillary emails. Unless intelligence agencies are truly inept, they know that media organisations already have the entire leaked email database and a schedule for release, they also know WikiLeaks staff would continue to leak regardless of Julian's ability to communicate. 
Removing Assange would not be enough, they would need to circumvent his dead man's switch and then tarnish WikiLeaks reputation. Removing Assange's internet could have the effect of causing Assange to take steps that can be followed to prevent the automatic triggering of his DMS. 
From the day Julian's internet was cut off, a series of peculiar and uncharacteristic events started to take place. The same day that Julian's internet was cut off, CBS reported that Pamela Anderson visited Assange and had 'Tortured' him with a vegan sandwich. A few days before on the 14th, John Podesta tweeted 'I bet the lobster risotto is better than the food at the Ecuadorian Embassy'. Then on October the 16th the SHA-256 prerelease keys were issued on WikiLeaks twitter feed, although these events are odd and seemingly inconsequential, combined with John Kerry being in the UK from the 16th to the 17th sparked concern among the community for Julian's safety. 
Assange supporters started to gather at the embassy to keep Assange safe and witness any foul play, some of these witnesses have claimed that a very swift police armed raid took place that lasted only 5 minutes while the crowd was kept under control and prevented from approaching, there have also been reports that they were prevented from taking photographs and that their phones were confiscated. A live periscope feed was also cut off. There have also been some reports of the presence of a mobile jamming van. 
If Assange has been seized, any recognition by mainstream media would be detrimental to Hillary's campaign. A covert operation with media blackout would be the only effective way of seizing him at this time. On October the 18th Fox News said that Julian Assange would be 'arrested soon, maybe in a matter of hours.'. The was video was then promptly removed and articles relating to it have disappeared. However, one reddit user was able to find an alternative source and now the video can be found again on YouTube. 
Although Julian's primary DMS (the release of insurance file encryption keys) did not activate, on October the 18th one of Julian's contingencies did activate, a script was activated that made https://file.wikileaks.org/file publicly visible and set all the file date and time stamps to 01/01/1984 (Orwell reference). This file repository contains many documents that had not been released prior. 
Staffers Kristinn Hrafnsson and Sarah Harrison, have gone silent while the Ecuadorian embassy is refusing to provide any updates on Assange's fate. There is a recorded call made to the embassy by a journalist where the receptionist refused to confirm that Julian was at the embassy, she also refused to confirm that Julian was even alive. Julian has not made an appearance at the window of the embassy since being cut off. 
WikiLeaks suggested in a tweet that its supporters were responsible for the DDOS attacks on the 21st. Neither Assange or WikiLeaks would ever insinuate such a thing. WikiLeaks deceptively tweeted a video of Michael Moore that was actually recorded in June. The video was posted on the 24th of October giving the impression that Michael Moore had been speaking with Assange in the embassy. Why would WikiLeaks do this when they know they are already under suspicion? 
WikiLeaks have been using their Twitter account to give the appearance of his safety while providing no concrete evidence of his safety. They issued a poll asking what proof would satisfy the public that Julian was safe. WikiLeaks have yet to follow-up on the conclusive result of a video or window appearance. 
Julian Assange is known for his attention to detail and his consistently good spelling and grammar. Currently the twitter feed has very poor spelling, there are numerous uncharacteristic spelling errors, for example, an accomplished cryptographer knows how to correctly spell algorithm and so do WikiLeaks staff. 
On the 21st of October, there was a massive widespread DDOS attack that disrupted US and EU internet. Also on the 21st of October London City Airport was evacuated. The next day (the 22nd), Gavin MacFayden is reported dead. WikiLeaks made a further blunder by stating his death as the 23rd. 
There has been a number of high level WikiLeaks deaths recently too. John Jones QC 'ì WikiLeaks U.N. lawyer died on April 16th 2016. Michael Ratner 'ì WikiLeaks chief counsel died on May 11th 2016. Seth Rich 'ì Employee of the Democratic National Committee (DNC) was fatally shot on July 10th 2016 and Gavin MacFadyen 'ì WikiLeaks director died October 22nd 2016. 
If WikiLeaks has been compromised, it is already preparing the scene for future discrepancy to seriously tarnish WikiLeaks reputation. Nothing WikiLeaks has shared since the 15th of October 2016 should be trusted until Julian has been fully verified as alive. 
My speculative fears are that Julian has been seized and removed from the Embassy. His internet being cut not being related to the release of the emails, but rather as a component of a plan of 4 years in the making to as secretly as possible remove Assange from the embassy, circumvent his DMS and hijack WikiLeaks with the key team members silenced or under duress. 
My fears would be confirmed by no future public (mass witnessing and recorded/televised) appearance of Julian Assange discussing recent topics. His death by whatever means after the US presidential election would be extremely suspect. Until proof of life, assume the following compromised: 
SHA-256 verification Keys posted after the 15th. WikiLeaks submission process and/or platform. WikiLeaks twitter feed. Any WikiLeaks leaks after the 15th October 2016. Post navigation

ARTICLE

Home '∫ POLITICS '∫ DON'T LET DEBBIE WASSERMAN SCHULTZ GET AWAY WITH HER ASSAULT ON AMERICAN DEMOCRACY'¶ DON'T LET DEBBIE WASSERMAN SCHULTZ GET AWAY WITH HER ASSAULT ON AMERICAN DEMOCRACY'¶ 0 SHARES 
[11/1/16] While everyone's talking about acting DNC chairwoman Donna Brazile's current scandals, let's not lose sight of the fact that her predecessor, Debbie Wasserman Schultz, has seemingly gotten away with spearheading and successfully executing a years-long plot to rig the Democratic primaries for her friend, ally, and former employer Hillary Rodham Clinton. 
As we've discussed before , we know for a fact thanks to a leaked email that Tim Kaine had been promised the vice presidential slot long before it was anywhere close to necessary for Clinton to select a running mate. If you know anything at all about politics, you know people don't get promised a favor that big unless they've given something equally massive in return. It would be hard to think of a political favor greater than being installed into one of the most esteemed positions in American government; it is the most significant thing that a presidential candidate can bestow upon someone from that position. 
We also know for a fact that Obama was already a 'friend and political ally' of Kaine back in 2011 according to this Washington Post article from that year, which was the year President Barack encouraged his friend Tim to step down from his position as DNC chair and make a run for retiring Democratic muppet Jim Webb's Senate seat. And according to this Politico article from the very same day, Obama then immediately installed former Clinton campaign co-chair and Hillary attack poodle Debbie Wasserman Schultz to the conveniently-vacated DNC chair, who then went on to orchestrate the rigging of the Democratic primaries for her girlfriend in violation of the Impartiality Clause of the DNC charter. 
In doing this, Obama was able to effectively hand-pick a successor to his throne who happens to be married to his Democratic presidential predecessor Bill Clinton. You're not supposed to be able to do that in a democracy. 
We've talked about all that before. What I have personally failed to address adequately is the fact that Wasserman Schultz got away with it. She did every single thing she was placed in the DNC chair to do, she got caught, and then all she had to do was say 'Oopsie! Looks like I'll have to resign now!' and just stroll away, grinning like the cat that already ate the canary. Post navigation

ARTICLE

Home '∫ MEDIA | POLITICS '∫ CLINTON CAMPAIGN COOPERATED WITH POLITICO ON 'DEMYSTIFYING' HUMA ABEDIN CLINTON CAMPAIGN COOPERATED WITH POLITICO ON 'DEMYSTIFYING' HUMA ABEDIN 0 SHARES 
[11/1/16] Asked to provide a quotation for a Politico profile of Huma Abedin in July 2015, Clinton Campaign manager John Podesta wanted to use the phrase 'wicked smart' instead of 'bright,' and he emphasized Abedin's 'strategic sense.' 
Podesta also agreed with a campaign staffer's suggestion to describe Abedin as 'an integral part of the team.' 
The Wikileaks email exchange , dated July 2, 2015 and released on Tuesday, begins with Clinton's press secretary Nicholas Merrill telling Milia Fisher, Podesta's aide, that 'Politico has been working on a profile on Huma that we are being what I'd call partially cooperative with.' 
Merrill said after consulting with Communications Director Jennifer Palmieri and Huma herself, the campaign decided to have the reporter sit down with Huma 'off the record.' 
'We think there is some value in demystifying her a bit in general, and Politico isn't a bad place to do it,' Merrill wrote to Fisher. 
Merrill asked Fisher to see if Podesta 'would be willing to weigh in, which I think would be good in the spirit of showing team unity.' 
'The piece will be about Huma's evolution from body person to senior staffer, so if he's up for it, maybe John could say something about her being a multi-faceted team player,' Merrill wrote. Then he offered a suggested quotation: 
'Like: I was there at the White House when Huma was a young intern, and now she's an integral part of the team. She's as multi-faceted as she is bright, and when you combine that with her humility, you couldn't ask for a better colleague.' 
Merrill tells Fisher, 'Feel free to tweak that, put it in John's voice, or blow it up.' 
Fisher forwarded Merrill's email to Podesta, asking him if he'd be willing to provide a quote. 'Comms (communications) thinks it might lend an air of community to the piece,' she wrote to Podesta. 
Podesta's reply: 'Change bright to 'wicked smart' and after humilty add 'and strategic sense.'' 
The complete email exchange, as provided by WikiLeaks, can be seen here : 
The July 2, 2015 Politico profile of Abedin described her as 'Clinton's longest-serving aide.' It said that 'like a mother monitoring her child on the playground, she never let Clinton drift out of her line of sight, ever vigilant and poised to act.' Post navigation

ARTICLE

Home '∫ POLITICS '∫ CLINTON EMAIL INVESTIGATION HAS SHIFTED THE POLLS SIGNIFICANTLY IN TRUMP'S FAVOR CLINTON EMAIL INVESTIGATION HAS SHIFTED THE POLLS SIGNIFICANTLY IN TRUMP'S FAVOR 4 SHARES 
[11/1/16] MICHAEL SNYDER -Donald Trump has all the momentum now. Will it be enough to propel him to victory on election day? Trump's poll numbers were improving even before we learned that the FBI had renewed its investigation into Hillary Clinton's emails, and the new survey results that came out over the weekend and on Monday make it clear that Clinton's 'certain victory' is not so certain after all. Unless something changes, Americans are going to go to the polls on November 8th with an FBI criminal investigation hanging over the Clinton campaign like an ominous cloud, and that is very good news for Trump. 
The Clinton campaign was hoping that this renewed investigation would not 'move the needle', but unfortunately for them that appears not to be the case. Hillary's unfavorable rating just hit an all-time high , a whopping 45 percent of all Americans believe that this scandal is 'worse than Watergate', and a Rasmussen survey has found that 40 percent of all undecided voters that are leaning toward voting for Hillary Clinton are still open to changing their minds before election day. 
And even before this story broke on Friday, Clinton was having a difficult time getting her voters to the polls. According to the New York Times , early voting among young adults and African-American voters is significantly down compared to 2012, and those are demographic groups that Clinton desperately needs to turn out in large numbers. 
But of course the key to winning the election is getting to 270 electoral votes, and poll numbers appear to be shifting in the key swing states that Trump and Clinton both desperately need. For a moment, I would like to examine what the numbers currently look like in some of the most important states'¶ 
Florida 
Without Florida, Donald Trump has absolutely no chance of winning. This is something that even the Trump campaign has admitted. That is why it was so alarming that most of the polls in October had Hillary Clinton leading in the state. 
Fortunately for Trump, a new survey that was conducted on Sunday shows him leading in Florida by four points . 
Georgia 
Georgia wasn't supposed to be a problem. Georgia has traditionally been a deep red state, but polling throughout this election season had shown a very tight race. This had Republicans deeply concerned and the Clinton camp very happy. 
But now the momentum has seemingly shifted and the latest poll has Trump up by seven points . 
North Carolina 
Mitt Romney won North Carolina in 2012, and Donald Trump very much needs to win it if he hopes to be triumphant on November 8th. Hillary Clinton was shown to be leading in the eight most recent polls before the email story broke, but in the first major survey conducted afterwards she is now down by two points . 
Ohio 
No Republican has ever won the presidency without Ohio, and Trump knows how important it is to his chances. The three most recent polls conducted before the FBI renewed the investigation into Hillary Clinton's emails all showed a tie, but now the very first survey conducted afterwards shows Trump up by five points . 
Colorado 
Hillary Clinton has consistently been in the lead in Colorado throughout this campaign, and most experts didn't give Trump much of a chance in the state, but the latest survey shows that Clinton's lead has been whittled down to just one point . 
Arizona 
A survey that was conducted in mid-October showed Clinton having a five point lead in John McCain's home state, but now the latest major poll has Trump up by two points . 
Nevada 
One of the most important swing states out west is Nevada, and most surveys showed Hillary Clinton with a strong lead throughout the month of October. Unfortunately for her, a poll that was conducted on Sunday shows Donald Trump with a four point lead . 
Clearly Trump has the momentum at this point, and it will be very interesting to see how the numbers change over the next few days. 
And as we learn more about what is in these newly discovered emails, will her fellow Democrats stick with her? Already, some are publicly wavering. The following example comes from WND '¶ 
Longtime Clinton confidante and former Democratic pollster Doug Schoen told Fox News the newly renewed FBI investigation into Hillary Clinton's private email server is forcing him to 'reassess' his support for the Democratic nominee for president. 
Schoen, a Fox News contributor, made the comments to host Harris Faulkner during a live television appearance Sunday night on 'Fox Report Weekend.' 
Public opinion is shifting quickly, but the bad news for Trump is that more than 23 million Americans have already voted. So millions upon millions of Americans cast their votes before they even learned of this new FBI investigation. If the race is very close, that could end up making the difference. 
And of course the race could dramatically change once again if the FBI comes to some sort of resolution about these new emails prior to November 8th. On Monday, CNN reported that a resolution before election day did not appear to be likely'¶ 
FBI officials are unlikely to finish their review of new emails potentially related to its investigation into Hillary Clinton's private server before the November 8 election. 
The initial work of cataloging top Clinton aide Huma Abedin's emails found on her estranged husband Anthony Weiner's laptop could be done in the next few days, US law enforcement officials told CNN. 
But the investigators are expected to spend more time doing other work, including likely working with other federal agencies to determine what 'î if any 'î classified materials are in the emails. This makes it unlikely there will be a resolution prior to the election. 
However, late on Monday evening the Drudge Report reported that the L.A. Times has learned that investigators may have a 'preliminary assessment' completed 'in coming days''¶ 
LA TIMES TUESDAY: FBI Investigators had planned to conduct new email review over several weeks. It now hopes to complete 'preliminary assessment' in coming days, but agency officials have not decided how, or whether, they will disclose results publicly'¶ Developing'¶ 
Whether good or bad, I do believe that the American people deserve to hear something conclusive about these emails before November 8th. 
If nothing is found to implicate Clinton, the American people should be told that. 
And if evidence of very serious crimes is discovered, there is no way in the world that should be held back until after the election. 
Even if it throws the election into complete and utter chaos , the American people deserve to know the truth. 
But will we get it? 
Stay tuned, because I think that this is going to be a crazy week. Post navigation

ARTICLE

Home '∫ SOCIETY '∫ CLOWN PORN SEARCHES UP 213% CLOWN PORN SEARCHES UP 213% 0 SHARES 
[11/1/16] As the clown sighting epidemic became more prevalent over recent months in America, so did searches for clown pornography. 
Pornhub, one of the go-to X-rated websites, released data showing a huge uptick in clown searches on their salacious website, including a 213-percent increase at its highest point. 
'Clown fetish porn has been around for some time, so searches on Pornhub are not uncommon,' the sites' official blog post from mid-October reads. But in 'the last 30 days there have been over 100,000 clown related searches.' 
Company statisticians also found that women are 33 percent more likely to search for clown porn than men. 
Popular search terms related to the costumed entertainers were 'clown porn,' 'clown girl,' 'clown gangbang,' 'clown orgy,' 'midget clown,' 'crazy clown,' 'killer clown,' 'lesbian clown,' 'clown fart,' and 'clown feet.' Post navigation

ARTICLE

Home '∫ POLITICS '∫ THE END GAME CLOSES IN ON THE CLINTONS AS THE DEEP STATE TURNS THE END GAME CLOSES IN ON THE CLINTONS AS THE DEEP STATE TURNS 0 SHARES 
[11/2/16] MIKE ADAMS -My fellow Americans, we are watching history unfold before us with such sound and fury that we are likely to never witness comparable events again in our lifetime. As of today, I am now convinced that the deep state has turned on Hillary Clinton and will unveil damning evidence in the next few days that will end the Clintons' reign of terror over America and collapse her bid for the presidency. 
The mainstream media, of course, will never report this news for the simple reason that they are the propaganda arm of the criminal Clinton cartel. As such, they will lie to the public to the bitter end, even as the Clinton Titanic sinks with all of them on board (in deep, frigid waters, no less, with no more lifeboats to be found). 
The so-called 'deep state''î the powerful insiders who really run the intelligence services and inner layers of untouchable bureaucracy 'î has decided Hillary Clinton is too damaged to defend any longer . Even if she were to win by stealing the election, she would be so mired in criminal investigations and political illegitimacy that she would rip the nation to shreds while fighting for her own political survival. 
It has now been decided, I believe, that Hillary Clinton will be taken out of power by releasing criminally damaging emails which have long been held by the NSA and FBI. This will likely happen before the coming weekend. Once that is accomplished, the next goal will be to wait for President Trump to take office, then destroy the U.S. economy through a controlled, global debt collapse so that Trump can be blamed for the near collapse of western economies. (Remember: The deep state isn't pro-Trump. They're still all about defending the establishment. But Hillary is one bridge too far for even the statists to stomach'¶) 
Instead of allowing Hillary Clinton to take power and destroy America from the top, in other words, deep state power brokers have reverted to 'Plan B' which is to let Trump take the White House, then destroy America through the controlled demolition of its currency and economy. This is simpler than it sounds. Bringing down the debt pyramid of a nation carrying nearly $20 trillion in national debt isn't exactly rocket science. All they have to do is stand back and stop manipulating the markets and stop printing new money for a few months while raising interest rates. Monetary gravity will do the rest'¶ 
In the mean time, Hillary Clinton and a long list of her co-conspirators are going to find themselves charged with obstruction of justice , lying under oath, destruction of evidence, conspiracy, corruption and other serious charges that will lead to serious prison time for many. 
The criminal racket of the Clintons is about to implode. The participants will be charged under the RICO Act for 'racketeering' activities, for which ample evidence already exists. A new video from Steve Pieczenik describes some of this 
In this video, intelligence insider Steve Pieczenik lays out how high-level intelligence insiders are now working in concert to 'reverse the Clinton coup' that's attempting to take over America and destroy it from within. 
Even if you don't believe Pieczenik 'î and I fully realize he's controversial in his own way 'î this short video is a very important 'must watch' explanation to know what people in the intelligence community are doing'¶'we've initiated a counter-coup'¶' The Clintons are going to go 'full murder' in a last ditch, desperate effort to save themselves 
Beware of what may yet unfold in the coming days. Like a cornered wild animal, the Clintons are extremely dangerous when they realize they have nothing to lose by going 'full murder' in an attempt to save themselves. 
I will not be surprised the least bit if bodies of people in high places start piling up over the next week. Watch for news reports of mysterious car crashes, swimming pool accidents or 'natural' deaths involving people like James Comey, who'd better have armed security personnel around him at all times. 
Look for desperate measures such as the Clintons attempting to blackmail Obama, Comey or anyone who they think might serve as leverage to save their own skins. We might also see desperate false flag attacks unfold in the next few days, although that's increasingly unlikely since it seems the Clintons are now on their own (they would need the assistance of Obama to pull off another Sandy Hook, you see). A deal has already been struck with Obama 
Most likely, deep state operatives have already struck a deal with Obama to avoid prosecuting him for his own serious crimes as long as he stays out of the way as Hillary Clinton's head is served up on a platter. This likely explains why Obama is now publicly saying he trusts Comey (and refuses to go to bat for Hillary). There's no love lost between Obama and the Clintons (remember 2008?). 
As all this is going down, the propaganda ministry of the Clinton regime 'î CNN, NYT, Washington Post, etc. 'î is going to explode into an all-out 'bat-s##t crazy' conspiracy theory phase where they blame the Russians, extraterrestrials, Bigfoot and the Loch Ness Monster for everything that's imploding around the Clintons. Mainstream media news reports are going to increasingly sound like sociopathic babble from crazy people grasping at whatever outlandish theories they can invoke. Maybe crop circles were created by the Russians as a secret code to Wikileaks and Donald Trump, eh? 
Meanwhile, conspiratorial operatives like George Stephanopoulos fully realize they are probably going to jail for collusion and sedition , so they have nothing left to lose by desperately trying to put Hillary in the White House via any means at their disposal, including totally faking negative news against Donald Trump (which is, of course, the entire news mission of CNN at this point, a disgraced propaganda network run by anti-American traitors). If the vote is stolen for Hillary Clinton, all hell breaks loose 
Should the globalist Soros operators manage to steal the vote, bribe the electoral voters or rig the black box voting machines sufficiently to place Hillary Clinton in the White House, all Hell breaks loose across America : 
' The FBI goes into full indictment mode to push criminal charges for the Clinton criminal regime. 
' Donald Trump launches a massive legal challenge to the election outcome, dispatching an army of lawyers to level a vast assortment of charges involving coordinated voter fraud, the rigging of voting machines, the attempted bribery of Electoral voters and so on. 
' The U.S. military revs up its plans for an armed military coup to depose Clinton and restore democracy. This one should be especially entertaining to watch unfold if it gets activated'¶ (and yes, YOU will beg for a short-term military dictatorship as long as they promise to depose Clinton and restore open, fair and free elections). 
' Armed U.S. citizens prepare for a massive march on Washington to take back their democracy and restore a lawful society where the political elite don't get away with corruption, fraud and murder. Expect this march to be joined by police officers and federal law enforcement officials of all kinds. 
' The NSA likely goes into 'full dump' mode to unleash every scrap of damning criminal evidence against Hillary Clinton. This will likely be joined by CIA assets who already have the goods on the Clintons and their 'Lolita Express' pedo joy rides. 
' Wikileaks, Anonymous and every former NSA analyst goes into 'destroy the Clintons' mode and begins to hack and expose every last shred of email evidence ever possessed by the Clintons and anyone close to them. Anonymous alone has enough technical clout to accomplish this with little or no outside help. (I expect Kim Dotcom to be aiding this entire effort as well, as he rightly holds extreme hatred toward Hillary Clinton'¶ as do we all, come to think of it.) 
' The establishment Republicans in the U.S. Congress will, as usual, meekly surrender to the democrats, pulls down their britches and bend over to prepare to take it in the rear because that's what they do best when the going gets tough. Totally useless politicrats like John McCain can't get their pants around their ankles quickly enough when democrats start accusing them of something. These useless heaps of human baggage will be tossed out of Washington as the revolution unfolds, replaced with individuals who actually honor the U.S. Constitution (like Rep. Louie Gohmert). I root for all groups working to save America and expose the criminal politicians 
Bring out the marshmallows and weiners, folks: This is going to be the most bizarre campfire front row seat to U.S. history that anyone has witnessed in over 200 years. Try not to trip and 'face plant' into the flames as all this unfolds. It might be a smart idea to have some preparedness supplies at the ready, since no one really knows just how nasty this is all going to get. (And thank God Hillary doesn't have her fingers on the nuclear launch codes, or she'd probably launch them just to change the narrative'¶) 
As for me, I'm with anybody who's trying to save America , restore democracy and throw the establishment criminals in prison. Like almost everybody else, I've had enough of the lies, the corruption, the media deceptions and the incessant blood sucking parasites in Washington D.C. who are too arrogant and stupid to realize just how much they're universally despised. The revolution is ON. Anonymous, Wikileaks, Project Veritas, the FBI and the NSA have all been activated. There's no stopping them now, and all the details of all the crimes of the Clintons are about to spill onto the stage of history, dirty deeds and all. 
Be warned, you are probably not psychologically prepared for the truth about what the Clintons really are. You will probably vomit. Post navigation

ARTICLE

Home '∫ HEALTH '∫ YOUR SUSPICIONS ABOUT GMO CROPS WERE JUST CONFIRMED BY A NYT REPORT YOUR SUSPICIONS ABOUT GMO CROPS WERE JUST CONFIRMED BY A NYT REPORT 0 SHARES 
[11/2/16] An analysis of data by The Times shows that crop yields did not increase and herbicide and insecticide use did not shrink in the 20 years since GMO seeds were introduced in North America. In fact, herbicide use has increased . 
'An analysis by The Times using United Nations data showed that the United States and Canada have gained no discernible advantage in yields 'î food per acre 'î when measured against Western Europe, a region with comparably modernized agricultural producers like France and Germany,' an October 29 Times article stated. 
Times researchers compared data from Europe, where genetic modification was rejected, with that from Canada and the United States, where they are widely used. The data goes back 20 years and indicates that GM technology did not deliver on some of the promises that its promoters made. 
In fact, herbicide use has increased by 21 percent in the U.S. while it has decreased by 36 percent in France's, Europe's largest agriculture producer. GMO seeds have led to a decrease of about 33 percent in insecticide and fungicide use in the U.S., but France has seen an even larger decrease 'î 65 percent 'ì without using genetically modified crops. 
As the weather begins to warm, you'll want to switch over to more heat-tolerant greens. Consider lettuce varieties such as Red Butterworth and Larissa or spinach varieties such as Tyee or Emu. Post navigation

ARTICLE

Home '∫ ECONOMIC '∫ CABLE RATES HAVE RISEN AT DOUBLE INFLATION RATE FOR 20 YEARS CABLE RATES HAVE RISEN AT DOUBLE INFLATION RATE FOR 20 YEARS 0 SHARES 
[11/2/16] Cable TV price increases have jumped at more than twice the rate of inflation for more than twenty straight years. Average US inflation since 1995 has been steady at around 2.2%. But during that same period, cable TV prices have increased by 5.8% per year on average. The data comes from an FCC report on cable TV Pricing (pdf, hat tip cordcutting.com ) released last month, and notes that back in 1995, cable cost an average of just $22.35 a month. That has since ballooned to an average of $69.03, or a 208.9% jump. 
Obviously these constant hikes 'î which often come twice or more a year for some cable customers 'î have played a starring role in driving consumers to alternative streaming options. 
And this annoyance has only grown as fights between cable broadcasters and cable companies have only accelerated. In fact, the FCC also recently found that return fees charged by broadcasters jumped as much as 63% in one year. Post navigation

ARTICLE

Home '∫ POLITICS '∫ ASSISTANT ATTORNEY GENERAL TIPPED OFF CLINTON CAMP ABOUT DOJ INVESTIGATION ASSISTANT ATTORNEY GENERAL TIPPED OFF CLINTON CAMP ABOUT DOJ INVESTIGATION 0 SHARES 
[11/2/16] On November 2, WikiLeaks released Part 26 of their emails from Clinton Campaign Chair John Podesta. 
A March 2015 email revealed Podesta attended a meeting with Clinton campaign General Counsel, the lobbying firm Dewey Square Partners and Clinton Super PACs. Several emails released by WikiLeaks suggest the Clinton campaign illegally coordinated with Super PACs, prompting Clinton loyalist Neera Tanden to say she thought that what the campaign was doing with Correct the Record was 'skirting, if not violating' the law. 
Assistant Attorney General Peter Kadzik tipped off Podesta and the Clinton campaign about what was going on at the Department of Justice. Kadzik, a friend of Podesta, will oversee the DOJ probe into Clinton aide Huma Abedin and Anthony Weiner's emails from Clinton's private email server. 'There is a HJC oversight hearing today where the head of our Civil Division will testify. Likely to get questions on State Department emails. Another filing in the FOIA case went in last night or will go in this am that indicates it will be awhile (2016) before the State Department posts the emails,' Kadzik wrote to Podesta in May 2015. Podesta forwarded the email to several top Clinton staffers. The email suggests the Department of Justice was biased in favor of Hillary Clinton , and Kadzik tip to Podesta was highly unethical. Post navigation

ARTICLE

Home '∫ POLITICS '∫ TOP DEMOCRATIC DONOR: BLACKS ARE 'SERIOUSLY F***ED IN THE HEAD' TOP DEMOCRATIC DONOR: BLACKS ARE 'SERIOUSLY F***ED IN THE HEAD' 0 SHARES 
[11/2/16] PROJECT VERITAS 'ì In a new video released by Project Veritas Action, a top Democratic donor is caught on camera disparaging members of the African American community at a fundraiser for North Carolina U.S. Senate candidate Deborah Ross. 
In the video, prominent Ross donor Benjamin Barber expresses his opinion about blacks who vote Republican by comparing them to Nazis. 
'Have you heard of the Sonderkommandos ? Jewish guards who helped murder Jews in the camps. So there were even Jews that were helping the Nazis murder Jews! So blacks who are helping the other side are seriously fucked in the head. They're only helping the enemy who will destroy them. Maybe they think 'if I help them we'll get along okay; somehow I'll save my race by working with the murderers,'' said Barber at a fundraiser for Ross on the Upper West Side of New York City on September 19, 2016. 
Project Veritas Action thought it was important to share Barber's words with African American Republicans in North Carolina. They expressed outrage over the comments that were made at the Ross fundraiser. 
'I think that Deborah Ross has shown her true colors. If this is not a, if that'¶what you just showed me is not racism and condescending and basically calling blacks stupid and ignorant and saying that we are voting against our own self-interest if we support any republican. I am appalled. I am in incensed. Deborah Ross should be called to task for something like that,' said Bishop Wooden, a black voter in North Carolina. 
Project Veritas Action Fund (AKA Project Veritas Action) was founded by James O'Keefe to investigate and expose corruption, dishonesty, self-dealing, waste, fraud and other misconduct. Post navigation

ARTICLE

Home '∫ BIG BROTHER '∫ FACEBOOK SAYS USERS CAN'T STOP IT FROM USING BIOMETRIC DATA FACEBOOK SAYS USERS CAN'T STOP IT FROM USING BIOMETRIC DATA 0 SHARES 
[11/2/16] Facebook Inc.'s software knows your face almost as well as your mother does. And like mom, it isn't asking your permission to do what it wants with old photos. 
While millions of internet users embrace the tagging of family and friends in photos, others worried there's something devious afoot are trying to block Facebook as well as Google from amassing such data. 
As advances in facial recognition technology give companies the potential to profit from biometric data, privacy advocates see a pattern in how the world's largest social network and search engine have sold users' viewing histories for advertising. The companies insist that gathering data on what you look like isn't against the law, even without your permission. 
If judges agree with Facebook and Google, they may be able to kill off lawsuits filed under a unique Illinois law that carries fines of $1,000 to $5,000 each time a person's image is used without permission 'î big enough for a liability headache if claims on behalf of millions of consumers proceed as class actions. A loss by the companies could lead to new restrictions on using biometrics in the U.S., similar to those in Europe and Canada. 
Facebook declined to comment on its court fight. Google hasn't responded to requests for comment (Scroll down for a closer look at the court cases) . 
Courts have struggled over what qualifies as an injury to pursue a privacy case in lawsuits accusing Facebook and Google of siphoning users' personal information from e-mails and monitoring their web browsing habits. Suits over selling the data to advertisers have often failed. 
This year, the U.S. Supreme Court set a 'concrete injury' standard for privacy suits, a ruling that both sides are using to argue their case ahead of a hearing Thursday in San Francisco over Facebook's bid to dismiss the biometrics case. 
Google is fending off suits in Chicago, arguing that the Illinois statute can't apply outside the state under the Constitution's interstate commerce rules. Google also contends the Illinois law doesn't regulate photos. 
Facebook encourages users to 'tag' people in photographs they upload in their personal posts and the social network stores the collected information. The company uses a program it calls DeepFace to match other photos of a person. Alphabet Inc.'s cloud-based Google Photos service uses similar technology. 
The billions of images Facebook is thought to be collecting could be even more valuable to identity thieves than the names, addresses, and credit card numbers now targeted by hackers, according to privacy advocates and legal experts. 
While those types of information are mutable'îeven Social Security numbers can be changed'îbiometric data for retinas, fingerprints, hands, face geometry and blood samples, are unique identifiers. 
'Biometric identifiers are a key way to link together information about people,' such as discrete financial, medical and educational records, said Marc Rotenberg, the president of the Electronic Privacy Information Center, who isn't involved in the case. Facebook has 'cleverly got its users to improve the accuracy of its own database,' he said. Post navigation

ARTICLE

Warning : array_key_exists() expects parameter 2 to be array, null given in /home/content/p3pnexwpnas07_data02/05/3222705/html/wp-content/plugins/widget-options/core/functions.widget.display.php on line 182 Home '∫ POLITICS '∫ ING TO CUT 7,000 JOBS'¶ ING TO CUT 7,000 JOBS'¶ 0 SHARES 
[11/3/16] ING Group 's plans to shed 7,000 jobs and invest in its digital platforms to make annual savings of 900 million euros ($1 billion) by 2021, drew swift criticism from unions of the Netherlands' largest financial services company on Monday. 
The layoffs represent slightly less than 12 percent of ING's 52,000 workforce because nearly 1,000 are expected to come at suppliers rather than the bank itself. 
But they are the heaviest since 2009, when ING was forced to restructure and spin off its insurance activities after receiving a state bailout during the financial crisis. 
Labor unions were highly critical of the decision. 
'I don't think this was the intention of the (government) when it kept ING afloat with bailout money,' Ike Wiersinga of the Dutch CNV union said. 
In Belgian, where the number of jobs lost will be highest, labor leader Herman Vanderhaegen called the decision a 'horror show' in a statement published on the website of De Tijd, and said workers would strike on Friday. 
Although other large banks have announced mass layoffs at branch offices in the past year to boost profitability, ING said the job cuts were partly to combine technology platforms and risk control centers as well to help it to contend with regulatory burdens and low interest rates. 
'You have to announce these programs and these intentions at a time when you can afford them,' CEO Ralph Hamers told reporters on a conference call. 'We're strong right now, we have good results, we are growing and then you have to do the repairs, and not when you don't have any choice anymore.' Post navigation Warning : array_key_exists() expects parameter 2 to be array, null given in /home/content/p3pnexwpnas07_data02/05/3222705/html/wp-content/plugins/widget-options/core/functions.widget.display.php on line 182 Warning : array_key_exists() expects parameter 2 to be array, null given in /home/content/p3pnexwpnas07_data02/05/3222705/html/wp-content/plugins/widget-options/core/functions.widget.display.php on line 182 Warning : array_key_exists() expects parameter 2 to be array, null given in /home/content/p3pnexwpnas07_data02/05/3222705/html/wp-content/plugins/widget-options/core/functions.widget.display.php on line 182 Warning : array_key_exists() expects parameter 2 to be array, null given in /home/content/p3pnexwpnas07_data02/05/3222705/html/wp-content/plugins/widget-options/core/functions.widget.display.php on line 182 RESOURCES

ARTICLE

Home '∫ POLITICS | US NEWS '∫ SECRET RECORDINGS FUELED FBI FEUD IN CLINTON PROBE SECRET RECORDINGS FUELED FBI FEUD IN CLINTON PROBE 0 SHARES [11/3/16] Secret recordings of a suspect talking about the Clinton Foundation fueled an internal battle between FBI agents who wanted to pursue the case and corruption prosecutors who viewed the statements as worthless hearsay, people familiar with the matter said. 
Agents, using informants and recordings from unrelated corruption investigations, thought they had found enough material to merit aggressively pursuing the investigation into the foundation that started in summer 2015 based on claims made in a book by a conservative author called 'Clinton Cash: The Untold Story of How and Why Foreign Governments and Businesses Helped Make Bill and Hillary Rich,' these people said. 
The account of the case and resulting dispute comes from interviews with officials at multiple agencies. 
Starting in February and continuing today, investigators from the Federal Bureau of Investigation and public-corruption prosecutors became increasingly frustrated with each other, as often happens within and between departments. At the center of the tension stood the U.S. attorney for Brooklyn, Robert Capers, who some at the FBI came to view as exacerbating the problems by telling each side what it wanted to hear, these people said. Through a spokeswoman, Mr. Capers declined to comment. 
The roots of the dispute lie in a disagreement over the strength of the case, these people said, which broadly centered on whether Clinton Foundation contributors received favorable treatment from the State Department under Hillary Clinton. 
Senior officials in the Justice Department and the FBI didn't think much of the evidence, while investigators believed they had promising leads their bosses wouldn't let them pursue, they said. 
These details on the probe are emerging amid the continuing furor surrounding FBI Director James Comey's disclosure to Congress that new emails had emerged that could be relevant to a separate, previously closed FBI investigation of Mrs. Clinton's email arrangement while she was secretary of state. 
On Wednesday, President Barack Obama took the unusual step of criticizing the FBI when asked about Mr. Comey's disclosure of the emails. 
Amid the internal finger-pointing on the Clinton Foundation matter, some have blamed the FBI's No. 2 official, deputy director Andrew McCabe, claiming he sought to stop agents from pursuing the case this summer. His defenders deny that, and say it was the Justice Department that kept pushing back on the investigation. 
At times, people on both sides of the dispute thought Mr. Capers agreed with them. Defenders of Mr. Capers said he was straightforward and always told people he thought the case wasn't strong. Post navigation Warning : array_key_exists() expects parameter 2 to be array, null given in /home/content/p3pnexwpnas07_data02/05/3222705/html/wp-content/plugins/widget-options/core/functions.widget.display.php on line 182 Warning : array_key_exists() expects parameter 2 to be array, null given in /home/content/p3pnexwpnas07_data02/05/3222705/html/wp-content/plugins/widget-options/core/functions.widget.display.php on line 182 Warning : array_key_exists() expects parameter 2 to be array, null given in /home/content/p3pnexwpnas07_data02/05/3222705/html/wp-content/plugins/widget-options/core/functions.widget.display.php on line 182 Warning : array_key_exists() expects parameter 2 to be array, null given in /home/content/p3pnexwpnas07_data02/05/3222705/html/wp-content/plugins/widget-options/core/functions.widget.display.php on line 182 RESOURCES

ARTICLE

Warning : array_key_exists() expects parameter 2 to be array, null given in /home/content/p3pnexwpnas07_data02/05/3222705/html/wp-content/plugins/widget-options/core/functions.widget.display.php on line 182 Home '∫ POLITICS | US NEWS '∫ #PODESTA27: CLINTON TEAM 'DEFINITELY' WITHHELD MORE EMAILS FROM CONGRESS #PODESTA27: CLINTON TEAM 'DEFINITELY' WITHHELD MORE EMAILS FROM CONGRESS 0 SHARES 
[11/3/16] In the latest batch of emails leaked by WikiLeaks, involving the account of US Presidential candidate Hillary Clinton's campaign director John Podesta, it has emerged that 'ì far from appearing open in releasing 55,000 emails on personal accounts 'ì her team knew more were still uncovered. 
In the run-up to the revelation that Clinton had made use of personal emails in her role as Secretary of State, instead of verified and secure government accounts, her team scrambled to limit the damage to her reputation by releasing emails in an effort to appear open and responsible. Her communications adviser Jennifer Palmieri wrote in an email: 'Team 'î wanted to let you know that Cheryl is working with State to get agreement on release of the 55k pages of emails she have to State. The hope would be that we are able to say tonight to the press that we are working with State to get emails released soon.' 
'Not sure where those discussions will land, but hope is either State agrees to release on >> timely basis or we pledge to release them ourselves in ten days/week. Assume you all would agree this is right move?' 
In reply, her media adviser, former senior adviser to Barack Obama in both his 2008 and 2012 campaigns for the White House, Jim Margolis, wrote to John Podesta asking: 'If there is a release of the 55K, are there others that are not being released?' To which Podesta replied: 'Definitely.' The revelation shows how worried the Clinton team were of the inflammable nature of the email affair which has dogged her campaign for nearly a year. Post navigation Warning : array_key_exists() expects parameter 2 to be array, null given in /home/content/p3pnexwpnas07_data02/05/3222705/html/wp-content/plugins/widget-options/core/functions.widget.display.php on line 182 Warning : array_key_exists() expects parameter 2 to be array, null given in /home/content/p3pnexwpnas07_data02/05/3222705/html/wp-content/plugins/widget-options/core/functions.widget.display.php on line 182 Warning : array_key_exists() expects parameter 2 to be array, null given in /home/content/p3pnexwpnas07_data02/05/3222705/html/wp-content/plugins/widget-options/core/functions.widget.display.php on line 182 Warning : array_key_exists() expects parameter 2 to be array, null given in /home/content/p3pnexwpnas07_data02/05/3222705/html/wp-content/plugins/widget-options/core/functions.widget.display.php on line 182 RESOURCES

ARTICLE

Warning : array_key_exists() expects parameter 2 to be array, null given in /home/content/p3pnexwpnas07_data02/05/3222705/html/wp-content/plugins/widget-options/core/functions.widget.display.php on line 182 Home '∫ ECONOMIC '∫ OFFICE DEPOT TO CLOSE 65 STORES IN Q4 OFFICE DEPOT TO CLOSE 65 STORES IN Q4 0 SHARES 
[11/3/16] In August, three months after its proposed $6.3 billion merger with rival Staples fell apart, Office Depot announced the departure of CEO Roland Smith and touted the completion of a three-year turnaround plan with four major elements: Accelerating business contracts operations, revamping its North American retail model, cost reductions and returning capital to shareholders. 
Office Depot in September announced an agreement to sell its European business to investment firm The Aurelius Group, and now its turning its focus to store closure efforts. The 300 closings mentioned in its Q3 earnings report, first announced in August, are on top of 400 closures already planned since 2014. 
While the plan to merge with rival Staples would have created an international office supply juggernaut with an impressive brick-and-mortar presence to neutralize the growing threat posed by online competition, Staples and Office Depot are now once again rivals, each scrambling to figure out what comes next. On a conference call with analysts Wednesday, though, Smith insisted that its plans are clear and reiterated a strategy to build business contracts sales and streamline its supply chain in the name of 'optimizing and reinventing retail.' 
'We believe there are significant additional opportunities to transition to a more effective sales coverage model for accounts of all sizes by balancing the benefits of an inside and outside sales coverage model,' Smith said, according to a Seeking Alpha transcript . 'We are pleased with our initial progress in these areas and expect the sales trends in our Business Solutions Division to improve in the coming quarters as we continue to grow our sales pipeline and convert customer commitments into revenue and profit.' Post navigation Warning : array_key_exists() expects parameter 2 to be array, null given in /home/content/p3pnexwpnas07_data02/05/3222705/html/wp-content/plugins/widget-options/core/functions.widget.display.php on line 182 Warning : array_key_exists() expects parameter 2 to be array, null given in /home/content/p3pnexwpnas07_data02/05/3222705/html/wp-content/plugins/widget-options/core/functions.widget.display.php on line 182 Warning : array_key_exists() expects parameter 2 to be array, null given in /home/content/p3pnexwpnas07_data02/05/3222705/html/wp-content/plugins/widget-options/core/functions.widget.display.php on line 182 Warning : array_key_exists() expects parameter 2 to be array, null given in /home/content/p3pnexwpnas07_data02/05/3222705/html/wp-content/plugins/widget-options/core/functions.widget.display.php on line 182 RESOURCES

ARTICLE

Warning : array_key_exists() expects parameter 2 to be array, null given in /home/content/p3pnexwpnas07_data02/05/3222705/html/wp-content/plugins/widget-options/core/functions.widget.display.php on line 182 Home '∫ ECONOMIC '∫ HERITAGE COLLEGE CLOSING ALL 10 OF ITS CAMPUSES HERITAGE COLLEGE CLOSING ALL 10 OF ITS CAMPUSES 0 SHARES 
[11/3/16] The Kansas Board of Regents confirms all 10 of Heritage College's locations, including those in southeast Wichita and Kansas City, Mo. are closed. The board or regents says the school is closed effective 'immediately' and 'indefinitely.' 
Tuesday afternoon, Eyewitness News heard from a student at the college's location on South Rock Road in Wichita, who was preparing to graduate. 
The student says there was a note on the door of the school that they weren't letting anyone in. The note read that the school went bankrupt, the student says. She says neither students nor staff received notice of the shutdown. Some learned of the closure by finding the notes, others heard from classmates. 
'I actually got a text message from a classmate and then I called the school several times and couldn't get an answer so I decided to come up here,' said Machelle Hatter, who went to Heritage. 
Many students say they feel angry and confused. 
'I don't know where I'm going, I don't know what's going on with my loans, I don't know what to do next,' said Stephanie Hermrack, who attended Heritage College. 
Hermrack said now she and many others who attended Heritage are left with only a partial education and thousands of dollars in student loans. 
'So I don't know if I owe the government $20,000 now even though I didn't get a degree out of this or what,' added Joshua Anderson, another Heritage student. Post navigation Warning : array_key_exists() expects parameter 2 to be array, null given in /home/content/p3pnexwpnas07_data02/05/3222705/html/wp-content/plugins/widget-options/core/functions.widget.display.php on line 182 Warning : array_key_exists() expects parameter 2 to be array, null given in /home/content/p3pnexwpnas07_data02/05/3222705/html/wp-content/plugins/widget-options/core/functions.widget.display.php on line 182 Warning : array_key_exists() expects parameter 2 to be array, null given in /home/content/p3pnexwpnas07_data02/05/3222705/html/wp-content/plugins/widget-options/core/functions.widget.display.php on line 182 Warning : array_key_exists() expects parameter 2 to be array, null given in /home/content/p3pnexwpnas07_data02/05/3222705/html/wp-content/plugins/widget-options/core/functions.widget.display.php on line 182 RESOURCES

ARTICLE

Warning : array_key_exists() expects parameter 2 to be array, null given in /home/content/p3pnexwpnas07_data02/05/3222705/html/wp-content/plugins/widget-options/core/functions.widget.display.php on line 182 Home '∫ ECONOMIC '∫ REUTERS TO CUT 2,000 JOBS'¶ REUTERS TO CUT 2,000 JOBS'¶ 0 SHARES 
[11/3/16] Thomson Reuters Corp. said on Tuesday it will lay off about 2,000 workers, and sustain a charge of up to $250 million in the current quarter, connected to a 'transformation' of its business. 
The company, which provides news and information services to professionals, also reported flat revenue and lower profit for the quarter. 
Thomson Reuters employs some 48,000 people world-wide. The restructuring would mainly impact the Financial & Risk business and the Enterprise, Technology & Operations Group, according to a news report from Reuters, which also noted that none of the cuts would be in the company's newsroom. 
Thomson Reuters said it expects to record a charge in the current quarter between $200 million and $250 million linked to the restructuring program. Post navigation Warning : array_key_exists() expects parameter 2 to be array, null given in /home/content/p3pnexwpnas07_data02/05/3222705/html/wp-content/plugins/widget-options/core/functions.widget.display.php on line 182 Warning : array_key_exists() expects parameter 2 to be array, null given in /home/content/p3pnexwpnas07_data02/05/3222705/html/wp-content/plugins/widget-options/core/functions.widget.display.php on line 182 Warning : array_key_exists() expects parameter 2 to be array, null given in /home/content/p3pnexwpnas07_data02/05/3222705/html/wp-content/plugins/widget-options/core/functions.widget.display.php on line 182 Warning : array_key_exists() expects parameter 2 to be array, null given in /home/content/p3pnexwpnas07_data02/05/3222705/html/wp-content/plugins/widget-options/core/functions.widget.display.php on line 182 RESOURCES

ARTICLE

Home '∫ HEALTH | US NEWS '∫ CONTROVERSIAL NEW 'ANTI-FAMINE' GMO POTATO STRAINS APPROVED CONTROVERSIAL NEW 'ANTI-FAMINE' GMO POTATO STRAINS APPROVED 0 SHARES [11/3/16] The US Department of Agriculture has given its seal of approval to two new strains of genetically engineered potatoes. By using double stranded RNA, the potatoes have been engineered to resist the pathogen responsible for the Irish potato famine. 
There could be two new potatoes hitting the soil next spring after the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) signed off on two more genetically modified potatoes from Simplot, an agribusiness based in Idaho, on Monday. 
The only obstacle for the new potatoes becoming available on the market is a voluntary review process from the FDA, much to the chagrin of GMO skeptics. 
Jeffrey Smith, founder of the Institute for Responsible Technology, expressed concern for not only the FDA's voluntary testing program but for the genetic modifying process the potatoes have undergone, in an interview with RT. 
' It makes sense on paper, ' he said of the potatoes that are purported to be resistant to blight 'ì the pathogen responsible for the Great Famine. However, one of the issues is that the effects of modified these genomes are largely unknown. 
' When we tamper with the genome in the way that they've been doing with genetic engineering in our food supply, you end up increasing allergens, toxins, new diseases or other problems 'ì causes massive collateral damage in the DNA' he said. 
But blocking the blight is not the only selling point of these scientific spuds. In addition, they are meant to be engineered to prevent bruising and black spots, have a reduction of a chemical that creates carcinogens when cooked at high temperatures and also ship better. 
However, all of these benefits could be a curse in disguise. The method used for engineering these potatoes is called double stranded (ds) RNA, meaning the genes of an organism have been reprogrammed or silenced. Post navigation

ARTICLE

Home '∫ US NEWS '∫ FBI LAUNCHES PROBE AFTER OWN TWITTER ACCOUNT LEAKS DOCUMENTS 'ì REPORT FBI LAUNCHES PROBE AFTER OWN TWITTER ACCOUNT LEAKS DOCUMENTS 'ì REPORT 0 SHARES [11/3/16] An internal investigation has reportedly been launched by the FBI into one of its automated Twitter accounts after a series of documents were released. 
The Twitter bot 'FBI Records Vault' had not been in use for over a year, but suddenly released several documents on October 30. 
The FBI is now investigating the account, according to Judd Legum, editor of Think Progress . TP is a project of the Center for American Progress, the Democratic think tank founded by John Podesta, campaign chairman for Hillary Clinton. 
The account's puzzling activation was referred to the FBI's Inspection Division for an 'investigation' by Candice Will, the assistant director for the FBI's Office of Professional Responsibility. Following the investigation, it will then be referred back to Will's department for 'adjudication,' according to Legum. 
A complaint is said to have been filed by Jonathan Hutson, a former employee of the Center for American Progress and a public-relations consultant, leading to the investigation. Post navigation

ARTICLE

Home '∫ POLITICS | US NEWS '∫ PHARRELL WILLIAMS BEGS WOMEN TO VOTE HILLARY: SHE'S DISHONEST, BUT SO ARE YOU PHARRELL WILLIAMS BEGS WOMEN TO VOTE HILLARY: SHE'S DISHONEST, BUT SO ARE YOU 0 SHARES 
[11/3/16] Music producer and singer Pharrell Williams bashed Donald Trump at an industry conference on Tuesday and said his defeat in the upcoming presidential election would be 'easy' if every woman in America voted to elect Hillary Clinton. 
'If all the women in this nation decided to vote and support the first female candidate, there'd be nothing to worry about,' Williams said in an interview at Variety 's Inclusion summit at the Montage Hotel in Beverly Hills. 'It's that easy.' 
'Has she been dishonest about things? Sure. Have you?' Williams said of Clinton, before insisting that 'she don't lie no more than any other politician does.' 
The Happy singer endorsed Clinton in March 2014, telling GQ magazine: 'We're about to have a female president. Hillary's gonna win.' 
Asked about increasing polarization during the presidential campaign, the Grammy-winner paused and then pleaded with women to 'save the nation' by not electing another 'destructive' male president. 
'That silence in this room right now is often what I feel when you see some of the things that are being said, not just about my culture, but about women,' Williams said . 'I'm praying that women come together and save this nation. You think about the destructive things that have come from mankind, it's mostly men.' Post navigation

ARTICLE

R.T. Home '∫ POLITICS '∫ HILLARY: 'I'M SICK AND TIRED OF THE NEGATIVE, DARK, DIVISIVE, DANGEROUS VISION AND BEHAVIOR' OF TRUMP SUPPORTERS HILLARY: 'I'M SICK AND TIRED OF THE NEGATIVE, DARK, DIVISIVE, DANGEROUS VISION AND BEHAVIOR' OF TRUMP SUPPORTERS 0 SHARES 
[11/3/16] Now that her coronation appears to be escaping her grasp, Democrat Party presidential candidate Hillary Rodham Clinton is showing another side of her personality . On Tuesday night a heckler interrupted her speech, waving a sign that read 'Bill Clinton is a rapist.' Her response, instead of showing her usual controlled aplomb and restraint, surprised the crowd at its intensity and ferocity. Pointing at the offender and shouting at the top of her voice, Clinton exploded: 
I'm sick and tired of the negative, dark, divisive, dangerous vision and behavior of people who support Donald Trump! 
The protestor was immediately led away and his sign was torn apart. It turned out that the protestor was vying for a cash prize being offered by Alex Jones of InfoWars.com to anyone appearing either on television or at a Clinton rally chanting 'Bill Clinton is a rapist' and wearing a t-shirt bearing the same slogan. 
NBC News tried to downplay the interruption, noting that while other protestors have shown up at rallies featuring President Obama and Bill Clinton himself, they are bringing attention to 'decades-old allegations from three women who accuse Bill Clinton of sexual misconduct. The former president has denied all of the allegations.' Post navigation

ARTICLE

Home '∫ ECONOMIC '∫ WALL STREET JOURNAL BEGINS LAYOFFS, CUTS SECTIONS WALL STREET JOURNAL BEGINS LAYOFFS, CUTS SECTIONS 0 SHARES 
[11/3/16] News Corp's The Wall Street Journal will launch a new format for the newspaper with fewer sections on Nov. 14, and has begun laying off employees as part of an effort to cut costs, according to two memos reviewed by Reuters on Wednesday. 
On Wednesday, the Journal laid off staff of its Greater New York section, according to a memo sent on Wednesday from the International Association of Publishers' Employees to members of the union at the paper. The layoffs include 19 IAPE-represented employees. 
The layoffs came just weeks after Dow Jones & Co, the News Corp unit NWS 0.21% that oversees the newspaper, announced a three-year plan to cut costs in response to a decline in print advertising. 
As part of the cost cutting, the Journal offered all of its news employees the option to take a buyout. The deadline to express interest in a buyout was Monday, and 48-IAPE represented employees took the buyout, out of a total 450 who were offered it, according to IAPE. 
A spokeswoman for Dow Jones declined to comment on how many employees requested buyouts or how many layoffs were expected. Post navigation

ARTICLE

Home '∫ POLITICS '∫ CLASSIFIED MALFEASANCE: CLINTON & AIDES JEOPARDIZED NATIONAL SECURITY CLASSIFIED MALFEASANCE: CLINTON & AIDES JEOPARDIZED NATIONAL SECURITY 0 SHARES 
[11/3/16] The WikiLeaks e-mail releases are not the only revelations Hillary Clinton and the Clinton Campaign team are cursing these days. Official State Department documents released pursuant to Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) requests and lawsuits are also delivering severe body blows to Team Clinton's White House aspirations. 
On Wednesday, Judicial Watch, the government accountability watchdog group, released nearly 70 pages of Department of State (DOS) records confirming that, while secretary of state, Hillary Clinton and her top aides, Deputy Chiefs of Staff Huma Abedin and Jake Sullivan, received and sent classified information on their non-state.gov e-mail accounts. Former Secretary Clinton has repeatedly denied 'î in interviews, debates, testimony, and speeches 'î that she divulged any classified material, even though the e-mail evidence and FBI Director James Comey's testimony contradict that claim. At other times she has fudged, waffled, and evaded questions on this subject, bringing to mind the infamous weasel quote of her husband, then-President Bill Clinton, 'It depends on what the meaning of 'is' is.' 
The new Judicial Watch e-mails are completely separate from the WikiLeaks e-mails, which the Clinton campaign and its allies have tried to discredit by claiming, without foundation, that they are the product of a Russian intelligence operation. The Judicial Watch documents were obtained recently in response to a court order from a May 5, 2015 lawsuit filed against the DOS after it refused to cooperate with a Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) request. That request was seeking: 'All emails of official State Department business received or sent by former Deputy Chief of Staff Huma Abedin from January 1, 2009 through February 1, 2013 using a non-'state.gov' email address.' 
The newly released documents, which are now also available on the State Department website, were obtained after the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia ruled in favor of the watchdog group in January ( Judicial Watch, Inc. v. U.S. Department of State ). 
There are thus no grounds for questioning the provenance or authenticity of these recent Clinton e-mail revelations, since they come directly 'î albeit very reluctantly 'î from the State Department. Among the new documents are e-mails showing that Hillary Clinton used the clintonemail.com system to ask Huma Abedin (also on a non-state.gov e-mail account) to print two March 2011 e-mails that were sent from former British Prime Minister Tony Blair (using the moniker 'aclb') to Jake Sullivan on Sullivan's non-state.gov e-mail account. 
The Obama State Department has redacted the Blair e-mails under the FOIA Exemption (b)(1) rule which allows the withholding of classified material. The material is marked as being classified as 'Foreign government information' and 'foreign relations or foreign activities of the US, including confidential sources.' The irony is beyond rich, is it not? Secretary Clinton says she didn't send any classified material by private, unsecured e-mail 'î while the State Department refuses to release certain of her private e-mails, claiming exemption because, says DOS, the e-mails contain classified information. Reasonable observers might be inclined to take that as an official confirmation that Hillary Rodham Clinton has lied and weaseled 'î repeatedly, and under oath 'î on this important national security matter. Is there any other reasonable way to view it? 
In another private e-mail, Clinton asks Huma Abedin how appointments in Washington, including a four-hour meeting concerning the Obama/Clinton war on Libya, would affect her vacation schedule in the Hamptons, the fabulous playground of the ultra-rich. As an aside, the Clintons have been longtime seasonal residents of the Hamptons, where many of their Wall Street and Hollywood billionaire cronies (and donors) own eye-popping mansions on sumptuous estates. Hillary, who regularly tries to make political hay by verbally attacking the rich 'one percent,' apparently suffers no qualms of conscience about taking millions of dollars in speaking fees from the most notorious of the one percenters at Goldman Sachs, JPMorgan Chase, Citibank, Blackstone, etc. Nor do she and Bill flinch at spending $50,000 per week for a beachfront mansion in the Hamptons near their movie mogul pal (and campaign contributor) Harvey Weinstein. Their populist rhetoric and faux working-class appeals notwithstanding, the Clintons are happiest and most comfortable consorting with the top one percent of the top one percent. But back to the e-mails. Responding to a message that details the sensitive Libya meetings in Washington, D.C., Clinton e-mails Abedin on August 26, 2011: 'Ok. What time would I get back to Hamptons?' As with tens of thousands of Clinton DOS e-mails, this discussion relative to classified meetings, plans, and official policies, took place on private, unsecure e-mail accounts. Post navigation

ARTICLE

Home '∫ POLITICS | US NEWS '∫ WHITE HOUSE BACKS BRAZILE AFTER IT WAS REVEALED SHE LEAKED DEBATE QUESTIONS TO CLINTON CAMPAIGN WHITE HOUSE BACKS BRAZILE AFTER IT WAS REVEALED SHE LEAKED DEBATE QUESTIONS TO CLINTON CAMPAIGN 2 SHARES [11/3/16] White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest expressed support for interim Democratic National Committee Chairwoman Donna Brazile after it was revealed in leaked emails that the then-CNN contributor gave debate questions in advance to Hillary Clinton's campaign during the primaries. 
During a press briefing Monday, Fox News correspondent Kevin Corke asked Earnest if he believed Brazile should step down from her position at the DNC should the emails be proven to be hers. 
'No, the president believes she has done a fine job stepping in during a very difficult situation to lead the Democratic Party,' Earnest told reporters . 'Look, those of us who have known Donna a long time know that she is a person of integrity and she is a person of high character. She is a true professional who is a tenacious and effective advocate for Democrats.' 
'She uses that skill regularly on television, she has been using that skill regularly as a party official, and I for one am pretty excited about the fact that we've got her on our team,' he added. 
Corke asked, 'What do you say to those Bernie Sanders backers who feel like the fix was in from the very outset. '¶ If it turns out that she did tip the scales or put her hand on the scale for Secretary Clinton, and didn't handle it evenly as a member of the leadership of the DNC, that's OK with you?' Post navigation

