ARTICLE

A CBS Denver voter fraud investigation has exposed dozens of cases in the state ahead of the November 8th presidential election.
According to CBS4, they discovered dozens of irregularities during their ongoing investigation such as ballots cast by the deceased and individuals voting twice. CBS4 explains that they have additionally found individuals voting in Colorado as well as other states in the same election cycle, this of course all at a time where the fear of voter fraud weighs heavily in the minds of the American electorate.
More on voter fraud: Uh Oh… Texas Voting Machines Reportedly Changing Votes from Republican to Democrat 
Via CBS4 
In six of the new cases, voting records show the same people voting twice in Colorado elections. In another six cases, people are suspected of voting in Colorado and another state during the same election cycle.
'You'd be surprised how often people double vote,' said Kansas Secretary of State Kris Kobach. 'Two of the cases are serial double voters. I think people discover they can get away with it and keep doing it.'
Kobach says his office is 'aggressively prosecuting' double voting cases because it's a crime that 'can't be caught ahead of time.'

hhh


ARTICLE

This election remains more heated than any other in modern history – and for many, it has become a call to arms, even if only metaphorically.
Despite the fact that DNC operatives have been exposed as the ones inciting violence at rallies – Robert Creamer and Scott Foval for example – and working overtime to bus in illegal voters and rig the vote – the media is going out of its way to paint Trump supporters and grassroots Americans as the ones plotting violence.
Most recently, they are latching onto comments made by former congressman Joe Walsh, now a conservative radio host, who suggested he would 'pick up a musket' if Trump loses the election.
On November 8th, I'm voting for Trump.
On November 9th, if Trump loses, I'm grabbing my musket.
You in?
— Joe Walsh (@WalshFreedom) October 26, 2016 

Did Walsh mean to imply violence? That is certainly how the media is portraying it, as his comments spark controversy and fuel fire to the debate over the nearing election.
The irony that his commentary drew from the imagery of founding-era patriots who stood up to tyranny was deeply lost on the left, who see opponents to Hillary in black and white terms – racist, xenophobic, utterly deplorable and inherently violent.
CNN followed up, asking Walsh what he meant by statement.
via CNN :
Former Rep. Joe Walsh appeared to call for armed revolution Wednesday if Donald Trump is not elected president. 
[…] Walsh … did respond to CNN's Jake Tapper via Twitter when he asked: 'What exactly does that mean?'
'It means protesting. Participating in acts of civil disobedience. Doing what it takes to get our country back,' he responded to Tapper. 
@jaketapper It means protesting. Participating in acts of civil disobedience. Doing what it takes to get our country back.
— Joe Walsh (@WalshFreedom) October 26, 2016 

After a firestorm on social media, Walsh doubled down, stating on Twitter:
I'm serious. I don't think a musket would do much good these days, but it's time for civil disobedience on the right. https://t.co/ThJPEbALWZ 
— Joe Walsh (@WalshFreedom) October 26, 2016 

His heated rhetoric is a response to the endless episodes of fraud, dirty trick and foul play by the Hillary campaign, as it seems that she will stop at nothing to become the first female POTUS – just the sort of abuse of power that the founders warned about.
1775-76 erupted in response to a long train of abuses – acts of oppression and hostility listed in the Declaration of Independence that is being largely repeated in modern day America.
Could Hillary's reported election victory – or Donald Trump's defeat – signal civil unrest and a new wave of resistance, particularly if the results are widely viewed as fraudulent or 'rigged'? Trump, for one, has certainly been talking up the possibility of a stolen election.
The scenario is plausible enough that the Pentagon and Homeland Security have been carrying out secret drills in the lead up to the election to prepare for the possibility of a martial law response to violence or civil unrest.
As SHTF detailed in an exclusive report, a whistleblower has come forward on the ominous contingency plan to keep and/or restore order if the populace revolt against the establishment's 'selection' for president:
If there is any truth to it, the 2016 election could be a kick-off for total tyranny.
According to an unnamed source – who has provided accurate intel in the past – an unannounced military drill is scheduled to take place during a period leading up to the election and throughout the month after.
Date: October 30th – 30 days after the election
Suspected Region: Northeast, specifically New York
1st Phase: NROL (No Rule of Law) – drill involving combat arms in metro areas (active and reserve). Source says active duty and reserve service members are being vaccinated as if they are being deployed in theatre.
2nd Phase: LROL (Limited Rule of Law) – Military/FEMA consolidating resources, controlling water supply, handing out to public as needed.
3rd Phase: AROL (Authoritarian Rule of Law) – Possible new acronym or term for 'Martial Law'. Curfew, restricted movements, basically martial law scenario.
Source said exercise involves FEMA/DHS/Military
At this point, no one can say for certain what will happen in the aftermath of November 8, but it is clear that millions and millions of Americans are dissatisfied with the status quo, troubled about the economic realities perpetuated by the Fed and angry that Hillary may be put in the Oval Office rather than a jail cell, despite a trail of corruption with virtually no end.
How far will things go?
And will things ever be reset without a new American Revolution?
Courtesy post via SHTFPlan.com 


ARTICLE

Former National Guardsman turned Islamic State sympathizer Mohamed Jalloh of Sterling, Virginia pled to guilty in federal court Thursday to a terrorism charge related to a July arrested during an FBI sting operation.
Jalloh, a 27 year old naturalized citizen from Sierra Leone was arrested on July 3rd as part of an FBI counterterrorism operation in which he had communicated to a federal informant that he was interested in participating in a 'Fort Hood ' style attack.
Jalloh was apprehended by federal agents after purchasing a Stag Arms rifle at a Virginia arms dealer that had been rendered inoperable as part of the operation.
According to the U.S. Attorney's office , authorities discovered during their operation that Jalloh was attempting to provide material support to the Islamic State by 'assisting in the procurement of weapons' to be used in an attack on U.S. soil.
Following his arrest, Jalloh admitted to traveling to Africa to join the Islamic State, adding that he had quit the National Guard after listening to online lectures from deceased al-Qaeda leader Anwar al-Aulaqi.
Via Justice.Gov 
…in March 2016, a now-deceased member of ISIL brokered an introduction between Jalloh, 26, of Sterling, Virginia, and an individual in the United States who actually was an FBI confidential human source (CHS). The ISIL member was actively plotting an attack in the United States and believed the attack would be carried out with the assistance of Jalloh and the CHS.
…Jalloh stated that he recently had taken a six-month trip to Africa, where he had met with ISIL members in Nigeria and first began communicating online with the ISIL member who later brokered his introduction to the CHS.
During their meeting, Jalloh also told the CHS that he often thought about conducting an attack and that he knew how to shoot guns. Jalloh praised the gunman who killed five U.S. military members in a terrorist attack in Chattanooga, Tennessee, in July 2015, and stated that he had been thinking about conducting an attack similar to the November 2009 attack at Ft. Hood, Texas.
During the May 2016 meeting, Jalloh asked the CHS about the timeline for an operation and commented that it was better to plan an operation for the month of Ramadan. Jalloh also asked if the CHS could assist him in providing a donation to ISIL. Ultimately, Jalloh provided a prepaid cash transfer of $500 to a contact of the CHS that Jalloh believed was a member of ISIL, but who was in fact an undercover FBI employee.
During federal court Thursday Jalloh's attorney , Joe Flood, stated that the defense plans to ' provide context ' during a February sentencing hearing in an effort to explain the defendant's actions and what lead to his decisions.
Jalloh currently faces up to 20 years in federal prison.


ARTICLE

Will the 2016 election be rigged?
That depends on what the definition of 'is' is – and whether or not you count blatant media bias, operatives and instigators, shady quasi-voters, bizarre electronic voting 'errors' and a heavy-handed advantage in the electoral college and the shifting demographics of a socialist state that promises much to certain groups.
With the GOP leadership turning its back on Trump, and the Democratic machine dedicated solely to providing for Her, it will be a difficult win for Trump, despite overwhelming enthusiasm at rallies across the entire country and lop-sided pro-Trump crowds that literally dwarf pro-Hillary gatherings of very few.
But as most everyone knows by now, it isn't the popular vote that counts – but only the delegates awarded state-by-state to the electoral college… and that is a game that Hillary's operatives are very good at playing.
Daily News Brief: The 2016 Election Is In The Process Of Being Stolen With Rigged Voting Machines 

There are several states – in particular – that are being surprisingly maneuvered for her advantage… and if successful, will block Trump from even coming close the presidency.
Texas Could Turn 'Blue' For the First Time In 20 Years
This is the big enchilada, so to speak. For the first time in many decades, Texas is in play for Hillary and the Democrats. Texas has been as solidly 'red' as any state in the union, but 2016 could be different.
With 38 electoral votes, the Lone Star State is the biggest prize on the map next to California, whose 55 electoral votes have gone to the Democrats since before history began. Since at least 2008, the Dems have been massaging their electioneering strategy to capitalize on shifting demographics – with plenty of Hispanics in the next generation of voters. On paper, Hillary should be able to play well to Hispanics with all the controversy over Trump's immigration stances and talk of a border wall. Rumors of illegal immigrants be encouraged to vote could be a crucial factor, with polls in Texas close to neck and neck… it could go either way.

Of course, there is every reason to think that Team Hillary is not taking any chances.
As Michael Snyder and many others have reported , electronic voting machines have been mysteriously flipping votes for Hillary in several counties in Texas… and that doesn't bode well for a massive electoral prize that is within range for her campaign:
Early voting has already begun in many states, and a number of voters in Texas are reporting that the voting machines switched their votes from Donald Trump to Hillary Clinton. The odd thing is that none of the other choices were affected when these individuals attempted to vote for a straight Republican ticket. If Hillary Clinton is declared the winner of the state of Texas on election night, a full investigation of these voting machines should be conducted, because there is no way that Donald Trump should lose that state. I have said that it will be the greatest miracle in U.S. political history if Donald Trump wins this election, but without the state of Texas Donald Trump has exactly zero chance of winning.
At least one county is making an emergency switch to paper ballots after irregularities were found with the electronic machines during early voting.
Meanwhile, Infowars confronted the head of Texas' elections about his decision to violate voter laws and abandon a manual count of a random sampling of 1-3% of votes (which should theoretically reflect the larger voting trend, unless something is fishy). Without that count, there is less accountability than ever:

This is major issue, and Texas isn't the only state… just the biggest.
2. Utah's Independent Republican Could Actually Beat Trump 
OK, so Utah only has a grand total of 6 electoral college votes… and has never been a decisive swing state in a presidential election. But that is because the state has been so solidly 'red.' However, this election is totally different.
A little known independent candidate named Evan McMullin has actually taken the lead in several recent polls in Utah, and is neck-and-neck with both Trump and Hillary in several other polls (at or around 30% apiece). Libertarian Gary Johnson is also playing (relatively) well at about 5% – possibly enough to swing further momentum away form Trump.
But Evan McMullin is the real surprise hit – in a state that is suddenly considered an important battleground in the election.

McMullin is a Mormon, which gives him a significant boost. He is officially tied to Better for America, which is basically a #NeverTrump operation – backed by neocons like William Kristol. Perhaps unsurprisingly, Evan McMullin has a pretty colorful and telling background : on top of being a former policy director for House Republicans, he's also a former CIA operations officer; a member of the elite think tank Council on Foreign Relations (CFR); a former Goldman Sachs investment banker and a volunteer refugee resettlement officer for the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees in Jordan.
Wow! I wonder if there could be an agenda there. Hillary probably won't win Utah, but Trump may not either – and it could make a crucial difference if he is within striking distance of 270 electoral votes.
3. Florida Is a Must Win Swing State for Trump… But Current Polls Show Possible Hillary Win 
Oh boy… Florida all over again. With 29 electoral votes, it remains a major contender that is so often on the fence and swinging in the wind. It is considered essential for a Trump victory, and indeed for just about any successful Republican bid for the presidency.
Sure, we all know the polls are rigged, and may be oversampling Dems to look better for Hillary on paper – but nonetheless, that perception drives expectations.
If She can create a convincing win there, it could change the course of the election once again. Florida has consistently been the closest outcome – in 2008 and 2012 it went blue for Obama; in 2000 and 2004 it went red for Bush (and not without major controversy and some very shady recounting).
Her team is pushing heavily for early voting in Florida, and so far they claim an early voting advantage.
But campaign surrogate Roger Stone is now reporting that Hillary has met secretly with Broward County officials in Florida, and there is speculation that problems with the voting machines may soon be happening all over again.

Pay very close to what happens there, because of course, Florida could be THE deciding state (again). Right now polls are within 2 points , currently in favor of Trump by a very narrow margin.
4. Colorado Has Known Voting Fraud Issues – With Dead People on the Voter Rolls 
With 9 electoral votes, Colorado is currently swinging 'blue' but could go either way. CBS4 and the Washington Times reported that an investigation was started by Colorado's Secretary of State after multiple examples were found of deceased people registered and in the voter rolls:
'This is the kind of thing you hear rumored, joked about in Chicago, that kind of thing,' Mr. Maasssaid during a Thursday evening broadcast. 'Tonight, that changes. We did find voter fraud in Colorado that essentially waters down your vote.' 
[…] 
'This is the kind of thing you hear rumored, joked about in Chicago, that kind of thing,' Mr. Maasssaid during a Thursday evening broadcast. 'Tonight, that changes. We did find voter fraud in Colorado that essentially waters down your vote.' 
It's not clear whether or not Colorado could make a difference in the outcome, but the results could prove suspect.
5. Hillary Is 'Leading' In These Key Swing States 
While Trump is expected to win the crucial state of Ohio, and also North Carolina, Hillary is projected to take key states including Pennsylvania, Colorado, Iowa, Virginia and Arizona.
According to the Washington Post :
if Clinton can hold Virginia, Pennsylvania, and Colorado, then she only needs one more out of many swing states — New Hampshire, Nevada, Ohio, Iowa, North Carolina, or Florida — barring any surprise Trump win in a blue-leaning state like Wisconsin. That is currently looking very plausible. 
While any of these could change in the actual outcome, it shows that Hillary has definitely maneuvered to win where it counts – not with the people, but with the electoral college.
The details are too numerous to follow here, and anything could happen.
6. You Know Voter Fraud Is Happening If the Media Claim It Isn't 
What should be very telling to everyone is how loudly the major media – in concert – are trying to debunk Trump's claims of voter fraud and insist that all is well when it is quite clear that there are major issues.

This is one claim that the system is very afraid of, because quite frankly, they have a great deal to hide.
There is more reason than ever for accountability, reporting on any irregularities and an insistence that the will of the people be respected – because the system is desperate to hold onto control at any cost.
Courtesy post via SHTFPlan.com 


ARTICLE

In what is being hailed as a ' truly astonishing ' verdict, a jury has found 7 Malheur National Wildlife Refuge occupiers 'not guilty' of federal conspiracy charges stemming from a weeks long standoff with the Bureau of Land Management in Burns, Oregon earlier this year.
Thursday, the Oregon jury ruled in favor of the defense who argued that the six week standoff led by the infamous Bundy brother's was a constitutionally protected act of protest against the treatment of two imprisoned Oregon ranchers.
For those unfamiliar with the case, here is a brief recap:
January 2016 – Militia members from across the country began a six week long armed protest at the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge in protest over the arrests of ranchers Dwight and Steven Hammond who were accused of arson after lighting a controlled burn on their private property.
The federal government alleged that the controlled burn which was started on the Hammond's property grow out of control and subsequently damaged federal lands outside of the ranch's property line.
Following the government's decision to prosecute the Hammond's for arson, a protest in the town of Burns took place which ultimately lead to the seizure of the refuge by militia members.
Via OregonLive 
A jury Thursday delivered a stunning across-the-board acquittal to the leaders and participants in the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge occupation and a remarkable blow to the federal government as it tries to tamp down a national movement led by a Nevada family to open public lands to ranchers, miners and loggers.
The verdicts finding Ammon Bundy, older brother Ryan Bundy and five others not guilty of a federal conspiracy drew elation from defense attorneys who spent five weeks arguing that the armed takeover amounted to a time-honored tradition of First Amendment protest and civil disobedience.
'Maybe this is a lesson that that's not the way to engage with these people, who want nothing more than just to be heard, just to have a forum to talk about the injustices like the case of the Hammonds and the treatment of ranchers,' said Lisa Ludwig, standby counsel for Ryan Bundy.
The high-profile case riveted the state and drew national and international attention to the isolated bird sanctuary in rural eastern Oregon. The jury's decision proved no less dramatic and sets up a showdown in the next stage of the land-rights movement.
The Bundy brothers still face prosecution in Nevada with their father, Cliven Bundy, all accused in the 2014 standoff at the patriarch's ranch over unpaid grazing fees that pitted the family and their supporters against federal Bureau of Land Management agents.


ARTICLE

The Clinton email scandal has taken an unexpected twist Friday as Federal Bureau of Investigation Director James Comey notified key members of Congress that the agency will be reopening their investigation against former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton.
In a letter to Congress, Comey wrote that the FBI has recently ' learned of the existence of emails that appear to be pertinent to the investigation' regarding Clinton's use of a private server during her tenure at the State Department.
While Comey did not elaborate on what those emails contain, the director that the emails were discovered 'in connection with an unrelated case.' 
Via FoxNews 
He told lawmakers the investigative team briefed him on the information a day earlier, 'and I agreed that the FBI should take appropriate investigative steps designed to allow investigators to review these emails to determine whether they contain classified information, as well as to assess their importance to our investigation.'
He said the FBI could not yet assess whether the new material is significant and he could not predict how long it will take to complete 'this additional work.'
Trump, speaking to cheering supporters Friday afternoon in Manchester, N.H., praised the FBI for having the 'courage' to 'right the horrible mistake that they made' – saying he hopes that is 'corrected.'
'Hillary Clinton's corruption is on a scale we have never seen before,' Trump said. 'We must not let her take her criminal scheme into the Oval Office.'
In a nod to the significance of the FBI's announcement, Trump quipped: 'The rest of my speech is going to be so boring.'
We will continue to update as new details surface. 


ARTICLE

Following news of FBI Director James Comey's decision to reopen the investigation into Hillary Clinton's use of a private email server during her tenure at the State Department, federal law enforcement officials have come forward with new details on recently discovered evidence in the case.
More on this: DEVELOPING: FBI Reopens Investigation into Clinton Emails After New 'Pertinent' Evidence Discovered 
While Director Comey declined to provide specific details on what the newly discovered Clinton emails contained, federal law enforcements officials speaking under anonymity have explained that the emails were found on the personal devices of Clinton aide Huma Abedin and disgraced former Congressman Anthony Weiner.
The discovery came as part of investigation into yet another Weiner 'sexting' scandal, this time after he was alleged to have been engaging in sexually explicit conversations with an underage female.
More on the latest Weiner scandal: 'Carlos Danger' Strikes Again: New Reports Allege Anthony Weiner Knowingly Engaged in Sexually Explicit Conversations with 15 Year Old Female Online 
As reported by the New York Times, authorities discovered 'pertinent' emails related to the Clinton investigation on personal electronic devices belonging to Abedin and Weiner that had been seized by investigators as part of the investigation in Weiner's alleged inappropriate conversations with a child.
Via NYT 
Federal law enforcement officials said Friday that the new emails uncovered in the closed investigation into Hillary Clinton 's use of a private email server were discovered after the F.B.I. seized electronic devices belonging to Huma Abedin, an aide to Mrs. Clinton, and her husband, Anthony Weiner.
The F.B.I. told Congress that it had uncovered new emails related to the closed investigation into whether Mrs. Clinton or her aides had mishandled classified information, potentially reigniting an issue that has weighed on the presidential campaign and offering a lifeline to Donald J. Trump less than two weeks before the election.
More via FoxNews 
Watch the latest video at video.foxnews.com 
We will continue to update as new details surface.


ARTICLE

( ANTIMEDIA ) If you had happened to Google the term 'pathological lying' on Sunday evening, you would have been met with none other than the bright, smiling face of presidential hopeful Hillary Clinton. Before Wikipedia administrators put a temporary lock on the entry early Monday morning, the top Google result for the term was a link to the Wiki article displaying Clinton's photo, along with the following quote defining pathological lying:

'It is a stand-alone disorder as well as a symptom of other disorders such as psychopathy and antisocial, narcissistic, and histrionic personality disorders, but people who are pathological liars may not possess characteristics of the other disorders. Excessive lying is a common symptom of several mental disorders.' 
The revision history of the entry shows the picture of Clinton was originally added to the 'pathological lying' Wikipedia article on the morning of October 29th, but it wasn't until the next night that the ever-vigilant internet community took notice and excitedly spread the word on Facebook and Twitter . Check out the Google Trends report for 'pathological lying' below:

Unsurprisingly, most reactions were supportive of the alteration to the Wikipedia article, once again showing the public's general distrust of the presidential candidate. A poll conducted by Quinnipiac University last year asked voters to say the first thing that came to mind when they thought of Hillary Clinton. The most popular response was 'liar,' followed by 'dishonest' and 'untrustworthy.' Maybe if the biggest names in journalism weren't outright colluding with Hillary's campaign , that poll would have been more widely reported. Maybe.
Due to the fact major media corporations are completely ignoring the corruption surrounding the Clinton campaign, it has been left to Wikileaks, independent media outlets, and the social media community to push this information into the public eye. Just a week away from the election, new evidence was discovered that prompted the FBI to announce they have reopened the criminal investigation into Hillary's private email server.
With Republican nominee Donald Trump scheduled to appear in court to face rape allegations, there is a high possibility the next president of the United States will be facing criminal charges before they're even inaugurated. If nothing else, this election cycle is proving that people want truth — and they'll get creative to expose it.
Courtesy post via Josie Wales and theAntiMedia.org. 


ARTICLE

Who can argue with this young lady's speech?
Watch as she totally destroys Hillary Clinton:
I bet if Donald Trump had a brick for every lie Hillary has told he could build two walls. 
…
As a thirteen year old even I know Hillary Clinton is working for her own success and ways to control my life, my family's life and your lives… She wants to make it Hillary's America… not The Peoples' America.

Hattip Gateway Pundit 
Courtesy post via SHTFPlan.com


ARTICLE

As the nation struggles to understand the motive behind the ambush-style executions of two Iowa police officers, a woman claiming to be the daughter of the alleged shooter has come forward on social media explaining that mental illness played a factor in the heartbreaking case.
While few details surrounding the shootings have been released, it is being reported that 46-year-old Scott Michael Greene has been arrested in connection with the horrific attacks which claimed the lives of Urbandale officer Justin Martin and Des Moines PD Sgt. Anthony 'Tony' Beminio.
The situation began to unfold Wednesday morning after law enforcement received a report of shots fired around 1am. Reportedly, after officers arrived on scene of the disturbance it was discovered that Urbandale officer Martin had been executed while sitting in his patrol car. Roughly 20 minutes after grizzly discovery of slain Officer Martin, authorities found a second victim. Approximately 2 miles away from the location of first reported shooting, authorities found Des Moines PD Sgt. Beminio deceased in his patrol car.
Authorities later announced that they had arrested the suspected shooter identified as Greene without incident in the area of West Des Moines. Greene was said to have been on foot at the time of capture and surrendered to a Department of Natural Resources officer willingly.
Des Moines police Sgt. Paul Parizek told media that 'In all appearances it looks just like… these officers were ambushed, ' adding that it did not look like there was any ' interaction ' between the deceased officers and the suspected shooter.
Following the release of the suspected shooter's identity, Sammie Greene posted an image on social media with the message: ' #Scott'sLifeMatters '
Via FB 
In the comment section of the post, Sammie wrote her 'condolences ' to the families of the victims and stated that her father 'was very very sick mentally.' 
More on the possible motivation behind the shootings via Heavy.com :
A man named Scott Greene, who matches the description of the suspect, recorded himself being kicked out of a football game in Urbandale, Iowa, on October 14, 2016.
The Urbandale School District confirmed to the Des Moines Register that a man named Scott Greene was removed from the football stadium that day. The stadium is at the same intersection where the Urbandale police officer was killed Wednesday morning, the newspaper reports.
Greene also posted a 10-second video featuring only a still photo showing him in the stands of the high school holding American and Confederate flags. You can see that photo above.
In the comments of one of the videos , Greene wrote, 'I was offended by the blacks sitting through our anthem. Thousands more whites fought and died for their freedom. However this is not about the Armed forces, they are cop haters.'
He titled the second video, which you can watch below, 'Police Abuse, Civil Rights Violation at Urbandale High School.'

'This is an assault on a person exercising his constitution rights on free speech!' he wrote in the description.
The 10-minute video shows Greene after he was removed from the stadium, interacting with Des Moines and Urbandale police officers who are trying to get him to leave the area.
It begins with officers telling Greene to leave for 'committing a disturbance in the stands.' He asks them repeatedly, 'Have I committed a crime?'
He also accuses an officer of 'assaulting' him by 'grabbing' him and 'shoving' him around.
We will continue to update as new details surface. 


ARTICLE

A military commander of the Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps has reportedly told the country's state controlled media that Iran will soon be sending elite forces into the United States and Europe in an effort to thwart potential plots against the rogue Islamic Republic.
As the Washington Free Beacon has reported, the commander stated that at the direction of Supreme Leader Ali Khamenei, the IRGC will soon send their elite forces to operate in both the US and Europe under the goal of bolstering Iran's hardline regime.
'The IRGC is [the] strong guardian of the Islamic Republic… The Fedayeen of Velayat [fighting force] are under the order of Iran's Supreme leader. Defending and protecting the Velayat [the Supreme Leader] has no border and limit.' Salar Abnoush, deputy coordinator of Iran's Khatam-al-Anbia Garrison stated.
Abnoush's provocative comments come at a time where Iran is actively upgrading their military hardware and attempting to strengthen their presence throughout the Middle East with funds provided by the Obama Administration.
Via Washington Free Beacon 
'The whole world should know that the IRGC will be in the U.S. and Europe very soon,' Salar Abnoush, deputy coordinator of Iran's Khatam-al-Anbia Garrison, an IRGC command front, was quoted as saying in an Iranian state-controlled publication closely tied to the IRGC.
Iranian military and government officials have continued to advocate violence against the U.S. and its allies, despite the nuclear deal and several secret side agreements that gave Iran $1.7 billion in cash.
Iran accuses the U.S. of violating its end of the agreement by not helping the Islamic Republic gain further access to international banks and other markets.
'Our enemies have several projects to destroy our Islamic revolution, and have waged three wars against us to execute their plans against our Islamic Republic,' Abnoush said. 'The IRGC has defeated enemies in several fronts. The enemy surrendered and accepted to negotiate with us.'
'And now all of our problems are being solved and our country is becoming stronger in all fronts. Some believe the holy defense ended,' the military leader added. 'They are wrong; the holy defense continues, and today, it is more complicated than before.'
Another source who advises congressional leaders on Iran sanctions issues told the Free Beacon that the Obama administration is blocking Congress from taking action to stop this type of infiltration by Iranian forces.
'Iran is ideologically, politically, and militarily committed to exporting the Islamic revolution through terrorism, which is why even the Obama administration says they're the world's foremost state sponsor of terrorism,' the source said. 'Congress wants to act, but Obama officials keep saying that new laws are unnecessary because the U.S. has enough tools to block Iranian terror expansion. Instead of using those tools, though, they're sending Iran billions of dollars in cash while Iran plants terror cells in Europe and here at home.'


ARTICLE

I'm running on about an hour and a half of sleep and my nails are damn near chewed to the bone. This because, as a diehard Cubs fan, I was up until nearly 1:00 AM working to come to grips with what I had just witnessed. Once I finally went to bed I found myself tossing and turning so at 3:30 I said screw it… I'm heading to the office.
My beloved Cubbies had just won the World Series, defeating the Cleveland Indians in what is likely to go down as one of the most EPIC game 7 battles in the history of professional baseball. The Cubs haven't won a World Series since 1908, making this Championship something we Cubs fans could only dream about until it actually happened last night.
As prediction hub FiveThirtyEight put it just a few days ago… the chances were slim. How slim? Slimmer than the odds of Trump winning next Tuesday.

An impossible scenario just become very possible. And fortunately for America, another seemingly impossible scenario is now suddenly started to look very possible.
A Hillary Clinton indictment is now likely .
This coming via FBI sources telling Fox News host Bret Baier that the FBI is moving towards what is 'likely an indictment.'
Baier's report includes the following key points .
1. The Clinton Foundation investigation is far more expansive than anybody has reported so far and has been going on for more than a year.
2. The laptops of Clinton aides Cherryl Mills and Heather Samuelson have not been destroyed, and agents are currently combing through them. The investigation has interviewed several people twice, and plans to interview some for a third time.
3. Agents have found emails believed to have originated on Hillary Clinton's secret server on Anthony Weiner's laptop. They say the emails are not duplicates and could potentially be classified in nature.
4. Sources within the FBI have told him that an indictment is 'likely' in the case of pay-for-play at the Clinton Foundation, 'barring some obstruction in some way' from the Justice Department.
5. FBI sources say with 99% accuracy that Hillary Clinton's server has been hacked by at least five foreign intelligence agencies, and that information had been taken from it.
That's a pretty strong case for indictment. Of course, the corrupted DOJ can still do everything in its power to block justice, but it now appears the FBI is throwing DOJ demands out the window.
Gonna be an interesting few days ahead, folks. For those of us who are Cubs fans and news junkies sleep is not on the agenda.


ARTICLE

Last week our 2016 electoral projection map had Trump at 235 electoral votes and Clinton at 230. Today's update includes several state category changes that benefit Trump should they play out as projected on election day next Tuesday. 
The following changes are reflected in the new projections. Utah moves from toss up to Trump New Hampshire moves from Clinton to toss up Virginia moves from Clinton to toss up Michigan moves from Clinton to toss up Ohio moves from toss up to Trump 
UTAH 
While long shot candidate Evan McMullin has proven to be a thorn in Trump's side in Utah, all polls now indicate Trump will end up triumphant on election day. The media is hyping Utah in an attempt to cast a negative light on Trump's overall standing with more conservative GOP voters, but there is no solid evidence McMullin will actually pull off a win. 
We strongly believe Trump will ultimately win Utah and have moved this state into the Trump corner accordingly. 
NEW HAMPSHIRE 
New polling out of New Hampshire has Trump and Clinton tied, with the latest poll showing Trump at +3. There is no early voting in New Hampshire so we don't have a sense of where things stand in terms of turnout. 
With no early turnout data and tightening polls we've decided to move New Hampshire back into toss up territory. 
VIRGINIA 
Perhaps the most surprising move is Virginia. Of all the states we're watching in the toss up column, Virginia is probably the toughest pick up for Trump. The big government vote in northern Virginia is a mountain not easily climbed for a Republican candidate. 
Clinton has a lot of advantages in Virginia. There are wide spread reports of voter fraud in favor of Clinton, the northern Virginia blue vote will be a huge benefit and her running mate Tim Kaine has deep organization across the state. 
That said, Clinton should be dominating in the polls and instead they're tightening across Virginia in ways they shouldn't all things considered. On October 19th Clinton lead in the average by nearly 10%. That lead has been cut to just 4.7%, nearly within the margin of error. 
MICHIGAN 
Our sources in Michigan are telling us Trump is gaining massive steam in the state. It's all about turnout and according to FiveThirtyEight if the popular vote is within 2 points Donald Trump has a 40% chance of picking off Michigan. 
On October 18th the Fox 2 Detroit poll had Clinton up by 13%. Two days ago that same poll had Clinton up by 3%, a lead that sits within the margin of error. 
OHIO 
In pretty much all polls for Ohio over the past several weeks Donald Trump has consistently held a 5% advantage. This plus the fact that there has not been a major poll released after the bombshell FBI news has us confident Ohio is now in Trump's favor. 
If our projection holds, Trump only needs 11 electoral votes for victory at the 270 mark. And as you can see below, there are a plethora of ways he can accomplish that. All of them, however, are very challenging. 
That challenge exists for Clinton as well. 
Note : Our projection is based on corrected sample weight for a broad variety of polling combined with early voting statistics. CURRENT PROJECTED ELECTORAL VOTE STANDINGS HILLARY CLINTON DONALD TRUMP 259 ELECTORAL VOTES 
Note: Orange denotes states that cannot yet be projected. Hover over each state to reveal electoral vote counts. AL

ARTICLE

by LN Buzz Team 
News is now breaking about how it appears the FBI's primary focus on Clinton surrounds the Clinton Foundation. Specifically, the pay-to-play scheme that was being run through the Foundation while Hillary was head of the State Department. 
Senator Tom Cotton from Arkansas joined Fox & Friends this morning and he didn't hold back. He absolutely unloaded both barrels. 
Here's the quote followed by video: 
The more we learn about the Clinton Foundation's operations, whether it's from the book Clinton Cash, or Bret Baier's reporting or The Wall Street Journal's reporting, the more it becomes clearer that the Clinton Foundation may be the world's largest money laundering and influence-peddling operation. In fact, with two investigations swirling around Hillary Clinton both the email investigation and the Clinton Foundation investigation, I think it may become clear that those are really the same controversy. One reason why Hillary Clinton probably went and set up a private email server was so she could advance her pay-for-play agenda at the State Department with Clinton Foundation donors giving perks and benefits to dictators and shady oligarchs all around the world. . @SenTomCotton : The Clinton Foundation may be the world's largest money laundering and influence-peddling operation pic.twitter.com/wP8COKjFQN 
— FOX & Friends (@foxandfriends) November 3, 2016 Previous Story LibertyNEWS Daily Electoral Projection Tracking Map Now ... 0

ARTICLE

all 30,000 of the 'missing' Hillary emails are on Weiner's laptop, plus hundreds of thousands more that were deliberately ditched and we never knew existed in the first place, evidencing not only lying about the content of the 30,000 emails but the existence of hundreds of thousands more?
What if among the authenticated email traffic is John Podesta saying, just days before the Clinton campaign was compelled to produce said material they they had to 'dump those emails', apparently proving intent to obstruct justice?
What if all of the emails that came from big public cloud providers are provably, to a near-forensic standard, to be exactly as WikiLeaks has presented them and could not have been tampered with because those providers digitally sign every email that comes from them and those signatures all validate back against those cloud providers, and those emails are thus in fact already known to be authentic?
What if the evidence on that laptop adds to the already known fact that Bill Clinton took a number of trips on Epstein's 'Lolita Express' aircraft, some of them after dismissing his Secret Service detail, and implicates what was about to, or did, happen on those trips?
What if the evidence on that laptop shows that Hillary was present on at least one of those trips and either knew about or participated in those acts?
What if the evidence shows that the Clinton Foundation operated as a major pay-to-play operation and national security interests were implicated such as, for example, in the sale of uranium to the Russians. 
What if some of the 'pay to play' activity involves nations we have a sketchy relationship with or even those that are under some sort of active embargo, but the Foundation was able to 'get around'?
What if these 'pay to play' activities implicate federal Racketeering and/or bribery statutes?
What if some of the 'pay to play' activity involves nations that have been implicated in international Muslim terrorism, arguably therefore rising to the act of treason since by our own government's own statements we are in a war against said international terrorism?
What if the Clintons actively conspired with Loretta Lynch to obstruct the ongoing investigations including but not limited to Bill Clinton's 'chat about family matters' aboard Lynch's aircraft, a meeting for which no minutes or recording has been produced for the public?
What if for the first time in known history of FBI and DOJ investigations of such serious conduct with national security implications utterly nobody was served with a subpoena, nobody had evidence seized and material witnesses were allowed to corroborate and be present when others were testifying, and those acts were undertaken by the DOJ for the explicit purpose of both crippling the investigation and preventing a Grand Jury from seeing and judging the evidence in the case?
What if the FBI Deputy Director who headed up — and is still in charge of — the Hillary email server investigation has a wife who received nearly $700,000 in political contributions from a major Clinton operative and yet despite this clear and publicly-known conflict of interest has not recused himself or been forced to step aside? 
What if James Comey was browbeaten into making a public announcement that was beyond his legal authority (that 'no reasonable prosecutor' would indict) through political pressure but upon being presented with the new evidence on Weiner's laptop he couldn't stand by his previous decision because this new evidence made him sick to his stomach, convinced him that the damage to this nation was so severe that we might not survive it — or both? 
What if it turns out that Hillary's campaign cheated multiple times during the primary season when it came to being fed debate questions and other means of tampering with the primary election process, denying her primary opponent a fair election?
What if Hillary should have never been nominated in the first place due to her cheating in the primaries and the race should be 'Trump .vs. Sanders'? What does that say about the legitimacy of the upcoming election if one candidate on the ballot cheated to get there and is thus not legitimately entitled to stand for election in the general at all? 
What if the evidence shows how people 'divested' and transferred financial interest in foreign firms so as to evade federal reporting requirements that would have otherwise triggered scrutiny on some of the Foundation's deals?
What if Friday afternoon comes and goes, Saturday, Sunday and Monday come and go, all or a sufficiently-damning group of the above turn out to be true and as a result the person who was at the center of all of these things stands to be able to pardon herself and everyone else associated with what would be, quite-arguably, the most outrageous series of acts of public corruption in our nation's history? 
That we are here, just a few days before an election, that we have a DOJ that has actively obstructed the investigation for at least months if not longer and has a history of doing this during Obama's Presidency, including I remind you with 'Fast-n-Furious' where a whole bunch of people got killed as a result of our government's illegal gun-running is an outrage.
The only thing more-outrageous than what has already happened would be if we were to get to Monday night, on the eve of voting, and all of those 'What Ifs' up above remained unanswered.
Oh wait, I tricked you and I admit it — some of those 'what ifs' — including some truly damning ones — have already been answered in the affirmative. 
If you know the answers to any of the remaining questions — not a belief of what the answers might be but you are in possession of hard facts that prove any of the above, either in the positive or negative, you have a duty to this Republic and the people in it to make those answers known. 
If you do not then you stand as equally responsible for every 'Yes' answer that is ultimately proved, and the harm that comes to this Republic as a consequence. 
Originally posted at Market Ticker .


ARTICLE

Set the contents of Hillary's emails aside for a moment. For this story let's look at obstruction of justice.
You see, federal obstruction of justice in and of itself is a felony that carries a prison sentence of up to 5 years.
Why is that relevant here? Well, Hillary Clinton and her inner circle told federal investigators all emails were turned over to the FBI. That would be fine and dandy if it were true.
But according to CBS it isn't.
. @CBSNews confirms FBI found emails on #AnthonyWeiner computer, related to Hillary Clinton server, that are "new" & not previously reviewed.
— Paula Reid (@PaulaReidCBS) November 3, 2016 

CBS news confirms the FBI has emails from Weiner's computer that had not been previously reviewed . 
In other words, those emails were never handed over to the FBI. This after Clinton and her team claimed all emails were handed over. 
What we have brewing here is both a lie and what appears to be blatant obstruction of justice. 


ARTICLE

A candidate under FBI investigation? Check.
A candidate who may have let top secret/classified emails land on the laptop of disgraced former Democrat Congressman Anthony Weiner's laptop? Check.
A Republican campaign willing to wrap it all up in a brutal final weekend TV ad for battleground states? Check.
This is gonna leave a mark.



ARTICLE

Future45 PAC veered off the beaten path this week and took a road less traveled in terms of political ads slamming Hillary Clinton. Instead of using dark video with deep scary voices, Future45 tells the story of corruption and pay-to-play through hip hop.
The video was just published to YouTube and we suspect it will go viral fairly quickly. Whether or not it's airing on TV is not yet known, but the video has potential to be seen by a huge audience online and may not need TV to be effective for election day.
Thoughts?



ARTICLE

Following the shooting death of 28-year-old armed robbery suspect Michael Renard Grace Jr., surviving family members are now speaking out and demanding answers as to why a restaurant employee would have been allowed to carry a firearm at their place of business.
As if the idea of a robbery victim fighting back in self defense were something completely unfathomable, the deceased suspect's parents are calling his death undeserved and unjustified. 
Predictably, Temia Hairston and Michael Grace Sr. told media outlet WBTV that even though their son walked into the Charlotte area Pizza Hut intent on robbing the business with two other armed men, was it just 'an act of desperation ' and that they do not believe he would have hurt anyone.
Image of Michael Grace Jr. via WISTV 
'Why in the hell did this guy have a gun?' Hairston stated to WBTV… This is despite the fact that the most glaring and obvious possible answer to that question is that the employee carried a firearm for exactly this type of scenario. But I digress.
Via WISTV 
Police said Grace Jr and two other people tried to rob a Pizza Hut in the 3200 block of Freedom Drive. During the incident, an employee fired his own handgun and killed Grace Jr.
'If there was to be a death, it was not the place of the employee at Pizza Hut. That is the place of law enforcement,' said Hairston.
They said Grace Jr had fallen on hard times and resorted to crime to provide for his own child. They also said their son used to work at the same Pizza Hut restaurant where the robbery happened. They maintain he never would have physically hurt anyone during the robbery.
She said her son was shot in the head, and she thinks the shooting may have even been personal…
Sounds more like an individual with proper firearms training to me, but yeah, of course defending your own life is personal.
The family said they want Pizza Hut to release more information about the situation and acknowledge that their son used to be a Pizza Hut employee.
Hairston said she thinks the employee who shot her son needs to be in jail, and wants all parties involved in the situation to be honest about what happened.
The employee involved has reportedly been placed on leave. Pizza Hut released the following statement:
'The local Pizza Hut franchisee is fully cooperating with the Charlotte Police Department as they continue their investigation, but want to stress that the security of its staff is of utmost concern. They are providing support to the team members involved to ensure their health and well-being following this incident. The employee involved in the shooting has been placed on a leave of absence following further review.' 
Thoughts on this? Let us know in the comment section below.


ARTICLE

This is not a close call.
It is not a judgement call.
It is not subject to interpretation.
It is a flat-out criminal offense. 
As secretary of state, Hillary Clinton routinely asked her maid to print out sensitive government e-mails and documents — including ones containing classified information — from her house in Washington, DC, e-mails and FBI memos show. But the housekeeper lacked the security clearance to handle such material.
In fact, Marina Santos was called on so frequently to receive e-mails that she may hold the secrets to E-mailgate — if only the FBI and Congress would subpoena her and the equipment she used.
It is a crime to knowingly, say much less intentionally, give access to classified information to someone who is not cleared to receive and handle it.
Santos also had access to a highly secure room called an SCIF (sensitive compartmented information facility) that diplomatic security agents set up at Whitehaven, according to FBI notes from an interview with Abedin.
From within the SCIF, Santos — who had no clearance — 'collected documents from the secure facsimile machine for Clinton,' the FBI notes revealed.
Just how sensitive were the papers Santos presumably handled? The FBI noted Clinton periodically received the Presidential Daily Brief — a top-secret document prepared by the CIA and other US intelligence agencies — via the secure fax. 
This is a second and even more serious federal crime. 
The PDB is one of the most-seriously classified (top secret) documents routinely prepared for the President; it contains up to the minute information relating to various events and activities all over the world.
It is also a crime to allow, through negligence or worse, intentional act, someone who is not cleared to have access to a SCIF.
There is no possible argument that Hillary can raise of 'retroactive' classification; that is, material that wasn't classified at the time she handed it, when it comes to the PDB since those are always classified.
That the FBI knew about this months ago, which is now a documented fact, and did not demand that Hillary be charged with myriad federal offenses related to said intentional and knowing conduct that threatened our national security is an outrage.
The FBI has now proved that it is not a law enforcement agency but in fact it is a rogue band of armed thugs acting in direct support of a person who they know has repeatedly and willingly, on a daily basis, violated long-standing Federal Law and in fact have documented in writing that she violated those laws and yet they have intentionally and knowingly refused to act to bring her to justice .
The FBI has documented in its own writing that it is an equally-guilty party to Hillary Clinton's willful and intentional violation of federal law as it pertains to the handling of classified information on a literal daily basis and thus can no longer be treated as a legitimate law enforcement or investigative agency by the people of the United States.
It does not matter what James Comey says; we are supposed to be a nation of laws and our Constitutional Republican form of government demands nothing less. When you declare a willingness to allow someone to violate the law with impunity you, and everyone who allows you in that position of authority to do so stand with them and in direct opposition to the Constitution of the United States. 
Originally posted at Market Ticker .


ARTICLE

Vince Foster is a name most of us probably haven't heard in a long time. Foster was Bill Clinton's Deputy White House Attorney, a man with intimate knowledge of the Clintons and their internal dealings while Clinton was in power during the 90's.
The official story is that Foster killed himself with a single gunshot in the mouth in a Virginia park. The unofficial story is that a second bullet wound existed in Foster's neck , a wound that would have been impossible in a suicide scenario.
In any event, the man often referred to as 'the man who knew too much' met his end in a very tragic way. And according to a conversation between two Stratfor intel officers, the Clinton's were involved in Foster's death.
This via WikiLeaks .

Stratfor is a high end publisher of intelligence reports for a wide range of customers. From their about page :
As the world's leading geopolitical intelligence platform, Stratfor brings valuable context to global events, empowering businesses, governments and individuals to more confidently navigate their way through an increasingly complex international environment. By leveraging a deep understanding of history, politics and geography in conjunction with our unique methodology, Stratfor delivers informed perspectives on today's events and develops a more accurate view of the future.
Founded 20-years ago on the idea that transformative world events are not random, but indeed predictable, Stratfor has grown into one of the most respected providers of predictive, strategic intelligence. Analysts distill massive amounts of open-source information and examine it through the lens of geopolitics to develop comprehensive, independent, unbiased and nonpartisan analysis that cuts through the noise to offer actionable insights.
Globally engaged individuals, Fortune 500 companies, universities and organizations across an array of industries turn to Stratfor for objective geopolitical intelligence, analysis and forecasting that reveals the underlying significance and future implications of emerging world events.
Of course, the leaked email provides no evidence or data to back up the claim. But it does make clear that certain members of the intelligence community believe, without a doubt, the Clinton's were involved in Foster's death.
 


ARTICLE

It is no secret that our military forces make great sacrifices to ensure our safety at home and abroad, however, our nation's four-legged often go forgotten. With this in mind, the Anaheim Ducks found a very special way to honor one K9 hero during Sunday night's game against the Calgary Flames.
As part of the Ducks 'Military Appreciation Night,' one very special bomb-sniffing German Shepherd was honored with the duty of dropping the ceremonial opening puck.
Watch below:

H/T SmokeRoom 


ARTICLE

A Nevada Congressional candidate is finding himself at the center of a legal controversy following the release of attack ads blaming infamous cattle rancher Cliven Bundy for the deaths of Las Vegas police officers Alyn Beck and Igor Soldo.
In response to the attack ads which depict Bundy's mugshot and allege that his 2014 standoff with the Bureau of Land Management led to 'the deaths of two Las Vegas police officers,' Bundy has filed a lawsuit calling the allegation nothing more than hateful and libelous rhetoric.
The ads which were released by Democratic candidate Ruben Kihuen's campaign take a huge leap attempting to blame Bundy for the deaths of the police officers by referencing an incident that followed two months after the standoff.
Kihuen is challenging U.S. Rep. Cresent Hardy (R) for his seat in Nevada Congressional District 4.
So why does Kihuen believe that Bundy is responsible for the murder of two police officers?
Via RJ … the Millers had visited the Bundy ranch at one point to join the protesters, but didn't fit in and left the group. The lawsuit says the Millers went to the ranch but never met or spoke to Bundy before they were forced to leave.
Bundy's lawsuit calls the mailer connecting Bundy's conflict to the police shootings as 'libelous' and complains that it exposes Bundy to 'hatred, contempt, ridicule and obloquy because it insinuates that (Bundy) orchestrated and promoted the disgraceful and disgusting acts of the killing of two local law enforcement officers.'
The lawsuit says the ads came in the forms of television ads and mailers.
…It shows a mugshot of Bundy and states: 'This man's armed standoff led to the deaths of two Las Vegas police officers.' The mailer adds: 'And he's supported by Congressman Hardy.'
Thoughts on this? Let us know in the comment section below.


ARTICLE

by LN Buzz Team 
The Clinton campaign was feeling the Bern after this one… 
After being asked to speak at a Hillary rally, Iowa State University's Students for Bernie chapter president Kaleb Vanfosson decided that instead of encouraging fellow Sanders supporters to vote Clinton, he would use the opportunity to attack the morally bankrupt candidate's ties to Wall Street in an epic fashion. 
'The only thing she cares about is pleasing her donors, the billionaires who fund her campaign. The only people that really trust Hillary are Goldman Sachs, CitiGroup can trust Hillary, the military industrial complex can trust Hillary. Her good friend Henry Kissinger can trust Hillary.' 
Watch below: 
Well played sir… Well played. Previous Story Infamous NV Rancher Cliven Bundy Sues Congressional ... 0

ARTICLE

What difference, at this point, does it make?' 
Remember those infamous and wretched words? Of course you do. We all do. Those were the words uttered by Hillary Clinton when she was desperately trying to spin her way through a committee hearing on Benghazi.
And as anyone not named Hillary Clinton or anyone not on her corrupt payroll knows, it makes a lot of difference . This because Americans died. They died at the hands of terrorists on Hillary's watch.
New information is now out about some of the individuals who were paid to guard/protect state department employees at the special missions compound where the terrorist attack occurred and it's not pretty. Turns out Hillary's state department spent $9.2 million on a contract for guards, many of whom turned out to be the very terrorists who attacked the compound, killing our ambassador and other Americans in the process.
Via Fox News .
'Many of the local Libyans who attacked the consulate on the night of Sept. 11, 2012, were the actual guards that the State Department under Hillary Clinton hired to protect the Consulate in Benghazi,' Tiegen told Fox News. 'The guards were unvetted and were locals with basically no background at all in providing security. Most of them never had held a job in security in the past.
'Blue Mountain Libya, at the time of being awarded the contract by our State Department, had no employees so they quickly had to find people to work, regardless of their backgrounds,' he said.
One former guard who witnessed the attack, Weeam Mohamed, confirmed in an email sent to the Citizens Commission on Benghazi and obtained by Fox News, that at least four of the guards hired by Blue Mountain took part in the attack after opening doors to allow their confederates in.
'In the U.S. Mission, there were four people [who] belonged to the battalion February 17,' Mohamed wrote to the Commission, an independent body formed with Accuracy in Media to investigate the attack and the administration's handling of it.
Again, it makes a lot of difference.


ARTICLE

Monday, an Ohio man identified as 20-year-old Aaron T. Daniels was arrested at Columbus International Airport as he attempted to board a flight in hopes of joining the Islamic State.
According to Federal prosecutors, Daniels who also known to authorities by the names Harun Muhammad and Abu Yusuf was attempting to travel from the US to Libya in an effort to join ISIS and additionally being accused of providing ' material support ' to a terrorist organization.
Prosecutors state that Daniels had planned to travel Columbus to Houston, then board a flight from Houston to Trinidad before heading to Libya.
Federal prosecutors allege that Daniels had communicated with ISIS recruiters overseas expressing his intent to commit acts of violence in the name of the ISIS and that he sent the organization $250 dollars.
Via NBC 
According to a federal complaint, Daniels wired money to an intermediary for Abu Isa Al-Amriki, a deceased ISIS member and recruiter. Daniels allegedly told an undercover FBI agent that he wanted to travel to Trinidad as the beginning of his trip to travel to Libya.
Prosecutors say he bought a ticket from Columbus to Houston, Texas and on to Trinidad.
Adrienne Daniels, the mother of Aaron Daniels told the Columbus Dispatch that her son had a history of 'issues' and that he had attended an alternative high school as a result.
'He's not well, mentally,' Adrienne Daniels stated in regards to his arrest.
Daniels is being held without bond and faces up to 20 years in prison if convicted.


ARTICLE

by Karl Denninger 
One final set of thoughts before you go out to vote today. 
There's one major issue that got very little play during the campaign, as the media was hell-bent on focusing on Trump and bad words. 
If we all burn, that is on them — and you. But I assure you the press will fry up just like you will at 5,000 degrees. 
That issue is Syria. 
Hillary Clinton has committed herself to imposing a 'no fly' zone over Syria. As I have pointed out on multiple occasions in this column there are two problems with that commitment. 
First, the Russians are in there at Syria's invitation. They're protecting Syria's government at its request, exactly as we protected Kuwait at its request . They are therefore acting with the permission of the sovereign government of Syria, and we will not be. We will effectively be invading Syria. 
Second, Russia has missile systems deployed in Syria that we cannot reliably kill, and our aircraft and other flying equipment cannot reliably survive being fired upon by them either. While we can certainly find some of their batteries through intelligence and similar, and blow them up, doing so would be a clear act of war. If we do not do so then anything Russia does not want flying in the skies over Syria will not be flying. It will instead be in many pieces and any airmen inside said aircraft will be dead. 
Will Russia allow us to dictate that there will be a no-fly zone and allow us to enforce it? 
I doubt it. 
If we attempt to implement one anyway then conflict is inevitable. This is a conflict that has not happened thus far in the nuclear age between superpowers. Oh sure, there's been a plane forced down here and one shot down there, along with plenty of harassment, along with various proxy wars where this party or that was supplying arms to one side or the other (e.g. Afghanistan) but an actual face-off and exchange between US and Russian forces has never occurred. 
Once it happens, if it does, then someone will of course believe they 'won' and someone will believe they 'lost.' The question will then be whether the side who believes it 'lost' will admit to that and withdraw. 
If that side does not do so then we are facing nuclear war – a war that inherently involves the destruction of both nation's infrastructure and large percentages of their respective populations. 
Hillary Clinton has said she intends to walk this path. We do not know whether Trump will; he hasn't committed himself one way or the other. But his statements thus far tend to lead me, and many others, to believe he won't try to interfere in Syria's (or anyone else's) sovereign affairs. In fact he's made clear that he believes that we have had far too many foreign entanglements and they have not served us well. 
There's no guarantee that a President Trump would not find some reason to intervene, of course, and thus no guarantee that we don't ultimately wind up in the same place. Let's face it — Syria is a mess, and one that Hillary Clinton had a large hand in creating. 
But the choice here is between someone who might get pressed into a situation that leads to armed conflict, possibly nuclear conflict, and someone who has a vested interest in continuing what she started, who has declared her intent to take an action that by definition will violate Syria's sovereignty and, with near-certainty will lead to an exchange of weapons between the Syrian protectors, which are Russian, and the United States. 
That road has a high probability of being one way and at the end are events you will not like. 
Don't vote to die — and kill your children. 
If you vote for Hillary you are in fact voting for nuclear war.

ARTICLE

This morning a colleague asked if I had a prediction on the election. Of course, trying to predict the outcome today is a fool's errand. I won't even take a stab at it. Like literally everyone else in the country, I have no idea what is going to happen when results start flooding in.
And that's what I said.
Then the conversation transitioned to one of us both picking a state we think the unthinkable might happen in. I chose Michigan .
Call it a hunch. Call it a feeling. Or call it hope. Whatever the case, I feel something special may happen in Michigan tonight and Donald Trump may be the benefactor.
I see a couple reasons for this. First, Michigan has no early voting. Right out of the gate this causes problems for Democrats and their heavy use (or abuse in many cases) of early voting. Democrats struggle with getting voters out on a single day, something Republicans tend to not only do well, but actually favor as traditionalists.
Second, Michigan has been hit hard by Democrat policy for decades. And Democrats can't squirm their way out of blame on it. The collapse is on their shoulders. They know it, we know it and Michigan's electorate knows it.
Third, Republicans have enjoyed a lot of recent success across Michigan. Michigan Republicans have been winning a lot of local, federal and statewide races as of late.
Fourth, the Trump campaign got wind of something that sent them to campaign heavily across Michigan in the final weeks leading up to today. It's possible they just wanted to force Clinton to spend time and money up there, but I think it's more likely they see something internally that suggests the state is in play.
Fifth, Bernie Sanders almost beat Clinton in Michigan. Her core support there is shaky at best.
Turns out my hunch may be proving possible in terms of voter turnout so far today. Indeed, there are wide scale reports of record turnout across Michigan.
Frank Luntz tweeted out saying the working-class turnout is extremely high and the Governor said 'it looks like this precinct has had a lot of people turn out. I hope that happens throughout Michigan' following his vote earlier today.
Twitter is full of reports of long lines and busy precincts, many of which are in parts of the state Democrats don't have full control over.
Will it be enough? Maybe not. But in August Clinton led the average of Michigan polls by 9.5%. Today her lead is within the margin of error.
Meaning that yes, Michigan is completely up for grabs. And it turns out there is a good chance Trump comes out with a win.
CLICK HERE FOR OUR REAL TIME RESULTS 


ARTICLE

As millions of Americans head to the polls to cast their ballots, reports of voting machine 'irregularities' and other various issues have already begun to surface across the country.
Please note we will continue to update as this story as new reports surface. 
According to FOX2 Michigan, voters in the cities of Detroit, Sterling Heights, Novi, Holly and Roseville have reported machines being unable to accept their ballots, forcing many to leave their them in the hands of polling location volunteers.
Via Fox2 
FOX 2 has received dozens of calls and emails from voters saying the machine at their polling place isn't working correctly.
An overwhelming number of voters from several cities report the machine isn't able to accept the ballot… Many voters are concerned, though, that their vote may not be counted since they won't be there to physically see it go through the machine.
FOX 2 has also spoken with some election volunteers who are frustrated because they're not sure who to contact for help getting a new machine.
One voter in Pennsylvania took to Twitter to voice his frustrations, posting footage of a voting machine swapping a vote for GOP candidate Donald Trump to Democrat Hillary Clinton.
H/T GatewayPundit 
this is what I was talking about, they fixed it but it was on some nut shit at first. pic.twitter.com/GO5Y9FCnYN 
— ædonis | hotep (@lordaedonis) November 8, 2016 

CBS2 KDKA in reported other voters experiencing the same issue in Pennsylvania:

The Philadelphia Republican Party has posted video of voter fraud witness Brittany Foreman recounting her experience at a 52nd ward polling location.
'My name is Brittany Foreman… and today I witnessed Voter Fraud.' #VoterFraud ILLEGAL. Please SHARE pic.twitter.com/5Plk8FszuT 
— Philly GOP (@PhillyGOP) November 8, 2016 

A Twitter user in New Jersey alleges a possible case of identity theft in their state:
@nj1015 hearing about a case of voter fraud in mount laurel. Name was already signed for when person showed up to cast vote #voterfraud 
— Cara Flodmand (@MsHistory08) November 8, 2016 

Twitter user Bonco states he received the following voter guide at a Greensboro, North Carolina polling location.
@realDonaldTrump #VoterFraud in NC at the polling place in Greensboro @ Rankin Elementary School, This is being handed en-route to the door pic.twitter.com/LOoP486lRx 
— Bonoc (@DievasLives) November 8, 2016 

—-
Problems at the poll such as suspected voter fraud or intimidation? Report it!
-Department of Justice 800-253-3931
-Donald Trump Campaign voter hotline 844-332-2016 or submit a report online here 
-Contact us to share your story here 


ARTICLE

While there are few details currently known on this developing situation, conflicting reports indicate that between 3-5 individuals have been shot in Azusa, California near a polling station.
Authorities are calling the developing situation 'volatile' and have ordered residents to 'shelter in place.' 
Via AzusaPD Twitter 
Critical Incident: Please stay out of the area of Fourth St & Orange Ave. All residents in the area shelter in place.
— Azusa Police (@AzusaPD) November 8, 2016 

All personnel are tied up with the critical incident. Please refrain from calling our dispatch center, all updates will be posted here
— Azusa Police (@AzusaPD) November 8, 2016 

In addition to the 'shelter in place' order for residents, Slauson Middle School and a near by polling station have been placed on lockdown.
'Active shooter with high powered rifle' by Slauson and Memorial Park pic.twitter.com/RGzBRGS86r 
— paul (@saddgranola) November 8, 2016 

There's an active shooter in my city and at my old middle school pic.twitter.com/kmxT45jwj3 
— marco soto (@warzoneintro) November 8, 2016 

It is currently unknown if the shooter has been apprehended or if they are still at large.
Via LATimes 
The Los Angeles County Fire Department reported firefighters were treating four patients, but their injuries were not immediately known because the situation was 'not contained.'
We will continue to update as new details surface.


ARTICLE

It didn't take us long to think of a word to describe the 2016 election results. In fact, it took approximately 2 seconds. 
EPIC. 
Two weeks ago the media and their allies in the GOP establishment's #NeverTrump movement had already made their decision. And they had their polls back up their proclamation. 
Hillary Clinton was going to win and that was that. 
According to the media and their ilk in Washington, there was nothing anyone could do to change the outcome. There was no amount of enthusiasm, no amount of energy, no amount of effort that could defeat their choice. 
Hillary Clinton would be the next President. She would go on to pass TPP, tax the hell out of America, spend us into oblivion, get us into war around the world, further corrupt our government and remain unscathed by her abundant scandals. 
So much for that . 
Turns out America has had enough. America is making a stand and that stand doesn't include corrupt elitists like Clinton, Pelosi and whoever they had planned to take over the Senate. It doesn't include Loretta Lynch, Director Comey and a radical leftist Supreme Court. It doesn't include George Soros, criminal aliens and potentially dangerous Muslim Refugees. 
Nor does it include the old and tired bunch of self-proclaimed #NeverTrump conservatives who, for decades have told voters to support big government Republicans like Paul Ryan, John McCain and Mitt Romney. 
They're all out and a new game is in town. 
Donald Trump will be the next President of the United States of America . 
It's real. It happened. It's a done deal. 
It gets better, though, in that Trump will go into his Presidency with a strong majority in both the House and Senate. Yeah, the same House and Senate the media said would tilt towards Democrats in this election. 
Our hats are off to the electorate for restoring faith in the system, the people and the sanity of our nation. 
Congratulations to Donald Trump and his team. A hard fought battle won, a victory well deserved. 
Now buckle up, folks. The media and their friends in Washington are going to lose their minds. It's going to be a wild ride. AL

ARTICLE

I've now worked in journalism/media for seven years. And I sit here this morning amazed at the historic transition media as an industry has taken during that time. To say it's a seismic shift would be a gross understatement.
Everything has changed .
I remember when I first started reporting the news I would often say there is no such thing as non-partisan media. I fully stand by that statement.
Anyone who writes for a living knows that by implanting a single word in a targeted sentence, even if the story is 1,200 words long, can change the underlying message of a report with ease. That's what media does. What we call 'mainstream media' is notorious for this. You've probably seen it happen countless times, but in most cases you probably don't notice it.
For example, when a bad jobs report comes out the media will report something like ' New Jobs Unexpectedly Slightly Below Projections .' Using the word unexpectedly implies everyone should be optimistic because it's expected that job creation will naturally be higher in our current economy.
This is nonsense. It doesn't take a world class economist to figure out Washington policy has broken our economic engine. And it doesn't require a Harvard level analyst to tell us all the job situation is in shambles.
Media uses this tactic to protect those in power. It's all a game to hide the truth.
There is no non-partisan news. Reporters/writers will either advocate for the truth and seek to uphold American principles of personal liberty, a free market and sound government that works for the people it claims to represent, or they'll advocate against it. That's a fact. Those are the options.
So what has changed over the past seven years? In short, the audacity of the advocacy happening in media has reached unprecedented levels. Hosts from ALL (yes, even Fox News) TV news networks actively participated in trying to elevate Hillary Clinton over Donald Trump. Anyone who watched the debates through an objective lens knows this. Megyn Kelly ambushed Donald Trump and we all know it. The DNC was helping craft talking points with journalists, and TV networks were helping the DNC funnel debate intel to Clinton's campaign.
And do we need to mention the polls? Seriously? We're supposed to trust a media that was either a) dead wrong in their reporting of where the electorate stood, or b) they blatantly lied and fabricated numbers in an effort to suppress the vote against Clinton. Both options are equally damnable.
How is it that so much of America pounds their chests proclaiming the media is corrupt, but in the next breath looks to that same media to confirm news? Last night, for example, our team called Pennsylvania a full two hours before Fox News or any other TV network. Yet when we did we were hit with comments calling us names, mocking us and saying we should have waited for 'official' calls from 'media.'
This is insulting. We have a full time staff. We have offices. We have TV and audio studios. We are media .
Our team worked tirelessly, combing through county data in multiple states. We didn't take that call for Pennsylvania lightly. But we made the call when we faithfully concluded Clinton had no reasonable path to overtaking Trump's lead. This was fact for us. This was truth. We didn't care if Fox News, CNN or any others called it. We saw what we saw and we made a call.
Breitbart is media. Drudge Report is media. I could list hundreds of sources that many don't consider media that are actually far more accurate (and honest in what they believe in) than what would be considered official media, whatever that means.
At some point America is going to have to proclaim enough is enough. The networks are dishonest and they work against your best interests. They work against the needs of you and your family. They work against the truth. They work for those in power, and they do everything they can to protect that power. Because at the end of the day, the networks care about their seats at the Gala's and their access to powerful politicians.
They sit in their high castles, eating expensive steak, drinking fine wine while having no financial concerns at all. Do you think their agenda includes telling you the truth when doing so would cut off their access to the power they hold close? Of course not. They aren't going to bite the hand that feeds them.
When you watch their shows, share their stories and look to them to confirm news, you are funding their game against you.
That has to stop.
It's time we as a people have a very serious conversation about a meaningful boycott. Yesterday we voted at the polls. Now we need to vote with our wallets.
It's time for the new media to become the media . Because let's face it, old media betrayed us.
Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice…
No thanks.
-Eric Odom 


ARTICLE

The time to see if all those claiming that they would flee the country if their candidate lost the presidential election has finally come and last night Canada's official immigration website showed many maybe to attempting to put their money where their mouth is.
As election results continued to roll in late Tuesday evening, CIC.gc.ca experienced such heavy web traffic that their site was unable to handle the enormous strain. While the CIC.gc.ca is currently back online (however still running very slowly), reports indicate that heavy traffic rendered the website non-operational into earily Wednesday morning.
ABC13 New Houston was able to capture a screenshot during the height of the site's massive traffic jam:
Canada's site to apply for citizenship crashes #ABC13 https://t.co/0G9FWoMaBe pic.twitter.com/epTXZ8Ryo3 
— ABC13 Houston (@abc13houston) November 9, 2016 

More via TheState 
And that's not all. Business Insider reports that its top story Tuesday was ' How to move to Canada and become a Canadian citizen.' On Google Trends, the term ' Canadian immigration ' began to spike at 10:23 p.m. Tuesday, right around the time the networks and Associated Press called the key swing state of Ohio for Trump, as did the term ' Canada .'
Even the Canadian national anthem was trending; ' O Canada! ' has benefited from Americans perhaps eager to learn their new country's national song.
Thoughts on this? Let us know in the comment section below.


ARTICLE

Dear America,
Whether you voted for Trump or not, surely you can join me in admitting the past few years have been devoid of optimism. We've been pessimistic on the economy, on the social foundation of our country, our standing in the world, our concern over potential for war, our healthcare, our jobs and generally speaking… our future.
For some of you Barack Obama may be a likable character. While many of us believe he's corrupt and wrong in his way of thinking, it's understandable that many of his voters found him to be generally likable. For those who do, the truth is he betrayed you. He betrayed all of us.
His healthcare law was sold to you as a law that would make healthcare affordable and wouldn't change the plan/doctor you have. Most of us are now finding that was a lie. We're losing our plans and doctors, and costs are skyrocketing.
His economic policy enriched the mega rich while crushing jobs. His environmental policy has pumped billions of our dollars into the pockets of special interests, killed off jobs and did absolutely nothing for the environment. His tax policy is painful. If you pay taxes you know this to be the case.
He spends money like it grows on trees. For him it's not an issue. He lives in the high castle and will never have to worry about money. But you and I? Yeah, it's an issue.
He dragged us nearly into world war with Russia. He collapsed the Middle East in a way that has rippled across the globe.
We can disagree on issues, but surely we can agree this hasn't been a good situation. Something has to change. Hillary Clinton wasn't going to change anything. She was going to take Obama's burning agenda and throw gasoline on it.
We now have an opportunity. Donald Trump has his flaws. We all have concerns about it. No secret there. But his plan is something we should all get excited about. That is, of course, provided he actually follows through with it.
Trump is likely to relax tensions with Russia. He's likely to pull back our nonsensical involvement in the Middle East. He's likely to repeal and replace Obamacare. He's likely to initiate a tax and economic policy that WILL invigorate business growth.
For businesses, Trump has a plan that will help create spenders. And for consumers his plan will help us earn and retain more financial stability.
This is a good thing. It's good for liberals, conservatives and independents. It's good for America.
Not long ago there was a time when Americans were optimistic, hungry for success and excited to work hard for it. We've exiting a period of time where that mentality has been non-existent. We're entering a time where it can exist again.
We've got a mess on our hands. There is much work to do to clean it up. But it can be cleaned up, and we can flourish as a result of it.
That is, if we unify and optimistically strive for success as a nation.
It's time, America. It's long overdue.
Let's make America great again.
-Eric Odom 


ARTICLE

Today, in the light of the morning, what do we have in America today?
We have watched a tidal wave come ashore in Washington DC. We saw the impossible, according to the pundits. 
But let's have a bit of sobriety to go along with the wry smile, ok?
We still have policy acts that need to be addressed. In specific order of priority:
Health care monopolies must be broken up and those in the industry who resist must be jailed under existing anti-trust law. This has to happen right up front, especially if we are going to do 'tax reform' (and we should) or the result will be deficits that explode so fast, and so ruinously that they will force interest rates up to near or even beyond those of the early 1980s, bankrupting everyone at once that has any debt at all. Simply put you have to take close to a trillion dollars out of the Federal Budget and $2 trillion out of the economy as a whole in terms of spending in this sector or our nation does not fiscally survive. This was true yesterday and it still is. The problem is illustrated here and one potential set of solutions is here , along with my 2012 article here .. 'Repeal and replace' will not do it ; you need to attack the problem, not remove the band-aids that were put over a sucking chest wound. President Trump can do the largest part of this without Congress since it requires only enforcing existing anti-trust law, and the responsibility to enforce the law rests solely with the Executive. The swamp must be drained. Candidate Trump repeatedly called for it. President Trump has to do it. Again, this is a function of existing law and therefore requires exactly zero Congressional buy-in. While cabinet-level positions require Senate approval the rank and file cop on the street positions in the US Government do not. There are an utterly insane number of crimes that have been committed over the last two terms and while the Statute of Limitations has run on some of them it has not run on all. Those for which prosecution is still possible must be prosecuted. This is not only important in the medical realm (see above) but also in the financial realm. We can start with Wells Fargo and their recently-exposed outrageous and blatant robbery of their customers but it must not end with 'trophy' prosecutions. It is especially important for the stability of our markets and returning some resemblance of trust to them that all persons or organizations that have engaged in various forms of market manipulation which is illegal, I remind you, be held to account. Whether it be 'spoofing', placing orders you cannot clear (because you don't have the margin to do so) or simply placing orders you never intend to execute (which is illegal and has been since the 1930s ) these crimes must be prosecuted as far back as the Statute of Limitations permits and aggressive prosecution on a forward basis must continue. Most of the rest of what President Trump has promised to do in his Contract with Voters does need Congressional approval. Yes, he can cancel executive orders that were outrageously improper — and he should. But when it comes to tax and trade policy for the most part those issues do require Congressional approval, and here's the rub for any Republicans who think they can play ' Never Trump ' post this election: With both Houses of Congress there is only party to blame for any sort of obstructionism. If the Republicans wish to lose both houses of Congress in a couple of years all they have to do is keep larding up the debt and refuse to take the issues that must be addressed by both Congress and the Executive on, and it'll happen. 
Originally posted at Market Ticker .


ARTICLE

As the Republican party claimed multiple historic wins during Tuesday's election, so did the controversial drug marijuana.
While many Americans and law enforcement agencies remain opposed to legalization of cannabis for various reasons, voters in multiple states passed ballot measures bringing pot closer to national acceptance.
Here is the breakdown:
Arkansas 
-Issue 6 passed legalizing the use of medicinal marijuana.
California 
-Proposition 64 passed by a wide margin and legalized the recreational use of marijuana. California previously allowed the use of medicinal marijuana.
Florida 
– Amendment 2 passed legalizing 'physician-prescribed' marijuana.
Massachusetts 
– Question 4 passed legalizing both medicinal marijuana and recreational marijuana for those at least 21 years of age.
Montana 
– Initiative 182 passed legalizing the use of medicinal marijuana.
Nevada 
– Question 2 passed legalizing the recreational use of marijuana ( one ounce or less ) by adults 21 and over.
North Dakota 
– Measure 5 passed legalizing the use of medicinal marijuana.
Currently, Question 1 in Maine has yet to be determined, it stands to legalize, regulate, and tax marijuana as an agricultural product.
Arizona's Proposition 205 failed and stood to legalize marijuana for individuals older than 21 years of age.
Source: Ballotpedia 
Thoughts on these results? Let us know in the comment section below.


ARTICLE

Here is what eight years of President Obama's 'post-racial' reign have wrought.
The weekend before Election Day, Hillary Clinton grinned from ear to ear at a Cleveland rally while reciting a verse from Jay-Z's remix of Young Jeezy's 'My President is Black.' As the rapper and his Black Lives Matter-promoting wife, Beyonce, beamed on stage nearby, pandersuit-clad Clinton twanged with a stilted accent:
'Remember, Jay memorably said: 'Rosa Parks sat so Martin Luther could walk, and Martin Luther walked so Barack Obama could run, and Barack Obama ran so all the children could fly.''
This would be comical if not for the noxious cynicism of it all. Clinton may not remember (if she was ever aware in the first place), but the original version of 'My President is Black' is a brazen middle finger to nonblack America. Just a few lines after the verse Hillary quoted, the song taunts:
Hello Miss America, hey pretty lady
Red, white, and blue flag, wave for me baby
Never thought I'd say this s—, baby I'm good
You can keep your p—, I don't want no more Bush
No more war, no more Iraq
No more white lies, the President is black
So the poster granny for liberal white privilege, groveling for black votes, kissed the rings of celebrity Obama BFFs Jay-Z and Beyonce by parroting an inflammatory anthem laced with profanities and radical racialized gloating.
Could there have been a more perfect beclownment to cap Clinton's phony-baloney 'Stronger Together' campaign?
After denigrating millions of Trump supporters as 'deplorable' and 'irredeemable' earlier this year, Clinton then unctuously confessed on election eve: 'I regret deeply how angry the tone of the campaign became.'
Note the classic textbook employment of the passive voice to evade personal responsibility.
The good news is that after being blasted as haters by Clinton's hate-filled minions, after being slapped down as racial 'cowards' by Clintonite holdover Eric Holder, after being lambasted as 'xenophobes' and 'nativists' by immigration expansionists in both parties, after enduring a string of faked hate crimes blamed on conservatives, after ceaseless accusations of 'Islamophobia' in the wake of jihad attacks on American soil, after baseless accusations of 'homophobia' for protesting the government's gay wedding cake coercion, and after mourning a growing list of police officers ambushed and targeted by violent thugs seeking racial vengeance, an undeniable movement of citizens in the 2016 election cycle decided to push back.
When all is said and done, one of the most important cultural accomplishments of Donald Trump's bid will be the platform he created for Americans of all colors, ethnicities, political affiliations, and socioeconomic backgrounds to defy soul-draining identity politics.
Beltway chin-pullers expediently focused on Trump's white and conservative supporters who are rightly sick and tired of social justice double standards. But they ignored the increasingly vocal constituency of hyphen-free, label-rejecting American People Against Political Correctness who don't fit old narratives and boxes.
And the same 'Never Trump' pundits and establishment political strategists who gabbed endlessly about the need for 'minority outreach' after 2012 were flummoxed by the blacks, gays, Latinos, women and Democrats who rallied behind the GOP candidate.
The most important speech of the 2016 election cycle wasn't delivered by one of the presidential candidates. It came from iconoclastic Silicon Valley entrepreneur/investor and Trump supporter Peter Thiel who best explained the historically significant backlash against the intolerant tolerance mob and phony diversity-mongers.
'Louder voices have sent a message that they do not intend to tolerate the views of one half of the country,' he observed at the National Press Club last week. He recounted how the gay magazine The Advocate, which had once praised him as a 'gay innovator,' declared he was 'not a gay man' anymore because of his libertarian, limited-government politics.
'The lie behind the buzzword of diversity could not be made more clear,' Thiel noted. 'If you don't conform, then you don't count as diverse, no matter what your personal background.'
Trump's eclectic coalition was bound by that common thread: disaffected individuals tired of being told they don't count and discounted because their views do not properly 'match' their gender, chromosomes, skin color or ethnicity. That is exactly why the more they and their nominee were demonized, the stronger their support grew.
'No matter what happens in this election,' Thiel concluded last week, 'what Trump represents isn't crazy and it's not going away.' 
He's right. I too often take for granted my own personal awakening about the entrenched tribalism of identity politics at a crazy liberal arts college in the early 1990s. The liberation from collectivist ideology is profound and lasting. Witnessing so many outspoken newcomers arrive at this enlightenment, however circuitous the route, has been the most encouraging and underappreciated phenomenon of the 2016 campaign.
Michelle Malkin is a senior editor at Conservative Review. For more articles and videos from Michelle, visit ConservativeReview.com. Her email address is malkinblog@gmail.com.
COPYRIGHT 2016 CREATORS.COM


ARTICLE

The forgotten man decided the presidential election. Donald Trump persuaded the forgotten man to repose his anger and frustration and power into Trump's hands. Who is the forgotten man? What does he want from government? Why did he vote for Trump?
When the tide began to turn against Hillary Clinton on Tuesday night, I planned to write this column about the unwarranted and unlawful injection of the FBI into the political process. At the time, I was seated with the Fox News number crunchers and generally was exposed to trends and vote totals — and the number crunchers' lucid explanation of them — long before they were revealed on-air. I am more an ideas guy than a numbers guy.
On Tuesday night, the numbers were so overwhelming it was clear that the FBI had nothing to do with the outcome of the presidential election. The numbers on Tuesday told a tale that needs to be related. What the FBI did and failed to do assaulted the rule of law, but that is for another column.
Whatever the impression Trump may have given you — a carnival barker, a hero, a jerk, a courageous leader — he brilliantly tapped into a deep vein of millions of American men and women who believe they have been forgotten by the government they pay for. These good people have been alienated by the elites who dominate American government and culture and civic life.
On Tuesday night, they found a home.
The forgotten man believes that the Obama administration doesn't care about him. The forgotten man knows that the government put into place regulations of economic activity that put him out of work or into a lower-paying job. These forgotten men and women resent the Obama administration's telling them they must have health insurance or they will be taxed for it and then so incompetently manipulating the marketplace as to cause the cost of that insurance — often an unwanted product — to skyrocket.
These good folks cringed when their family doctor told them that he could no longer afford to treat them because the feds had over regulated the practice of medicine. They simply couldn't believe that their own government would make the practice of medicine so expensive that doctors in droves could not afford to stay in business. And they were outraged when their doctors told them the feds could see their medical records and dictate their medical treatment.
The forgotten man has profound resentment for a government that is telling him how to live. The forgotten man's union dues have shot up. His union leaders use his dues to support political candidates he doesn't know or like. Yet he has usually voted for the Democrats — out of a traditional belief that the Democrats would think of him and his needs when framing federal legislation. They haven't.
The forgotten man speaks his mind but isn't drawn to lofty arguments about the freedom of speech. The forgotten man wants the government to work but couldn't tell you which aspects of its behavior are unconstitutional. The forgotten man wants elected officials who don't and won't forget him. The forgotten man hopes he never sees a judge in a courtroom, but if he does, he wants to be judged by someone who understands him.
The forgotten man wants sexual freedom and privacy, but not babies being ripped from the womb for convenience. The forgotten man doesn't want war but loathes military defeat even more. The forgotten man wants inexpensive goods but will pay more if they are made here by people like him. The forgotten man doesn't want the government to take so much money from those who work hard that they lose their incentive to work or close up their businesses and kill jobs. The forgotten man wants everyone to be able to keep the lion's share of what he earns. The forgotten man forgives but doesn't forget.
Trump got all that. Trump tapped into all that as no presidential candidate had since Ronald Reagan in 1980.
The forgotten man viewed Clinton as having no interest in him. The forgotten man believed that Clinton would work for special interests and not for him. The forgotten man saw that what Trump grasped, Clinton overlooked; what Trump understood, Clinton ignored; and what Trump turned into votes, Clinton took for granted.
I doubt that the forgotten man saw what I did recently. At the Al Smith dinner in New York City last month — a 1,500-person black-tie fundraiser for the Archdiocese of New York at which Trump's speech was mediocre and Clinton's was stellar — I tried to shake the hands of both of them but ran into a Secret Service roadblock around the head table. Trump waved to me with a twinkle in his eye. When I saw Clinton, I saw a lonely face without joy. On Wednesday morning, it dawned on me that she was doomed and she knew it.
The forgotten man knew it, as well.
COPYRIGHT 2016 ANDREW P. NAPOLITANO
DISTRIBUTED BY CREATORS.COM


ARTICLE

by Mac Slavo 
In the runup to the 2016 election Matt Drudge linked to reports that Hillary Clinton's health was faltering. For weeks the 'rumors' were denied by mainstream media , especially left-leaning web sites. 
As the election drew closer, The Huffington Post and other partisan web sites claimed that Clinton had an unbeatable lead. On November 4th, just days before the election, HuffPost went so far as to suggest that Clinton had a 98% chance of winning the election. All the while, alternative media researchers, journalists, commentators and bloggers were highlighting the fact that polls actually showed a dead even race , with Trump leading in some cases. 
When Wikileaks released tens of thousands of emails, the propaganda went into full swing with claims that the emails sourced from the DNC and Clinton Campaign were fake, even though numerous third-party organizations certified their validity. 
If you were to ask the experts, Drudge Report , Infowars , Breitbart , The Daily Sheeple , Stone Cold Truth , SGT Report , Alt-Market , Daisy Luther , TruthStream Media and scores of other alternative news websites were peddling fiction. In fact, 'peddling fiction' is the exact terminology used by President Obama to marginalize the detailed economic reports being disseminated by Alternative Financial websites like Zero Hedge . 
The fiction narrative, first championed by entrenched media personalities, was pushed across social media by millions of anxious Hillary fans. According to them, everything coming from independent media was a lie – it was fake. 
As it turns out, Clinton's health problems were confirmed when she was recorded stumbling and wobbling following a September 11th ceremony in New York. The Wikileaks were, in fact legit. Trump won by an electoral landslide. And the economy continues its downward spiral. 
One report after another being disseminated by what left-leaning pundits call 'fake news websites' has been confirmed as accurate, proving that there was a concerted effort to stifle open discourse and real journalism. 
Hillary Clinton made mention of it in her Deplorables speech, warning that a lot of fake information was being released through purported 'racist' websites across the web. 
And if she had her way, no one would have ever read anything but positive information about her, while everything else was disappeared Orwellian-style, never to reach the masses that eventually elected Donald Trump to the Presidency. 
What this year's Presidential election has proven is that alternative media is a force to be reckoned with, and the establishment is scared shitless. 
But they won't let it happen again. 
Earlier this year President Obama turned control of the internet over to the United Nations, effectively eliminating free speech protections enjoyed by citizen journalists in America. It may have sounded crazy when we sounded the alarm before the internet takeover, but today's actions by Google and Facebook provide further evidence that the establishment media and Deep State politicians are preparing a digital lock down on any and all information that has not been approved by an as of yet unknown Truth Panel. 
A Facebook spokesman said it will explicitly ban sites that traffic in fake news from using the Facebook Audience Network, saying they fall under the category of misleading, illegal or deceptive sites already barred. The audience network places ads on other websites and mobile apps. 
Earlier Monday, Google said it plans to prevent Google ads from being placed 'on pages that misrepresent, misstate, or conceal information about the publisher, the publisher's content, or the primary purpose' of the website. The policy would cover sites that distribute false news, a Google spokeswoman said. False news stories, particularly those that spread widely on Facebook, became an issue during the recent presidential election. Google experienced its own mishap on Sunday when a story on a right-wing blog erroneously stating Donald Trump won the popular vote appeared atop some Google search results. 
… 
'While implied, we have updated the policy to explicitly clarify that this applies to fake news,' the Facebook spokesman said. 'We vigorously enforce our policies and take swift action against sites and apps that are found to be in violation. Our team will continue to closely vet all prospective publishers and monitor existing ones to ensure compliance.' 
Full report 
The moves by Google and Facebook follow a recent de-monitzation effort at Youtube that has also targeted alternative media. As noted in their 'Advertiser Friendly Content Guidelines,' they appear to be targeting exactly the issues often covered by alternative media by directly banning: 
C ontent that is considered 'not advertiser-friendly' includes, but is not limited to: Controversial or sensitive subjects and events, including subjects related to war, political conflicts, natural disasters and tragedies, even if graphic imagery is not shown 
So basically, anything newsworthy is no longer advertiser friendly, and these organizations will now determine whose news will or won't be seen based on what is sure to be proprietary algorithms and secretive human curation. 
The bottom line is this: the time and energy required to produce the amount of video content and investigative journalism that we saw during the election is astronomical. Thousands of journalists, bloggers and concerned citizens spent countless hours reporting the news the mainstream media wouldn't. Many of those people depend on advertising revenue to cover their most basic website maintenance costs, as well as their monthly mortgages and the food they put on their dinner tables. 
The aim with policies like this, which will no doubt be overseen by establishment hacks, is to quite literally starve independent media. In turn, they will starve the people of the information they so desperately need to understand what is being done to them. 
This is only the beginning. The lockdown will continue. Previous Story

ARTICLE

by Thomas Sowell 
The good news is that we dodged a bullet in this election. The bad news is that we don't know how many other bullets are coming, or from what direction. 
A Hillary Clinton victory would have meant a third consecutive administration dedicated to dismantling the institutions that have kept America free, and imposing instead the social vision of the smug elites. That could have been the ultimate catastrophe — not just for our time, but for generations yet unborn. 
In one sense, Donald Trump's victory was a unique American event. But, in a larger sense, it represents the biggest backlash among many elsewhere, against smug elites in Western nations, where increasing numbers of ordinary people are showing their anger at where those elites are leading their countries. 
There, as here, mindlessly flinging the doors open to peoples from societies whose fundamental values clash with those of the countries they enter, has been a hallmark of arrogant blindness and disregard of negative consequences suffered by ordinary people — consequences from which the elites themselves are insulated. 
Nor is this the only issue on which the blindness of elites has set the stage for a political backlash. The anti-law enforcement fetish among the insulated elites has even more tragically sacrificed the safety of the general public. This too has been common on both sides of the Atlantic. 
Riots in London, Manchester and other cities in England in 2011 were incredibly similar to 2014 riots in Ferguson, Missouri, 2015 riots in Baltimore and similar riots in other American cities. 
The fact that the rioters in England were mostly white, while those in America were mostly black, gives the lie to the facile excuse that such riots are due to racial oppression, rather than being a result of appeasing mobs and restricting the police. 
Nor is the election of Donald Trump likely to lead the elites to having second thoughts about the prevailing dogmas of their groupthink. On the morning after Mr. Trump's upset victory over Mrs. Clinton, a newswoman at CNN mentioned the disappointment of some women that 'the glass ceiling' was not shattered as expected. 
What an insult to everyone's intelligence is that catch phrase, 'glass ceiling.' What does 'glass' mean, if not that you cannot see the ceiling, but somehow you just know that it is there? And how do you know? Because it has been repeated so often. 
It is like the fable of the emperor's new clothes, but a fable for adults. 
Demagogues like Hillary Clinton can point to the fact that women as a group do not receive as much income as men as a group. But, factual studies over the past 40 years have shown repeatedly that, when you compare women who work as many hours a year as men, and as many continuous years in the same occupations as men, the income differences shrink to the vanishing point, and sometimes even reverse. 
But how many politicians or media people care about facts, when the facts go against their preconceptions? 
Donald Trump's unexpected victory should send a lot of people back to the drawing board to rethink their assumptions about many things. That includes not only the political left but also the Republican establishment. But don't count on it. 
The Republican establishment has been called many things, but introspective is not one of them. One thing they might reconsider is their assumption that they alone know just what kind of presidential candidate is needed to win elections. 
But the two most surprisingly successful Republican candidates of the past half century — Ronald Reagan and now Donald Trump — bore no resemblance to the candidates who epitomized the Republican establishment's model, such as Bob Dole, John McCain and Mitt Romney. 
Among others who could also use some rethinking is Donald Trump himself. When he acted like a petulant adolescent, he may have gotten the adulation of his core constituents. But it was only toward the end, when he began to act like a responsible adult seeking the highest office in the land, that he began to overtake Hillary Clinton. 
Donald Trump is a wild card. We don't know whether he was play-acting when he carried on like a juvenile lout or when he played the role of a mature adult. But he and the country could both benefit from some serious introspection on his part. 
Thomas Sowell is a senior fellow at the Hoover Institution, Stanford University, Stanford, CA 94305. His website is www.tsowell.com. To find out more about Thomas Sowell and read features by other Creators Syndicate columnists and cartoonists, visit the Creators Syndicate webpage at www.creators.com. 
COPYRIGHT 2016 CREATORS.COM Identity Politics in America: a Post-Mortem 0

