ARTICLE

Human-Machine Hybrid Organs Are Being Made Now October 26, 2016 
Harvard scientists have developed a 3D printed heart on a computer chip, which can be used to study heart conditions without testing medical treatments on animals. The heart-on-chip is composed of a small piece of flexible polymer with integrated sensors that contains living human heart cells , which can mimic the physiological response of a human heart. 
The sensors collect data on the beating of the heart-on-chip, which can be used to study how tissue responds to drugs or toxins. 
Scientists from the Wyss Institute at Harvard University believe the technology is a more accurate alternative to testing drugs on animals, and hope it can decrease the number of animals used for testing. 
'We are pushing the boundaries of three-dimensional printing by developing and integrating multiple functional materials within printed devices,” Jennifer Lewis, senior co-author of the study said in a press release. 
Other organs, including bones, lungs, the liver, and gut can also be made into organs on a chip. 
However, it is noted that obtaining data from these chips is costly and can only be done using high-speed cameras or microscopy. Article by Doc Burkhart , Vice-President, General Manager and co-host of TRUNEWS with Rick Wiles Got a news tip? Email us at Help support the ministry of TRUNEWS with your one-time or monthly gift of financial support. DONATE NOW ! DOWNLOAD THE TRUNEWS MOBILE APP! CLICK HERE!  

ARTICLE

Satanic Temple YES, Ten Commandments NO? October 26, 2016 
A Satanic Temple opens its doors in Massachusetts proud to display their "religious" symbols! But removing the Ten Commandments is OK? With up to 50,000 members in chapters around the world, TST has garnered colossal media attention in the last three years. Outside of New England, TST has taken legal action against the placement of edifices of the Ten Commandments in civic settings, including statehouses. The Satanist group has intervened in various school districts to contest prayer or challenge Christian clubs. Salem is headquarters to this Anti Christian group. 
(SALEM,Massachusetts) Horror is not contained to October 31st alone. A controversial Satanic temple has set up its international headquarters in Salem Massachusetts. Just one mile from historic sites where ironically in the 16th century witches were hunted and killed. 
The building is a former funeral home, inaugurated last month by activist Malcolm Jarry, a self-described 'secular Jew” who co-founded The Satanic Temple (TST) in 2013. It also houses an art gallery in honor of the heathen idol Baphomet, a 'sabbatic goat”. Behind the two-story building, an eight-foot tall statue of Baphomet sits in a plain shed, where visitors can pay to view it. 
With up to 50,000 members in chapters around the world, TST has garnered colossal media attention in the last three years. Chief among Jarry's causes are marriage equality and women's reproductive freedom. Any issue related to the government using religion to restrict individual freedom is also likely to engage temple leaders, some of whom staged a 2014 'Black Mass” at Harvard University to push the envelope on religious freedom. 
Outside of New England, TST has taken legal action against the placement of edifices of the Ten Commandments in civic settings , including statehouses. To illustrate how such displays violate religious freedom, the temple has insisted it be allowed to erect goat-headed Baphomet statues in the same locations. TST is also planning to take on some schools' use of isolation, denial of bathroom access, and corporal punishment of children. For the 49-year-old Jarry, there is not much conflict between being Jewish and a Satanist. As a matter of fact, the two identities have come to inform each other, he said. 
'I see it like Buddhism,” said Jarry. 'Satanism is something that can co-exist with being a Jew,” he said. 
In addition to Jarry's belief that Judaism and Satanism can co-exist, there are parallels with how Judaism and Satanism have been branded by their detractors, he said. 
'The false accusations that have been thrown at Jews historically are similar to what some people say about Satanism,” said Jarry, mentioning accusations of blood libel and — more recently — fabricated allegations that Israel perpetrates genocide against Palestinian children. 
In recent weeks, TST has been in the news for one member's attempts to deliver a Satanist invocation at Boston City Hall . The opportunity to open meetings with prayers is by invitation only, and only mainstream religions have ever been asked, said Jarry. 
'If the decision is that only we cannot deliver an invocation, then we will sue and we will win,” 
'We expect to be treated in the same manner as all other religions and will sue for all of the same rights,” said Jarry, adding that TST's campaigns are fueled by 'the importance of standing for freedom of expression and against tyrannical authority.” 
According to Salem city officials, only a handful of citizens have expressed concern about the Satanic temple's arrival to one of New England's top tourist destinations. TRUNEWS counted about 20 churches in Salem alone, and not one Christian expressed concern? Where is the church? The TST has a clear agenda to stop Christians from evangelizing and in their quest they are winning legal battles to do so. With each Christian symbol taken down or expression of faith being censored, this groups' agenda advances. Again I ask, where is the church? 
Original article by Times of Israel. 
——- Article by , Correspondent for TRUNEWS Got a news tip? Email us at Help support the ministry of TRUNEWS with your one-time or monthly gift of financial support. DONATE NOW ! DOWNLOAD THE TRUNEWS MOBILE APP! CLICK HERE!  

ARTICLE

Pentagon Retreats on Enlistment Bonus Collection Efforts October 26, 2016 Pentagon Retreats on Enlistment Bonus Collection Efforts 
Defense Secretary Ash Carter on Wednesday ordered a suspension in efforts to seek repayment of thousands of enlistment bonuses and tuition assistance mistakenly paid to members of the California National Guard. 
"While some soldiers knew or should have known they were ineligible for benefits they were claiming, many others did not," Carter, who is in Europe meeting with U.S. allies, said in a statement. 
"This process has dragged on too long, for too many service members," he said. "Too many cases have languished without action. That's unfair to service members and to taxpayers." 
Last week the Los Angeles Times reported that about 10,000 California National Guard troops had been ordered to repay enlistment bonuses - some of more than $15,000 - that were improperly given to them. The newspaper said audits revealed the California Guard had overpaid troops in order to entice them to join and meet enlistment targets more than a decade ago. 
Senior Defense Department officials have been told to assess the bonus situation and establish a "streamlined, centralized process" by the start of next year, Carter said in the statement. 
"The objective will be to complete the decision-making process on all cases as soon as possible - and no later than July 1," he said. 
The issue has caused outrage in Congress. Members from both parties have called on the Pentagon to drop efforts to reclaim the bonuses. 
House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy said on Fox News on Tuesday that if the Pentagon did not drop the effort to reclaim re-enlistment bonuses, lawmakers would move legislation on the issue. Article by Doc Burkhart , Vice-President, General Manager and co-host of TRUNEWS with Rick Wiles Got a news tip? Email us at Help support the ministry of TRUNEWS with your one-time or monthly gift of financial support. DONATE NOW ! DOWNLOAD THE TRUNEWS MOBILE APP! CLICK HERE!  

ARTICLE

Fake ID's: Threat to Elections October 26, 2016 Am election worker checks a voter's drivers license as North Carolina's controversial "Voter ID" law goes into... © CHRIS KEANE 
Former member of the Federal Election Commission says fake ID's are a 'potential way around a state that has a photo ID law in place." A quick Google search reveals a plethora of fake ID vendors. Most popular are drivers license and student identification. This ease of availability of fake drivers licenses poses a danger to American national security. Fraudulent identification also increases the threat of voter fraud in certain states. 
(Vero Beach, FL) The use of fake drivers licenses isn't just limited to teenagers drinking beer, but can be used by terrorists, illegal immigrants and fraudulent voters to go around barriers set up by law enforcement. The trend also poses a threat to this presidential election in states where voter ID laws are in place. 
Hans von Spakvovsky, former member of the Federal Election Commission and a senior legal fellow at the Heritage Foundation, told The Daily Caller that fake IDs are a 'potential way around a state that has a photo ID law in place.” 
Paul Rozenweig, now a senior adviser to the Chertoff Group and a lecturer at George Washington University School of Law, told theDC that in his 'personal view” the security of drivers licenses 'has been underemphasized.” 
'We've done a great deal, for example, to make passports harder to forge, we've been much less successful in making domestic identification such as drivers license secure,” Rozenweig said. 'The fact that 15 years after 9/11, we still don't have a secure drivers license identification system in the United States that is hard to spoof and applies to all 50 states is a good example of how we haven't put any emphasis on this.” 
TRUNEWS contacted four states out 7 arguably considered to have "strict" voter photo ID laws. At least in four states the Election Services representative did not express any concern with fake ID's for the coming election. All confirmed however, to not have any technology in place that would verify or decline a fake form of identification. In Wisconsin spokesperson Reid Magney said, 
"I'm not aware of how much a fake ID would cost, but I don't think someone is going to go through all that just to vote twice" 
But what if voting twice isn't the goal? A person could be ineligible to vote for a number of reasons like criminal history or immigration status and use a fake ID to do so.The easy access to fake ID's provides a solid supporting argument to allegations and even video released by Project Veritas Action investigators depicting Democratic campaign officials encouraging non-citizens to vote. 
There is a whole unit of Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) devoted to document fraud, and yet a quick search on Google yields credible fake ID vendors. Narcotics are accessible on the internet as well, but they require the use of software such as Tor in order to get to the 'darknet.” Tor allows you to visit websites that are only accessible on the software's browser and user's locations and identities are hidden through the use of thousands of relays. On the other hand, there is a large community on Reddit openly discussing which fake ID websites are credible, offering sales and giving reviews on products. Drivers licenses and student IDs are the main types of fraudulent identifications available on the open internet. For passports one can visit a 'dark marketplace” and purchase a fake Spanish passport for nearly $3,000. The subreddit 'fakeid” has over 15,000 subscribers and keeps a list of 'verified” vendors who the moderators have confirmed won't scam users. Sources close to The Daily Caller have ordered fake drivers licenses from these vendors, all of which have bar codes that can be scanned, proper holographics, and proven to be effective at liquor stores or hotel check-ins. 
According to ICE: 'ICE places a high priority on investigating document and benefit fraud. These types of fraud pose a severe threat to national security and public safety because they create a vulnerability that may enable terrorists, other criminals and illegal aliens to gain entry to and remain in the United States.” While ICE claims to place a 'high priority” on fake IDs, sites such as reallygoodfakes.com have had a registered domain since 2010. Besides the key issues related to fake drivers licenses of illegal immigration and terrorism that ICE identifies, fake IDs can also enable voter fraud. 
Ian Smith, investigative associate at the Immigration Reform Law Institute, told TheDC fake IDs are commonly used by illegal immigrants to 'obtain work, open a bank account, and rent an apartment.” We spoke with Leah Smith a spokesperson at Election Services in Mississippi and she seemed pretty confident in relying on poll workers this November 8th. 
"We have trained poll workers who know what a real ID looks like". 
Original article by The Daily Caller. 
——- Article by , Correspondent for TRUNEWS Got a news tip? Email us at Help support the ministry of TRUNEWS with your one-time or monthly gift of financial support. DONATE NOW ! DOWNLOAD THE TRUNEWS MOBILE APP! CLICK HERE!  

ARTICLE

Duterte Still Spiking US on Asian Political Tour October 26, 2016 Duterte Still Spiking US on Asian Political Tour 
Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte sought to assure Japan on Wednesday that his high-profile visit to China last week was about economics, not security, and vowed to stand on Tokyo's side over the disputed South China Sea when the time came, even though Duterte reiterated his harsh words for long-time ally Washington, saying he might end defense treaties. The volatile Philippine leader's visit to Japan comes amid jitters about his foreign policy goals This follows weeks of verbal attacks on ally the United States and overtures toward China. Duterte last week announced in China his "separation" from the United States He later insisted ties were not being severed and that he was merely pursuing an independent foreign policy. His perplexing comments pose a headache for Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, who has tightened ties with Washington while building closer security relations with Manila and other Southeast Asian countries as a counter-weight to a rising China. 
"You know I went to China for a visit. And I would like to assure you that all there was, was economics. We did not talk about arms. We avoided talking about alliances," he told an audience of Japanese businessmen. 
(TOKYO) - Duterte, speaking through a Japanese interpreter at the start of his talks with Abe, later said he would stand on Japan's side in the contentious matter of the South China Sea. 
Describing Japan as a "special friend who is closer than a brother", Duterte said after the meeting that Manila would work closely with Japan on regional issues of common concern and uphold the values of democracy, the rule of law and peaceful settlement of disputes including the South China Sea. 
Reading from a statement, he added: "Today we have taken steps to ensure that our ties remain vibrant and will gain greater strength in the years to come." 
INDEPENDENT FOREIGN POLICY 
Both Tokyo and Washington have grown worried that the commitment under Duterte's predecessor, Benigno Aquino, to stand up to China in the South China Sea is under threat, although Japan has no direct territorial row with Beijing there. 
Japan has a separate dispute with China over tiny, uninhabited isles in the East China Sea, and has been keen to stress the importance of the rule of law. 
Abe, for his part, said he welcomed Duterte's efforts to improve Manila's ties with Beijing and - noting the South China Sea issue was one of international interest - said the two leaders had agreed on the importance of settling maritime disputes peacefully. 
Aquino angered China by lodging a case with an arbitration court in the Hague challenging the legitimacy of Beijing's maritime claims in the resource-rich sea. The court's ruling in July emphatically favored Manila but was rejected by China, which has warned Washington and Tokyo to stay out of the feud. 
Duterte earlier told an audience of Japanese business executives he did not pick quarrels with his neighbors, but had tough words for Washington. 
"I have declared that I will pursue an independent foreign policy. I want, maybe in the next two years, my country free of the presence of foreign military troops. I want them out," he said. 
"And if I have to revise or abrogate agreements, executive agreements, this shall be the last maneuver, war games between the United States and the Philippines military." 
China claims almost the entire South China Sea, through which about $5 trillion worth of trade passes every year. Brunei, Malaysia, the Philippines, Taiwan and Vietnam also have claims on the sea, believed to have rich oil and gas deposits. 
Duterte has threatened to abrogate defense agreements with the United States several times but has yet to take any concrete action beyond cancelling some minor navy patrol exercises. 
In a pattern already becoming familiar, Duterte's foreign minister, Perfecto Yasay, tried to soothe concerns raised by the president's remarks. He told a news conference that Manila would respect treaty obligations as long as mutual interests converged. 
Japan and the Philippines also signed notes on two yen loan projects worth up to 21.4 billion yen ($205 million), including one to build two patrol boats for the Philippine Coast Guard to boost its capacity for search and rescue and law enforcement. 
Reuters contribution by Kiyoshi Takenaka and Linda Sieg ; Additional reporting by Enrico Dela Cruz and Manolo Serapio Jr in MANILA and Elaine Lies and Minami Funakoshi in Tokyo; Writing by Martin Petty and Linda Sieg; Editing by Michael Perry and Nick Macfie) Article by Doc Burkhart , Vice-President, General Manager and co-host of TRUNEWS with Rick Wiles Got a news tip? Email us at Help support the ministry of TRUNEWS with your one-time or monthly gift of financial support. DONATE NOW ! DOWNLOAD THE TRUNEWS MOBILE APP! CLICK HERE!  

ARTICLE

The Shadow Pope: Inside Look into Francis' Secretive Rule October 26, 2016 Pope Francis gestures during a meeting with the media onboard the papal plane while en route to Rome, Italy, November 30, 2015. REUTERS/Daniel Dal Zennaro/Pool/File Photo 
Reuters Senior Vatican Correspondent Philip Pullella has publishing a scathing report which looks into the secretive and reclusive management style of the first Jesuit Pope. Pope Francis has elected to pursue a secretive management style to push through progressive doctrines. Pope Francis kept nearly the entire Vatican hierarchy in the dark about his decision to ordain Father Simoni. Father Simoni: 'I did not believe either my ears or eyes. The pope said it, but I could not believe it. 'Can he be talking about another Ernest?' I said to myself." Pope Francis carries his own black briefcase, keeps his own agenda, and makes many of his own calls. In contrast: Benedict XVI and John Paul II, worked hand-in-hand with the Vatican bureaucracy, known as the curia. Internal critics say he relies too much on 'snap' judgments. Virtually 'impossible' to determine who is really close to Pope Francis. Francis's two priest-secretaries are Father Fabian Pedacchio Leaniz from Argentina and Father Yoannis Lahzi Gaid from Egypt. Source close to Pope: "He does not want any filters.” 'Sometimes he will tell one of his secretaries 'so-and-so is arriving in a few minutes' and that is the first they hear of it. Sometimes he tells one without telling the other." "He is sometimes like the leader who says 'I don't care what the generals say, I will tell Lieutenant so-and-so to take that hill'.” 
(VATICAN CITY) Father Ernest Simoni, a 88-year-old Albanian, was watching Pope Francis on television this month when, to his astonishment, he heard the pontiff mention his name. 
Francis announced that the simple, white-haired Roman Catholic priest, who had spent many years in jail during Albania's communist dictatorship, was to become a cardinal. 
It was the first that Simoni, or any of the other 16 new cardinals named by Francis at the same time, had heard of their elevation to the prestigious rank. 
"I did not believe either my ears or eyes," Simoni told Reuters in Albania. "The pope said it, but I could not believe it. 'Can he be talking about another Ernest?' I said to myself." 
But more significantly, the pope had also kept nearly the entire Vatican hierarchy in the dark about his decision, which he announced on Oct. 9 to thousands of pilgrims. 
The episode illustrates how Francis has used his own distinct management style to try to shake up the Church since his election in 2013. He is keeping his cards close to his chest as he tries to push through a progressive agenda to make the Church more welcoming in the face of conservative opposition. 
Interviews with a dozen current and past Vatican officials and aides paint a portrait of Pope Francis, a Jesuit who turns 80 in December, as eschewing filters between him and the outside world. He carries his own black briefcase, keeps his own agenda, and makes many of his own calls. 
In contrast, his two immediate predecessors, Benedict XVI and John Paul II, worked hand-in-hand with the Vatican bureaucracy, which is known as the curia. 
Behind Francis's approach is a clear mandate, received from the worldwide cardinals who elected him in 2013, to overhaul the curia. 
Over the decades the Vatican's administration has collected some of the Church's most orthodox officials, partly because of the lieutenants that Francis's two highly-conservative predecessors called to their entourages in Rome. 
As a result, Francis believes that only by reducing the power of the curia – including surprising it on some decisions - can the 1.2 billion-member Church embrace those who have felt marginalized, such as gays and the divorced. 
The approach has scored Francis some victories, such as bypassing conservative bishops to streamline the procedures by which Catholics can obtain marriage annulments. 
There have also been setbacks, such as putting too much power in one cardinal's hands to resolve financial problems and later having to rein him in. 
Some internal critics say he relies too much on snap judgments and others have urged greater transparency. They say his decisions to set up new structures, such as an economy ministry and an external advisory council of eight cardinals from around the world, were divisive and that he could have enacted change by putting new people at the top of existing departments. 
NO FILTERS 

One of the most striking differences between Francis and his two predecessors is that it is virtually impossible to determine who, if anyone, is really close to him. 
The personal secretaries of Benedict and John Paul - respectively Georg Ganswein, now an archbishop, and Stanislaw Dziwisz, now a cardinal - were always at their side and became celebrities in their own right, the powerful gate-keepers to get to the pope. 
By contrast, few people know the identities of Francis's two priest-secretaries - Father Fabian Pedacchio Leaniz from Argentina and Father Yoannis Lahzi Gaid, an Egyptian. Both have other part-time jobs in the Vatican and do not appear or travel with him. 
"He does not want any filters," said a person who knows the pope well. "Sometimes he will tell one of his secretaries 'so-and-so is arriving in a few minutes' and that is the first they hear of it. Sometimes he tells one without telling the other." 
This person, like most of the others interviewed for this article, has had direct dealings with Francis and all spoke on condition of anonymity as they were not authorized to talk to the media. 
This year, an Argentine visitor told a guard at a Vatican gate that the pope was expecting him. Phone calls had to be made to determine he was not a prankster. The pope had not told anyone he had invited the visitor. 
One person close to the pope said he likes to manage this way because it gives him freedom to bypass rigid channels of communication and makes it impossible for anyone to become indispensable, as top aides of previous popes did. 
JOYFUL DESTRUCTION 

Francis likes to break rules and then change them once the shock has died down. Two weeks after his election, he included women in a liturgical service open only to men. Later, he ordered that the rules be formally changed worldwide. 
Pope Benedict's sudden resignation in February 2013 brought to a climax one of the most turbulent periods in modern Vatican history, including the arrest of his butler for leaking documents that exposed corruption and cronyism. 
Francis watched from afar as Benedict's papacy unraveled under the weight of successive scandals. 
After he was elected, he appointed trusted people to lower or mid-level positions in Vatican departments, where they can be his eyes and ears. For example, Pedacchio, his Argentine secretary, also works in the department that decides who will become bishops. 
Monsignor Battista Mario Salvatore Ricca, an Italian who runs the Vatican guest house where the pope lives, was given a position at the Vatican bank as the link man between a supervisory commission of cardinals and the board of directors. 
"He is sometimes like the leader who says 'I don't care what the generals say, I will tell Lieutenant so-and-so to take that hill'," said a source, adding that the pope enjoyed rattling an inefficient bureaucracy with what the source described as "joyful destruction". 
FIRST IMPRESSIONS 

Several of those interviewed said Francis puts much stock in his immediate gut feelings about people. When he takes a liking to someone he can become blind to their faults and when he does not, it is hard to reverse that first impression, they said. 
Francis was impressed by Cardinal George Pell of Sydney when he met the Australian in 2013. In meetings cardinals held among themselves before that year's conclave, the former Australian Rules football player stood out not only for his height and broad shoulders but also for his command of financial matters. 
Months after his election, Francis, hoping to put an end to Vatican financial scandals, moved Pell to Rome to head a new ministry, the Secretariat for the Economy. 
After initially giving him sweeping powers, the pope later significantly trimmed them back when other departments accused Pell of treating them in an overbearing way and of being condescending to the Italian-dominated curia. 
Pell's position in the Vatican has also been weakened by allegations of sexual abuse when he was in Australia. Pell denies the allegations and the pope has said he will withhold judgment until an Australian investigation is over. 
In another controversial appointment, Francis, acting on a recommendation, named Francesca Chaouqui, a 32-year-old Italian public relations expert, to a commission advising him on reform. On July 8, 2016, a Vatican court convicted her of helping to leak embarrassing internal documents to journalists. 
Insiders say the Pell and Chaouqui cases are examples of Francis making decisions too quickly. 
Even though his health is good, they say he feels he has little time left and many things still to do; that perhaps explains the hastiness of some of his decisions. 
Francis appears to enjoy sending signals that he alone is calling the shots. 
When his predecessors spoke to the media on papal flights they were always flanked by the secretary of state or the deputy secretary of state. The stage management suggested that behind the man in white, there stood a centuries-old bureaucracy. 
Under Francis, those prelates now stay out of sight in the front section of the plane. 
This article was contributed by Reuters Please contact TRUNEWS correspondent Edward Szall with any news tips related to this story. Email: | Twitter: @EdwardSzall | Facebook: Ed Szall DOWNLOAD THE TRUNEWS MOBILE APP on Apple and Google Play !  

ARTICLE

TRUNEWS 10/26/16 Jeremy Wiles |   October 26, 2016 Will Deutsche Bank's derivatives be the spark which ignites the Western financial system? Today on TRUNEWS, Rick Wiles raises the alarm about Germany's biggest bank bracing for a potentially catastrophic earnings report Thursday, and NATO redeploying forces to Russia's doorstep. Rick also speaks with Jeremy Wiles, the CEO of KingdomWorks Studios, about his harrowing new film ' ”, which details the apathy German Christians displayed toward the Holocaust during World War 2, and the warning American evangelicals MUST heed everyday while the lives of the unborn are slaughtered domestically. 
Today's Audio Streamcast. Click the audio bar to listen: <span itemprop="name" content="TRUNEWS 10/26/16 Jeremy Wiles |  "></span> <span itemprop="description" content=""></span> <span itemprop="duration" content="4490"></span> <span itemprop="thumbnail" content="http://static.panda-os.com/p/1305/sp/130500/thumbnail/entry_id/0_jgdktlmn/version/1 /acv/62"></span> <span itemprop="width" content="350"></span> <span itemprop="height" content="25"></span> <a href="http://corp.kaltura.com/products/video-platform-features">Video Platform</a> <a href="http://corp.kaltura.com/Products/Features/Video-Management">Video Management</a> <a href="http://corp.kaltura.com/Video-Solutions">Video Solutions</a> <a href="http://corp.kaltura.com/Products/Features/Video-Player">Video Player</a> 
Right-click to download today's show to your local device in mp3 format: Streamcast MP3 
Email: | Twitter: @EdwardSzall | Facebook: Ed Szall DOWNLOAD THE TRUNEWS MOBILE APP on Apple and Google Play !   How To Listen To TRUNEWS 
Here on our show pages, there are two ways to listen to TRUNEWS. The first is to use the embedded player on the page. It is the black bar that you see above. Just click the arrow on the player for today's broadcast. If you prefer to save the program to listen to it later on your PC or mobile device, just click the 'DOWNLOAD MP3' link above to archive that particular streamcast. Streamcast Archives

ARTICLE

Putin Says Election Hacking Accusations are Political Ploys October 27, 2016 Putin Says Election Hacking Accusations are Political Ploys 
Russian President Vladimir Putin said on Thursday American politicians were whipping up hysteria about a mythical Russian threat in the U.S. presidential campaign as a ploy to distract voters from their own failings. 
Putin, addressing an audience of foreign policy experts gathered in southern Russia, said he found it hard to believe that anyone seriously thought Moscow was capable of influencing the Nov. 8 election. 
The U.S. government has formally accused Russia of a campaign of cyber attacks against Democratic Party organizations, while Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton has accused Republican rival Donald Trump of being a Putin "puppet". Article by Doc Burkhart , Vice-President, General Manager and co-host of TRUNEWS with Rick Wiles Got a news tip? Email us at Help support the ministry of TRUNEWS with your one-time or monthly gift of financial support. DONATE NOW ! DOWNLOAD THE TRUNEWS MOBILE APP! CLICK HERE! Donate Today! Support TRUNEWS to help build a global news network that provides a credible source for world news 
We believe Christians need and deserve their own global news network to keep the worldwide Church informed, and to offer Christians a positive alternative to the anti-Christian bigotry of the mainstream news media Top Stories

ARTICLE

NATO Accuses Russian Warships of Targeting Syrian Civilians October 27, 2016 NATO Accuses Russian Warships of Targeting Syrian Civilians 
The Russian Foreign Ministry dismissed suggestions from NATO that a Russian battle group in the Mediterranean would join the bombardment of Syria's Aleppo as absurd, the RIA news agency reported on Thursday. RIA cited the ministry as saying NATO had no reason to worry about the battle group NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg warned on Tuesday that the ships, headed for Syria, could be used to target civilians in the besieged city of Aleppo and to launch more air strikes. 
(MOSCOW) - Andrei Kelin , a senior Russian Foreign Ministry official, told RIA Stoltenberg's statement was unhelpful. 
"The concerns are not based on anything as our planes have not come near Aleppo for nine days. Our battle group is in the Mediterranean. Our ships have always had a presence there," said Kelin. 
"Why make some spurious suggestions and then make some political recommendations based on them? It is of course absurd." 
The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights has questioned Russia's statements about a moratorium on bombing Aleppo, saying the city has been hit by strikes since a lull in fighting ended on Saturday.

ARTICLE

Civil War Historian: Election 2016 could lead bloody repeat October 27, 2016 Dr. WIlliam Forstchen & Pastor Carl Gallups emphasizing importance of Election 2016 on 'The Jim Bakker Show”. Branson, MO, October 27, 2016. TRUNEWS/Edward Szall/YouTube Screenshot 
Montreat College professor William Forstchen says Election 2016 could lead to another bloody civil war. Professor Forstchen specializes in Civil War history. Forstchen gave warning on the October 25th edition of 'The Jim Bakker Show” during their weeklong, 'Ready Now Expo Oct. 2016.” Forstchen: 'I'm a civil war historian.” The U.S. election of 1860 'is the closest I can parallel this to.” 'And we all know what the price was. When we went to a civil war, they killed 660,000 young men because we became so divided.” Forstchen urged voters to turn out even if they disliked the candidates, because of other US congress races and the Supreme Court appointment. Forstchen: 'I do believe we are at 1860. We are that close to the edge of the debacle.” Baptist pastor Carl Gallups then alluded to false Christian doctrine: 'The prophecy clock started ticking” when the modern nation of Israel was established in 1948. In 1860: Four candidates received substantive amounts of votes in the U.S. presidential election. Abraham Lincoln (39.8 percent), Stephen Douglas (29.5 percent), John Breckinridge (18.1 percent) and John Bell (12.6 percent). On December 20, 1860 (44 days after Republican Lincoln was elected): Delegates to a convention in South Carolina unanimously voted to secede from the United States. Forstchen has co-authored books with Newt Gingrich. 
(WASHINGTON, DC) A professor who specializes in the Civil War appeared on a special edition of 'The Jim Bakker Show” last week to warn America that the 2016 presidential election could lead to another secessionist melee. 
'I'm a civil war historian,” the Montreat College professor, William Forstchen , explained by way of introduction. 
The U.S. election of 1860 'is the closest I can parallel this to,” Forstchen said. 
'And we all know what the price was,” the professor then said. 'When we went to a civil war, they killed 660,000 young men because we became so divided.” 
Next, Forstchen went on a lengthy diatribe about the U.S. Constitution and the importance of voting. 
He urged 'those of you who feel 'I can't quite pull the lever for this person or that person'” in the presidential election to vote because U.S. senators and representatives are up for election, and because the Senate must confirm Supreme Court justices. 
Forstchen failed to explain how the results of the 2016 election will hasten — or prevent — a civil war. He also did not specifically mention or endorse any candidates for office. 
Nevertheless, the professor concluded with an adamant exhortation that a civil war is nigh. 
'I do believe we are at 1860,” Forstchen said, looking directly into the camera. 'We are that close to the edge of the debacle.” 
From there, another guest, Baptist pastor Carl Gallups, declared that 'the prophecy clock started ticking” when the modern nation of Israel was established in 1948. 
Gallups, who introduced Donald Trump at a Donald Trump rally in January 2016, is famous because he has used his radio show to give a platform to people who deny the reality of the 2012 Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting, according to the Connecticut Post http://www.ctpost.com/local/article/Trump-disavows-Sandy-Hook-truther-who-6880064.php. Gallups has also said he believes neither Marco Rubio nor Ted Cruz are eligible to be president because of the circumstances of their births. 
The segment featuring Forstchen and Gallups was part of The Jim Bakker Show's weeklong 'Ready Now Expo Oct. 2016”— featuring several survival products. 
Four candidates received any substantive amount of votes in the U.S. presidential election in 1860: Abraham Lincoln (39.8 percent), Stephen Douglas (29.5 percent), John Breckinridge (18.1 percent) and John Bell (12.6 percent). 
On December 20, 1860, delegates to a convention in South Carolina unanimously voted to secede from the United States — 44 days after Lincoln, a Republican, was elected. 
Montreat College, Forstchen's employer, is a small Christian liberal arts college with a main campus located in rural North Carolina. 
Forstchen has written a couple dozen novels and several short stories. His co-author for some of the books is Newt Gingrich. 
This article was contributed by Daily Caller Please contact TRUNEWS correspondent Edward Szall with any news tips related to this story. Email: | Twitter: @EdwardSzall | Facebook: Ed Szall DOWNLOAD THE TRUNEWS MOBILE APP on Apple and Google Play ! Donate Today! Support TRUNEWS to help build a global news network that provides a credible source for world news 
We believe Christians need and deserve their own global news network to keep the worldwide Church informed, and to offer Christians a positive alternative to the anti-Christian bigotry of the mainstream news media Top Stories

ARTICLE

Coalition Nations Seek to Put North Korea in a Vise October 27, 2016 Coalition Nations Seek to Put North Korea in a Vise 
Japan, the United States and South Korea agreed on Thursday to work together to put more pressure on North Korea to get it to abandon its nuclear and missile programs , Japanese Vice Foreign Minister Shinsuke Sugiyama said. Tension on the Korean peninsula has been high this year, beginning with North Korea's fourth nuclear test in January, which was followed by a satellite launch, a string of tests of various missiles, and its fifth and largest nuclear test last month, all in defiance of international sanctions.Co "We reaffirmed the necessity to increase pressure against North Korea to have it give up its nuclear and missile development and realise the denuclearization of the peninsula," Sugiyama told reporters. He was speaking after a meeting in Tokyo with U.S. Deputy Secretary of State Antony Blinken and South Korean Deputy Foreign Minister Lim Sung-nam. 
(TOKYO) - Russia and North Korea's lone major ally, China, have pushed for a resumption of six-party talks on denuclearization in North Korea. The talks, which also involve Japan, South Korea and the United States, have been on hold since 2008. 
Lim said his government had decided to resume talks with Japan for the conclusion of General Security of Military Information Agreement (GSOMIA), a pact that would share sensitive information on North Korea's missile and nuclear activities. 
READ MORE: DNI CLAPPER SAYS THAT NORTH KOREA IS A LOST CAUSE 
The signing of the agreement was expected in 2012, but South Korea postponed it amid domestic opposition against concluding such a security pact with Japan, a one-time colonial ruler. 
Tokyo's ties with Seoul, plagued by a territorial spat and Japan's past military aggression, have warmed after reaching a landmark agreement last December to resolve the issue of Korean girls and women forced to work in Japan's wartime brothels. Article by Doc Burkhart , Vice-President, General Manager and co-host of TRUNEWS with Rick Wiles Got a news tip? Email us at Help support the ministry of TRUNEWS with your one-time or monthly gift of financial support. DONATE NOW ! DOWNLOAD THE TRUNEWS MOBILE APP! CLICK HERE! Donate Today! Support TRUNEWS to help build a global news network that provides a credible source for world news 
We believe Christians need and deserve their own global news network to keep the worldwide Church informed, and to offer Christians a positive alternative to the anti-Christian bigotry of the mainstream news media Top Stories

ARTICLE

Deutsche Bank LIVES: Shock profits posted in Q3 October 27, 2016 A green traffic light is seen next to the logo of Germany's largest business bank, Deutsche Bank in Frankfurt, Germany, October 27, 2016. REUTERS/Kai Pfaffenbach 
Deutsche Bank chief John Cryan has shocked the financial sector by posting a quarterly profit after expectations sent economists running for the hills Wednesday. Deutsche Bank posted an unexpected quarterly profit, likely due to staff and bonus cuts. Deutsche announced an unexpected net profit of 278 million euros ($303 million) in the third quarter. Profit attributed to a modest rebound in bond trading that boosted all Wall Street banks. Cryan: The quarter had been overshadowed by talks over the DOJs settlement proposal relating to sales of residential mortgage-backed securities (RMBS). Uncertainty had also taken its toll on "financial planning and strategy execution”. Cryan's letter to Deutsche staffers: The situation "will stay difficult for a while,” and I am working to finalize the settlement "as soon as possible”. Deutsche will also intensify major restructuring to counter a deteriorating environment for EU banking. Top ten shareholder: "Fixed income is still oversized in terms of cost and on group level there are still 10,000 staff too many." Deutsche Bank's CFO Marcus Schenck: Expect the fourth quarter trading business overall to exceed last year's performance. Cryan: Spending at least an hour a day explaining the bank's position to clients. "To dispel any myths, I don't just sit poring over spreadsheets". In Deutsche Banks retail and wealth management: Had assets of almost 440 billion euros, clients withdrew 9 billion euros in the third quarter. Deutsche has liquidity reserves of 200 billion euros, down from the 215 billion outlined on Sept. 30, and 223 billion euros in June. Deutsche increased their litigation reserves to 5.9 billion from 5.5 billion at the end of June. Deutsche revenue grew slightly at 7.5 billion euros, with bond trading earnings up 14 percent. Morgan Stanley analysts: "Top down, revenues were stronger and the bank is delivering on costs with this quarter being a fourth consecutive one of declining operating expenses.” In contrast: Barclays on Thursday reported a 40 percent spike in its business. 
(FRANKFURT, GERMANY) Deutsche Bank chief John Cryan pledged to redouble restructuring efforts on Thursday, warning that it faces tough times finalizing talks with U.S. justice authorities over a multi billion dollar fine. 
Germany's biggest lender earlier posted an unexpected quarterly profit, benefiting from a modest rebound in bond trading, but failed to dispel the cloud of uncertainty that drove clients to withdraw billions of euros. 
Cryan said on a conference call that the quarter had been overshadowed by talks over the U.S. Department of Justice's settlement proposal relating to sales of RMBS (residential mortgage-backed securities) which had caused uncertainty. 
As well as having an impact on investor and client views of the bank, this uncertainty had also taken its toll on "financial planning and strategy execution", Cryan added. 
Cryan warned Deutsche Bank employees in a letter that the situation "will stay difficult for a while" and said he was working to finalize the settlement "as soon as possible". 
Deutsche Bank would also intensify a major restructuring to counter a deteriorating environment for banking in Europe and elsewhere, Cryan said. 
However, a top ten shareholder called on the bank's management to make deeper cuts in its trading activities. "Fixed income is still oversized in terms of cost and on group level there are still 10,000 staff too many." 
Despite weeks of negative headlines, Deutsche was able to announce an unexpected net profit of 278 million euros ($303 million) in the third quarter, lifted by a surge in bond trading that boosted all Wall Street banks. 
This sent its shares to a more than one-month high, but they retreated in line with the market to be down 0.3 percent. 
Deutsche Bank's Chief Financial Officer Marcus Schenck also struck a positive note, saying he expects the fourth quarter trading business overall to exceed last year's performance. 
SPREADSHEET MYTH 

Cryan said he was spending at least an hour a day explaining the bank's position to clients, adding: "To dispel any myths, I don't just sit poring over spreadsheets". 
Negotiations over a $14 billion demand from the U.S. DoJ for misselling toxic mortgage-backed securities before the 2007-2009 financial crisis have set a bleak backdrop for Cryan. 
Thursday's results gave some insight into how this demand has rocked confidence in Deutsche Bank, which plays a critical role in financing some of Germany's biggest companies. 
In retail and wealth management, which had assets of almost 440 billion euros, clients withdrew 9 billion euros in the third quarter, Deutsche Bank revealed. Outflows had since abated, it said, although its global markets trading business was also hit. 
Cryan said the bank had liquidity reserves of 200 billion euros, a fall from the more than 215 billion he had outlined on Sept. 30. In June, the bank had 223 billion euros. 
Deutsche Bank set aside more money for its legal bill for numerous past missteps. Litigation reserves rose to 5.9 billion from 5.5 billion at the end of June. 
However, Deutsche Bank has so far not made a specific proposal for what it would be willing to pay to settle the RMBS case and has therefore not upped its provisions for it. It had hoped to settle the case for about $3 billion. 
Revenue grew slightly at 7.5 billion euros, ahead of analysts' expectations, mainly driven by Deutsche's trading, while business declined in other operating areas. 
"Top down, revenues were stronger and the bank is delivering on costs with this quarter being a fourth consecutive one of declining operating expenses," analysts at Morgan Stanley noted. 
Its bond trading, which has volatile earnings and tough capital requirements to meet, revenues were up 14 percent. But the rebound was less pronounced than at peers because of cuts Deutsche has made to the division. Barclays on Thursday reported a 40 percent spike in its business. 
In equities trading, Deutsche saw revenue fall as low stock market volatility gave investors less reason to trade, while revenue from corporate and investment banking fell by 1 percent. 
($1 = 0.9173 euros) 
This article was contributed by Reuters Please contact TRUNEWS correspondent Edward Szall with any news tips related to this story. Email: | Twitter: @EdwardSzall | Facebook: Ed Szall DOWNLOAD THE TRUNEWS MOBILE APP on Apple and Google Play ! Donate Today! Support TRUNEWS to help build a global news network that provides a credible source for world news 
We believe Christians need and deserve their own global news network to keep the worldwide Church informed, and to offer Christians a positive alternative to the anti-Christian bigotry of the mainstream news media Top Stories

ARTICLE

Erdogan Checks in with Obama Before Bombing Syria October 27, 2016 Erdogan Checks in with Obama Before Bombing Syria 
Turkey's military operation in northern Syria will target the town of Manbij, recently liberated from ISIS by Kurdish-led forces, and the jihadists' stronghold of Raqqa, President Tayyip Erdogan said on Thursday. In a speech in Ankara broadcast live, Erdogan said he had informed U.S. President Barack Hussein Obama about his plans for the operation in a telephone call. Syrian rebels, backed by Turkish warplanes, tanks and artillery, launched an operation dubbed "Euphrates Shield" in August to push Islamic State and Kurdish militia forces away from the border area of northern Syria. In a speech in Ankara broadcast live, Erdogan said he had informed U.S. President Barack Obama about his plans for the operation in a telephone call on Wednesday. Before Manbij and Raqqa, the operation will target the town of al-Bab, he said. 
(ANKARA) - Turkey has been angered at Washington's support for the Kurdish YPG militia in its battle against ISIS in Syria, with Ankara regarding it as a hostile force with deep ties to Kurdish militants fighting in southeast Turkey. 
A top U.S. military commander said on Wednesday YPG fighters will be included in the force to isolate Raqqa. Arab forces, and not Kurdish ones, are expected to be the ones to take the city itself, U.S. officials say. 
READ MORE: ONLY RUSSIA CAN SAVE THE WEST FROM ITSELF IN SYRIA 
Defence Minister Fikri Isik told state broadcaster TRT on Thursday that Turkey had asked the United States not to allow the YPG to enter Raqqa, saying it was ready to provide the necessary military support to take over the town. 
Erdogan also said that the Iraqi region of Sinjar, west of Mosul, was on its way to becoming a new base for Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK) militants and that Turkey would not allow this to happen. Article by Doc Burkhart , Vice-President, General Manager and co-host of TRUNEWS with Rick Wiles Got a news tip? Email us at Help support the ministry of TRUNEWS with your one-time or monthly gift of financial support. DONATE NOW ! DOWNLOAD THE TRUNEWS MOBILE APP! CLICK HERE! Donate Today! Support TRUNEWS to help build a global news network that provides a credible source for world news 
We believe Christians need and deserve their own global news network to keep the worldwide Church informed, and to offer Christians a positive alternative to the anti-Christian bigotry of the mainstream news media Top Stories

ARTICLE

London Bankers Fearful of Brexit Blowback October 27, 2016 London Bankers Fearful of Brexit Blowback 
London's financial district has called for a UK regulatory regime that does not harm competitiveness, responding to bankers' fears that being outside the European Union will reduce the capital's clout in global markets. The City of London's Lord Mayor, Jeffrey Mountevans , will tell regulators at a dinner on Wednesday evening that after Britain's vote in June to leave the EU, "realistic, collaborative" regulation is needed to keep the sector on an even keel. "Regulation that will continue to protect our competitiveness and provide liberal market influence across the EU, even after Brexit," Mountevans said in remarks released to the media in advance of the annual Mansion House dinner for bankers and regulators. The City is crying out for a consistent and forward-looking Brexit strategy that has a "bold, bright, buccaneering vision of the future", Mountevans will say. Some will see this as harking back to a discredited past. 
(LONDON) - This week the City marks 30 years since the day of the "Big Bang" deregulation of London's financial markets that helped to propel London to the top of the league table of global financial centers. 
The financial crisis of 2007-09 then forced taxpayers to bail out undercapitalized and poorly supervised lenders, tarnishing the "light touch" regulatory approach and ushering in a welter of tougher rules. 
READ MORE: BRITISH PRIME MINISTER READY FOR DIFFICULT MOMENTS IN BREXIT TALKS 
But since the Brexit vote, Paris, Frankfurt, Luxembourg and Dublin have vied to win a slice of the City's financial pie should banks and other companies move operations to other countries to maintain full access to EU markets. 
Backers of Brexit have also voiced hopes for an end to EU rules such as caps on banker bonuses. 
But Andrew Bailey, chief executive of the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA), who is also due to speak at the Mansion House dinner, has scotched talk of a post-Brexit bonfire of the regulations. 
At a launch of the FCA's public consultation on a new "mission" statement on Wednesday, Bailey said he would not support making competitiveness an objective. 
"The thing that we can contribute to competitiveness is sound regulation," Bailey told reporters. "It's not appropriate, in my view, to have a competitiveness objective." Article by Doc Burkhart , Vice-President, General Manager and co-host of TRUNEWS with Rick Wiles Got a news tip? Email us at Help support the ministry of TRUNEWS with your one-time or monthly gift of financial support. DONATE NOW ! DOWNLOAD THE TRUNEWS MOBILE APP! CLICK HERE! Donate Today! Support TRUNEWS to help build a global news network that provides a credible source for world news 
We believe Christians need and deserve their own global news network to keep the worldwide Church informed, and to offer Christians a positive alternative to the anti-Christian bigotry of the mainstream news media Top Stories

ARTICLE

Panic Grips Italy Residents : Strong Earthquakes October 27, 2016 An officer of the State Forestry Corp national police stands in front of a collapsed church in Campi di Norcia, central Italy, October 27, 2016. 
Three earthquakes paralyzed Italy's Umbria, Marche and Lazio regions throughout the night. Residents express unshakable fear. The series of earthquakes comes just two months after hundreds were killed by another one nearby. Many residents of Campi, a town of about 200, slept in their cars as aftershocks rocked the region. First tremor measured magnitude of 5.4, second at 6.1 and third one 4.9, aftershock came a couple hours after that, and dozens of weaker ones followed. Officials say that the first tremor served as a serious warning and residents fled their homes. 
(CAMPI, ITALY) After the night came daylight revealing widespread damage in central Italy on Thursday after strong earthquakes overnight caused panic and fear among residents just two months after a quake nearby killed hundreds. No one was killed this time, but dozens of people sustained minor injuries and about four others more serious ones, Italy's Civil Protection Agency said. 
Many residents of Campi, a town of about 200, slept in their cars as aftershocks rocked the Umbria, Marche and Lazio regions throughout the night. The earthquake on Aug. 24 in the same area killed nearly 300 people and destroyed several towns. 
"I can't shake off the fear," said Mauro Viola, 64, who said he had not sleep and had spent the night outside. 
Police had blocked off the road to his home with a park bench, and Viola said a chapel beyond his house had collapsed. 
The three quakes, about two hours apart, damaged several buildings, including Campi's late 14th century church, San Salvatore a Campi di Norcia, whose rose-windowed facade was reduced to rubble. The quakes were probably a result of August's seismic break, Massimiliano Cocco from Italy's National Institute of Geophysics and Vulcanology told the Corriere della Sera newspaper. 
The first tremor measured magnitude 5.4, causing many people to flee their homes and the second was stronger at 6.1 magnitude. A 4.9 aftershock came a couple hours after that, and dozens of weaker ones followed. Rescue workers set up some 50 beds in a quake-proof building for people who could not sleep in their homes. 
"The first tremor damaged buildings, with the second one we had collapses," fire department official, Rosario Meduri, said. 
He had come from southern Italy before Wednesday's tremors to help secure structures damaged by the August earthquake that hit some 50 km (30 miles) to the south. 
While massive boulders that tumbled down the valley had yet to be cleared from the roads, on the whole there was a sense of relief. 
The fact that the first earthquake was weaker than the second probably helped save lives because most people had already left their homes, Interior Minister Angelino Alfano said on state radio. 
He also said that a decree now being voted on by parliament to pay for the immediate costs of the August tremor could be extended to cover the latest series of quakes. 
Contributed by Reuters.

ARTICLE

TRUNEWS 10/27/16 Rob Kirby | Unspoken Secrets October 27, 2016 Will the media ever publicize the DARKEST secrets already released by Julian Assange? Today on TRUNEWS, Rick Wiles details the latest election defining revelations, as WikiLeaks exposes Bill's generational 'get rich' scheme, run through the Clinton Foundation, and the elite's preparations for World War as an October Surprise. Rick also speaks with Rob Kirby, the financial analyst behind Kirby Analytics, regarding the Deutsche Bank's magical earnings report, and the state of the largest economic bubble in human history. 
Today's Audio Streamcast. Click the audio bar to listen: <span itemprop="name" content="TRUNEWS 10/27/16 Rob Kirby | Unspoken Secrets"></span> <span itemprop="description" content="Will the media ever publicize the DARKEST secrets already released by Julian Assange? Today on TRUNEWS, Rick Wiles details the latest election defining revelations, as WikiLeaks exposes Bill's generational 'get rich' scheme, run through the Clinton Foundation, and the elite&#x27;s preparations for World War as an October Surprise. Rick also speaks with Rob Kirby, the financial analyst behind Kirby Analytics, regarding the Deutsche Bank's magical earnings report, and the state of the largest economic bubble..."></span> <span itemprop="duration" content="4889"></span> <span itemprop="thumbnail" content="http://static.panda-os.com/p/1305/sp/130500/thumbnail/entry_id/0_7hhiwe8g/version/1 /acv/62"></span> <span itemprop="width" content="350"></span> <span itemprop="height" content="25"></span> <a href="http://corp.kaltura.com/products/video-platform-features">Video Platform</a> <a href="http://corp.kaltura.com/Products/Features/Video-Management">Video Management</a> <a href="http://corp.kaltura.com/Video-Solutions">Video Solutions</a> <a href="http://corp.kaltura.com/Products/Features/Video-Player">Video Player</a> 
Right-click to download today's show to your local device in mp3 format: Streamcast MP3 
Email: | Twitter: @EdwardSzall | Facebook: Ed Szall DOWNLOAD THE TRUNEWS MOBILE APP on Apple and Google Play ! Donate Today! Support TRUNEWS to help build a global news network that provides a credible source for world news 
We believe Christians need and deserve their own global news network to keep the worldwide Church informed, and to offer Christians a positive alternative to the anti-Christian bigotry of the mainstream news media How To Listen To TRUNEWS 
Here on our show pages, there are two ways to listen to TRUNEWS. The first is to use the embedded player on the page. It is the black bar that you see above. Just click the arrow on the player for today's broadcast. If you prefer to save the program to listen to it later on your PC or mobile device, just click the 'DOWNLOAD MP3' link above to archive that particular streamcast. Streamcast Archives

ARTICLE

Bankrupt Hanjin breaks stalemate, vessels begin cargo unload October 28, 2016 A Hanjin Shipping Co ship is seen stranded outside the Port of Long Beach, California, September 8, 2016. REUTERS/Lucy Nicholson/File Photo 
A Hanjin shipping vessel which has spent months in limbo has docked in Vancouver to unload cargo and replenish almost bare food provisions. The Hanjin Scarlet docked at DP World's Centerm terminal within the Port of Vancouver on Oct 27. Peter Lahay, ITWF Inspector and coordinator: Hanjin Scarlet has been sitting 28 miles outside Prince Rupert for several months. Hanjin's collapse forced ports around the world to deny service to its ships for fear they would not be paid. South Korea's Hanjin Shipping Co Ltd filed for court receivership at the end of August, which set the stage for its assets to be frozen. Michael Gurney, Prince Rupert Port Authority spokesman: The Hanjin Scarlet arrived into the port on Aug. 30 and discharged some containers at one of its terminals. It then remained under arrest and at anchor in the outer harbor for nearly two months Also under arrest: Hanjin Vienna remains at anchor off Victoria, British Columbia. Will discharge on Nov 3. 
(VANCOUVER) A container vessel that spent months sitting off Canada's west coast due to the collapse of South Korea shipping company Hanjin docked in Vancouver on Thursday, according to union officials and ship tracking data. 
The Hanjin Scarlet arrived at DP World's Centerm terminal within the Port of Vancouver by early afternoon, according to Thomson Reuters ship tracking data. 
The ship, which has 24 crew members, will unload cargo on board, Lahay said. He added that crew members had less than 10 days worth of food and provisions left, and had run out of fresh food. 
The vessel, with nearly 800 containers on board, had been sitting some 45 km (28 miles) outside Prince Rupert for several months, said Peter Lahay, an inspector and coordinator with the International Transport Workers Federation.

ARTICLE

ECB policymakers tout December stimulus extension October 28, 2016 Benoit Coeure, member of the Executive Board of the European Central Bank (ECB), attends a Lamfalussy Lectures Conference in Budapest, Hungary, February 1, 2016. REUTERS/Laszlo Balogh 
European Central Bank Board Member Benoit Coeure and Governing Council member Philip Lane says the ECB will extend its €80 bn monthly stimulus asset buying initiative in December. Board members said ECB will provide stimulus until a sustained inflation rebound, regardless of side-effects. Coeure: Warned bank's margin of operation was reduced as rates approach their effective limits. "Postponing the necessary reforms is not a valid option anymore.” Lane: ECB was "pretty happy" with the accommodation provided so far and did not see serious signs of the negative side effects. "Until inflation is at a sustainable path to the current target, the current policy of accommodation will continue.” Inflation has missed the ECB's 2 percent target for three and a half years and is expect to undershoot until late 2018 at the earliest. Coeure: "Although our objective is forward looking, there is a risk that continued undershooting of our inflation aim will cause households and firms to revise down their inflation expectations." "And lower inflation expectations directly lower the equilibrium nominal interest rate, requiring a lower interest rate to create monetary stimulus.” 
(LONDON/FRANKFURT) The European Central Bank will provide stimulus until a sustained inflation rebound, even as its unprecedented measures come with side effects and face constraints, two policymakers said on Friday, just as the bank is contemplating more easing. 
Facing stubbornly low inflation, the ECB will decide in December whether to extend its 80 billion euro per month asset buys beyond its scheduled end next March, having to balance diminishing costs with increasing side effects. 
Arguing that the ECB's measures are working, Board Member Benoit Coeure also warned bank's margin of operation was reduced as rates approach their effective limits, so governments had to start pulling their weight to revive the euro zone economy. Please contact TRUNEWS correspondent Edward Szall with any news tips related to this story. Email: | Twitter: @EdwardSzall | Facebook: Ed Szall DOWNLOAD THE TRUNEWS MOBILE APP on Apple and Google Play ! Donate Today! Support TRUNEWS to help build a global news network that provides a credible source for world news 
We believe Christians need and deserve their own global news network to keep the worldwide Church informed, and to offer Christians a positive alternative to the anti-Christian bigotry of the mainstream news media Top Stories

ARTICLE

Now Malaysia Dumps US for Chinese Naval Vessels October 28, 2016 Now Malaysia Dumps US for Chinese Naval Vessels 
Malaysia will sign a contract to purchase Littoral Mission Ships from China when Prime Minister Najib Razak visits Beijing next week, according to a Facebook posting by the country's Ministry of Defence. Malaysia follows the Philippines in this regional shift from the United States to China The text of a speech to be delivered by Malaysian defense minister Hishammuddin Hussein was posted on Facebook on Tuesday The statement was later removed after media asked a defense ministry spokesman for comment. The purchase of the patrol vessels, if it proceeds, would be Malaysia's first significant defense deal with China and comes amid rising tensions in the South China Sea and as the United States and China compete for influence in the region. Article by Doc Burkhart , Vice-President, General Manager and co-host of TRUNEWS with Rick Wiles Got a news tip? Email us at Help support the ministry of TRUNEWS with your one-time or monthly gift of financial support. DONATE NOW ! DOWNLOAD THE TRUNEWS MOBILE APP! CLICK HERE! Donate Today! Support TRUNEWS to help build a global news network that provides a credible source for world news 
We believe Christians need and deserve their own global news network to keep the worldwide Church informed, and to offer Christians a positive alternative to the anti-Christian bigotry of the mainstream news media Top Stories

ARTICLE

Hillary Emails: 'Taken Care Of” October 28, 2016 Hillary Clinton waves to the crowd after delivering her ''official launch speech'' at a campaign kick off rally in Franklin D. Roosevelt Four Freedoms Park on Roosevelt Island in New York City, June 13, 2015. 
Recently released email show a Clinton campaign manager pretty confident that "everything was taken care of", It is believed he referred to Clinton's email usage. 
Members of what would become Hillary Clinton's campaign team discussed her use of a private email account as secretary of state in Summer 2014, months before her email practices were publicly revealed. But an email released on Thursday shows that Robby Mook, Clinton's campaign manager, was not overly concerned about the issue at that time because he was told that 'everything was taken care of.” It is not clear what Mook meant by the cryptic statement, which he made in an exchange with Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta. 
The email, which was hacked from Podesta's Gmail account and released by WikiLeaks, is the first to show that the Clinton team was caught almost completely off guard by The New York Times' March 2, 2015 story about Clinton's email usage. The late-night email exchange happened within hours of the New York Times breaking the news that Clinton exclusively used a private email account in a way that may have broken records rules. 
'Did you have any idea of the depth of this story?” Podesta asked Mook in the email. 
At 1:32 a.m., Mook wrote back: 
"Nope. We brought up the existence of emails in research this summer but were told that everything was taken care of." 
The exchange appears to show that even Clinton's most senior aides were initially unprepared for the scale of revelations about Clinton's email practices, which would end up dogging her campaign all the way through to the final weeks leading up to the Nov. 8 election. After a yearlong investigation, James Comey, the director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, said in July that Clinton and her staff were "extremely careless" with classified information, but that no reasonable prosecutor would bring charges.

ARTICLE

Bundy Family Redeemed with Not Guilty Verdict in Oregon Case October 28, 2016 Bundy Family Redeemed with Not Guilty Verdict in Oregon Case 
A federal court jury delivered a surprise verdict on Thursday acquitting anti-governme leader Ammon Bundy and six followers of conspiracy charges stemming from their role in the armed takeover of a wildlife center in Oregon earlier this year. The outcome marked a stinging defeat for federal prosecutors and law enforcement in a trial the defendants sought to turn into a pulpit for airing their opposition to U.S. government control over millions of acres of public lands in the West. Bundy and others, including his brother and co-defendant Ryan Bundy, cast the 41-day occupation of the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge as a patriotic act of civil disobedience. Prosecutors called it a lawless scheme to seize federal property by force Article by Doc Burkhart , Vice-President, General Manager and co-host of TRUNEWS with Rick Wiles Got a news tip? Email us at Help support the ministry of TRUNEWS with your one-time or monthly gift of financial support. DONATE NOW ! DOWNLOAD THE TRUNEWS MOBILE APP! CLICK HERE! Donate Today! Support TRUNEWS to help build a global news network that provides a credible source for world news 
We believe Christians need and deserve their own global news network to keep the worldwide Church informed, and to offer Christians a positive alternative to the anti-Christian bigotry of the mainstream news media Top Stories

ARTICLE

Pence Plane Scare October 28, 2016 A campaign plane that had been carrying U.S. Republican vice presidential nominee Mike Pence rests in the grass after it skidded off the runway while landing in the rain at LaGuardia 
U.S. Republican vice presidential nominee Mike Pence and family declared safe after his plane skids off runway. 
A plane carrying U.S. Republican vice presidential nominee Mike Pence skidded off the runway after landing in the rain at New York City's LaGuardia Airport on Thursday, halting flights for at least an hour, officials said. No one was injured in the incident which occurred less than two weeks before the U.S. presidential election, crucial campaign days for Pence and running mate Donald Trump. Pence pledged to hit the campaign trail again on Friday. 
"So thankful everyone on our plane is safe," the Indiana governor said on Twitter after the incident. "Grateful for our first responders & the concern & prayers of so many." 
The Boeing 737 was coming in for a landing and went off the runway at about 7:40 p.m. local time (2340 GMT). The plane was stopped by a crushable type of concrete runway that arrested the aircraft's movement, Federal Aviation Administration spokesman Jim Peters said. Trump called his running mate before a rally in Geneva, Ohio. 
"I just spoke to Mike Pence and he's fine," Trump told the crowd at the rally. "The plane skidded off the runway and was pretty close to grave, grave danger.” 
The FAA and National Transportation Safety Board said they will investigate the cause of the incident. 
——- Article by , Correspondent for TRUNEWS Got a news tip? Email us at Help support the ministry of TRUNEWS with your one-time or monthly gift of financial support. DONATE NOW ! DOWNLOAD THE TRUNEWS MOBILE APP! CLICK HERE! Donate Today! Support TRUNEWS to help build a global news network that provides a credible source for world news 
We believe Christians need and deserve their own global news network to keep the worldwide Church informed, and to offer Christians a positive alternative to the anti-Christian bigotry of the mainstream news media Top Stories

ARTICLE

Geert Wilders announces boycott of Free Speech Trial October 28, 2016 File picture: Dutch far-right Party for Freedom (PVV) leader Geert Wilders answers questions during a Reuters interview in Budapest, Hungary, June 24, 2016. REUTERS/Laszlo Balogh/File Picture 
Dutch Nationalist Geert Wilders has announced he refuses to attend his free speech trial because he believes it is politically motivated. Wilders: "Next Monday, the trial against freedom of speech begins. Against a politician who says what the politically correct elite does not want to hear.” "This trial is a political trial, in which I refuse to cooperate." Wilders is accused of discrimination and inciting racism after a famous TV appearance in 2014. Wilders faces a fine of up to 7,400 euros ($8,100) and a year in jail for the remarks. Wilders: "It is a travesty that I have to stand trial because I spoke about fewer Moroccans. It is my right and my duty as a politician to speak about the problems in our country.” Dutch elections are set for March 15, 2017. Opinion polls: Wilders' Freedom Party is neck-and-neck with the VVD Party of conservative Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte. In 2011: Wilders was acquitted of inciting racial hatred for calling for the Koran to be banned and for the deportation of "criminal" Moroccans. Judges at time: His remarks, while offensive to some, were within the bounds of legitimate political discourse. Legal experts: Prosecutors have a stronger case this time because Wilders targeted a specific social group, rather than a religion. 
(AMSTERDAM, NETHERLANDS) Geert Wilders, the Dutch anti-Islam opposition leader, said on Friday that he refuses to attend his trial next week and that he sees it as politically motivated. 
Wilders is accused of discrimination and inciting racism in remarks made on live television in 2014 when he led a roomful of people chanting that they wanted fewer Moroccans in the Netherlands. 
Dutch politicians are limbering up to campaign for elections on March 15, with opinion polls indicating that Wilders' Freedom Party is now neck-and-neck with the VVD Party of conservative Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte. 
"Next Monday, the trial against freedom of speech begins.Against a politician who says what the politically correct elite does not want to hear," Wilders wrote in a statement. "This trial is a political trial, in which I refuse to cooperate."

ARTICLE

Emails show Clinton staff knew about private server in 2014 October 28, 2016 Hillary Clinton waves to the crowd after delivering her "official launch speech" at a campaign kick off rally in Franklin D. Roosevelt Four Freedoms Park on Roosevelt Island in New York City, June 13, 2015. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson 
John Podesta's Wiki-leaked Gmail shows that would-be-staff of Hillary Clinton's campaign openly discussed her use of the private email account back in Summer 2014, but were told not to worry because 'everything was taken care of.” John Podesta, Clinton campaign chairmen: 'Did you have any idea of the depth of this story?” Robby Mook, Clinton campaign manager: 'Nope. We brought up the existence of emails in reserach [sic] this summer but were told that everything was taken care of.” At the time of the exchange, Clinton had not officially announced her candidacy. According to NY Times: Clinton exclusively used a private email account while serving as secretary of state. Clinton violated State Department and Obama administration policies regarding email use. Clinton also flouted the Federal Records Act, which requires government officials to return their work product to their governing agency. Clinton did not give the State Department her work-related emails until Dec. 5, 2014. The State Department and Clinton's legal team began negotiating the hand-over of Clinton's emails in Summer 2014. Cheryl Mills, Clinton's State Department chief of staff and her personal attorney: Led discussions with State Department about the email hand-over. Mills was also in frequent contact with Podesta and Mook in 2014. 
(WASHINGTON, DC) Members of what would become Hillary Clinton's campaign team discussed her use of a private email account as secretary of state in Summer 2014, months before her email practices were publicly revealed. But an email released on Thursday shows that Robby Mook, Clinton's campaign manager, was not overly concerned about the issue at that time because he was told that 'everything was taken care of.” 
It is not clear what Mook meant by the cryptic statement, which he made in an exchange with Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta. 
The email, which was hacked from Podesta's Gmail account and released by WikiLeaks, is the first to show that the Clinton team was caught almost completely off guard by The New York Times' March 2, 2015 story about Clinton's email usage. 
'Did you have any idea of the depth of this story?” Podesta asked Mook in the email. 
'Nope,” wrote Mook. 'We brought up the existence of emails in reserach [sic] this summer but were told that everything was taken care of.”

ARTICLE

HOT Topic: Catholics & Lutherans October 28, 2016 File photo of Pope Francis talking during his visit to the Lutheran church in Rome, November 15, 2015. 
An unlikely match is in the works. Pope Francis creates anticipation for intercommunion between Catholics and Lutherans. 
After 500 years of clear differences between them, intercommunion between Catholics and Lutherans seems to be closer to becoming a reality. Lutheran and Catholic bishops are expressing their expectation of the ability to receive Communion in the Catholic Church, a practice that is not lawful. Pope Francis, who will travel to Lund, Sweden, to participate in the ceremonies, has himself elicited the excitement by suggesting that intercommunion is a possibility. 
The Lutheran Church of Sweden to which Pope Francis is going for the celebration accepts contraception, abortion, homosexuality, and female clergy, all of which are strictly forbidden in the Catholic Church. Regarding the Eucharist, Lutherans have a fundamentally different faith from Catholics. Nevertheless, Eucharistic intercommunion seems to be the main desire for Lutheran and Catholic leaders. There doesn't seem to be much talk about whether married homosexual couples will be taking communion together at the Catholic Church. It is after all a legitimate concern for many considering the position of both Catholics and Lutherans on the issue. Donate Today! Support TRUNEWS to help build a global news network that provides a credible source for world news 
We believe Christians need and deserve their own global news network to keep the worldwide Church informed, and to offer Christians a positive alternative to the anti-Christian bigotry of the mainstream news media Top Stories

ARTICLE

Comey Reopens Hillary Email Server Investigation October 28, 2016 Comey Reopens Hillary Email Server Investigation 
(WASHINGTON) The head of the FBI said on Friday the agency would investigate additional emails that have surfaced related to Hillary Clinton's use of a personal email server to determine whether they contain classified information, adding that it is unclear how significant the new materials may be. 
In a letter to key Republicans committee chairmen in the House of Representatives, FBI Director Comey said that he "cannot predict how long it will take us to complete this additional work." 
Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton's campaign was hit on Friday by the FBI's reopening of its investigation into her use of a private email server while secretary of state, eroding a political boost from a strong U.S. economic report. 
With just 11 days to go before the Nov. 8 election, FBI Director James Comey said in a letter to several congressional Republicans that the agency had learned of the existence of emails that appeared to be pertinent to its investigation. 
However, he said the FBI did not know if the emails were significant and did not provide a time frame for the probe. 
Republican Donald Trump's campaign reacted with glee. His campaign manager, Kellyanne Conway, said on Twitter that "a great day in our campaign just got even better." 
The resurrection of the email issue, which has dogged Clinton's campaign from the start, dimmed a day that had featured good news for her effort to win the White House. 
The Commerce Department reported that the economy grew at a 2.9 percent annual rate in the third quarter, its fastest pace in two years and higher than the expected 2.6 percent, thanks to a surge in exports and a rebound in investment. 
The report had bolstered Clinton, who has positioned herself as the best candidate to continue years of economic expansion under Democratic President Barack Obama. 
More Americans say jobs and the economy are their No. 1 priority when they decide who to vote for than any other issue. 
Trump argues that as a successful businessman and political outsider, he is the best person to take a new approach to rebuilding an economy that has sent too many jobs overseas and left many Americans struggling to find decent jobs. 
His campaign said the figures are still not good enough. 
"America can do better than the modest growth of 2.9 percent recorded for the 3rd quarter and the dismal growth of 1.5 percent for the past year," Dan Kowalski, Trump's deputy policy director, said in a statement. 
While many voters do not follow economic indicators closely, outside experts said the release was still a good one for Clinton. She is seeking to solidify her lead in opinion polls as the Democratic Party works to win as many seats as possible in the U.S. Senate and House of Representatives, where Republicans now control majorities. 
Clinton has also been looking to broaden the electoral map. Her campaign said on Friday that she would campaign in Arizona next week. 
"Today's release will likely improve the perception of economic conditions in the U.S. and slightly increase the odds of a Democratic president remaining in the White House," said Brian Schaitkin, senior economist at the Conference Board. 
Clinton's camp said Friday's report showed "real progress" since Obama took office in 2009, when the country was struggling to emerge from economic recession. 
"With more than 15 million jobs created since early 2010 and real median incomes growing more than 5 percent last year, it's clear we've made real progress coming back from the crisis," Clinton senior policy advisor Jacob Leibenluft said in a statement. 
But he added that there is still more that can be done. 
Clinton was campaigning on Friday in Iowa, where polls show she and Trump running neck-and-neck, and in Michigan, a traditionally Democratic state hit hard by the movement offshore of many formerly well-paying American manufacturing jobs. 
Trump was holding rallies in Iowa as well as in another closely contested swing state, New Hampshire, and in Maine, where his campaign sees a chance to grab one of four electoral votes. 
 

ARTICLE

The Firefighter's Prophecy: Is Trump God's Man? October 28, 2016 
A firefighter from Florida appeared on TRUNEWS with Rick Wiles in April 2016, in which he shared his years-old vision of Donald Trump becoming president. 
Many people are questioning how Donald Trump fits into God's plan for the nation. 
Some say he's a modern-day Cyrus; others compare him to Nebuchadnezzar. 
Now, firefighter Mark Taylor tells TruNews' Rick Wiles that Trump was ordained for such a time as this. 
"The Spirit of God says, 'I have chosen this man, Donald Trump, for such a time as this. For as Benjamin Netanyahu is to Israel, so shall this man be to the United States of America! For I will use this man to bring honor, respect and restoration to America. America will be respected once again as the most powerful and prosperous nation on Earth, (other than Israel). The dollar will be the strongest it has ever been in the history of the United States, and will once again be the currency by which all others are judged,'" Taylor says the Lord told him five years ago. 
So what does this mean for today? Listen to the TRUNEWS program from April 18, 2016 and ask the Lord for discernment.  

ARTICLE

TRUNEWS 10/28/16 Dr. Yvette Isaac | Weiner-Gate Derails Clinton Campaign October 28, 2016 Will Weiner-Gate be the scandal that derails the Clinton campaign? Today on TRUNEWS, Rick Wiles details the fallout from FBI Director James Comey's historic decision to re-open the investigation into Hillary's private email server. Rick also speaks with Dr. Yvette Isaac, the General Director of Roads of Success, about the Godless genocide of Syrian Christians at the hands of ISIS jihadists. Lastly, Fior Hernandez provides an update on the persecution of Georgia Pastor Dr. Eric Walsh, who was subpoenaed to relinquish his sermons and Bible for a politically correct governmental review. 
Today's Audio Streamcast. Click the audio bar to listen: <span itemprop="name" content="TRUNEWS 10/28/16 Dr. Yvette Isaac | When Will They Lock Her Up?"></span> <span itemprop="description" content=""></span> <span itemprop="duration" content="4259"></span> <span itemprop="thumbnail" content="http://static.panda-os.com/p/1305/sp/130500/thumbnail/entry_id/0_yzlnvmv5/version/0/acv/52"></span> <span itemprop="width" content="350"></span> <span itemprop="height" content="25"></span> <a href="http://corp.kaltura.com/products/video-platform-features">Video Platform</a> <a href="http://corp.kaltura.com/Products/Features/Video-Management">Video Management</a> <a href="http://corp.kaltura.com/Video-Solutions">Video Solutions</a> <a href="http://corp.kaltura.com/Products/Features/Video-Player">Video Player</a> 
Right-click to download today's show to your local device in mp3 format: Streamcast MP3 
Email: | Twitter: @EdwardSzall | Facebook: Ed Szall DOWNLOAD THE TRUNEWS MOBILE APP on Apple and Google Play ! Donate Today! Support TRUNEWS to help build a global news network that provides a credible source for world news 
We believe Christians need and deserve their own global news network to keep the worldwide Church informed, and to offer Christians a positive alternative to the anti-Christian bigotry of the mainstream news media How To Listen To TRUNEWS 
Here on our show pages, there are two ways to listen to TRUNEWS. The first is to use the embedded player on the page. It is the black bar that you see above. Just click the arrow on the player for today's broadcast. If you prefer to save the program to listen to it later on your PC or mobile device, just click the 'DOWNLOAD MP3' link above to archive that particular streamcast. Streamcast Archives

ARTICLE

The Great Move of China 2020 is Underway October 31, 2016 The Great Move of China 2020 is Underway 
China will invest 946.3 billion yuan ($140 billion) by 2020 to relocate its poorest citizens from remote, inland regions to more developed areas, the state planner said on Monday. 
The mass relocation is part of a strategy to lift 10 million people out of poverty by 2020, with 2 million estimated to be moved this year, the state council said in May. 
The funds will be used mainly to construct homes, support facilities and basic public infrastructure, with the rest going to the restoration of vacated lands, state planner National Development and Reform Commision (NDRC) said in a document. 
READ MORE: CHINA BETS BIN ON NUCLEAR FOR ENERGY INDEPENDENCE 
The investment will be financed mainly by China's two policy banks - China Development Bank and Agricultural Development Bank of China, who will provide 341.3 billion yuan in long-term loans and 50 billion yuan in construction bonds - as well as by local governments, who will provide 285.8 billion yuan. 
Local governments will also raise up to 100 billion yuan through bonds, while the central government in Beijing will allocate around 80 billion yuan. Relocated villagers are expected to contribute 21.5 billion yuan. 
China's poor make up about 5 percent of a population of 1.4 billion, living mostly in the countryside and earning less than 2,300 yuan a year, according to the government and state media. 
More than 12 million people were moved in earlier relocation efforts as of the end of last year, the NDRC said. Article by Doc Burkhart , Vice-President, General Manager and co-host of TRUNEWS with Rick Wiles Got a news tip? Email us at Help support the ministry of TRUNEWS with your one-time or monthly gift of financial support. DONATE NOW ! DOWNLOAD THE TRUNEWS MOBILE APP! CLICK HERE! Donate Today! Support TRUNEWS to help build a global news network that provides a credible source for world news 
We believe Christians need and deserve their own global news network to keep the worldwide Church informed, and to offer Christians a positive alternative to the anti-Christian bigotry of the mainstream news media Top Stories

ARTICLE

Assad's Opposition in Syria Favors Clinton Win for President October 31, 2016 Assad's Opposition in Syria Favors Clinton Win for President 
Syria's political opposition hopes Hillary Clinton wins the U.S. presidential election next week because she has a better understanding of the conflict than Donald Trump, according to members of a delegation holding talks at the United Nations . Khaled Khoja and Hind Kabawat, in Geneva on Monday to press for U.N.-led negotiations on the release of Syrian detainees, said they trusted Clinton, a former U.S. Secretary of State, to deliver on the opposition's top priority - protecting civilians. Clinton has called for the establishment of a no-fly zone and "safe zones" on the ground in Syriato protect non-combatants. Trump says this could "lead to World War Three" due to the potential for conflict with Russia, which is providing military support to President Bashar al-Assad. Kabawat said Trump, who has never held public office and has no foreign policy experience, saw Islamic State, also known as ISIS, as the only alternative to Assad in Syria. "For us a woman's leadership at this time would be a good thing. Also for many, like Trump and others, they think that the Syrian conflict is comparing Assad with ISIS and they have to take one side or the other, and of course for them Assad will look more prominent than ISIS," said Kabawat. "She (Clinton) knows that is wrong. She knows that there is this moderate opposition that believes in democracy and freedom. This is what we are aiming for, to have a president of the U.S. with good experience who knows the difference between the different oppositions." Assad, whose forces have regained much territory against their opponents with the help ofRussian warplanes, has branded all those opposed to his rule as "terrorists". 
(SYRIA) - Trump has said defeating Islamic State should be a higher priority than trying to persuade Assad to step aside, a departure from a long-held U.S. policy objective. 
Khoja, leading the Syrian opposition delegation in Geneva, disagreed with this viewpoint. 
"Dealing with only the ISIS issue will not help with solving the crisis in Syria or the region because the root cause of the crisis is the (Assad) regime itself," he said. 
Kabawat, an attorney and a member of the opposition High Negotiations Committee, added that the Syrian political opposition wanted to see women playing an equal role to men in the nation's politics. 
READ MORE: ONLY RUSSIA CAN SAVE THE WEST FROM ITSELF IN SYRIA 
The opposition delegation, which has links to the Free Syrian Army but not with Islamic State or al Qaeda-linked groups, is in Geneva this week to revive the issue of prisoner releases, sidelined during months of fruitless peace talks. 
Khoja said more than 100 armed groups had shown their willingness to cooperate but there had been no sign of cooperation from Assad's government or Russia, adding that the United Nations should form a committee on the matter. 
"If it's needed, if there is a response from the regime side to release the detainees and stop killings inside Syria, then we can have the representative of the military groups also in this committee, and if the regime wants to send someone to this committee, we can discuss it," Khoja said. 
The Syrian Network of Human Rights has documented more than 90,000 detainees held by the Syrian government, 6,000 held by Islamic State and 2,400 held by the rest of the opposition, but estimates the real numbers are twice as high. Article by Doc Burkhart , Vice-President, General Manager and co-host of TRUNEWS with Rick Wiles Got a news tip? Email us at Help support the ministry of TRUNEWS with your one-time or monthly gift of financial support. DONATE NOW ! DOWNLOAD THE TRUNEWS MOBILE APP! CLICK HERE! Donate Today! Support TRUNEWS to help build a global news network that provides a credible source for world news 
We believe Christians need and deserve their own global news network to keep the worldwide Church informed, and to offer Christians a positive alternative to the anti-Christian bigotry of the mainstream news media Top Stories

ARTICLE

The Email Controversy Sparking Protests in South Korea October 31, 2016 The Email Controversy Sparking Protests in South Korea 
Thousands of South Koreans rallied in Seoul demanding the resignation of President Park Geun-hye, as a crisis deepened over allegations a friend exerted inappropriate influence over her and interfered in state affairs. The street protest came as prosecutors investigate presidential aides and other officials to determine whether they broke the law to allow Park's friend, Choi Soon-sil, to wield undue influence and gain financially. Angry Koreans say Park betrayed public trust and mismanaged the government, and has lost a mandate to lead the country. "She must step down," Lee Jae-myung, mayor of Seongnam city south of Seoul and a vocal critic of the government, said to a loud cheer from the crowd. "If Park Geun-hye is no longer president, will our lives be any worse off and will the tension with North Korea be any worse?" he asked the crowd, which responded "No!" About 8,000 people attended the rally, according to police, organized by a group of left-leaning civic groups. Organizers said up to 30,000 people took part in the march through the capital. "It's become clear the people made a wrong decision and picked a wrong president," Jeong Hong-woo, 22, told Reuters at the rally. 
(Seoul) - Police in riot gear faced some protesters as they tried to march on the presidential Blue House. 
Park is in the fourth year of a 5-year one-term presidency. Opposition parties have demanded a thorough investigation, but have not raised the possibility of impeaching her. 
Park's office said late on Friday she ordered her senior secretaries to tender their resignations, and she will reshuffle the office in the near future. Her chief of staff separately offered to resign earlier, the office said. 
The deepening crisis over Choi has sent Park's public support to an all-time low. In one opinion poll, more than 40 percent of respondents said Park should resign or be impeached. 
COOPERATING WITH PROBE 
Prosecutors are investigating two of Park's aides who allegedly helped Choi get access to drafts of Park's speeches and set up two foundations with about 50 billion won ($44 million) in contributions from conglomerates that she later benefited from, South Korea's Yonhap news agency reported. 
The presidential office said it was cooperating with the prosecutors' investigation, including a request for documents. 
READ MORE: US-SOUTH KOREA DRILL WILL SIMULATE KILLING OF KIM JONG-UN 
A public apology by Park on Tuesday - for giving Choi access to draft speeches during the early months of her presidency - has done little to deflect demands that the president reveal the full extent of her ties with Choi and whether Choi gained favors from the relationship. 
Choi said in a newspaper interview on Thursday from Germany, where she was staying, that she read and revised Park's speeches early in the presidential term, but denied all allegations she interfered in state affairs. 
Park is the latest South Korean leader to be embroiled in scandal involving family or friends. 
As well as demanding Park stand down, civic groups and students want criminal charges brought against her aides and others who helped Choi have access to government documents. Article by Doc Burkhart , Vice-President, General Manager and co-host of TRUNEWS with Rick Wiles Got a news tip? Email us at Help support the ministry of TRUNEWS with your one-time or monthly gift of financial support. DONATE NOW ! DOWNLOAD THE TRUNEWS MOBILE APP! CLICK HERE! Donate Today! Support TRUNEWS to help build a global news network that provides a credible source for world news 
We believe Christians need and deserve their own global news network to keep the worldwide Church informed, and to offer Christians a positive alternative to the anti-Christian bigotry of the mainstream news media Top Stories

ARTICLE

Global Unrest Cycle Elects Evangelical Mayor for Rio October 31, 2016 Global Unrest Cycle Elects Evangelical Mayor for Rio 
An evangelical bishop was elected mayor of Rio de Janeiro on Sunday in a second round of municipal voting that cemented a rout of the leftist party and allies who dominated Brazil's presidency and major cities for over a decade. Marcelo Crivella, a controversial conservative who is a senator, bishop and nephew of the founder of an evangelical megachurch, defeated a progressive former schoolteacher to runBrazil's second biggest city by a margin of nearly 20 percentage points. The 59-year-old pastor weathered an uproar over past criticism of homosexuality and Catholicism, the dominant religion in Latin America's largest country, by distancing himself from those comments and vowing to govern for Rio's residents, not the Universal Church of the Kingdom of God, the influential congregation from which he hails. In a victory speech to supporters in a working-class Rio neighborhood, he promised to "take care of people," echoing campaign vows to improve deficient public services, from health to transport to sanitation, that complicate day-to-day life for the blue-collar voters who supported his candidacy. Crivella's victory, partly fueled by the growing influence of evangelical voters, fortifies a rightward shift in Brazil following the 13-year reign of the leftist Workers Party, which presided over a long economic boom before cratering during the recession and an historic corruption scandal. 
(BRAZIL) - The elections, which toppled many incumbents in a first round of voting earlier this month, are also a broader renunciation of the status quo, with voters frustrated by a second year of recession and the giant kickback scandal that has led to the arrest dozens of political and corporate chieftains. 
"It's an important election to change the old way of doing things," said Rafael Mello, a civil servant who voted Sunday morning in Rio. 
In the first round of voting, just weeks after lawmakers impeached former President Dilma Rousseff because of budget irregularities by her Workers Party government, two-term Rio Mayor Eduardo Paes, a one-time Rousseff ally, failed to secure a place in the runoff for his hand-picked successor candidate. 
LISTEN MORE: TRUNEWS HOST RICK WILES SPEAKS ABOUT THE 500 YEAR CYLE 
In São Paulo, Brazil's biggest city and the cradle of the Workers Party, voters ousted Mayor Fernando Haddad, once considered one of the party's rising stars. The Workers Party held onto only one of the state capitals it had previously occupied. 
EYEING 2018 PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION 
Sunday's voting will also influence how some key players at the national level could fare ahead of the 2018 presidential elections. 
In Belo Horizonte, capital of the rich southeastern state of Minas Gerais, a loss by a candidate from the centrist Brazilian Social Democratic Party is expected to help resolve an ongoing power struggle within the PSDB, as the party is known. 
The PSDB, which had been the chief opposition to the Workers Party and is increasingly well positioned to retake the presidency after four consecutive defeats, won São Paulo and other important cities in the first round of municipal elections. 
The victory by wealthy businessman João Doria in São Paulo fortified Geraldo Alckmin, the governor of that state and a possible presidential candidate, who pushed for Doria despite opposition from other PSDB leaders. 
The loss in Belo Horizonte, to a smaller centrist party, is considered a defeat for Aecio Neves, another PSDB leader who was the party's candidate against Rousseff in 2014. Neves, a senator and former governor of Minas Gerais, failed to win the state in that election and gave his imprimatur to this year's losing mayoral candidate. 
Crivella, the Rio victor, belongs to the Brazilian Republican Party, a relatively new conservative party. 
His leftist rival, Marcelo Freixo, represented the Socialism and Liberty Party, which broke away from the Workers Party over a decade ago to focus on human rights, education and social issues. 
Though Freixo garnered energetic support from celebrities, artists, intellectuals and prosperous Rio leftists, their ballots were easily outnumbered by a populist vote in less affluent parts of the city, traditionally skeptical of progressive platforms. Article by Doc Burkhart , Vice-President, General Manager and co-host of TRUNEWS with Rick Wiles Got a news tip? Email us at Help support the ministry of TRUNEWS with your one-time or monthly gift of financial support. DONATE NOW ! DOWNLOAD THE TRUNEWS MOBILE APP! CLICK HERE! Donate Today! Support TRUNEWS to help build a global news network that provides a credible source for world news 
We believe Christians need and deserve their own global news network to keep the worldwide Church informed, and to offer Christians a positive alternative to the anti-Christian bigotry of the mainstream news media Top Stories

ARTICLE

FBI Getting Warmer: Pay-to-Play October 31, 2016 Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton looks at her mobile phone as she leaves her house to attend Congressional Black Caucus Foundation's Phoenix Awards Dinner at the Washington convention center in Washington, U.S., 
Five FBI field offices in mayor cities are looking deeping into the Clinton Foundation, Allegations of Pay-to-Play. 
Federal agencies in New York, Los Angeles, Washington, D.C. and Little Rock, Ark., are investigating the Clinton Foundation regarding pay-to-play financial and political corruption . The Wall Street Journal reported the update on Sunday mirroring information provided by a former senior law enforcement official. The FBI field offices are coordinating with the U. S. Attorneys working in those cities. FBI agents in Miami are also joining the probe,. The Clinton Foundation has numerous programs operating in Haiti, the Caribbean, Latin America and South America.

ARTICLE

Planned Parenthood: Abortion pill usage now rivals surgery October 31, 2016 The Planned Parenthood logo is pictured outside a clinic in Boston, Massachusetts, June 27, 2014. REUTERS/Dominick Reuter 
Abortion pill usage has almost overtaken surgical alternatives as legalization of infanticide faces a major chance of repeal. in election 2016. Two medications used to induce abortion won US approval in 2000, but Pro-Life activists successfully implemented legislative restrictions. In 2014: Abortion medication was used in 43 percent of pregnancy terminations at Planned Parenthood clinics. in 2010: Up from 35 percent according to previously unreported figures by Planned Parenthood. In Ohio, Texas and North Dakota: Demand for medication abortions tripled in the last several months to as much as 30 percent of all procedures in some clinics. States with no restrictions: Up to 55 percent in Michigan, 64 percent in Iowa. Studies: Drug induced abortions kill the child up to 95 percent of the time. The abortion pill was approved in France in 1988. Guttmacher Institute: Pill used in 91 percent of abortions in Finland, 80 percent in Scotland. 1 million of the more than 2.75 million U.S. women who have used the abortion pill received it from Planned Parenthood. Federal data: Overall U.S. abortion rates have dropped to a low of 16.9 terminations per 1,000 women aged15-44 in 2011, down from 19.4 per 1,000 in 2008. U.S. Food and Drug Administration allows abortion pills to be used as far as 10 weeks into pregnancies. Planned Parenthood said both types of abortion typically cost from $300 to $1,000. 
(NEW YORK CITY) American women are ending pregnancies with medication almost as often as with surgery, marking a turning point for abortion in the United States, data reviewed by Reuters shows. 
The watershed comes amid an overall decline in abortion, a choice that remains politically charged in the United States, sparking a fiery exchange in the final debate between presidential nominees Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump. 
When the two medications used to induce abortion won U.S. approval 16 years ago, the method was expected to quickly overtake the surgical option, as it has in much of Europe. But U.S. abortion opponents persuaded lawmakers in many states to put restrictions on their use. 
Although many limitations remain, innovative dispensing efforts in some states, restricted access to surgical abortions in others and greater awareness boosted medication abortions to 43 percent of pregnancy terminations at Planned Parenthood clinics, the nation's single largest provider, in 2014, up from 35 percent in 2010, according to previously unreported figures from the nonprofit. 
The national rate is likely even higher now because of new federal prescribing guidelines that took effect in March. In three states most impacted by that change - Ohio, Texas and North Dakota - demand for medication abortions tripled in the last several months to as much as 30 percent of all procedures in some clinics, according to data gathered by Reuters from clinics, state health departments and Planned Parenthood affiliates.

ARTICLE

Iraqi Christians Return to Charred Churches Captured from ISIS October 31, 2016 Iraqi Christians Return to Charred Churches Captured from ISIS 
(QARAQOSH, Iraq) Surrounded by charred walls and in front of a ruined altar, dozens of Iraqi Christians celebrated mass at the Church of the Immaculate Conception in Qaraqosh on Sunday for the first time since it was recaptured from Islamic State. Church bells rang out in the town on the southeastern approaches to Mosul where Iraqi troops, backed by U.S.-led air and ground forces, have been driving back the Sunni Muslim jihadists ahead of a battle for the city itself. "Today Qaraqosh is free of Daesh (Islamic State)," Syriac Catholic Archbishop of Mosul Butrus Moshe told worshippers. Islamic State has targeted the adherents and religious sites of minority communities in both Iraq and Syria. When it seized control of Mosul two years ago it issued an ultimatum to Christians: pay a tax, convert to Islam, or die by the sword. 
READ MORE: ANCIENT NINEVAH CHRISTIANS FEAR ISIS IN RETURN HOME 
Most abandoned their homes and fled toward the autonomous Kurdish region, abandoning one of Christianity's earliest centers. 
"Our role today is to remove all the remnants of Daesh," the archbishop said. "This includes erasing sedition, separation and conflicts, which victimized us," said the archbishop, who was born in Qaraqosh. 
"Political and sectarian strife, separating between one man and another, between ruler and follower, these mentalities must be changed,” he said. 
Christianity in northern Iraq dates back to the first century AD. The number of Christians fell sharply during the violence which followed the 2003 overthrow of Saddam Hussein, and the Islamic State takeover of Mosul two years ago purged the city of Christians for the first time in two millennia. 
It was from a Mosul mosque that Islamic State leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi declared a "caliphate" in 2014, spanning northern Iraq and eastern Syria. The recapture of the city would mark the effective defeat of the Iraqi wing of that domain. 
Reuters contribution by Mahdi Talat ; Writing by Bushra Shakshir and Stephen Kalin; Editing by Dominic Evans) Article by Doc Burkhart , Vice-President, General Manager and co-host of TRUNEWS with Rick Wiles Got a news tip? Email us at Help support the ministry of TRUNEWS with your one-time or monthly gift of financial support. DONATE NOW ! DOWNLOAD THE TRUNEWS MOBILE APP! CLICK HERE! Donate Today! Support TRUNEWS to help build a global news network that provides a credible source for world news 
We believe Christians need and deserve their own global news network to keep the worldwide Church informed, and to offer Christians a positive alternative to the anti-Christian bigotry of the mainstream news media Top Stories

ARTICLE

TRUNEWS 10/31/16 Dr. Lance Wallnau | Answered Prayer: The Cabal Crumbles October 31, 2016 Is the new FBI investigation into Hillary Rodham Clinton God's answer to His saints? Today on TRUNEWS, Rick Wiles expands on James Comey's Friday announcement, and the scandalous tie in with long time aide, and Muslim Brotherhood darling, Huma Abedin. Pastor Rick also speaks with Dr. Lance Wallnau regarding the Lord's use of Donald Trump as a spiritual wrecking ball in The Body of Christ. Edward Szall provides updates on the latest from WikiLeaks, and Fior Hernandez details the major spiritual shift occurring in the pews of America as Election Day approaches. 
Today's Audio Streamcast. Click the audio bar to listen: <span itemprop="name" content="TRUNEWS 10/31/16 Dr. Lance Wallnau | Answered Prayer: The Cabal Crumbles"></span> <span itemprop="description" content="Is the new FBI investigation into Hillary Rodham Clinton God's answer to His saints? Today on TRUNEWS, Rick Wiles expands on James Comey's Friday announcement, and the scandalous tie in with long time aide, and Muslim Brotherhood darling, Huma Abedin. Pastor Rick also speaks with Dr. Lance Wallnau regarding the Lord's use of Donald Trump as a spiritual wrecking ball in The Body of Christ. Edward Szall provides updates on the latest from WikiLeaks, and Fior Hernandez details the major spiritual shift..."></span> <span itemprop="duration" content="5123"></span> <span itemprop="thumbnail" content="http://static.panda-os.com/p/1305/sp/130500/thumbnail/entry_id/0_kvyhphja/version/1 /acv/62"></span> <span itemprop="width" content="350"></span> <span itemprop="height" content="25"></span> <a href="http://corp.kaltura.com/products/video-platform-features">Video Platform</a> <a href="http://corp.kaltura.com/Products/Features/Video-Management">Video Management</a> <a href="http://corp.kaltura.com/Video-Solutions">Video Solutions</a> <a href="http://corp.kaltura.com/Products/Features/Video-Player">Video Player</a> 
Right-click to download today's show to your local device in mp3 format: Streamcast MP3 
Email: | Twitter: @EdwardSzall | Facebook: Ed Szall DOWNLOAD THE TRUNEWS MOBILE APP on Apple and Google Play ! Donate Today! Support TRUNEWS to help build a global news network that provides a credible source for world news 
We believe Christians need and deserve their own global news network to keep the worldwide Church informed, and to offer Christians a positive alternative to the anti-Christian bigotry of the mainstream news media How To Listen To TRUNEWS 
Here on our show pages, there are two ways to listen to TRUNEWS. The first is to use the embedded player on the page. It is the black bar that you see above. Just click the arrow on the player for today's broadcast. If you prefer to save the program to listen to it later on your PC or mobile device, just click the 'DOWNLOAD MP3' link above to archive that particular streamcast. Streamcast Archives

ARTICLE

Thomas Reuters cuts 2000 jobs, spends $200m streamlining November 01, 2016 The Thomson Reuters logo is seen on the company building in Times Square, New York October 29, 2013. REUTERS/Carlo Allegri/File Photo 
Thomas Reuters Corp has announced they will spend $200-250 million in the fourth quarter to streamline operations, including cutting 2000 jobs, across 150 locations, in 39 countries, approximately 4 percent of their workforce. Spokesman: Thomas Reuters Corp employs about 48,000 people globally. Jim Smith, chief executive: The changes come as part of its multi-year effort to streamline its businesses. Smith: 'It's about simplification and taking out bureaucracy and taking out layers all of which have added complexity and slowed us down.” "These actions are not driven by any reaction to market conditions or in any way coming on the back of underperformance." Thomson Reuters is the parent of Reuters News. Memo posted Tuesday: There will be no decline in headcount in the Reuters newsroom. Thomas Reuters Corp reported net income for Q3 was $286 million or 36 cents per share. Net income Q3 2015: $293 million or 36 cents per share. Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S: Excluding special items, earnings were 54 cents per share. Analysts on average expected 47 cents. Revenue rose 1 percent to $2.74 billion before currency effects and was flat when they were factored in. Thomas Reuters Corp reiterated its forecast of 2 percent to 3 percent revenue growth for the year. Financial & Risk segment: Sales outpaced cancellations for the 10th straight quarter, overall unit revenue was flat at $1.52 billion. Due to streamline spending, Reuters has lowered its 2016 forecast for underlying operating profit margin to between 16 percent to 17 percent, from 18.4 to 19.4 percent. 
(NEW YORK CITY) Thomson Reuters Corp said on Tuesday it would cut about 2,000 jobs worldwide, about 4 percent of its workforce, and take a fourth-quarter charge of $200 million to $250 million to streamline its business. 
The restructuring across 39 countries and 150 locations would mainly affect the Financial & Risk business and the Enterprise, Technology & Operations Group, the news and information company said. The company employs about 48,000 people globally, a spokesman said. 
The changes come as part of its multi-year effort to streamline its businesses, said Jim Smith, chief executive, in an interview Tuesday. 
"It's about simplification and taking out bureaucracy and taking out layers all of which have added complexity and slowed us down," he said. "These actions are not driven by any reaction to market conditions or in any way coming on the back of underperformance." 
Thomson Reuters is the parent of Reuters News, which competes for financial customers with Bloomberg LP as well as News Corp's Dow Jones unit. There will be no decline in headcount in the Reuters newsroom, according to a memo to employees on Tuesday.

ARTICLE

Digital Currency Alliances Building from Strong Asian Base November 01, 2016 Digital Currency Alliances Building from Strong Asian Base 
(HONG KONG) Ant Financial Services Group, the world's biggest financial technology company, plans to focus its expansion plans in Asia before looking to go more global, a senior official said on Tuesday. Ant, Alibaba Group Holding Ltd's online finance arm, will offer its insurance and investment management products outside of China, senior vice president Douglas Feagin said at an event to mark a tie-up with Thai payment firm Ascend. The Thailand deal marks Ant's first significant expansion effort into foreign payments in Asia since last year's partnership with India's PayTM, which raised over $500 million in a round led by Alibaba in September. Ant's payment platform Alipay has been tussling with major local rival Tencent Holdings Ltd, whose Tenpay has also been making an overseas push by targeting thousands of retailers particularly around Asia. 
Ant plans to replicate the Alipay model in Thailand, with a goal of reaching more than half of the country's internet users in five years, it said. 
"We are leading first with payments and related services but we may very well offer other products and services market by market," Feagin said. 
The move extends a global push that has seen the firm move into the United States and Europe. Last month Ant expanded its mobile payment app service into the U.S. market in a bid to reach Chinese consumers traveling abroad. 
Ant said in a statement that it has 450 million users, of which 40 million are outside China. It also has another 150 million when users of its PayTM tie-up are included. 
In August both Alipay and Tenpay secured licenses to operate their mobile payments services in Hong Kong. 
Ascend, which allows users to deposit their cash into a digital wallet, and Ant Financial are counting on the huge number of people without bank accounts in Southeast Asia to turn to their payments, lending and other services. 
LISTEN MORE: TRUNEWS HOST RICK WILES SPEAKS WITH MICHAEL SNYDER AND TERRY SACKA ON THE COMING DIGITAL FIAT CURRENCY 
The region has nearly 370 million people without bank accounts and who use cash on a day-to-day basis, Ascend Group CEO Punnamas Vichitkulwongsa said. 
Feagin, a former Goldman Sachs banker who leads Ant's international business, added there were no set plans currently for the timing or venue of a potential initial public offering, though there were benefits to going public. 
Ant Financial raised $4.5 billion in a record funding round in April, valuing the company at about $60 billion, the same as American Express Co or insurer Chubb Ltd and more than any other privately held fintech company. Article by Doc Burkhart , Vice-President, General Manager and co-host of TRUNEWS with Rick Wiles Got a news tip? Email us at Help support the ministry of TRUNEWS with your one-time or monthly gift of financial support. DONATE NOW ! DOWNLOAD THE TRUNEWS MOBILE APP! CLICK HERE! Donate Today! Support TRUNEWS to help build a global news network that provides a credible source for world news 
We believe Christians need and deserve their own global news network to keep the worldwide Church informed, and to offer Christians a positive alternative to the anti-Christian bigotry of the mainstream news media Top Stories

ARTICLE

Trump: Electing Clinton will cause a constitutional crisis November 01, 2016 Donald Trump appears at a campaign rally in Warren, Michigan. REUTERS/Carlo Allegri 
Donald Trump told a crowd in Michigan Monday that if Hillary Clinton is elected the FBI investigation overshadowing her presidency would create a constitutional crisis. Trump: "The investigation will last for years. The trial will probably start. Nothing will get done. I can tell you, your jobs will continue to leave Michigan. Nothing's going to get done.” Clinton: Confident that the FBI will not find anything problematic in the emails and will reach the same conclusion they did earlier this year. Hillary from Ohio: "It wasn't even a close call.” Clinton on Trump being a threat: "I am running against someone who says he doesn't understand why we can't use nuclear weapons.” From Cincinnati: 'I wonder if he even knows that a single nuclear warhead can kill millions of people.” Trump from Warren: "I want to tell you, she is a terrible example for my son and the children of this country.” 'Hillary is the one who broke the law over and over and over again.” 
(GRAND RAPIDS, MICH./KENT, OHIO) Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump called Democratic rival Hillary Clinton a threat to the country on Monday, saying that if she is elected a probe into her emails could shadow her entire term in office. 
"The investigation will last for years. The trial will probably start," Trump told a rally in Grand Rapids, Michigan. "Nothing will get done. I can tell you, your jobs will continue to leave Michigan. Nothing's going to get done.” 
The Federal Bureau of Investigation on Friday said it was investigating newly discovered emails that might relate to Clinton's use of a private email server when she was secretary of state. 
Clinton on Monday again said she was confident that the FBI would not find anything problematic in her emails and would reach the same conclusion they did earlier this year. 
"It wasn't even a close call," she said at a rally in Cincinnati, Ohio, of the FBI investigation.

ARTICLE

Refugee Manhunt After Family Found in Freezer in Denmark November 01, 2016 Refugee Manhunt After Family Found in Freezer in Denmark 
(COPENHAGEN) - The bodies of a Syrian woman and her two daughters, aged 7 and 9, have been found in a freezer in a town in Denmark and the woman's husband and refugee father of the children was being sought, Danish police said on Tuesday. The discovery was made on Sunday night in Aabenraa in southern Denmark. The family came to Denmark in summer 2015 and obtained refugee status, police said. A court on Monday pronounced the Syrian father, Hamid Farid Mohammed, "imprisoned in absentia," meaning he should be detained immediately. Police said 33-year-old Mohammed fled Denmark on Friday into Germany and then flew to Turkey. Danish police said they were cooperating with the Turkish police to find him.

ARTICLE

Europe Hopes for Clinton Win for More Deals With Iran November 01, 2016 Europe Hopes for Clinton Win for More Deals With Iran 
After a year of disappointment, European businesses are hoping a victory for Hillary Clinton in the U.S. election next week may help break the logjam that has prevented large-scale Western investments in Iran since the opening of its economy. While no one in Europe is predicting a flurry of new deals should Clinton defeat her Republican rival Donald Trump on Nov. 8 A win for the Democrat would remove some of the political clouds hanging over last year's nuclear deal between Iran and world powers. Business groups say this could help fuel a more aggressive push into the Iranian market in 2017, especially in the second half of the year, if a Clinton victory is followed by the re-election of moderate Iranian President Hassan Rouhani next May. 
"If Clinton and Rouhani win, then we will have a political window of opportunity that is much bigger than we have now," said Matthieu Etourneau, who advises French firms on the Iranian market for MEDEF International, the French employers group. 
"This is what the European banks and companies are waiting for," he said. 
Back in January, when the United States and Europe lifted sanctions related to Iran's nuclear program, the excitement in Europe's business community was palpable. 
With a population of 78 million and annual output higher than that of Thailand, Iran was the biggest economy to rejoin the global trading and financial system since the 1991 break-up of the Soviet Union. 
European politicians flocked to Tehran with dozens of corporate executives in tow. Rouhani, a pragmatist elected in 2013 on a platform to reduce Iran's isolation, traveled to Paris and Rome to promote his country to eager investors. 
But within months the euphoria had vanished, replaced by frustration on both sides. 
BIGGEST OBSTACLE TO IRAN DEAL: US LAWS 
The biggest obstacle for European firms seeking to do business in Iran has been the reluctance of the continent's largest banks to finance deals out of fear they could run afoul of U.S. sanctions and incur massive penalties down the line. 
The United States has taken steps to reassure the banks. Last month the Treasury Department's Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC) issued new guidance to allay concerns about doing U.S. dollar transactions with Iran. 
READ MORE: DONALD TRUMP SAYS THAT HILLARY CLINTON'S FOREIGN POLICY WILL LEAD TO WORLD WAR THREE 
But Secretary of State John Kerry acknowledged at a think-tank event in London this week that banks remained skittish. German officials raised their concerns about the hurdles during a recent visit by U.S. sanctions coordinator Daniel Fried. 
This caution is likely to persist, regardless of who is sitting in the White House. Beyond the issue of sanctions, the poor state of Iranian banks after a decade outside the international financial system, the strong state role in the economy and a lack of clarity about the legal system are all deterrents to foreigners. 
"Everyone knows now that this will be a long, step-by-step process to build up our economic ties," said Friedolin Strack, head of international markets at the Federation of German Industries (BDI). 
Still, a Clinton victory would be a reassuring signal to Europe. Her close adviser Jake Sullivan was a key figure in the secret negotiations in Oman that paved the way for the landmark agreement that curbed Iran's disputed nuclear activity, and she has defended it during the election campaign. 
Trump, by contrast, has called it "one of the worst deals ever made" and promised to renegotiate it if he is elected. Bankers say the risk of the deal unraveling under a Trump presidency has contributed to the reticence in Europe. 
Recently however, there have been signs of movement. 
Smaller German banks, pressed by their clients to support them in Iran, are beginning to offer limited financing and payment services. 
"Medium-sized banks that finance the German Mittelstand have a great deal of interest in Iran business and are preparing the groundwork intensively," said Siegfried Utzig, acting head of economic policy and international affairs at the Association of German Banks (BvB). "We can see the light at the end of the tunnel but it's still quite far away." Article by Doc Burkhart , Vice-President, General Manager and co-host of TRUNEWS with Rick Wiles Got a news tip? Email us at Help support the ministry of TRUNEWS with your one-time or monthly gift of financial support. DONATE NOW ! DOWNLOAD THE TRUNEWS MOBILE APP! CLICK HERE! Donate Today! Support TRUNEWS to help build a global news network that provides a credible source for world news 
We believe Christians need and deserve their own global news network to keep the worldwide Church informed, and to offer Christians a positive alternative to the anti-Christian bigotry of the mainstream news media Top Stories

ARTICLE

Vladimir The Great: Russia's Refurbished Empire November 01, 2016 NEW BOSS: A mural of Russia's president covers the wall of a residential building in Simferopol, Crimea, August 19, 2015. The message reads: "Ours". REUTERS/Pavel Rebrov 
Russia has begun rebuilding a chain of military installations from Crimea to Kaliningrad, with 18 new sites near Sevastopol alone. Russia has reoccupied the missile bunkers that dot the verdant hills along Crimea's southern coast. Villager who worked at Crimea base: 'It is a functioning military base with an anti-ship missile system.” Russia is creating a chain of radar stations on rocky hilltops around Crimea. Local villager: 'There is a military base here, air defense system and missiles. There are air defense systems on every cape here.” On the outskirts of the port city of Sevastopol sits another radar station called 'Dnepr.” Russian newspaper Izvestiya: Moscow will restore the Dnepr station so it can 'detect launches of ballistic, cruise and hypersonic missiles from the Black Sea and Mediterranean Sea area.” In Crimea region Russia has 18 sites, including naval bases, radar stations and airfields. Refurbished Russian military facilities now stretch north in an arc through western Russia to Kaliningrad. Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev in Feb: 'We have, in effect, slid into a new Cold War.” Britain's Defense Minister Michael Fallon in Sep: London was concerned about military buildup in Crimea 'and indeed the militarization of the Black Sea region generally. Both Bulgaria and Romania feel very threatened.” Since May: Romania has hosted a U.S.-controlled international missile shield, operational by late 2018. Poland is hosting the other main land-based component in the shield. Washington: The shield is designed as a defense against Iranian missile strikes. Russian President Vladimir Putin: The system and NATO are both threats to Russia's security, our country will retaliate. 
(SIMFEROPOL, CRIMEA) The missile bunkers that dot the verdant hills along Crimea's southern coast are known locally as Object 100. Until recently, tourists paid $50 to visit the crumbling and abandoned former Soviet sites, which served during the Cold War as a defense against naval attack from the Black Sea. 
Now the bunkers are coming back online. After Russia took control of Crimea from Ukraine in 2014, signs went up in the woods around the sites warning visitors against entering a 'forbidden zone of the Russian Ministry of Defense.” A resident of a nearby village who said he was employed at the base last year said Russian soldiers had re-occupied the sites and blocked roads leading into the area. He was unable to say when the Russian soldiers arrived. 
'It is a functioning military base with an anti-ship missile system,” the villager told a Reuters reporter who visited the area in July. 
The bunkers are just one small part of a new Russian program to militarize the Crimean peninsula. Based on recent site observations by Reuters, accounts from locals, media reports and official Russian data, Moscow has reanimated multiple Soviet-built facilities in the region, built new bases and stationed soldiers there. 
Crimea sits at the southern end of a line of new and refurbished Russian military facilities that stretches north in an arc through western Russia and ends in the country's Baltic outpost of Kaliningrad. 
The military buildup is echoed in NATO countries such as Poland and the Baltic states, where U.S. forces are beefing up patrols and conducting more frequent exercises.

ARTICLE

Obama Ban: Religious Foreign Aid November 01, 2016 A worker secures relief aid to be transported to a devastated area after Hurricane Matthew passed, in Port-au-Prince, Haiti, October... 
U.S. Gov. to Strip Federal Contracts from Organizations that adhere to Scripture on the LGBT issue. 
The Obama administration announced a rule last week that threatens to strip federal contracts from religious relief organizations and charities that adhere to traditional views of gender and sexuality, continuing a trend of governmental hostility toward religion. National Security Adviser Susan E. Rice said the rule prohibits organizations that contract with the U.S. Agency for International Development from discriminating on the basis of sexual orientation and gender identity in the administration of aid. 
'The United States also needs to do more to institutionalize efforts to promote LGBT rights,” Ms. Rice said in a speech at American University last week on the state of gay rights around the world. 
'As part of that commitment, I'm pleased to note that just yesterday a new rule went into effect that explicitly prohibits discrimination by USAID contractors. This rule means that any organization that contracts with USAID must ensure that all people can benefit from its federally funded programs, regardless of race, religion, disability — or sexual orientation and gender identity,” she said. 
'It's a major step toward ensuring that American assistance is provided in a fair and equitable manner,” she said. 
Roger Severino, director of the Heritage Foundation's DeVos Center for Religion and Civil Society, said the rule will create more problems than it solves. U.S. groups advocating for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) rights lauded the move which affects more than $20 billion in aid programs in over 100 countries. In 2014 The United States cut aid to Uganda in response to a Ugandan law that imposed harsh penalties on homosexuality.

ARTICLE

DOJ: Comey NOT ordered to withhold discovery November 01, 2016 U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch leaves after attending the 64th Annual Red Mass at the Cathedral of St. Matthew the Apostle in Washington, U.S., October 2, 2016. 
Contrary to initial reports, U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch did not order FBI Director James Comey to withhold from Congress the discovery of emails. 
Attorney General Loretta Lynch did not order Comey to withhold information of new investigation into emails in Hillary Clinton's email server, but she made it known that she thought his decision violated department policy. 
Comey's letter on Friday notifying members of Congress that the Federal Bureau of Investigation had discovered new emails apparently pertinent to the Clinton server probe has upended the presidential race and given new hope to Republican candidate Donald Trump that he can make a comeback and win on Nov. 8. Although some polls prior to the release of Comey's letter to Congress showed that support for Trump was already back on the rise. 
Lynch's office informed the FBI on Thursday that sending the letter conflicted with a memo containing official guidance that is sent to all Justice Department employees during presidential election years, according to the official. 
The memo instructs employees to "never select the timing of investigative steps... for the purpose of affecting any election." 
Senator Harry Reid, the Democratic leader in the Senate, sent Comey a letter on Monday accusing the FBI of keeping 'explosive information” under wraps about ties between the Trump campaign and Russian officials. Donate Today! Support TRUNEWS to help build a global news network that provides a credible source for world news 
We believe Christians need and deserve their own global news network to keep the worldwide Church informed, and to offer Christians a positive alternative to the anti-Christian bigotry of the mainstream news media Top Stories

ARTICLE

Chinese J-20 stealth fighter debuts in skies of Zhuhai November 01, 2016 China unveils its J-20 stealth fighter on an air show in Zhuhai, Guangdong Province, China, November 1, 2016. China Daily/via REUTERS 
China publicly debuted the Chengdu J-20 stealth fighter on Tuesday, a 21st century comparable to the US F-22 and F-35 fighter jet. J-20 was shown at Airshow China in southern city of Zhuhai. J-20's swept over dignitaries, hundreds of spectators and industry executives gathered at the show's opening ceremony. Chinese President Xi Jinping has pushed to toughen the armed forces amid South China Sea row. Bradley Perrett of Aviation Week: "It is clearly a big step forward in Chinese combat capability.” State-owned Commercial Aircraft Corporation of China (COMAC) estimates Chinese market will need 6,865 new aircraft worth $930 billion over the next 20 years. Boeing Co and Airbus Group matched the COMAC forecast: China would make up almost 1/5 of global demand, 40,000 planes over the next two decades. Analysts: Brief and relatively cautious J-20 routine answered few questions, pilots did not open weapon bay doors, or perform low-speed passes. Sam Roggeveen, a senior fellow at the Sydney-based Lowy Institute: "It's a change of tactics for the Chinese to publicly show off weapons that aren't in full squadron service yet and demonstrates a lot of confidence in the capability, and also a lot of pride." Also displayed: Latest Chinese weapon systems, radar and drones, included the Xian Y-20 strategic airlifter, and what organizers say is the largest amphibious plane now in production - the AG600. 150-seater COMAC C919 passenger jet was absent from the airshow schedule. COMAC: China Eastern Airlines will be the launch customer for the C919, which may take first test flight late 2016 or early 2017. COMAC secured 23 new orders for C919 at Airshow, taking total orders to 570. 
(ZHUHAI, CHINA) China showed its Chengdu J-20 stealth fighter in public for the first time on Tuesday, opening the country's biggest meeting of aircraft makers and buyers with a show of its military clout. 
Airshow China, in the southern city of Zhuhai, offers Beijing an opportunity to demonstrate its ambitions in civil aerospace and to underline its growing capability in defense. China is set to overtake the U.S. as the world's top aviation market in the next decade. 
Two J-20 jets, Zhuhai's headline act, swept over dignitaries, hundreds of spectators and industry executives gathered at the show's opening ceremony in a flypast that barely exceeded a minute, generating a deafening roar that was met with gasps and applause and set off car alarms in a parking lot. 
Experts say China has been refining designs for the J-20, first glimpsed by planespotters in 2010, in the hope of narrowing a military technology gap with the United States. President Xi Jinping has pushed to toughen the armed forces as China takes a more assertive stance in Asia, particularly in the South China and East China seas.

ARTICLE

TRUNEWS 11/01/16 Sen Dick Black | FBI Uprising Threatens Clinton Syndicate November 01, 2016 Will the patriot uprising inside the FBI successfully topple the Clinton Crime Syndicate? Today on TRUNEWS, Rick Wiles addresses the very real possibility that Huma Abedin's sexually sick husband, Anthony Weiner, has become State's evidence against Hillary and her legacy of treason. Along that line of illegal collusion, Rick also speaks with Virginia House Senator Dick Black regarding the $675,000 cash donation by Governor Terry McAuliffe, to the campaign of FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe's wife. Correspondent Fior Hernandez ends with a detailed report dispelling the Left's refugee propaganda, by exposing the anti-Christian immigration policies of the Obama administration. 
Today's Audio Streamcast. Click the audio bar to listen: <span itemprop="name" content="TRUNEWS 11/01/16 Sen Dick Black | FBI Uprising Threatens Clinton Syndicate"></span> <span itemprop="description" content="Will the patriot uprising inside the FBI successfully topple the Clinton Crime Syndicate? Today on TRUNEWS, Rick Wiles addresses the very real possibility that Huma Abedin&#x27;s sexually sick husband, Anthony Weiner, has become State's evidence against Hillary and her legacy of treason. Along that line of illegal collusion, Rick also speaks with Virginia House Senator Dick Black regarding the $675,000 cash donation by Governor Terry McAuliffe, to the campaign of FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe's wife...."></span> <span itemprop="duration" content="5458"></span> <span itemprop="thumbnail" content="http://static.panda-os.com/p/1305/sp/130500/thumbnail/entry_id/0_m0iupnij/version/1 /acv/62"></span> <span itemprop="width" content="350"></span> <span itemprop="height" content="25"></span> <a href="http://corp.kaltura.com/products/video-platform-features">Video Platform</a> <a href="http://corp.kaltura.com/Products/Features/Video-Management">Video Management</a> <a href="http://corp.kaltura.com/Video-Solutions">Video Solutions</a> <a href="http://corp.kaltura.com/Products/Features/Video-Player">Video Player</a> 
Right-click to download today's show to your local device in mp3 format: Streamcast MP3 
Email: | Twitter: @EdwardSzall | Facebook: Ed Szall DOWNLOAD THE TRUNEWS MOBILE APP on Apple and Google Play ! Donate Today! Support TRUNEWS to help build a global news network that provides a credible source for world news 
We believe Christians need and deserve their own global news network to keep the worldwide Church informed, and to offer Christians a positive alternative to the anti-Christian bigotry of the mainstream news media How To Listen To TRUNEWS 
Here on our show pages, there are two ways to listen to TRUNEWS. The first is to use the embedded player on the page. It is the black bar that you see above. Just click the arrow on the player for today's broadcast. If you prefer to save the program to listen to it later on your PC or mobile device, just click the 'DOWNLOAD MP3' link above to archive that particular streamcast. Streamcast Archives

ARTICLE

Federal Judge: 'Where are the Christians”? November 01, 2016 Iraqi refugees that fled violence in Mosul and internally displaced Syrians who fled Islamic State controlled areas in Deir al-Zor,... 
A federal judge has rebuked the Obama administration over the lack of Syrian Christians being admitted from the war-zone. 
Judge Daniel Manion addressed the refugee issue and took aim at the Obama administration over how few Christians had been admitted to the U.S. The Judge called it a "perplexing discrepancy" that only 56 of 11,000 Syrian refugees to the U.S. in fiscal 2016 were Christian. The rebuke came in a Seventh Circuit Court of Appeals opinion on a Freedom of Information Act lawsuit filed by The Heartland Alliance's National Immigrant Justice Center. A report from Fox News singled out the following quotes from Manion. 
'It is well‐documented that refugees to the United States are not representative of that war‐torn area of the world. Perhaps 10 percent of the population of Syria is Christian, and yet less than one‐half of one percent of Syrian refugees admitted to the United States this year are Christian,” he wrote. 
'To date, there has not been a good explanation for this perplexing discrepancy,” Manion noted. 
Religious Freedom Coalition / TRUNEWS analysis listen to show dated 11/1/2016 
- Article by , Correspondent for TRUNEWS Got a news tip? Email us at Help support the ministry of TRUNEWS with your one-time or monthly gift of financial support. DONATE NOW ! DOWNLOAD THE TRUNEWS MOBILE APP! CLICK HERE! Donate Today! Support TRUNEWS to help build a global news network that provides a credible source for world news 
We believe Christians need and deserve their own global news network to keep the worldwide Church informed, and to offer Christians a positive alternative to the anti-Christian bigotry of the mainstream news media Top Stories

ARTICLE

Duterte Calls US Admin 'Monkeys' for Halting Arms Sales November 02, 2016 Duterte Calls US Admin 'Monkeys' for Halting Arms Sales 
(MANILA) - Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte chided the United States on Wednesday for halting the planned sale of 26,000 rifles to his country, calling those behind the decision "fools" and "monkeys" and indicating he might turn to Russia and China instead. Duterte's tirades against the former colonial power are routine during his speeches and he said on Wednesday he once believed in Washington, but had since lost respect for what is the Philippines' biggest ally. The U.S. State Department halted the sale of the assault rifles to the Philippine police after U.S. Senator Ben Cardin said he would oppose it, Senate aides told Reuters on Monday. Aides said Cardin, the top Democrat on the U.S. Senate Foreign Relations Committee, was reluctant for the United States to provide the weapons given concern about human rights violations in the Philippines during Duterte's bloody, four-month-old war on drugs. 
"Look at these monkeys, the 26,000 firearms we wanted to buy, they don't want to sell," Dutertesaid during a televised speech. 
"Son of a b***h, we have many home-made guns here. These American fools." 
More than 2,300 people have been killed in police operations or by suspected vigilantes as part of Duterte's anti-narcotics campaign, which was the lynchpin of his election campaign. 
Duterte has vented his anger at the United States for raising concerns about the extra-judicial killings. 
"That's why I was rude at them, because they were rude at me," he said. 
According to procedures in Washington, the State Department informs Congress when international weapons sales are in the works. Aides said the State Department had been informed Cardin would oppose the deal during the prenotification process, thus halting the sale. 
U.S. State Department officials did not comment. 
The Philippine police chief, Ronald dela Rosa, on Tuesday expressed disappointment that police would not get the M4 rifles, which he said were reliable. 
Duterte reiterated that Russia and China had shown willingness to sell arms to the Philippines, but he would wait to see if his military wanted to continue using U.S. weapons. 
"Russia, they are inviting us. China also. China is open, anything you want, they sent me brochure saying we select there, we'll give you. 
"But I am holding off because I was asking the military if they have any problem. Because if you have, if you want to stick to America, fine. 
"But, look closely and balance the situation, they are rude to us." Article by Doc Burkhart , Vice-President, General Manager and co-host of TRUNEWS with Rick Wiles Got a news tip? Email us at Help support the ministry of TRUNEWS with your one-time or monthly gift of financial support. DONATE NOW ! DOWNLOAD THE TRUNEWS MOBILE APP! CLICK HERE! Donate Today! Support TRUNEWS to help build a global news network that provides a credible source for world news 
We believe Christians need and deserve their own global news network to keep the worldwide Church informed, and to offer Christians a positive alternative to the anti-Christian bigotry of the mainstream news media Top Stories

ARTICLE

Trump Win Jitters New World Order Financial Markets November 02, 2016 Trump Win Jitters New World Order Financial Markets 
(LONDON) - World stocks, the dollar and oil fell on Wednesday, while safe-haven assets such as gold and the Swiss franc rose as investors were rattled by signs the U.S. presidential race was tightening just days before the vote. Investors were beginning to rethink their long-held bets of a Nov. 8 victory for Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton amid signs her Republican rival Donald Trump could be closing the gap, deepening the recent decline across major stock markets. Asian stocks hit a seven-week low on Wednesday, while European bourses followed Wall Street's lead overnight and slid to a four-month low. Bonds rose alongside gold, the Swiss franc and Japanese yen, with the yield on 10-year U.S. Treasuries falling for the third day in a row. British gilts, which have recently been slammed by uncertainty surrounding the post-Brexit UK outlook, surged too. 
"The lead up to the U.S. presidential election was always expected to be lively but the events of the last couple of days have seriously taken their toll on investor sentiment," said Craig Erlam, senior market analyst at Oanda in London. 
Investor anxiety has deepened in recent sessions over a possible Trump victory given uncertainty on the Republican candidate's stance on key issues including foreign policy, trade relations and immigrants, while Clinton is viewed as a candidate of the status quo. 
READ MORE: EUROPE IS HOPING FOR A CLINTON WIN BECAUSE THAT MEANS MORE DEALS WITH IRAN 
Europe's index of leading 300 shares was last down 0.4 percent <.FTEU3>, having earlier hit a four-month low of 1,313 points. Britain's Britain's FTSE <.FTSE> and Germany's DAX <.GDAXI> fell 0.4 and 0.7 percent, respectively. 
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan <.MIAPJ0000PUS> dropped 1.1 percent to seven-week lows while the yen's rise to a two-week high helped push Japan's Nikkei <.N225> down 1.8 percent. 
U.S. stock futures recovered earlier losses, pointing to a fall of only 0.1 percent at the open. This would still signify a fresh four-month low for Wall Street. 
PRICING A TRUMP VICTORY 
The tumultuous presidential race appeared to tighten after news that the Federal Bureau of Investigation was reviewing more emails as part of a probe into Clinton's use of a private email server. 
While Clinton held a five-percentage-point lead over Trump, according to a Reuters/Ipsos opinion poll released on Monday, some other polls showed her Republican rival ahead by 1-2 percentage points. 
Barclays strategists estimate that a rise in Trump's polling odds to 50 percent could see the S&P 500 fall 4-5 percent, and potentially as much as 10-11 percent if he wins. 
This has unnerved markets and the CBOE volatility index <.VIX>, often seen as investors' fear gauge, rose to a two-month high above 20 percent. 
The tension in markets came as the Federal Reserve holds its two-day policy meeting, with its statement due later on Wednesday. While traders do not expect a rate hike just a week ahead of the presidential election, they are looking for signs that the Fed will move in December. 
Investors have grown increasingly confident in recent weeks that the Fed will follow through next month, attaching an 80 percent probability to such a move, according to fed funds futures pricing. 
But currency traders have sold the dollar this week in part because they suspect Trump would prefer a weaker dollar given his protectionist stance on international trade, and in part because the uncertainty surrounding a Trump win might lead to a more dovish stance from the Fed in the months ahead. 
The dollar fell again on Wednesday, after posting its biggest one-day fall on Tuesday in two months. 
The euro rose 0.4 percent to touch $1.11 for the first time in more than three weeks. It is up about two percent from its 7-1/2-month low of $1.0851 hit last week. 
Against the yen, the dollar fell 0.8 percent to 103.24 yen from three-month high of 105.54 yen set on Friday. 
"If you had a long dollar position on the view that the dollar would gain because Clinton would win, you would surely close that position because her victory is less certain," said Koichi Yoshikawa, executive director of financial markets at Standard Chartered Bank. 
Other safe-haven assets also rose. The Swiss franc hit a four-month high of 1.0750 francs per euro , its highest level since late June, while gold reached a four-week high of $1,297 per ounce. 
Oil prices fell for the fourth day in a row, sliding to one-month lows. Brent crude futures fell more than 1 percent to $47.53 per barrel, and U.S. crude was down as low as $46.06 . Oil has lost 10 percent in the last two weeks. 
Story contribution by Reuters ; Commentary by TRUNEWS Article by Doc Burkhart , Vice-President, General Manager and co-host of TRUNEWS with Rick Wiles Got a news tip? Email us at Help support the ministry of TRUNEWS with your one-time or monthly gift of financial support. DONATE NOW ! DOWNLOAD THE TRUNEWS MOBILE APP! CLICK HERE! Donate Today! Support TRUNEWS to help build a global news network that provides a credible source for world news 
We believe Christians need and deserve their own global news network to keep the worldwide Church informed, and to offer Christians a positive alternative to the anti-Christian bigotry of the mainstream news media Top Stories

ARTICLE

Some Early Voters: Changing their Minds November 02, 2016 sample ballot is seen in a photo illustration, as early voting for the 2016 general elections began in North Carolina, in Chapel... 
The FBI's move to reopen investigation into Hillary Clinton's handling of classified information has some early voters changing their minds. 
Americans' interest in changing their 'early votes” has increased in recent days. The spike can be traced back to the day FBI Director James Comey announced that his agency would be probing more emails related to its investigation into Hillary Clinton's mishandling of classified emails. 
Comey announced Friday that the FBI would be reopening its investigation into Clinton's use of a private email server. As reported by The Daily Caller, based on Google Trends data, that day and in the days following Google searches for 'change early vote” have increased. The states that seem to show the increase in interest include Nevada, Louisiana, New Hampshire and Arkansas. 
Other variations on the search such as 'changing early vote” and 'change my early vote” yielded similar results. 
Original article by The Daily Caller / Analysis by TRUNEWS. 
- Article by , Correspondent for TRUNEWS Got a news tip? Email us at Help support the ministry of TRUNEWS with your one-time or monthly gift of financial support. DONATE NOW ! DOWNLOAD THE TRUNEWS MOBILE APP! CLICK HERE! Donate Today! Support TRUNEWS to help build a global news network that provides a credible source for world news 
We believe Christians need and deserve their own global news network to keep the worldwide Church informed, and to offer Christians a positive alternative to the anti-Christian bigotry of the mainstream news media Top Stories

ARTICLE

Militias prepare for election unrest while Christians fast November 02, 2016 Members of the III% Security Force militia gather for a field training exercise in Jackson, Georgia, U.S. October 29, 2016. REUTERS/Justin Mitchell 
Prominent patriot militia groups are preparing for potential unrest following the elections, while millions of Christians fast for a peaceful transition. Chris Hill, a paralegal, code named "Bloodagent”: "How many people are voting for Trump? Ooh-rah!" Hill admires Trump's promise to deport illegal immigrants, stop Muslims from entering the country and build a wall along the Mexico border. Hill: "This is the last chance to save America from ruin.” "I'm surprised I was able to survive or suffer through eight years of Obama without literally going insane, but Hillary is going to be more of the same." Hill on possible post-election march on DC: "I will be there to render assistance to my fellow countrymen, and prevent them from being disarmed, and I will fight and I will kill and I may die in the process.” Hill: 'We've building up for this, just like the Marines. We are going to really train harder and try to increase our operational capabilities in the event that this is the day that we hoped would never come." Southern Poverty Law Center: Estimates there were 276 active militias last year, up from 42 in 2008. Three Percent Security Force draws its name from the notion that no more than 3 percent of the American population fought in the Revolutionary War against Britain. Former Illinois Representative Joe Walsh: "If Trump loses, I'm grabbing my musket.” 
(JACKSON, GA) Down a Georgia country road, camouflaged members of the Three Percent Security Force have mobilized for rifle practice, hand-to-hand combat training -- and an impromptu campaign rally for Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump. 
"How many people are voting for Trump? Ooh-rah!" asks Chris Hill, a paralegal who goes by the code name "Bloodagent." 
"Ooh-rah!" shout a dozen militia members in response, as morning sunlight sifted through the trees last weekend. 
As the most divisive presidential election in recent memory nears its conclusion, some armed militia groups are preparing for the possibility of a stolen election on Nov. 8 and civil unrest in the days following a victory by Democrat Hillary Clinton. 
They say they won't fire the first shot, but they're not planning to leave their guns at home, either. 
Trump's populist campaign has energized militia members like Hill, who admire the Republican mogul's promise to deport illegal immigrants, stop Muslims from entering the country and build a wall along the Mexico border. Trump has repeatedly warned that the election may be "rigged," and has said he may not respect the results if he does not win. At least one paramilitary group, the Oath Keepers, has called on members to monitor voting sites for signs of fraud. 
The Oath Keepers, a prominent Pro-Constitution militia force that sent gun-toting members to the 2014 race riots in Ferguson, Missouri, called on members last week to monitor voting sites on election day for any signs of fraud. 
An hour south of Atlanta, the Three Percent Security Force started the day around the campfire, taking turns shooting automatic pistols and rifles at a makeshift target range. They whooped with approval when blasts from one member's high-powered rifle knocked down a tree. 
Millions of Christians are praying and fasting for a peaceful transition following the election results on November 9th. TRUNEWS President Rick Wiles announced a 21 day fast leading up to November 8th, encouraging believers around the country to join in intercession during this dangerous period for our nation.

ARTICLE

FBI releases Bill Clinton pay-to-play investigation November 02, 2016 U.S. President Barack Obama (L) listens to former president Bill Clinton during an event marking the 20th anniversary of the national service program AmeriCorps at the White House in Washington September 12, 2014. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque/File Photo 
On Tuesday, the FBI released documents related to a 2001 closed investigation into a pay-to-play scheme between former President Bill Clinton and Marc Rich, a man he granted a last-mine pardon. Rich's ex-wife, Denise, donated more than $1 million to various Clinton and Democratic entities, including the Democratic National Committee, Hillary Clinton's New York Senate campaign and the Clinton Foundation. Release reminds voters that the Clinton White House and Clinton Foundation were embroiled in an investigation concerning pay-to-play allegations. New files include one entry which shows that 'the required pardon standards and procedures were not followed” prior to the Rich pardon. Roger Adams, the U.S. Pardon Attorney at the time, testified to Congress in Feb. 2001 that 'none of the regular procedures were followed” ahead of the Rich reprieve. Former Attorney General Eric Holder is also mentioned in the file. It cites Holder's testimony that he was the only person who worked at DOJ — he was deputy attorney general at the time — about the Rich pardon. Clinton campaign press secretary Brian Fallon: 'Absent a FOIA litigation deadline, this is odd. Will FBI be posting docs on Trump's housing discrimination in '70s?” FBI: 'The FBI's Records Management Division receives thousands of FOIA requests annually which are processed on a first in, first out (FIFO) basis.” 
(WASHINGTON, DC) The FBI on Tuesday released documents related to a now-closed federal investigation of an alleged pay-to-play scheme involving Bill Clinton and the Clinton Foundation. 
The documents, which are heavily redacted, regard the investigation of Clinton's last-minute pardon of Marc Rich, a billionaire fugitive who was wanted in the U.S. for tax evasion. 
The Jan. 20, 2001 pardon sparked the last controversy to befall the scandal-plagued Clinton administration. Rich's ex-wife, Denise, donated more than $1 million to various Clinton and Democratic entities, including the Democratic National Committee, Hillary Clinton's New York Senate campaign and the Clinton Foundation. 
The release provides little in the way of information that has not already been publicized. But the dump is noteworthy for two reasons. It reminds voters that the Clinton White House and Clinton Foundation were embroiled in an investigation concerning pay-to-play allegations. The Clinton Foundation is reportedly being investigated at the present by multiple FBI field offices. 
The FBI issued a statement late Tuesday afternoon saying that the file was released in response to a FOIA request. 
'The FBI's Records Management Division receives thousands of FOIA requests annually which are processed on a first in, first out (FIFO) basis,” the statement reads. 
'By law, FOIA materials that have been requested three or more times are posted electronically to the FBI's public reading room shortly after they are processed. Per the standard procedure for FOIA, these materials became available for release and were posted automatically and electronically to the FBI's public reading room in accordance with the law and established procedures.”

ARTICLE

The Russia-Microsoft CyberWar is Underway November 02, 2016 The Russia-Microsoft CyberWar is Underway 
Microsoft Corp said on Tuesday that a hacking group previously linked to the Russian government and U.S. political hacks was behind recent cyber attacks that exploited a newly discovered Windows security flaw. 
The software maker said in an advisory on its website there had been a small number of attacks using "spear phishing" emails from a hacking group known Strontium, which is more widely known as "Fancy Bear," or APT 28. Microsoft did not identify any victims. 
Russia is not just sitting back. On Wednesday Putin basically banned Microsoft and the business service LinkedIn from operating in the country, according to NBC News : 
In his battle with the United States, Vladimir Putin has a new target — Microsoft. 
The Kremlin is backing a plan to rid government offices and state-controlled companies of all foreign software, starting with Moscow city government replacing Microsoft products with Russian ones, according to a senior U.S. intelligence official. 
The Russians have also moved toward blocking LinkedIn, the U.S.-based networking site that Microsoft is in the process of buying. The company is appealing an injunction, with a decision expected Nov. 10. 
Microsoft's disclosure of the new attacks and the link to Russia came after Washington accused Moscow of launching an unprecedented hacking campaign aimed at disrupting and discrediting the upcoming U.S. election. 
The U.S. government last month formally blamed the Russian government for the election-season hacks of Democratic Party emails and their subsequent disclosure via WikiLeaks and other entities. Russia has denied those accusations. 
Microsoft said a patch to protect Windows users against the newly discovered threat will be released on Nov. 8, which is Election Day. It was not clear whether the Windows vulnerability had been used in any of the recent U.S. political hacks. 
Representatives of the FBI and the Department of Homeland Security could not immediately be reached for comment. 
A U.S. intelligence expert on Russian cyber activity said that Fancy Bear primarily works for or on behalf of the GRU, Russia's military intelligence agency, which U.S. intelligence officials have concluded were responsible for hacks of Democratic Party databases and emails. 
In spear phishing, an attacker sends targeted messages, typically via email, that exploit known information to trick victims into clicking on malicious links or open tainted attachments. 
Microsoft said the attacks exploited a vulnerability in Adobe Systems Inc's Flash software and one in the Windows operating system. 
Adobe released a patch for that vulnerability on Monday, when security researchers with Google went public with details on the attack. 
Microsoft chided rival Google for going public with details of the vulnerabilities before it had time to prepare and test a patch to fix them. 
"Google's decision to disclose these vulnerabilities before patches are broadly available and tested is disappointing, and puts customers at increased risk," Microsoft said. 
A Google representative declined to comment on Microsoft's statement. 
Google disclosed the flaw on Monday, following its standing policy of going public seven days after discovering "critical vulnerabilities" that are being actively exploited by hackers. 
Google gives software companies 60 days to patch less serious bugs. Article by Doc Burkhart , Vice-President, General Manager and co-host of TRUNEWS with Rick Wiles Got a news tip? Email us at Help support the ministry of TRUNEWS with your one-time or monthly gift of financial support. DONATE NOW ! DOWNLOAD THE TRUNEWS MOBILE APP! CLICK HERE!  

ARTICLE

US Supreme Court: Transgender Bathroom in Schools November 02, 2016 
For the first time the US Supreme Court will take up the issue of Transgender Bathrooms being forced on schoolchildren. 
The transgender bathroom and locker room issue has been debated in states across America since President Obama earlier this year publicly announced that Title IX anti-discrimination law includes transgender self-identity, he even weighed in specifically on the particular case in Virginia that has made it's way to the Supreme Court. Caitlyn Hope, a 17-year-old began to self-identify as a boy in 2014. She has not undergone sex change surgery but is undergoing hormone therapy. Caitlyn legally changed her name to Gavin and started to use the boys' showers, toilets, and locker rooms at school. 
"This is the first time that the Court will be addressing the question of whether laws protecting against sex discrimination in education are applicable to 'gender identity,'” Liberty Counsel noted. 
Parents voiced their concerns when hearing about what was happening at the school. Despite school board attempts to accommodate by building private, single-stall bathrooms and to keep school common bathrooms gender separate, they were sued. The American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) brought a lawsuit on Caitlyn's behalf, demanding that she may use all of the school's facilities. It is expected that the Supreme Court ruling next year will have direct impact on community bathroom laws, such as North Carolina's HB2, which keeps public bathrooms gender separate. 
There are currently only eight justices on the Supreme Court, and with Republicans disallowing hearings on Obama's nominees, either pro-transgender Hillary Clinton or pro-life Donald Trump will nominate someone to fill the vacancy. On November 8th YOU will decide! 
Original article by www.lifesitenews.com / TRUNEWS analysis.  

ARTICLE

Russian Scientist Says Newest Ice Age is Happening Now November 02, 2016 Russian Scientist Says Newest Ice Age is Underway 
A new study by a prominent Russian astrophysicist claims the 'new Little Ice Age” started at the end of 2015 due to low solar activity, kicking off decades of 'deep cooling” in the latter half of the 21st Century. 'As a result, the Earth has, and will continue to have, a negative average annual energy balance and a long-term adverse thermal condition,” Dr. Habibullo Abdussamatov , who is the head of space research for the Pulkovo Observatory at the Russian Academy of Sciences, wrote in a recent study. 'The quasi-centennial epoch of the new Little Ice Age has started at the end 2015 after the maximum phase of solar cycle 24,” Abdussamatov wrote. 'The start of a solar grand minimum is anticipated in solar cycle 27 in 2043 and the beginning of phase of deep cooling in the new Little Ice Age in 2060.” Abdussamatov's latest work was translated into English and featured in a new book by geologist Don Easterbrook on evidence opposing the mainstream view that carbon dioxide is the main source of recent global warming. 
Abdussamatov argues that declining solar activity will cause a gradual cooling over North America and Europe, which could recreate the conditions experienced during the 'Little Ice Age”— cooler periods from Middle Ages to the mid-19th Century that coincided with a lull in sunspots. 
'The gradual weakening of the Gulf Stream leads to stronger cooling in the zone of its action in western Europe and the eastern parts of the United States and Canada,” Abdussamatov wrote. 
'Quasi-bicentennial cyclic variations of [total solar irradiance] together with successive very important influences of the causal feedback effects are the main fundamental causes of corresponding alterations in climate variation from warming to the Little Ice Age,” he wrote. 
Abdussamatov previously predicted declining solar activity would lead to a new 'Little Ice Age” in the next 30 years. 
READ MORE: "SUN'S HEARTBEAT" INDICATES A SOON-COMING GLOBAL ICE AGE 
For years, some scientists have warned that declining solar activity could bring cooler global temperatures in the coming years, but this view has been contested by many scientists who see greenhouse gases, like CO2, as the primary warming agent. 
A 2015 study led by Met Office scientist Sarah Ineson found the overall cooling effect of a 'grand solar minimum” would be marginal — only offsetting 0.1 degree Celsius of greenhouse gas warming. 
Though regional impacts could be more pronounced, Inseon found. Her study found northern Europe could see 0.4 to 0.8 degrees of cooling if solar activity hits record low levels. 
'This research shows that the regional impacts of a grand solar minimum are likely to be larger than the global effect, but it's still nowhere near big enough to override the expected global warming trend due to man-made change,” Ineson said in a statement. 
'This means that even if we were to see a return to levels of solar activity not seen since the Maunder Minimum, our winters would likely still be getting milder overall,” she said. 
But sunspot aficionados argue the 'pause” in global average temperature since the late 1990s coincides with decreasing solar activity. Most scientists say the 'pause” in global warming was caused by ocean oscillation cycles. 
'Since 1990, the Sun has been in the declining phase of the quasi-bicentennial variation in total solar irradiance,” Abdussamatov wrote. 'The decrease in the portion of TSI absorbed by the Earth since 1990 has remained uncompensated by the Earth's long-wave radiation into space at the previous high level because of the thermal inertia of the world's oceans.” 
Original content provided by The Daily Caller ; additional commentary and insight provided by TRUNEWS Article by Doc Burkhart , Vice-President, General Manager and co-host of TRUNEWS with Rick Wiles Got a news tip? Email us at Help support the ministry of TRUNEWS with your one-time or monthly gift of financial support. DONATE NOW ! DOWNLOAD THE TRUNEWS MOBILE APP! CLICK HERE! Donate Today! Support TRUNEWS to help build a global news network that provides a credible source for world news 
We believe Christians need and deserve their own global news network to keep the worldwide Church informed, and to offer Christians a positive alternative to the anti-Christian bigotry of the mainstream news media Top Stories

ARTICLE

TRUNEWS 11/02/16 Jim Rickards | Spook D'etat: Deep State Civil War November 02, 2016 Is there a George Washington style civil war currently raging within the Deep State? Today on TRUNEWS, Rick Wiles unravels the surreal claims of veteran intelligence asset Steve Pieczenik, as headlines of Clinton-Epstein pedophilia, America under the control of an elite shadow, and a counter-coup led through internet activism, plaster the feeds of believers. Rick also speaks with economic insider Jim Rickards regarding the looming financial Armageddon as global banks face the death of derivatives. 
Today's Audio Streamcast. Click the audio bar to listen: <span itemprop="name" content="TRUNEWS 11/02/16 Jim Rickards | Spook D&#x27;etat: Deep State Civil War"></span> <span itemprop="description" content="Is there a George Washington style civil war currently raging within the Deep State? Today on TRUNEWS, Rick Wiles unravels the surreal claims of veteran intelligence asset Steve Pieczenik, as headlines of Clinton-Epstein pedophilia, America under the control of an elite shadow, and a counter-coup led through internet activism, plaster the feeds of believers. Rick also speaks with economic insider Jim Rickards regarding the looming financial Armageddon as global banks face the death of derivatives."></span> <span itemprop="duration" content="5707"></span> <span itemprop="thumbnail" content="http://static.panda-os.com/p/1305/sp/130500/thumbnail/entry_id/0_a840ri7s/version/1 /acv/62"></span> <span itemprop="width" content="350"></span> <span itemprop="height" content="25"></span> <a href="http://corp.kaltura.com/products/video-platform-features">Video Platform</a> <a href="http://corp.kaltura.com/Products/Features/Video-Management">Video Management</a> <a href="http://corp.kaltura.com/Video-Solutions">Video Solutions</a> <a href="http://corp.kaltura.com/Products/Features/Video-Player">Video Player</a> 
Right-click to download today's show to your local device in mp3 format: Streamcast MP3 
Email: | Twitter: @EdwardSzall | Facebook: Ed Szall DOWNLOAD THE TRUNEWS MOBILE APP on Apple and Google Play ! Donate Today! Support TRUNEWS to help build a global news network that provides a credible source for world news 
We believe Christians need and deserve their own global news network to keep the worldwide Church informed, and to offer Christians a positive alternative to the anti-Christian bigotry of the mainstream news media How To Listen To TRUNEWS 
Here on our show pages, there are two ways to listen to TRUNEWS. The first is to use the embedded player on the page. It is the black bar that you see above. Just click the arrow on the player for today's broadcast. If you prefer to save the program to listen to it later on your PC or mobile device, just click the 'DOWNLOAD MP3' link above to archive that particular streamcast. Streamcast Archives

ARTICLE

Black Christian leaders issue Clinton letter of demands November 03, 2016 U.S. Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton listens as U.S. First Lady Michelle Obama (not pictured) speaks during a campaign rally in Winston-Salem, North Carolina, U.S. on October 27, 2016. REUTERS/Carlos Barria/File Photo 
Twenty six black Christian leaders have issued Hillary Clinton a powerful letter regarding religious freedom, education, unemployment, abortion and violence decimating their communities. (VERO BEACH, FL) Black leaders slammed Hillary Clinton's position toward the poor in a letter delivered to her campaign Monday, saying her economic ideas won't help black communities in crisis and that her social views pose a threat to their religious liberty. 
'Today in the United States more than ten million people of African descent face a crisis of catastrophic proportion,” it says. 'As leaders of the Pentecostal-Charismatic wing of the black church, we are requesting a meeting with you to discuss some of the critical issues in the black community: education and employment, religious freedom, violence, and justice for the unborn.” 
'How do you justify your unconscionable silence in the face of such destruction of innocent black life? Don't black lives matter?” they ask Clinton about abortion. 
They continue : 
Secretary Clinton, we are also very concerned about your position regarding unborn children and the black church's commitment to defend them. In April 2015 in a speech before the National Organization of Women you stated 'Far too many women are still denied critical access to reproductive health care and safe childbirth… Laws have to be backed up with resources and political will. And deep-seated cultural codes, religious beliefs and structural biases have to be changed…” 
For political leaders to call for changes in citizens' beliefs is reminiscent of totalitarianism. In our view, such a proposal constitutes a denial of our religious freedom. 
The vast majority of black churches hold biblical teaching, which is eternal, as authoritative for doctrine and practice. Abortion is the deliberate destruction of a human life in its most vulnerable state. Biblical principle and natural law, both of which prohibit the taking of innocent human life, compel our concern about the increasing moral complicity with abortion. 
For the same reasons that we as black Christian leaders oppose racism, unjust wars, capital punishment and euthanasia, we oppose the violent denial of life to the unborn through abortion. It is our view that human life is a gift of God that we are called upon to protect, nurture and sustain, because we are created in God's image. Therefore, our opposition to abortion is a logical outgrowth of our view that there must be justice for all. 
Particularly relevant is the innocence of the unborn child. The Bible places an extremely high value on human life and particularly on the lives of the innocent who are under the special protection of God. Those who take the life of the innocent violate a key biblical principle as well as a fundamental principle of natural justice. 
Abortion in the black community has had a catastrophic impact. Nationally there are 365 black babies aborted for every 1,000 that are born. Blacks account for roughly 38% of all abortions in the country though we represent only 13% of the population. In New York City, the situation is absolutely dire. 
According to a report prepared by the city's Department of Health and Mental Hygiene, in 2013 there were more abortions among black women in the city, 29,007, than there were black babies born, 24,108. Both nationally and in New York City, the abortion rates among black women are much higher than among any other demographic group. (This claim has been fact-checked by Politifact and deemed to be accurate.) In New York City more black babies are dying in their mother's womb than are being born. 
In 2008, Secretary Clinton, you took the position that abortion should be rare, and you emphasized 'by rare I mean rare.” But Black babies are dying at terrifying rates. 
How do you justify your unconscionable silence in the face of such destruction of innocent black life? Don't black lives matter? What policies would you pursue as president to reverse the soaring abortion rates among black women? 
On Monday afternoon, Dr. Jacqueline C. Rivers presented the letter to Clinton's Brooklyn campaign headquarters requesting a meeting. 
Signatures to the letter: Presiding Bishop Charles E. Blake, Church of God in Christ, Los Angeles, CA Dr. Jacqueline C. Rivers, Seymour Institute for Black Church & Policy Studies , Boston, MA Bishop Lemuel F. Thuston Vice Chairman, General Assembly, Church of God in Christ Bishop Gideon A. Thompson, Church of God, Boston, MA Bishop Dr. Frank Madison Reid III, African Methodist Episcopal Church, Baltimore, MD Bishop James W. E. Dixon, Baptist Church, Houston, TX Apostle James I. Clark, Jr., Church of our Lord Jesus Christ, Director of Social Justice, Economic & Racial Equality Commission Bishop Tyrone L. Butler, Church of God in Christ, New York, NY Bishop Felton Smith Church of God in Christ Nashville, TN Chairman Linwood Dillard, Church of God in Christ, Memphis, TN Reverend Dr. Jamal H. Bryant, African Methodist Episcopal, Baltimore, MD Reverend Charles R. Harrison, United Methodist Church, Indianapolis, IN Professor Frederick L. Ware Howard, School of Divinity, Washington, DC Reverend Dr. Alonzo Johnson, Church of God in Christ, Columbia, SC Pastor Jamie Perdomo, Iglesia Cristiana Nueva Vida, East Boston, MA Reverend Ronald C. Potter, Jackson, MI Donna Desilus, Azusa Christian Community, Boston, MA Bishop Talbot W. Swan, Church of God in Christ, Springfield, MA Pastor Michael Golden, Church of God in Christ, Hampton, VA Reverend Vernard Coulter, Missionary Baptist Church, Boston, MA Pastor Egobudike Ezedi, Empowerment Christian Center, Boston, MA Malcolm R. Rivers, Seymour Institute, Washington, DC Reverend Dr. Rozario Slack, Church of God in Christ, Chattanooga, TN Reverend Arthur Porter, Church of God in Christ Denver, CO Dr. Jamal D. Hopkins, Pasadena, CA Reverend Mark V. Scott, Azusa Christian Community Boston, MA

ARTICLE

Hillary Campaign Fakes It Most of the Time November 03, 2016 Hillary Campaign Fakes It Most of the Time 
Newly-leaked emails show that a major figure in Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign urged the Democratic National Committee (DNC) to schedule meetings with other prospective presidential candidates to make the process appear less biased. The email, sent January 2015 before the official launch of Clinton's campaign, is part of the latest dump of John Podesta emails by the online hacktivist group Wikileaks. The message, authored by campaign manager Robby Mook, is about a planned meeting between Clinton and then-DNC Chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz It also describes a meeting between Mook and White House political adviser David Simas. Mook's message mostly deals with mundane political details, but at the end he makes an interesting comment that suggests an awareness of pro-Clinton bias at the DNC. 
'I asked [Simas] that he make sure she [DWS] has meetings scheduled with other potential candidates, so they can credibly say they're meeting with everyone.” 
The sentence is brief but carries a clear implication: Mook is urging the DNC to set up meetings for the sole purpose of looking like it isn't in the tank for Clinton's campaign. 
READ MORE: FOX'S CHRIS WALLACE GRILLS ROBBY MOOK OVER HILLARY CLINTON CAMPAIGN SCANDALS 
The emails supplement an ample amount of existing evidence that the DNC overtly favored Clinton during the presidential primary process, despite the fact it is supposed to be politically neutral between different Democratic candidates. For instance, then-deputy DNC Chair Donna Brazile fed primary debate questions to Clinton's campaign, while leaked DNC emails from the summer showed a great deal of official hostility towards Sen. Bernie Sanders' campaign. 
Mook's comment indicates the Clinton campaign was very aware of the DNC's bias from the beginning of 2015, and was directly advising Wasserman Schultz on how she could make this bias less obvious. Article by Doc Burkhart , Vice-President, General Manager and co-host of TRUNEWS with Rick Wiles Got a news tip? Email us at Help support the ministry of TRUNEWS with your one-time or monthly gift of financial support. DONATE NOW ! DOWNLOAD THE TRUNEWS MOBILE APP! CLICK HERE! Donate Today! Support TRUNEWS to help build a global news network that provides a credible source for world news 
We believe Christians need and deserve their own global news network to keep the worldwide Church informed, and to offer Christians a positive alternative to the anti-Christian bigotry of the mainstream news media Top Stories

ARTICLE

Secret Service Knew About, Managed Clinton Private Server November 03, 2016 Secret Service Knew About, Managed Clinton Private Server 
Federal law enforcement officials not only knew about, but may also have played a role in managing former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton's private server located in her New York mansion in as early as 2011, new documents show. A Secret Service agent told the FBI that the Clintons also enlisted Secret Service resources to do work for the Clinton Foundation. A spokesman for the foundation denied using government resources They suggested that a Secret Service agent who recounted investigating a hack on the foundation's server must have confused it with Clinton's home-brew server. 
If the foundation spokesman's assertion is correct, it suggests information may have been stolen when the home-brew server was attacked, which Clinton has denied. 
As the FBI summarized the testimony of a Secret Service agent whose name was redacted, the agent 'was assigned to the protective detail of William Clinton from [redacted] to [redacted]. Because of [his] information technology (IT) skills, he was asked to do network assessments and troubleshoot IT issues at the Clinton Foundation… [he] assisted the Clinton Foundation in a case related to theft of information on the Clinton Foundation information systems.” 
The testimony was included among documents from the FBI's email investigation that were made public Wednesday by the law enforcement agency. 
In addition to protecting high-level officials, the Secret Service has a secondary mission that allows it to investigate cyber-crimes, as The Weekly Standard, which first reported the testimony, noted. 
But the Secret Service's cyber-crimes division hadn't decided to take the case, the former president had used the taxpayer-funded guard to do other tasks, including 'troubleshooting IT issues,” which doesn't indicate cyber-crimes. The agent was not a cyber-crimes specialist, but rather someone who happened to have some IT skills. 
He conducted 'open source research relating to the security of email servers,” likely a euphemism for reading online forums and tutorials. 
The agent's testimony said the assistance started for the foundation, then was expanded to include another server located in the Clintons' home. The agent 'was contacted by Justin Cooper in January 2011 to assist with the security of an email server at the Clinton residence in Chappaqua, New York.” Cooper is an aide to Douglas Band, Clinton's long-time personal assistant and business associate. 
The agent 'contacted Bryan Pagliano to recommend adding outbound IP filtering to the server.” Pagliano, a Clinton campaign staffer turned State Department aide, has since pleaded the Fifth Amendment, refusing to answer questions from congressional investigators. 
The Clinton Foundation told the Weekly Standard that 'it appears the agent is conflating the Clinton Foundation with the president's personal office,” suggesting that the foundation was never hacked and that both instances must have referred to Bill Clinton's personal office email. 
Clinton's email and the former president's personal office both ran off the same email server, Clinton has said, adding 
'The use of that server, which started with my husband, certainly proved to be effective and secure.” 
The FBI summary of the agent's testimony said the agent 'was aware of no other information pertaining to the email server located in Chappaqua.” 
Secret Service sources interviewed by the Weekly Standard said the agency 'absolutely” worked on the 'theft of information” case for the Clinton Foundation and that records show it. 
If an intrusion did not occur on the foundation's server and the agent was confusing the home and foundation servers, then it suggests that Clinton's private server had a 'theft of information” situation. 
Clinton has combated criticism of the private server by saying it was safe because the Secret Service guarded the property —'It was on property guarded by the Secret Service, and there were no security breaches.” The testimony, however, weakens that argument, as the testimony indicates that the Secret Service was providing traditional physical security, and one guard happened to have some IT familiarity. 
Federal security had already been informed of the server's existence at least as early as November 2010. That month, IT aide Pagliano reported to the Secret Service 10 unsuccessful hack attempts on the server that Clinton used to conduct State Department business. 
The hackers had used the login 'Huma,” the first name of Clinton's closest personal aide at the Department of State, according to emails obtained under a lawsuit brought by Judicial Watch. 
The 'theft of information” situation does not seem to refer to that failed attempt, since the Secret Service was contacted about it in November 2010, but the testimony refers to being contacted about the personal server in January 2011. 
President Barack Obama said in March 2015 he only learned of the server from the news media, even though as State Department aides frantically worried about after the denial, Clinton and Obama had emailed using the private address. Article by Doc Burkhart , Vice-President, General Manager and co-host of TRUNEWS with Rick Wiles Got a news tip? Email us at Help support the ministry of TRUNEWS with your one-time or monthly gift of financial support. DONATE NOW ! DOWNLOAD THE TRUNEWS MOBILE APP! CLICK HERE! Donate Today! Support TRUNEWS to help build a global news network that provides a credible source for world news 
We believe Christians need and deserve their own global news network to keep the worldwide Church informed, and to offer Christians a positive alternative to the anti-Christian bigotry of the mainstream news media Top Stories

ARTICLE

Conway: Called Delusional on 'The View” November 03, 2016 Campaign manager Kellyanne Conway for U.S.... Campaign manager Kellyanne Conway for U.S. Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump speaks to the media at Trump Tower in the... 
The women of "The View" called Donald Trump's campaign manager "delusional", but barely let her speak. 
Kellyanne Conway appeared on ABC's "The View" Wednesday only to be called 'delusional” when she attempted to answer a question about Donald Trump's and nuclear weapons. Joy Behar commented that Trump's "rhetoric about nuclear weapons is reckless", but when Conway tried to respond she was interrupted repeatedly and eventually called "delusional". The back and forth banter was more like an aggressive approach to dumb down Conway's answers and of course limit any negative talk about the Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton, who is under intense legal scrutiny just days before election. The women also stated that they did not care if Donald Trump "ever came back on the show". Remains to be seen if they will say the same thing if he wins the nomination.

ARTICLE

New World Order Pushes Back on Brexit Revolution November 03, 2016 New World Order Pushes Back on Brexit Revolution 
(LONDON) - England's High Court ruled on Thursday that the British government requires parliamentary approval to trigger the process of exiting the European Union, upsetting Prime Minister Theresa May's Brexit plans. The government said it would appeal against the decision and a spokeswoman for May said the prime minister would press ahead with the planned timetable of launching talks on the terms of Brexit by the end of March. The pound rose on the court's ruling, hitting a three-week high against the dollar. Many investors took the view that lawmakers would temper the government's policies and make an economically disruptive "hard Brexit" less likely. "The most fundamental rule of the UK's constitution is that parliament is sovereign and can make and unmake any law it chooses," said Lord Chief Justice John Thomas, England's most senior judge. Thomas and two other senior judges did not spell out what action the government needed to take. They also did not say whether it would need to pass a new law to trigger the divorce proceedings, which could face opposition and amendments from both houses of parliament, particularly the House of Lords, the unelected upper chamber. 
Once again, those individuals who are pushing for a New World Order will do ANYTHING to stop the will of the people from being implemented, because those in power think they know better than the very people who elected them. - TRUNEWS 
In theory, parliament could block Brexit altogether. But few people expect that outcome, given that the British people voted by 52 to 48 percent to leave the EU in a referendum in June. 
However, the ruling makes the already daunting task of taking Britain out of a club it joined 43 years ago even more complex. It also puts at risk May's March deadline triggering Article 50 of the EU's Lisbon Treaty, the formal step needed to start the process of exiting the bloc. 
"The government is disappointed by the court's judgment," trade minister Liam Fox told parliament. "The country voted to leave the European Union in a referendum approved by acts of parliament. The government is determined to respect the result of the referendum." 
Making clear the government planned to stick to its timetable, the spokeswoman for May said: "Our plan remains to invoke Article 50 by the end of March, we believe the legal timetable should allow for that." 
"HARD BREXIT" NOW LESS LIKELY? 
The court ruled that the government could not trigger Article 50 without approval from parliament. 
"The court does not accept the argument put forward by the government," Thomas said. "We decide that the government does not have power ... to give notice pursuant to Article 50 for the UK to withdraw from the European Union." 
The judges granted the government permission to appeal to the Supreme Court, Britain's highest judicial body, which has set aside Dec. 5-8 to deal with the matter. 
Investment manager Gina Miller, the lead claimant in the legal challenge, said the case was about "process, not politics" and rejected accusations of trying to usurp the will of the people. 
"One of the big arguments (in the referendum) was parliamentary sovereignty," she told reporters. "So you can't on the day you get back sovereignty decide you're going to sidestep or throw it away." 
Lawmakers largely voted to remain in the EU in the June referendum. Many investors believe greater parliamentary involvement in the process would therefore reduce the influence of ministers in May's government who are strongly pro-Brexit. 
TRUNEWS warned listeners and readers back in July about the attempts to hijack the Brexit win. READ MORE in the article entitled BREXIT TIMETABLE NOT SET IN STONE 
This could reduce the likelihood of a "hard Brexit", a scenario in which Britain prioritizes tight controls on immigration over remaining in the European single market. 
Nigel Farage, head of the anti-EU party UKIP, said on Twitter that he feared the ruling could turn into an attempt to scupper Brexit altogether. 
"I worry that a betrayal may be near at hand," he said. "I now fear every attempt will be made to block or delay triggering Article 50. They have no idea (of the) level of public anger they will provoke."

ARTICLE

Bret Baier: FBI Indictment ALMOST certain in Hillary case November 03, 2016 
Fox News' Bret Baier says his sources claim that an indictment is almost certain in the new FBI investigation into Hillary Clinton's private email server. Baier made the claim Wednesday night during a broadcast of 'On the Record” with Brit Hume. Baier: 'Lot of evidence” had been recovered from Anthony Wiener's laptop. 'I pressed, again and again, on this very issue. These sources said, yes, the investigations will continues [sic], there's a lot of evidence, and barring some obstruction in some way, they believe they'll continue to, likely, an indictment.” Baier didn't say exactly who would be the most most likely target of an indictment, nor the timeline. Baiser sources: Greater than 99 percent confidence that Clinton's private email server had been hacked by at least five foreign intelligence agencies. 
(WASHINGTON, DC) Citing sources at the FBI, Fox News anchor Bret Baier said the FBI's renewed investigation of Hillary Clinton's email server will almost certainly end in an indictment, unless some sort of 'obstruction” arises. 
Baier made the claim Wednesday night during a broadcast of 'On the Record” with Brit Hume. He said that a 'lot of evidence” had been recovered from Anthony Wiener's laptop, and made an eventual indictment appear very likely, even if it came months after the election. 
'I pressed, again and again, on this very issue,” Baier told Hume. 'These sources said, yes, the investigations will continues [sic], there's a lot of evidence, and barring some obstruction in some way, they believe they'll continue to, likely, an indictment.” 
Baier didn't say exactly who would be the most most likely target of an indictment, and what the timeline on such an indictment would be. 
Baier also said that his sources had greater than 99 percent confidence that Clinton's private email server had been hacked by at least five foreign intelligence agencies. When FBI Director James Comey first announced last summer that no charges would be recommended regarding Clinton's server, he said the FBI had no way of knowing whether the server had been hacked. 
Clinton's presidential campaign aggressively downplayed the severity of the renewed investigation into her private email server, and criticized the judgment of Comey for publicly announcing it. 
Daily Caller copy, TRUNEWS analysis Please contact TRUNEWS correspondent Edward Szall with any news tips related to this story. Email: | Twitter: @EdwardSzall | Facebook: Ed Szall DOWNLOAD THE TRUNEWS MOBILE APP on Apple and Google Play ! Donate Today! Support TRUNEWS to help build a global news network that provides a credible source for world news 
We believe Christians need and deserve their own global news network to keep the worldwide Church informed, and to offer Christians a positive alternative to the anti-Christian bigotry of the mainstream news media Top Stories

ARTICLE

US TV: LGBTQ Characters Doubled November 03, 2016 Actors Lea DeLaria, Emma Myles and Jessica Pimentel (L to R) of ''Orange is the New Black'' hold their awards for Outstanding Performance by an Ensemble in a Comedy Series at the 22nd Screen Actors Guild Awards in 
While many still claim disparities in ethnic and religious representation in media, The LGBTQ representation is reported at an all time high. 
Advocacy group GLAAD reports that the number of transgender characters has doubled to 16 this year. The "Where We Are on TV" report looked at diversity in broadcast, cable and streaming services for the 2016-17 television season. The report found a total of 278 LGBTQ regular and recurring characters across all platforms, the highest since GLAAD started tracking such numbers 20 years ago. GLAAD'S president is quoted in a report by Reuters saying, 
"While it is heartening to see progress being made in LGBTQ representation on television, it's important to remember that numbers are only part of the story, and we must continue the push for more diverse and intricate portrayals of the LGBTQ community," GLAAD President Sarah Kate Ellis said in a statement. 
Also this year, Charisma News reported on a survey conducted by The Barna Group of Republicans and Democrats asking them whether Hollywood is biased against Christianity. It found that 32 percent of Republicans, and 5 percent of Democrats, believe that Hollywood generally portrays Christianity in a negative way. The article pointed out that over a decade ago, actress Jennifer O'Neill said, 
"If you mention the name Jesus Christ in Hollywood, all hell breaks loose." 

So, where are we now? The portrayal of Christian characters is minimal and extremely misrepresented to fit specific agendas. As a result, faith based outlets appear to be independently rising not relying on mainstream media to "define" who they are. TRUNEWS with Pastor Rick Wiles is one of them! 
Original article by Reuters / TRUNEWS analysis. 
- Article by , Correspondent for TRUNEWS Got a news tip? Email us at Help support the ministry of TRUNEWS with your one-time or monthly gift of financial support. DONATE NOW ! DOWNLOAD THE TRUNEWS MOBILE APP! CLICK HERE! Donate Today! Support TRUNEWS to help build a global news network that provides a credible source for world news 
We believe Christians need and deserve their own global news network to keep the worldwide Church informed, and to offer Christians a positive alternative to the anti-Christian bigotry of the mainstream news media Top Stories

ARTICLE

Dueling Drills Further Increase NATO Russia Tensions November 03, 2016 Dueling Drills Further Increase NATO Russia Tensions 
Irked by NATO's disaster-relief drills in Montenegro, Russia held special forces exercises with its Balkan neighbour Serbia on Wednesday. In Montenegro, which split from Serbia a decade ago, NATO is on Friday due to wrap up a five-day disaster-relief drill of 680 unarmed personnel from seven NATO members and 10 partner countries including Serbia. "It is in the interest of Montenegro, in the interest of NATO, and also in the interest of the region, to be part of NATO and promote Euro-Atlantic values in the Balkans, and these values benefit each and every one of us," Montenegro's deputy Prime Minister Dusko Markovic , said about the exercise. Across the border, in Serbia, Russia flew in its paratroopers along with allied Belarus for an exercise called "Slavic Brotherhood", which according the Serbian defence ministry focuses on "fighting terrorism". 
The drills are set to last until November 9 and will include 212 Russian, 450 Serbian and 56 Belarusian troops. Three Russian transport planes have already landed in Belgrade on Wednesday bringing in soldiers and equipment. 
Drills in the two former Yugoslav republics reflect mounting tensions between Russia and the West over a variety of geopolitical issues including conflicts in Syria and Ukraine. 
READ MORE: RUSSIA IS MOVING NUKES WEST IN RESPONSE TO CONTINUING NATO AGGRESSION 
In Serbia, NATO is hugely unpopular after its 1999 bombing ousted Belgrade's armed forces out of its former southern province of Kosovo. 
But as part of its integrations with the West, Serbia last year signed the Individual Partnership Action Plan (IPAP), the highest level of cooperation between NATO and a country not aspiring to join. 
An EU candidate, Serbia insists that it is militarily neutral, but maintains close ties with Russia, its Orthodox Christian and Slavic superpower ally, the biggest gas and oil source and an obstacle to Kosovo's membership in the United Nations. 
Last year Montenegro accepted an invitation to join NATO, a move that soured relations withRussia. Ahead of October's parliamentary vote Montenegro's outgoing Prime Minister Milo Djukanovic accused Moscow of meddling in country's elections and of financing the opposition. A fifth of the votes in the poll went to an anti-NATO, pro-Serbia bloc. Article by Doc Burkhart , Vice-President, General Manager and co-host of TRUNEWS with Rick Wiles Got a news tip? Email us at Help support the ministry of TRUNEWS with your one-time or monthly gift of financial support. DONATE NOW ! DOWNLOAD THE TRUNEWS MOBILE APP! CLICK HERE! Donate Today! Support TRUNEWS to help build a global news network that provides a credible source for world news 
We believe Christians need and deserve their own global news network to keep the worldwide Church informed, and to offer Christians a positive alternative to the anti-Christian bigotry of the mainstream news media Top Stories

ARTICLE

Oil prices rise globally amid glut woes November 03, 2016 A pump jack is seen at sunrise near Bakersfield, California October 14, 2014. REUTERS/Lucy Nicholson 
Oil prices rose globally Thursday as an attack on a Nigerian pipeline and momentum from a five-week low. Brent crude trading up 48 cents, or 1 percent, at $47.34 a barrel. U.S. crude up 40 cents, or 0.9 percent, at $45.74 per barrel. Futures have not recovered to levels traded in October Stockpiles of oil in the United States have risen to record amount of 14 million barrels. Ole Hansen, head of commodity strategy at Saxo Bank: 'Following a host of negative news, which culminated with another erratic U.S. inventory report, oil has stabilized and moved higher, driven by short-covering and the sense that it may have become too pessimistic about an OPEC deal being reached.” London broker PVM: "There is a massive market-share battle going on between Russia and Middle Eastern oil producers that sees Saudi oil ending up in Poland and Russian crude in traditional OPEC markets in the Far East.” "Last but definitely not least ... Russia is in dire economic difficulty and needs cash." 
(LONDON, UK) Oil prices rose on Thursday, supported by news of an attack on a Nigerian pipeline and moving up off a five-week low reached the previous session when U.S. crude stocks data compounded doubts that a glut in global oil supplies could be eroded. 
Brent crude was trading up 48 cents, or 1 percent, at $47.34 a barrel by 1200 GMT. U.S. crude was up 40 cents, or 0.9 percent, at $45.74 per barrel. 
Prices were underpinned by concerns about supply disruptions after militants in Nigeria's southern Niger Delta oil hub attacked a pipeline operated by the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation on Wednesday.

ARTICLE

Deutsche Bank Unloading Asian Assets to Boost Ledger November 03, 2016 Deutsche Bank Unloading Asian Assets to Boost Ledger 
Deutsche Bank's sale of a 20 percent stake in Chinese peer Hua Xia to PICC Property and Casualty has received regulatory approval, Germany's flagship lender said on Thursday. 
Hopes to expand into the Chinese banking market never materialized for Deutsche Bank as for several other Western lenders. Bank of America <BAC.N> reacted in 2013 by divesting a shareholding in China Construction Bank <601939.SS>, while Citigroup <C.N> sold its stake in Chinese lender Guangfa [GDDVB.UL] earlier this year. 
Deutsche Bank, which faces large legal costs for cleaning up past missteps as well as for reinventing itself in a changed market and regulatory environment decided the sale of the Hua Xia stake, in which Deutsche Bank invested in 2006, in December 2015. 
But it took Hua Xia longer than expected to obtain clearance for the deal from the ChinaBanking Regulatory Commission, weighing on the price of the sale. 
While Deutsche Bank had said last year that it was selling the stake for 23 to 25.7 billion yuan or 3.2 to 3.7 billion euros ($3.6-4.1 billion), a move in exchange rates means that the price has come down to 3 to 3.5 billion euros. 
At the beginning of 2015, the stake's market value stood at 4 billion euros, but it plunged in a global selloff of Chinese equities 
Deutsche Bank wrote down the value of the stake to 2.8 billion euros in its books as of Sept. 30, among other due to dividend payments receives from Hua Xia. 
New bank rules make it disadvantageous for banks to hold minority stakes in other lenders. 
The Hua Xia divestment frees up capital and boosts Deutsche Bank's capital ratio by 50 basis points to 11.6 percent. The effect of the sale had already been taken into account in the European Central Bank's stress test of Europe's banks in summer. Article by Doc Burkhart , Vice-President, General Manager and co-host of TRUNEWS with Rick Wiles Got a news tip? Email us at Help support the ministry of TRUNEWS with your one-time or monthly gift of financial support. DONATE NOW ! DOWNLOAD THE TRUNEWS MOBILE APP! CLICK HERE! Donate Today! Support TRUNEWS to help build a global news network that provides a credible source for world news 
We believe Christians need and deserve their own global news network to keep the worldwide Church informed, and to offer Christians a positive alternative to the anti-Christian bigotry of the mainstream news media Top Stories

ARTICLE

Germany Clamping Down on Offshore Tax Havens November 03, 2016 Germany Clamping Down on Offshore Tax Havens 
German Finance Minister Wolfgang Schaeuble wants to force Germans to disclose their dealings with offshore firms in tax havens and make banks liable for lost tax income if they conceal their clients' business with such firms, a draft law shows. Tax havens were thrown into the limelight in April when a huge leak of documents from the Panama-based law firm Mossack Fonseca showed how offshore firms are used to stash the wealth of the rich and powerful. Germany made closer international cooperation on tax evasion a priority during its presidency of the G7 economic powers in 2014/15 and in April Schaeuble announced a 10-point plan to combat tax havens. The German draft law seen by Reuters says that Germans will in future need to report to tax authorities any indirect or direct stake of at least 10 percent that they have in firms abroad. Citizens will also need to report relations with firms outside the European Union or the European Free Trade Association (EFTA) if they control them. That would prevent offshore firms from being secretly founded. 
Those who do not disclose their foreign firms to the tax authorities might find that the start of the statute of limitations is blocked for 10 years, the draft law says. 
Under the draft law, taxes that are evaded could, in some cases, still be collected even 20 years later and violating an obligation to be transparent could lead to a fine of 25,000 euros ($27,675.00). 
Banks would need to report relationships with foreign firms that they organize for clients if their share in an offshore firm reaches 30 percent. Otherwise the bank could face a fine of 50,000 euros. The bank would then also responsible for the lost tax income. 
The German banking industry committee said the draft law overshot the mark and effectively put all firms outside of the EU and EFTA under general suspicion. "The bureaucratic burden bears no relation to the benefit achieved," it said in a statement. 
Schaeuble wants to get rid of a paragraph in the fiscal code that is key to banking secrecy because it prevents auditors who accidentally stumble upon a list of possible offshore firms owned by bank customers from passing this information to tax authorities. 
But the draft law would not affect banking secrecy granted by civil law, which prevents banks from giving information to third parties such as other companies. 
The draft law says tax offices would in future be able to direct collective requests for information to banks, effectively meaning bank customers with offshore accounts can no longer hide behind their banks. 
The draft law would also put tax evasion in the list of very serious tax crimes so a longer statute of limitations of 10 years would apply. 
It needs to be approved by the Bundestag lower house of parliament and the Bundesrat upper house. The latter is likely to give the green light because Germany's federal states, which are represented in that house, have already come up with some of their own proposals for how to deal with offshore firms. Article by Doc Burkhart , Vice-President, General Manager and co-host of TRUNEWS with Rick Wiles Got a news tip? Email us at Help support the ministry of TRUNEWS with your one-time or monthly gift of financial support. DONATE NOW ! DOWNLOAD THE TRUNEWS MOBILE APP! CLICK HERE! Donate Today! Support TRUNEWS to help build a global news network that provides a credible source for world news 
We believe Christians need and deserve their own global news network to keep the worldwide Church informed, and to offer Christians a positive alternative to the anti-Christian bigotry of the mainstream news media Top Stories

ARTICLE

Putin Dedicates Christian Statue to Prince Vladimir November 03, 2016 Putin Dedicates Christian Statue to Prince Vladimir 
Russian President Vladimir Putin recently took part in events dedicated to The Day of National Unity by dedicating an 85-foot statue to Orthodox saint Prince Vladimir. 
After laying flowers at another monument, the President, together with Russian Orthodox Church Patriarch Kirill , dedicated the impressive statue to Prince Vladimir, which was carried out under the direction of artist Salavat Shcherbakov. 
"The monument was erected on the initiative of the Russian military-historical society and the government of Moscow", media outlets reported. 
Prince Vladimir is credited with bringing Christianity to Russia in 988 AD. 
In the evening during the reception in honor of The Day of National Unity, Putin presented state awards - the Order of Friendship and the Medal of Pushkin. The President's Award was dedicated to Putin for his contribution to strengthening the unity of the Russian nation. 
Putin continues to build bridges between traditional Russian Orthodox Christianity and Russian government, in a significant turn from Soviet-era style crackdowns on any appearance of faith in the public arena. 
READ MORE: RUSSIAN CHURCH LEADERS, LAWMAKERS, SEEKING A WAY TO BAN ABORTION 
The monument to Prince Vladimir began movement from Moscow in mid-October. The opening of the monument was supposed to coincide with the millennium of the death of Prince Vladimir on Nov. 4, 2015. Initially, the 24-meter sculpture was supposed to appear on the Sparrow Hills, but following discussions smaller monument decided to place on Borovitskaya area. Article by Doc Burkhart , Vice-President, General Manager and co-host of TRUNEWS with Rick Wiles Got a news tip? Email us at Help support the ministry of TRUNEWS with your one-time or monthly gift of financial support. DONATE NOW ! DOWNLOAD THE TRUNEWS MOBILE APP! CLICK HERE! Donate Today! Support TRUNEWS to help build a global news network that provides a credible source for world news 
We believe Christians need and deserve their own global news network to keep the worldwide Church informed, and to offer Christians a positive alternative to the anti-Christian bigotry of the mainstream news media Top Stories

ARTICLE

TRUNEWS 11/03/16 John Guandolo, Hugh Galyean | Clinton-Epstein Molech-Minerva Connection November 03, 2016 Will the Deep State civil war fully expose the satanic roots of the ruling elite? Today on TRUNEWS, Rick Wiles speaks with former FBI agent John Guandolo about the possibility that Clinton's private emails servers were the dropbox for a pay-to-play national secrets laundering scheme. Edward details how this scheme ties into convicted sex offender Jeffery Epstein and his Island's Molech worshipping Masonic temple, adorned with a golden owl statue of Minerva. Rick ends this powerful program by interviewing another former FBI agent, Hugh Galyean, regarding why he believes Hillary is the most evil person he has met. 
Today's Audio Streamcast. Click the audio bar to listen: <span itemprop="name" content="TRUNEWS 11/03/16 John Guandolo, Hugh Galyean | Clinton-Epstein Molech-Minerva Connection"></span> <span itemprop="description" content="Will the Deep State civil war fully expose the satanic roots of the ruling elite? Today on TRUNEWS, Rick Wiles speaks with former FBI agent John Guandolo about the possibility that Clinton's private emails servers were the dropbox for a pay-to-play national secrets laundering scheme. Edward details how this scheme ties into convicted sex offender Jeffery Epstein and his Island's Molech worshipping Masonic temple, adorned with a golden owl statue of Minerva. Rick ends this powerful program by..."></span> <span itemprop="duration" content="6104"></span> <span itemprop="thumbnail" content="http://static.panda-os.com/p/1305/sp/130500/thumbnail/entry_id/0_n5knwn3e/version/1 /acv/62"></span> <span itemprop="width" content="350"></span> <span itemprop="height" content="25"></span> <a href="http://corp.kaltura.com/products/video-platform-features">Video Platform</a> <a href="http://corp.kaltura.com/Products/Features/Video-Management">Video Management</a> <a href="http://corp.kaltura.com/Video-Solutions">Video Solutions</a> <a href="http://corp.kaltura.com/Products/Features/Video-Player">Video Player</a> 
Right-click to download today's show to your local device in mp3 format: Streamcast MP3 
Email: | Twitter: @EdwardSzall | Facebook: Ed Szall DOWNLOAD THE TRUNEWS MOBILE APP on Apple and Google Play ! Donate Today! Support TRUNEWS to help build a global news network that provides a credible source for world news 
We believe Christians need and deserve their own global news network to keep the worldwide Church informed, and to offer Christians a positive alternative to the anti-Christian bigotry of the mainstream news media How To Listen To TRUNEWS 
Here on our show pages, there are two ways to listen to TRUNEWS. The first is to use the embedded player on the page. It is the black bar that you see above. Just click the arrow on the player for today's broadcast. If you prefer to save the program to listen to it later on your PC or mobile device, just click the 'DOWNLOAD MP3' link above to archive that particular streamcast. Streamcast Archives

ARTICLE

NC Transgender Bathrooms: 'We don't care” November 04, 2016 A sign protesting a recent North Carolina law restricting transgender bathroom access adorns the bathroom stalls at the 21C Museum Hotel in Durham, North Carolina May 3, 2016. 
The battle over Transgender bathrooms in NC is proving to be a heated debate that may be greatly influenced by Tuesday's gubernatorial election. Law signed by Republican Governor Pat McCrory in March, has been blamed for hundreds of millions of dollars in economic losses and the relocation of major sporting events from the ninth largest U.S. state. It prohibits transgender individuals from using the bathroom that fits the gender they identify with. Opponents of the law say the vote on Tuesday also could have national implications. If McCrory loses to Democratic challenger Roy Cooper, they said, elected officials backing such measures in other states will face greater political risk. Elections experts consider the race between McCrory and Cooper, one of 12 U.S. gubernatorial seats being decided on Tuesday, to be among the country's most competitive. LGBTQ advocacy groups say they are hopeful that a stronger message against the law will be sent on Election Day. Those that support the ban say they admire the incumbent Governor for his courage to stand up for your believes.

ARTICLE

IS Mosul Stronghold : Hundreds Slaughtered November 04, 2016 An Iraqi soldier stands next to a detained man accused of being an Islamic State fighter at a check point in Qayyara, south of Mosul, 
Islamic State militants have killed hundreds of people, Recruitment drive for child soldier. Among the hundreds dead, 50 deserters and 180 former Iraqi government employees, around their stronghold of Mosul. Transported 1,600 people from the town of Hammam al-Alil to Tal Afar, possibly for use as human shields against air strikes. They also took 150 families from Hammam al-Alil to Mosul on Wednesday, saying that they must hand over their children, especially boys above the age of nine, in an apparent recruitment drive for child soldiers. The U.N. also had reports of air strikes causing civilian deaths.

ARTICLE

US intelligence warns public of pre-election day terror November 04, 2016 The rising sun lights One World Trade as it stands over the Manhattan borough of New York, U.S., November 2, 2016. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson 
U.S. intelligence officials have warned authorities in New York, Texas, and Virginia about possible attacks by al Qaeda on the day prior to election day. No specific locations were mentioned, but polling station are suspected as targets. U.S. intelligence officials alerted joint terrorism task forces about the possible threat. Senior FBI official: 'The FBI, working with our federal, state and local counterparts, shares and assesses intelligence on a daily basis and will continue to work closely with law enforcement and intelligence community partners to identify and disrupt any potential threat to public safety.” Local authorities in Ohio, Pennsylvania, Arizona, Wisconsin and Florida said they are not boosting election-related law enforcement personnel or resources above 2012 levels. 
(ARLINGTON, VIRGINIA) U.S. intelligence officials have warned local authorities in New York, Texas and Virginia about possible attacks by al Qaeda on Monday, a day before the U.S. presidential election, CBS News reported on Friday, citing unnamed sources. 
No specific locations were mentioned, but U.S. intelligence officials alerted joint terrorism task forces about the possible threat, CBS reported. 
'The FBI, working with our federal, state and local counterparts, shares and assesses intelligence on a daily basis and will continue to work closely with law enforcement and intelligence community partners to identify and disrupt any potential threat to public safety,” a senior FBI official told CBS. 
TRUNEWS could not immediately verify the report, and officials at the U.S. Department of Homeland Security did not immediately respond to a request for comment.

ARTICLE

ISIS loses grip on Mosul: Special Forces surround jihadists November 04, 2016 Iraqi security forces launch a rocket towards Islamic State militants during clashes at the frontline in Ali Rash village, southeast of Mosul, Iraq, November 3, 2016. REUTERS/Alaa Al-Marjani 
Iraqi special forces have recaptured six districts of eastern Mosul, a day after ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi told jihadists they must fight to the death. Counter Terrorism Service troops have ISIS almost surrounded in Mosul, Iraq. CTS special forces took over the neighborhoods of Malayeen, Samah, Khadra, Karkukli, Quds and Karama. CTS officer: Units may try to push all the way to the Tigris river. Senior officer: Iraqi troops had also taken two thirds of another Mosul district, Intisar. Lieutenant-General Qassem Jassim Nazzal: Islamic State fighters "are trying to get away.” Iraqi Official: "They're criminals, let the dogs eat them.” Iraqi regular troops and special forces, Shi'ite militias, Kurdish peshmerga fighters, backed by US Special Forces/Delta Force launched their assault on Mosul, three weeks ago. Mosul is still home to nearly 1.5 million people. Mosul resident: ISIS fighters were deploying artillery and rocket launchers in and near residential areas. Some are hidden in trees near the Wahda district in the south. Others are deployed on the rooftops of houses taken over by the militants in the Ghizlani district. Mosul resident: "We saw Daesh (Islamic State) fighters installing a heavy anti-aircraft machine gun alongside a rocket launchpad, and mortars as well.” Hashid spokesman: Progress made on closing western flank, but not complete, ISIS fighters were seen leaving Mosul in cars on Thursday. 
(ALI RASH/ERBIL, IRAQ) Iraqi special forces recaptured six districts of eastern Mosul on Friday, a military statement said, expanding the army's foothold in the Islamic State stronghold a day after its leader told his jihadist followers there could be no retreat. 
An officer in the elite Counter Terrorism Service said CTS troops launched a major operation against the militants, who are now almost surrounded in their last major urban redoubt in Iraq. 
CTS special forces took over the neighborhoods of Malayeen, Samah, Khadra, Karkukli, Quds and Karama, the statement said, inflicting heavy losses on the militant fighters and raising the Iraqi flag over buildings. 
One special forces officer told Reuters the CTS units may try to push all the way to the Tigris river, which runs through the center of Mosul. 
Iraqi television footage from the east of the city showed grey smoke rising, and a Reuters reporter in the village of Ali Rash, 7 km (4 miles) to the south east, heard helicopter gunships and cannon fire. Volleys of automatic rifle fire, possibly from the militants, were also audible. 
A senior officer in the village said Iraqi troops had also taken two thirds of another Mosul district, Intisar, in the same eastern section of the city. 
Islamic State fighters "are trying to get away", Lieutenant-General Qassem Jassim Nazzal told Reuters.

ARTICLE

Troubled Credit Suisse Bank Posts Surprise Profit November 04, 2016 Troubled Credit Suisse Bank Posts Surprise Profit 
Credit Suisse reported an unexpected net profit for a second quarter in a row on Thursday though the surprise was largely down to real estate sales and Chief Executive Tidjane Thiam cautioned the outlook remained challenging. Just last week, TRUNEWS reported that Deutsche Bank chief John Cryan shocked the financial sector by posting a quarterly profit after expectations sent economists running for the hills. For the three months to the end of September, the Swiss bank had net profit of 41 million Swiss francs ($42.2 million), well above the average estimate for a 120 million franc loss in a Reuters poll of five analysts. The bank said it had made gains of 346 million francs from the sale of real estate and cut costs during the quarter while setting aside another 357 million francs for legal bills in cases mainly relating to mortgage-backed securities. Thiam's plan for more stable earnings by expanding wealth management and placing less reliance on investment banking had a rocky start in the face of tough markets but it has received support from major investors. 
"Looking ahead, we expect market activity to continue to be influenced by geopolitical and macro-economic uncertainty over the next several quarters and the outlook to remain challenging," Thiam said in a statement. 
Credit Suisse shares dropped 4 percent when the market opened following the results and are down 40 percent in 2016, lagging the European banking sector index, which has fallen 20 percent. 
READ MORE: SWISS BANKS BET BIG ON NEGATIVE RATES 
Analysts said, while there had been healthy inflows into the wealth management side of the business, net margins have been declining since the start of the year. 
"Structurally, we remain cautious on the Wealth Management outlook driven by concerns over cost and fee pressures, as well as continued global regularization," Deutsche Bank analysts said in a note. 
AHEAD ON COST CUTS 
Thiam joined Zurich-based Credit Suisse in July 2015 and outlined his blueprint in October that year. He warned in September that transaction levels were lower when asked about client activity in the third quarter, though he later said it was still a "good quarter" for the bank. 
In March, Credit Suisse took a bigger ax to its investment bank with a further 800 million francs in cost cuts and 2,000 more job cuts. 
Credit Suisse said it expects to approach its cost base target in Global Markets of $5.4 billion by the end of 2016, two years ahead of schedule, and that it will give further updates on cost plans at an investor day on Dec. 7. 
The bank has cut headcount by 5,400 so far this year out of the 6,000 it is aiming for. 
Despite those reductions, headcount across the bank rose quarter-on-quarter to 47,690 from 47,180 but was down 0.8 percent year-on-year. 
For example, 60 employees were added in its Global Markets division and 110 in its investmentbanking and capital markets division during the quarter. 
"The third quarter normally sees a pick up in hiring with the graduate and intern intake," CFO David Mathers said. "It's a seasonal pattern. We're committed to reducing overall headcount, which also includes reducing contractors." 
Its investment banking divisions, including trading and advisory and underwriting activity, reported net revenues of 2.4 billion Swiss francs, down 6.5 percent from a year earlier. 
Fixed income trading across Global Markets and its APAC (Asia-Pacific) divisions rose 3.7 percent to 902 million francs, failing to benefit as much from a surge in bond trading that saw U.S. banks boost their income by more than half in the quarter. 
Equity sales and trading revenue fell 38 percent to 690 million francs from a year ago, mirroring a broad decline across the industry hit by uncertain and volatile markets that have left investors more averse to risk. 
In underwriting and advisory, the Swiss lender reported a 29 percent jump in revenue to 875 million francs as announced it was advising on a number of multi-billion M&A transactions. Article by Doc Burkhart , Vice-President, General Manager and co-host of TRUNEWS with Rick Wiles Got a news tip? Email us at Help support the ministry of TRUNEWS with your one-time or monthly gift of financial support. DONATE NOW ! DOWNLOAD THE TRUNEWS MOBILE APP! CLICK HERE! Donate Today! Support TRUNEWS to help build a global news network that provides a credible source for world news 
We believe Christians need and deserve their own global news network to keep the worldwide Church informed, and to offer Christians a positive alternative to the anti-Christian bigotry of the mainstream news media Top Stories

ARTICLE

Saudi's threaten OPEC oil freeze over Iran row November 04, 2016 A gas flame is seen in the desert near the Khurais oilfield, Saudi Arabia June 23, 2008. REUTERS/Ali Jarekji/File Photo 
Saudi Arabia has threatened to cancel the scheduled OPEC oil freeze by raising output over row with Iran. OPEC sources: Saudi Arabia threatened to raise oil output steeply to bring prices down if Iran refuses to limit its supply. According to four OPEC sources: Clash occurred at last weeks experts meeting designed to work out details before official Nov. 30 gathering. OPEC source: "The Saudis have threatened to raise their production to 11 million barrels per day and even 12 million bpd, bringing oil prices down, and to withdraw from the meeting.” OPEC Source: The Saudi threat followed objections by Iran, which said it was unwilling to freeze its output. OPEC Source: Saudi threat to raise output came as a surprise even to Riyadh's Gulf OPEC allies. Non-Iranian OPEC Source: "We felt as if they (the Saudis) wanted the meeting to fail.” Saudi Arabia has increased output since 2014 to record highs of around 10.5 million-10.7 million barrels per day. In September: OPEC agreed at a meeting in Algeria on modest preliminary oil output cuts in the first such deal since 2008. Iran has reported its output at 3.85 million bpd in Sep., and said they will only cap output at 12.7 percent of OPEC's total ceiling - or 4.2 million bpd. Ali Kardor, managing director of NIOC: "Working in oil industry is like operating at war fronts and we have to preserve our trenches by raising our production capacity as much as we can.” Kardor: 'The next OPEC meeting is near and we will never cease to recapture our quota in the organization.” OPEC Secretary-General Mohammed Barkindo: I am ”optimistic" a final agreement will be reached. OPEC delegate: "People can look at it from different angles. The fact that discussions are still going on is a positive one. They are going to work on it, close to the ministers' meeting.” 
(DUBAI/LONDON) Old disputes between Saudi Arabia and rival Iran resurfaced at a meeting of OPEC experts last week, with Riyadh threatening to raise oil output steeply to bring prices down if Tehran refuses to limit its supply, OPEC sources say. 
Clashes between the two OPEC heavyweights, which are fighting proxy wars in Syria and Yemen, have become frequent in recent years. 
Tensions subsided, however, in recent months after Saudi Arabia agreed to support a global oil supply limiting pact, thus raising the prospect that OPEC would take steps to boost oil prices. 
But a meeting of OPEC experts last week, designed to work out details of cuts for the next OPEC ministerial gathering on Nov. 30, saw Saudis and Iranian clashing again, according to four OPEC sources who were present at the meeting and spoke to Reuters on condition of anonymity. 
"The Saudis have threatened to raise their production to 11 million barrels per day and even 12 million bpd, bringing oil prices down, and to withdraw from the meeting," one OPEC source who attended the meeting told Reuters. 
OPEC headquarters declined to comment on discussions during the closed-door meetings last week. Saudi and Iranian OPEC delegates also declined official comments.

ARTICLE

North Korea Ready for New Missile Launch Within Days November 04, 2016 North Korea Ready for New Missile Launch Within Days 
North Korea is preparing to launch an intermediate-range ballistic missile in the next three days, Fox Business Network reported, citing two unidentified U.S. officials. The communist nation planned the launch for between 24 and 72 hours, the cable network reported. It would be the latest in a series of launches by the isolated country this year in violation of U.N. Security Council resolutions, supported by China, that ban all ballistic missile-related activities by the North. North Korea, which is under U.N. and other international sanctions for its nuclear and missile programs, has conducted repeated missile tests this year, the most recent on Oct. 20. That latest test, believed to be an intermediate-range Musudan, failed immediately after launch, the U.S. and South Korean militaries said. It came in spite of the threat of further U.N. sanctions under discussion. The failed launch was the eighth attempt in seven months by North Korea to launch a weapon with a design range of 3,000 km (1,800 miles) that can be fired from road mobile launchers, the U.S. and South Korean militaries said. 
News of that launch came during the third and final debate for the Nov. 8 U.S. presidential election. 
A study published last month by a U.S.-based North Korea research project said North Korean missile and nuclear tests and other major "provocations" had clustered increasingly closer to U.S. elections. 
READ MORE: COALITION NATIONS SEEK TO PUT NORTH KOREA IN A VISE 
Washington's Center for Strategic and International Studies said the trend also suggested the possibility of an act during the December transition period for the next U.S. administration. 
North Korea conducted its first nuclear test in 2006 and has since defied U.N. sanctions to press ahead with the development of the weapons and missiles to carry them, which it says it needs for defense. 
It carried out its fourth nuclear test in January and fifth and largest on Sept. 9. Article by Doc Burkhart , Vice-President, General Manager and co-host of TRUNEWS with Rick Wiles Got a news tip? Email us at Help support the ministry of TRUNEWS with your one-time or monthly gift of financial support. DONATE NOW ! DOWNLOAD THE TRUNEWS MOBILE APP! CLICK HERE! Donate Today! Support TRUNEWS to help build a global news network that provides a credible source for world news 
We believe Christians need and deserve their own global news network to keep the worldwide Church informed, and to offer Christians a positive alternative to the anti-Christian bigotry of the mainstream news media Top Stories

ARTICLE

TRUNEWS 11/04/16 Spirit Cooking: Will America Repent Before The Russians Fry US November 04, 2016 Will America repent BEFORE the Russians fry our nation with nukes? Today on TRUNEWS, Rick Wiles discusses the shocking vindication of his 18 years of warnings from God's pulpit, that our reality has been hijacked by a Luciferian blood drinking elite. Rick will detail the latest revelations from the FBI investigation into Hillary Diane Rodham Clinton, involving trusted aide Huma Abedin turning State's evidence, and WikiLeaks releasing proof the Left engages in satanic 'Spirit Cooking' rituals. 
Today's Audio Streamcast. Click the audio bar to listen: <span itemprop="name" content="TRUNEWS 11/04/16 Spirit Cooking: Will America Repent Before The Russians Fry US"></span> <span itemprop="description" content="Will America repent BEFORE the Russians fry our nation with nukes? Today on TRUNEWS, Rick Wiles discusses the shocking vindication of his 18 years of warnings from God's pulpit, that our reality has been hijacked by a Luciferian blood drinking elite. Rick will detail the latest revelations from the FBI investigation into Hillary Diane Rodham Clinton, involving trusted aide Huma Abedin turning State's evidence, and WikiLeaks releasing proof the Left engages in satanic 'Spirit Cooking' rituals."></span> <span itemprop="duration" content="4200"></span> <span itemprop="thumbnail" content="http://static.panda-os.com/p/1305/sp/130500/thumbnail/entry_id/0_kgq98alm/version/1 /acv/62"></span> <span itemprop="width" content="350"></span> <span itemprop="height" content="25"></span> <a href="http://corp.kaltura.com/products/video-platform-features">Video Platform</a> <a href="http://corp.kaltura.com/Products/Features/Video-Management">Video Management</a> <a href="http://corp.kaltura.com/Video-Solutions">Video Solutions</a> <a href="http://corp.kaltura.com/Products/Features/Video-Player">Video Player</a> 
Right-click to download today's show to your local device in mp3 format: Streamcast MP3 
Email: | Twitter: @EdwardSzall | Facebook: Ed Szall DOWNLOAD THE TRUNEWS MOBILE APP on Apple and Google Play ! Donate Today! Support TRUNEWS to help build a global news network that provides a credible source for world news 
We believe Christians need and deserve their own global news network to keep the worldwide Church informed, and to offer Christians a positive alternative to the anti-Christian bigotry of the mainstream news media How To Listen To TRUNEWS 
Here on our show pages, there are two ways to listen to TRUNEWS. The first is to use the embedded player on the page. It is the black bar that you see above. Just click the arrow on the player for today's broadcast. If you prefer to save the program to listen to it later on your PC or mobile device, just click the 'DOWNLOAD MP3' link above to archive that particular streamcast. Streamcast Archives

ARTICLE

The Largest Unprosecuted Charity Fraud Ever Attempted”. November 07, 2016 ormer U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton speaks during a news conference at the United Nations in New York in this March 10, 2015 file photo. 
Before WikiLeaks Podesta emails were released, Wall street investment analyst Charles Ortel called the Clinton Foundation 'the largest unprosecuted charity fraud ever attempted” 
The Wall Street investment analyst, has been looking into the Clinton Foundation since the spring of 2015. Ortel explains why he believes the Clinton Foundation is a 'crooked charity cooking the books” with over $2 billion dollars in revenue, in an exclusive video interview for The Daily Caller News Foundation. 
The Clintons, according to Ortel, have figured out how to turn their public service into a business. This charity is 'a perfect gathering place and a front” to act as if you are helping others, when in fact they bring powerful people together, concocting deals and making people rich, including the Clinton's, Ortel says. 
Ortel's charges raise the specter that the IRS and other government agencies are picking winners and losers for charities now with two sets of rules. Tea party groups, as well as Democrat Congresswoman Corrine Brown, who is facing over 300 years in prison for her $800,000 slush fund, faced the wrath of government, while the $2 billion Clinton charity that bends rules, goes without scrutiny, he says. Ortel gave a candid evaluation of the Democratic candidate, he said the Clinton's are not 'worthy to clean the brass on the White House doorknobs” let alone be the leader of the free world.  

ARTICLE

Influence Peddling Scheme Hits President Park in Korea November 07, 2016 Influence Peddling Scheme Hits President Park in Korea 
A South Korean court said on Sunday it had issued arrest warrants for two former presidential aides under investigation in an influence peddling scandal that has sent President Park Geun-hye's approval rating to a record low. Tens of thousands of South Koreans demonstrated at a rally on Saturday evening in central Seoul demanding that Park resign over the scandal involving an old friend, Choi Soon-sil, who is alleged to have used her closeness to the president to meddle in state affairs. Park's approval rating has fallen to just 5 percent, the lowest since such polling began in 1988, according to a Gallup Korea survey released on Friday. The Seoul Central District Court said in a statement that it granted a warrant to prosecutors to arrest An Chong-bum, a former senior advisor for Park, who faces charges of abuse of power and attempted extortion. An was already in custody under an emergency detention order. 
Prosecutors are looking into allegations that An and Choi forced South Korean conglomerates to donate funds to non-profit foundations. 
The court said it also issued an arrest warrant for a second former presidential aide, Jeong Ho-seong, who also had already been held in temporary custody. 
Prosecutors apprehended Jeong late on Thursday on suspicion of leaking classified information. 
An and Jeong both stepped down late last month amid the deepening crisis. Article by Doc Burkhart , Vice-President, General Manager and co-host of TRUNEWS with Rick Wiles Got a news tip? Email us at Help support the ministry of TRUNEWS with your one-time or monthly gift of financial support. DONATE NOW ! DOWNLOAD THE TRUNEWS MOBILE APP! CLICK HERE!  

ARTICLE

FBI Cops Out on Pressing Charges Against Hillary November 07, 2016 FBI Cops Out on Pressing Charges Against Hillary 
Democrat Hillary Clinton heads into the final day of a tight White House race against Republican Donald Trump on Monday with new momentum after the FBI said no criminal charges were forthcoming in an investigation of her email practices. Both Clinton and Trump will spend the day racing across a handful of battleground states that could swing Tuesday's election, which polls show is close but tilting toward Clinton. FBI Director James Comey again sent shockwaves through the race by telling Congress on Sunday that investigators had worked around the clock to complete a review of newly discovered emails and found no reason to change their July finding that Clinton was not guilty of criminal wrongdoing in her use of a private email server while secretary of state. It was uncertain whether the announcement came in time to change voters' minds or undo any damage from days of Republican attacks on Clinton as corrupt. Tens of millions of Americans had cast early votes in the 10 days since Comey first told Congress of the newly discovered emails. 
"Nothing's going to change between today and tomorrow to help [Clinton] win back" undecided voters," Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway said on ABC's "Good Morning America." 
Trump, who has not said whether he will respect the results of Tuesday's election, questioned the thoroughness of the FBI review and said the issue would not go away. 
Clinton did not mention the FBI finding during her last two campaign events on Sunday. 
"That's behind us now," campaign manager Robby Mook told CNN on Monday. 
On Monday, Trump will hit five battleground states - Florida, North Carolina, Pennsylvania, New Hampshire and Michigan - and close with a late-night rally in Grand Rapids, Michigan. Article by Doc Burkhart , Vice-President, General Manager and co-host of TRUNEWS with Rick Wiles Got a news tip? Email us at Help support the ministry of TRUNEWS with your one-time or monthly gift of financial support. DONATE NOW ! DOWNLOAD THE TRUNEWS MOBILE APP! CLICK HERE!  

ARTICLE

World Markets Rally with Glee After Hillary Email Dismissal November 07, 2016 World Markets Rally with Glee After Hillary Email Dismissal 
Global equity markets surged on Monday, as did the U.S. dollar, putting them on track for their biggest gains in weeks after the FBI stood by its view that no criminal charges were warranted against Hillary Clinton. The news lifted a cloud over the Democrat's presidential campaign and gave it new momentum just two days before the U.S. election It also sent the benchmark S&P 500 index up more than 1 percent. The index was on pace to snap a nine-day losing skid, its longest in more than 35 years, and to post its best daily performance in over four months. European stocks were up 1.4 percent and many of the safe-haven assets that had performed so strongly last week when polls showed Republican candidate Donald Trump closing the gap reversed course as gold and bonds fell. 
Investors had been unnerved in recent days by signs of a tightening presidential race, preferring what is seen as a known quantity in Clinton, over the politcal wild card, Trump.

ARTICLE

The Fix Is In on UK Brexit Vote in Parliament November 07, 2016 The Fix Is In on UK Brexit Vote in Parliament 
Britain's plans to leave the European Union will include a vote by parliament on legislation to translate EU law into British law, Brexit minister David Davis said on Monday. 
"European Union law will be transposed into UK law at the time we leave, providing certainty for workers, businesses and consumers," Davis said. "This will be an act of parliament which we intend to have in place before the end of the Article 50 process." Article by Doc Burkhart , Vice-President, General Manager and co-host of TRUNEWS with Rick Wiles Got a news tip? Email us at Help support the ministry of TRUNEWS with your one-time or monthly gift of financial support. DONATE NOW ! DOWNLOAD THE TRUNEWS MOBILE APP! CLICK HERE! Donate Today! Support TRUNEWS to help build a global news network that provides a credible source for world news 
We believe Christians need and deserve their own global news network to keep the worldwide Church informed, and to offer Christians a positive alternative to the anti-Christian bigotry of the mainstream news media Top Stories

ARTICLE

FBI Agents Must Come Forward to Confront Corruption November 07, 2016 FBI Agents Must Come Forward to Confront Corruption 
We are in uncharted territory. Unfettered corruption has metastasized to the highest levels of government. FBI Director James Comey, a man once widely respected throughout all levels of law enforcement, has sadly sealed his legacy as a crooked shill for the Clinton crime family. It's the theatre of the absurd. Based upon his Sunday announcement that he intends to put the kibosh, for now at least, on Hillary Clinton's criminal investigations, Mr. Comey has asked the American people to believe that the FBI thoroughly reviewed 650,000 emails from Anthony Weiner's laptop in a whopping 691,200 seconds. I suspect Comey may have come across details of his own impending 'suicide” on Weiner's hard drive. It's little wonder that trust for government is at an all-time low, and that the FBI has become a national laughing stock. 
Indeed, a preponderance of legal and political analysists agree that the level of corruption and cover-up forcing Richard Nixon to resign his presidency in disgrace in 1974, pales by comparison to the evidence behind the multiple criminal investigations surrounding Hillary Clinton – the Democratic Party's embattled presidential nominee. Both the Clinton Foundation and Clinton email scandals represent, jointly and separately, Watergate on steroids. 
While a week ago Mr. Comey sent a letter to both Republicans and Democrats in Congress advising them that, 'In connection with an unrelated case, the FBI has learned of the existence of emails that appear pertinent to the [ongoing Clinton] investigation,” an even greater bombshell shook the Clinton camp mid-week. 'Fox News reports Wednesday night that the FBI's Clinton Foundation probe has produced an 'avalanche of evidence' likely to result in indictments,” reports the Washington Times. 
'Bret Baier, based on two sources, said in a tweet that 'barring obstruction they'd likely continue 2 push to try for an indictment.'” The 'obstruction” referenced, as Baier later explained, is that presently being conducted by the Obama Department of Justice (DOJ) in general, and Attorney General Loretta Lynch in particular. As leaks indicate, the DOJ has placed a roadblock at every corner in an effort to obstruct the ongoing FBI investigations into Mrs. Clinton's illicit activities. Multiple reports further indicate that said DOJ obstruction has triggered an uprising within the Bureau. 
'Mr. Baier,” continues the Times, 'said the probe into pay-for-play charges at the Foundation by the Bureau's White Collar Crime division has been going on for more than a year and has involved multiple interviews with numerous individuals.” 
It doesn't take a beltway insider to recognize that if Hillary Clinton takes the White House on Tuesday, an unprecedented constitutional crisis looms large. An already divided nation will be thrown into chaos, and a hyper-partisan Washington D.C. will effectively settle, like concrete, into total gridlock. 
The aforementioned criminal investigations into Secretary Clinton's activities, though intertwined in a tangled web of deleted emails, pay-to-play shakedowns and obstruction of justice, are otherwise quite easy to understand. While serving as Secretary of State Mrs. Clinton had a private email server installed in the basement of her Chappaqua, NY home with the express, and very much illegal, purpose of leveraging her federal power and authority to both solicit Clinton Foundation donations, and to conduct official State business. The private server enabled her to avoid government oversight and accountability, and to racketeer under cover of darkness. 
Mrs. Clinton then obtained and used a private email address, , to conceal her illicit activity. While soliciting bribes from foreign dignitaries, Islamic terrorist nations, and foreign corporate wheeler-dealers, she likewise transmitted highly classified government information over her unsecured network. No less than five enemy nations then hacked the account with little difficulty, gaining access to classified State secrets. 
Mrs. Clinton shamelessly – treasonously – placed her own personal enrichment above national security and the lives and safety of American citizens both at home and abroad. 
Thus, in the interest of both justice and the best interests of the American people, FBI agents and other government officials with direct evidence of Hillary Clinton's crimes (and the Obama DOJ's ongoing cover-up) should immediately release that evidence to both Congress and the public at large. It's not a 'leak” when the level of systemic crime and corruption has reached critical mass, as it has within both the Obama administration and Mrs. Clinton's presidential campaign. These public servants will be whistleblowers, not rouge agents – patriots, not partisans. Their oath is to the U.S. Constitution, not to a second rate community organizer, his Marxist political party, or that party's career criminal presidential nominee. 
They'd better hurry, though. Mr. Obama likely has his Clinton pardon already drafted and saved on 'we the people's” very-much-secure government server. 
Matt Barber is founder and editor-in chief of BarbWire.com . He is author of 'Hating Jesus: The American Left's War on Christianity,” a columnist, a cultural analyst and an attorney concentrating in constitutional law. Having retired as an undefeated heavyweight professional boxer, Matt has taken his fight from the ring to the culture war. (Follow Matt on Twitter: @jmattbarber). Article by Doc Burkhart , Vice-President, General Manager and co-host of TRUNEWS with Rick Wiles Got a news tip? Email us at Help support the ministry of TRUNEWS with your one-time or monthly gift of financial support. DONATE NOW ! DOWNLOAD THE TRUNEWS MOBILE APP! CLICK HERE! Donate Today! Support TRUNEWS to help build a global news network that provides a credible source for world news 
We believe Christians need and deserve their own global news network to keep the worldwide Church informed, and to offer Christians a positive alternative to the anti-Christian bigotry of the mainstream news media Top Stories

ARTICLE

Federal Agents Will Be Watching You Vote on Election Day November 07, 2016 Federal Agents Will Be Watching You Vote on Election Day 
Personnel from the U.S. Justice Department's civil rights division will be deployed to polling sites in 28 states to monitor Tuesday's election, five more than it monitored in the 2012 election, the department said on Monday. Most of those states will receive Justice Department staff who have no statutory authority to access polling sites as a result of a 2013 Supreme Court decision that struck down parts of the Voting Rights Act, curtailing the department's ability to deploy election observers with unfettered access to the polls. More than 500 Justice Department personnel will be deployed on Tuesday, compared to more than 780 personnel the department dispatched during the 2012 general election. A JusticeDepartment spokesman declined to say how many of Tuesday's personnel will be full-access observers. Tuesday's hotly contested election, including the presidential race pitting Republican Donald Trump against Democrat Hillary Clinton, will be the first in decades in which the JusticeDepartment can only send full-access observers to states where a federal court ruling has authorized it. 
On the campaign trail, Trump has warned the election may be rigged and has called on supporters to keep an eye on voting activity for possible signs of fraud in large cities. Numerous studies have found that U.S. voter fraud is exceedingly rare. 
"As always, our personnel will perform these duties impartially, with one goal in mind: to see to it that every eligible voter can participate in our elections to the full extent that federal law provides," said Attorney General Loretta Lynch in a statement. 
Courts have granted the Justice Department permission to deploy full-access observers in five states: Alaska, California, Louisiana, New York, and Alabama. But the court order for Alabama only pertains to municipal elections and it is not on the list of states where the JusticeDepartment is deploying poll watchers this year. 
READ MORE: JUSTICE DEPARTMENT WARNS OF PRE-ELECTION DAY TERROR 
The Justice Department staff who are deployed to the other 24 states on Tuesday will be election "monitors", who must rely on local and state authorities to grant them access to polling locations. 
'In most cases, voters on the ground will see very little practical difference between monitors and observers," said Vanita Gupta, the head of the department's civil rights division, in a statement. 
Contribution by Reuters , Commentary provided by TRUNEWS Article by Doc Burkhart , Vice-President, General Manager and co-host of TRUNEWS with Rick Wiles Got a news tip? Email us at Help support the ministry of TRUNEWS with your one-time or monthly gift of financial support. DONATE NOW ! DOWNLOAD THE TRUNEWS MOBILE APP! CLICK HERE! Donate Today! Support TRUNEWS to help build a global news network that provides a credible source for world news 
We believe Christians need and deserve their own global news network to keep the worldwide Church informed, and to offer Christians a positive alternative to the anti-Christian bigotry of the mainstream news media Top Stories

ARTICLE

North Korea May Provide It's Own Election Day Bombshell November 07, 2016 North Korea May Provide It's Own Election Day Bombshell 
South Korea's military is on high alert over concerns that North Korea will launch a missile as U.S. voters head to the polls on election day, reports Yonhap News Agency. Military officials suggest that the North may attempt another launch one of its Musudan intermediate-range ballistic missile (IRBM), a potential threat to U.S. forces in Guam. The American strategic assets stationed in Guam could be used to back up U.S. and South Korean troops on the Korean peninsula were the North to attack its southern neighbor. South Korea's military noted that Pyongyang may want to present a show of force to demonstrate that it will continue its nuclear and ballistic missile programs despite pressure from the U.S. and the international community. 
'Doing a major test would be a way of trying to intimidate the incoming president,” Victor Cha, senior adviser and Korea chair at the Center for Strategic and International Studies, previously told CNN, 'North Korea chooses particular windows that they know will gain maximum attention from the world, and the US in particular.” 
North Korea has historically attempted to stir up trouble around U.S. elections, CNN explained, citing a recent CSIS study on North Korea and its provocations. 
'We are closely watching every move by the North Korean military at its Punggye-ri nuclear test site and other possible missile-launching sites. The military is fully prepared to respond to any provocative acts by the North,” an official from South Korea's Joint Chiefs of Staff (JCS) revealed to reporters. 
ROK JCS Chairman Gen. Lee Sun-jin told troops to arm themselves with a 'fight tonight” spirit. 
READ MORE: NORTH KOREA MOVING FASTER THAN EXPECTED ON MISSIBLE DEVELOPMENT 
U.S. officials have also indicated that the North may attempt another missile launch prior to or during the election. It is unclear, however, whether the North is prepared to carry out such a test. 
North Korea has conducted eight Musudan IRBM tests with only one success. The two most recent tests were failures which damaged some of the Korean People's Army's launch equipment. 
'While there has been speculation of a North Korean satellite launch or nuclear test occurring during the run-up to the US Presidential election, the evidence from commercial satellite imagery of the Sohae Satellite Launching Station and the Punggye-ri nuclear test site suggests it's possible but unlikely,” 38 North, a blog run by the U.S.-Korea Institute at SAIS, argued. 
The U.S.-based think tank did, however, note that there has been some activity around the North Portal at the Punggye-ri nuclear test site and that North Korea could conduct a nuclear test on short notice. 
Pyongyang has not made any public threats, but that does not preclude the possibility of an election day surprise from North Korea. Article by Doc Burkhart , Vice-President, General Manager and co-host of TRUNEWS with Rick Wiles Got a news tip? Email us at Help support the ministry of TRUNEWS with your one-time or monthly gift of financial support. DONATE NOW ! DOWNLOAD THE TRUNEWS MOBILE APP! CLICK HERE! Donate Today! Support TRUNEWS to help build a global news network that provides a credible source for world news 
We believe Christians need and deserve their own global news network to keep the worldwide Church informed, and to offer Christians a positive alternative to the anti-Christian bigotry of the mainstream news media Top Stories

ARTICLE

Jezebel Is Going Down! November 07, 2016 
Christian talk show host releases specific prayer less than 24 hours before polls open on Election Day, Hillary's weapons Will Not Prosper! 
Laura Densmore believes Hillary is fully energized by a Jezebel spirit. Just like the original Jezebel, who was all about kingdom building for her husband Ahab, she says Hillary is kingdom building for her husband, Satan himself. The Hebrew Nation Radio host would not be the first or only one to say this. Back in 1992 Bishop Perry Stone believes he received similar word regarding both Hillary and Bill Clinton. More recent claims have also been documented. Densmore points out that the exposure of satanic rituals and "spirit cooking" in recent headlines reveal an evil plan to control the United States. She further explains that it fulfills Revelation 17: 1-6, where the mystery Babylon woman ( filled with a Jezebel spirit) is drinking from the golden cup filled with abominations and the filthiness of her whoring, as she gets drunk on the blood of the saints. The prayer released by Densmore is very aggressive and direct in it's requests to The Lord, and she hopes that Christians all over the nation and the world pray and share it even during Election Day. 

Original copy Hebrew Nation Radio/ TRUNEWS analysis. 
- Article by , Correspondent for TRUNEWS Got a news tip? Email us at Help support the ministry of TRUNEWS with your one-time or monthly gift of financial support. DONATE NOW ! DOWNLOAD THE TRUNEWS MOBILE APP! CLICK HERE! Donate Today! Support TRUNEWS to help build a global news network that provides a credible source for world news 
We believe Christians need and deserve their own global news network to keep the worldwide Church informed, and to offer Christians a positive alternative to the anti-Christian bigotry of the mainstream news media Top Stories

ARTICLE

TRUNEWS 11/07/16 Jerome Corsi, Dr. Peter Jones | Election Day: Reprieve or Judgment? November 07, 2016 Will the exposure of America's darkest secrets make Christians hunger for Our Creator? Today, Rick Wiles addresses the REAL choice in Election 2016, where our nation will decide whether to endorse Satanism, or back a revival of The Body of Christ. Rick also speaks with Dr. Peter Jones about Hillary Clinton's personal shaman, and WND senior writer, Jerome Corsi, to share his breaking developments on the state of the 650,000 emails seized by the FBI. 
Today's Audio Streamcast. Click the audio bar to listen: <span itemprop="name" content="TRUNEWS 11/07/16 Jerome Corsi, Dr. Peter Jones | Election Day: Reprieve or Judgment?"></span> <span itemprop="description" content="Will the exposure of America's darkest secrets make Christians hunger for Our Creator? Today, Rick Wiles addresses the REAL choice in Election 2016, where our nation will decide whether to endorse Satanism, or back a revival of The Body of Christ. Rick also speaks with Dr. Peter Jones about Hillary Clinton's personal shaman, and WND senior writer, Jerome Corsi, to share his breaking developments on the state of the 650,000 emails seized by the FBI."></span> <span itemprop="duration" content="7282"></span> <span itemprop="thumbnail" content="http://static.panda-os.com/p/1305/sp/130500/thumbnail/entry_id/0_qfc5sn0k/version/1 /acv/52"></span> <span itemprop="width" content="350"></span> <span itemprop="height" content="25"></span> <a href="http://corp.kaltura.com/products/video-platform-features">Video Platform</a> <a href="http://corp.kaltura.com/Products/Features/Video-Management">Video Management</a> <a href="http://corp.kaltura.com/Video-Solutions">Video Solutions</a> <a href="http://corp.kaltura.com/Products/Features/Video-Player">Video Player</a> 
Right-click to download today's show to your local device in mp3 format: Streamcast MP3 
Email: | Twitter: @EdwardSzall | Facebook: Ed Szall DOWNLOAD THE TRUNEWS MOBILE APP on Apple and Google Play ! Donate Today! Support TRUNEWS to help build a global news network that provides a credible source for world news 
We believe Christians need and deserve their own global news network to keep the worldwide Church informed, and to offer Christians a positive alternative to the anti-Christian bigotry of the mainstream news media How To Listen To TRUNEWS 
Here on our show pages, there are two ways to listen to TRUNEWS. The first is to use the embedded player on the page. It is the black bar that you see above. Just click the arrow on the player for today's broadcast. If you prefer to save the program to listen to it later on your PC or mobile device, just click the 'DOWNLOAD MP3' link above to archive that particular streamcast. Streamcast Archives

ARTICLE

Americans Go to the Polls to Choose Destiny for Nation November 08, 2016 Americans Go to the Polls to Choose Destiny for Nation 
Democrat Hillary Clinton and Republican Donald Trump face voters on Tuesday as millions of Americans turn out on Election Day to pick the next U.S. president and end a bruising campaign that polls said favored Clinton. In a battle centered largely on the character of the candidates, Clinton, 69, a former secretary of state and first lady, and Trump, 70, a New York businessman, made their final, fervent appeals to supporters late on Monday to turn out the vote. World markets braced for the outcome of one of the most contentious U.S. presidential elections in history, with stocks up slightly on cautious expectations of a Clinton win. The dollar and bond yields slipped, while gold inched up. Oil markets were rattled as well. Clinton arrived to cast her ballot at an elementary school in her hometown of Chappaqua, New York, on Tuesday morning. Trump, who planned to vote later in Manhattan, began Election Day with a ritual call to the "Fox & Friends" morning news show. "I'm a little bit superstitious," he said. "I've won many primaries speaking to you first in the morning. Each then hoped to hold an evening victory rally about a mile apart in New York City. 
The final week of campaigning was a grinding series of get-out-the-vote rallies across battleground states where the election is likely to be decided. 
"We choose to believe in a hopeful, inclusive, big-hearted America," Clinton said in Philadelphia before a crowd of 33,000 - the largest of her campaign. 
She was joined by Democratic President Barack Obama; his wife, Michelle; and Clinton's husband, former President Bill Clinton, along with singers Jon Bon Jovi and Bruce Springsteen. 
She later made another star-studded appeal in Raleigh, North Carolina, flanked again by Bon Jovi and by Lady Gaga in a midnight rally. 
LISTEN MORE: PASTOR RICK WILES AND GUEST AARON BRICKMAN DISCUSS THE AMERICA'S ELECTION DESTINY 
At an evening rally in Manchester, New Hampshire, Trump brought much of his family and running mate Mike Pence on stage. The raucous event in the state that gave Trump his first primary win featured a fog machine and red-white-and-blue lasers. 
Later, Trump visited the traditionally Democratic state of Michigan, where he framed his candidacy as a historic choice for blue-collar voters he hopes will send him to the White House. 
'Today is our Independence Day,” Trump said in Grand Rapids. "Today the American working class is going to strike back, finally." 
News from Reuters , Editing and commentary from TRUNEWS Article by Doc Burkhart , Vice-President, General Manager and co-host of TRUNEWS with Rick Wiles  

ARTICLE

Trump and Clinton Choice Impacting Global Markets November 08, 2016 Trump and Clinton Choice Impacting Global Markets 
Stocks and the dollar were little changed on Tuesday as global investors trod carefully, readying for the outcome of one of the most contentious U.S. presidential elections in history. Trade was largely driven by cautious expectations of a win for Democrat Hillary Clinton, but some sharp swings in recent days across all asset classes meant big bets were relatively thin on the ground as Americans started voting. Wall Street's S&P 500, Dow Jones, and Nasdaq markets were expected to open a touch lower having enjoyed their best day since March on Monday, while the dollar held steady as bonds and gold made ground. "While the market is broadly pricing in a Clinton victory, we are well away from the final results," said Ipek Ozkardeskaya, senior market analyst at London Capital Group. "It is certainly too early to speculate. The least we can say is that the risk appetite is quite firm for such a high event-risk day." 
Europe's index of leading 300 shares, which posted its biggest gain in two months on Monday, was flat ahead of U.S. trading. A modest 0.15 percent gain for Britain's FTSE 100 was balanced by 0.1 percent dips in both Germany and France 
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan had ended up 0.6 percent overnight though Japan's Nikkei 225 ended flat. MSCI's global index of world shares was up 0.1 percent. Article by Doc Burkhart , Vice-President, General Manager and co-host of TRUNEWS with Rick Wiles  

ARTICLE

Oil Markets Rattled by US Election Uncertainty November 08, 2016 Oil Markets Rattled by US Election Uncertainty 
Oil prices eased on Tuesday, paring earlier gains as voting in the U.S. presidential election got underway, in line with a retreat in U.S. stock index futures and a pickup in the dollar. In a swell of investor risk appetite, U.S. stocks racked up their biggest one-day gain since March on Monday, but this boost, which lifted oil, copper and European equities earlier on Tuesday faded. The most recent polls have put Democrat Hillary Clinton ahead of Republican rival Donald Trump in Tuesday's election. Clinton is seen by investors as offering greater certainty and stability. Brent January crude oil futures were down 19 cents at $45.96 a barrel by 1308 GMT, off a session peak of $46.69, while U.S. West Texas Intermediate (WTI) crude futures fell 22 cents to $44.67, after the U.S. dollar pared losses and S&P futures turned negative. 
"Seeing oil coming off today, that's more reflective of the equity futures in the U.S. coming off the highs and European stocks coming off," CMC Markets analyst Jasper Lawler said. 
The Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries forecast demand for its oil will rise in the next three years, suggesting its 2014 decision to let prices fall to curb costlier rival supplies is delivering higher market share. [OPEC/M] 
"OPEC raising its forecasts, ordinarily a positive, but we're all obviously election-focussed ... so I don't think that's driving (oil) as much as it normally would," Lawler said. 
The group meets on Nov. 30 and has pledged to reach a deal on cutting output to try to erode a two-year-old global surplus. Article by Doc Burkhart , Vice-President, General Manager and co-host of TRUNEWS with Rick Wiles  

ARTICLE

Gun Control: 4 States Vote YES November 08, 2016 An audience member holds a hand lettered sign calling for further gun control at a campaign stop with U.S. Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton in Nashua, New Hampshire October 16, 2015 
Gun Control advocates expected to advance agenda in four states this Election Day. 
Ballot measures to control gun sale and ownership in Maine, Nevada, Washington D.C., and California are expected to pass on Tuesday. 
In Maine and Nevada, residents will vote on whether to mandate universal background checks for firearm sales, including private handgun transactions. 
Voters in Washington state, meanwhile, will consider allowing judges to bar people from possessing guns if they pose a danger to themselves or to others, such as accused domestic abusers. In California, a referendum would ban large-capacity ammunition magazines and require certain people to pass a background check to buy ammunition. 
The U.S. Constitution's Second Amendment protects the right to bear arms, and gun rights advocates fiercely contest any attempt to restrict that freedom. 
As reported by Charisma News in the Spring of 2016 investigative author and activist Mark Dice, during a "Man on the Street Monday" videos, asked passersby at a San Diego beach if gun control could've prevented the death of Jesus. The results gave a worrisome state of America today. 
Reuters copy / TRUNEWS analysis. Article by , Correspondent for TRUNEWS  

ARTICLE

Nevada: Rep. Election Workers Intimidated November 08, 2016 Myla Gibson, 3, waits as her father Ken Gibson fills out a ballot for the presidential election at the James Weldon Johnson school in East Harlem, 
Republican volunteers called 911 claiming Clinton supporters were Harassing them. 
Volunteers canvassing and dropping off literature at houses Monday for Nevada Republican senate candidate Rep. Joe Heck were followed by supporters of Hillary Clinton, who then subsequently pulled down the literature, a source within the Nevada Republican Party told The Daily Caller in an exclusive report. The staffers following them were wearing HRC buttons and HRC stickers. Beyond following them, the HRC workers began going up to houses and illegally removing Heck literature from the doors,” the Nevada GOP source said. 'When the Heck volunteers noticed this going on, they stopped to take pictures of the illegal action.” The source said that, 'Within a few minutes, more HRC campaign workers showed up. At this point, the Heck volunteers began to feel threatened and called 911 to report HRC workers illegally removing campaign literature and harassing the Heck volunteers.” 
Reports like the case in Nevada may seem minor to some, but those that have been called to pray over this election know that it only confirms the need for prayer. The kind of anger and even violence that can manifest during and after elections is something to be taken seriously. We have seen violence erupt during elections in other countries, and it certainly isn't something we want to see in the United States. The call is to pray without ceasing Church! 
Article by The Daily Caller / TRUNEWS analysis. 
Article by , Correspondent for TRUNEWS Got a news tip? Email us at Help support the ministry of TRUNEWS with your one-time or monthly gift of financial support. DONATE NOW ! DOWNLOAD THE TRUNEWS MOBILE APP! CLICK HERE! Donate Today! Support TRUNEWS to help build a global news network that provides a credible source for world news 
We believe Christians need and deserve their own global news network to keep the worldwide Church informed, and to offer Christians a positive alternative to the anti-Christian bigotry of the mainstream news media Top Stories

ARTICLE

Voters Can Fight Back Against Election Fraud November 08, 2016 Voters Can Fight Back Against Election Fraud 
Reports are already coming that there are attempts at voter fraud as Americans go to the polls on this Election Day. 
Some examples: TRUNEWS reported on how fake IDs are being used to influence election results 
As a voter, you have every right to assume that your vote is secure and counted fairly. Attempts to influence elections through voter fraud violate the rights of every informed citizen, and are a legitimate threat to the constitutional republic. 
What can you do? Fight back!! If you see voter fraud of ANY KIND, report it at your local polling station, and also to your STATE election board. 
Here is a list of phone numbers by state to report any suspected election fraud as you go to the polling booth: 
Alabama

ARTICLE

Donald or Hillary: A Decision Between Life and Death November 08, 2016 Donald or Hillary: A Decision Between Life and Death 
Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump have taken starkly different views on life and family issues. While both candidates may be "flawed" from the perspective of moral values, a breakdown of their positions shows clearly that America will go down one of two very different roads today. 
Below are some of the candidates' more notable stances and quotes on moral issues, as well as the positions each party platform takes. 
ABORTION 
Hillary Clinton: supports taxpayer-funded abortion through all nine months of pregnancy. has promised to repeal the Hyde Amendment, the law prohibiting the use of tax dollars for Medicaid abortions. said she will stand with and fund Planned Parenthood, America's largest abortion provider. defended partial-birth and late-term abortion in her final debate with Donald Trump. Here are some of her most notable abortion quotes: "The unborn person doesn't have constitutional rights." "Rights have to exist in practice, not just on paper. Laws have to be backed up with resources, and political will. Deep-seated cultural codes, religious beliefs, and structural biases have to be changed." "I believe that forcing a woman to carry a child who she knows will die is an assault..." "[Family] planning is an important part of women's health, and reproductive health includes access to abortion." "We've gotta continue to stand up for a woman's right to make these decisions--and to defend Planned Parenthood." "I support Roe v. Wade." "Roe v. Wade very clearly sets out that there can be regulations on abortion so long as the life and health of the mother are taken into account and when I voted as a senator [against banning partial-birth abortion], I did not think that that was [the] case." "The kinds of [abortion] cases that fall at the end of pregnancy are often the most heartbreaking, painful decisions for families to make. I have met with women who toward the end of their pregnancy get the worst news one could get: that their health is in jeopardy if they continue to carry to term, or that something terrible has happened or just been discovered about the pregnancy. I do not think the United States government should be stepping in and making those most personal of decisions for women. So, you can regulate if you are doing so with the life and health of the mother taken into account...this is one of the worst possible choices any woman and her family has to make." "I've been to countries where governments either forced women to have abortions like they used to do in China or force women to bear children like they used to do in Romania. And I can tell you the government has no business in the decisions that women make with their families in accordance with their faith, with medical advice, and I will stand up for that right." "Now, extreme views about women, we expect that from some of the terrorist groups, we expect that from people who don't want to live in the modern world, but it's a little hard to take from Republicans who want to be the president of the United States." "I've been proud to stand with Planned Parenthood for a long time, and, as president, I will always have your back." "I'm grateful to the entire Planned Parenthood family. You made this campaign your own...It belongs to the staff, the donors, and to the [abortion] providers...It is worth saying again: defending women's health means defending access to abortion – not just in theory, but in reality...We need to stand up for access to affordable contraception without interference from politicians or employers. And let's invest in long-acting contraceptives, so every woman can choose the method that is best for her.” 
Donald Trump: promised to sign the Pain Capable Unborn Child Protection Act, which would end painful, gruesome late-term abortions. pledged to defund Planned Parenthood. says he will appoint pro-life Supreme Court justices. Here are some of Trump's more notable quotes on abortion: 'If you go with what Hillary is saying, in the ninth month, you can take the baby and rip the baby out of the womb of the mother just prior to the birth of the baby. Now, you can say that that's okay, and Hillary can say that that's okay, but it's not okay with me because based on what she's saying and based on where she's going and where she's been, you can take the baby and rip the baby out of the womb in the ninth month on the final day, and that's not acceptable...Honestly, nobody has business doing what I just said, doing that as late as one or two or three or four days prior to birth, nobody has that." "I am, and will remain, pro-life." "Let me be clear — I am pro-life. I support that position with exceptions allowed for rape, incest or the life of the mother being at risk. I did not always hold this position, but I had a significant personal experience that brought the precious gift of life into perspective for me...Over time, our culture of life in this country has started sliding toward a culture of death. Perhaps the most significant piece of evidence to support this assertion is that since Roe v. Wade was decided by the Supreme Count 43 years ago, over 50 million Americans never had the chance to enjoy the opportunities offered by this country. They never had the chance to become doctors, musicians, farmers, teachers, husbands, fathers, sons or daughters. They never had the chance to enrich the culture of this nation or to bring their skills, lives, loves or passions into the fabric of this country. They are missing, and they are missed. The Supreme Court in 1973 based its decision on imagining rights and liberties in the Constitution that are nowhere to be found...Public funding of abortion providers is an insult to people of conscience at the least and an affront to good governance at best...A culture of life is too important to let slip away for convenience or political correctness. It is by preserving our culture of life that we will Make America Great Again." 
RELIGIOUS FREEEDOM 
Hillary Clinton: has said "religious beliefs" against abortion "have to be changed." supports the Obama administration's HHS contraception and abortion mandate, which forces religious institutions and churches to fund abortions. Here are some of her more notable quotes on religious freedom: "Rights have to exist in practice, not just on paper. Laws have to be backed up with resources, and political will. Deep-seated cultural codes, religious beliefs, and structural biases have to be changed." '[The Hobby Lobby case is] the first time that our court has said that a closely held corporation has the rights of a person when it comes to religious freedom, which means the corporation's … ['closely held'] employers can impose their religious beliefs on their employees, and, of course, denying women the right to contraceptives as part of a health care plan is exactly that. I find it deeply disturbing that we are going in that direction. It's very troubling that a sales clerk at Hobby Lobby who need[s] contraception, which is pretty expensive, is not going to get that service through her employer's health care plan because her employer doesn't think she should be using contraception." "Every woman, no matter where she works, deserves birth control coverage. This shouldn't be a question." 
Donald Trump: has promised to repeal the Johnson Amendment, which threatens churches with the loss of their tax statuses if they endorse political candidates. says he will fight on behalf of Christians in the Middle East who are facing genocide. Here are some of his more notable quotes on religious freedom: "I have a message for Catholics: I will be there for you. I will stand with you. I will fight for you. "As First Lady, US Senator, Secretary of State, and two-time presidential candidate, Hillary Clinton has been hostile to the core issues and policies of greatest concern to Catholics: life, religious liberty, Supreme Court nominations, affordable and quality healthcare, educational choice and home schooling. "For instance, Hillary Clinton supports forcing The Little Sisters of the Poor who have taken care of the elderly poor since 1839, to pay for contraceptives in their healthcare plan (even though they have never wanted them, never used them and never will), and having the government fine them heavily if they continue to refuse to abide by this onerous mandate. "This is a hostility to religious liberty you will never see in a Trump administration." "I will defend your religious liberties and the right to fully and freely practice your religion, as individuals, business owners and academic institutions. I will make absolutely certain religious orders like The Little Sisters of Poor are not bullied by the federal government because of their religious beliefs. I will protect and work to expand educational choice, the rights of homeschooling families, and end Common Core. I will repeal and replace Obamacare so you can have better and more affordable healthcare. I will keep our country and communities safe while respecting the dignity of each human being. I will help Catholic families and workers, and all families and workers, by bringing jobs back to our country where they belong. And I will appoint Justices to the Supreme Court who will strictly interpret the Constitution and not legislate from the bench, like Justice Clarence Thomas and the late and beloved great Catholic thinker and jurist, Justice Antonin Scalia." 

SAME-SEX MARRIAGE AND THE LGBT MOVEMENT 
Hillary Clinton: touts herself as a champion of the "LGBT community." wants to criminalize therapy helping minors resolve unwanted same-sex attraction. will "protect transgender rights." says she will "fight for full federal equality for LGBT Americans" by making gender identity and sexual orientation federally protected classes. Here are a few of her many pro-LGBT statements: "Gay rights are human rights, and human rights are gay rights." "Thanks to the bravery of LGBT Americans like Jim Obergefell and Edie Windsor, and the determination and tireless organizing of the LGBT community and their allies, marriage equality became the law of the land in all 50 states...we've also seen how much work is still unfinished....Discriminatory laws in states like North Carolina highlight the need for full federal equality under the law for LGBT Americans." "Along with millions of Americans, I am celebrating today's landmark victory for marriage equality, and the generations of advocates and activists who fought to make it possible. From Stonewall to the Supreme Court, the courage and determination of the LGBT community has changed hearts and changed laws. "This ruling is an affirmation of the commitment of couples across the country who love one another. It reflects the will of the vast and growing multitude of Americans who believe that LGBT couples deserve to be recognized under the law and treated equally in the eyes of society. And it represents our country at its best: inclusive, open, and striving towards true equality. "But we know that the struggle for LGBT rights doesn't end with today's triumph. As love and joy flood our streets today, it is hard to imagine how anyone could deny the full protection of our laws to any of our fellow Americans—but there are those who would. So while we celebrate the progress won today, we must stand firm in our conviction to keep moving forward. For too many LGBT Americans who are subjected to discriminatory laws, true equality is still just out of reach. While we celebrate today, our work won't be finished until every American can not only marry, but live, work, pray, learn and raise a family free from discrimination and prejudice. We cannot settle for anything less." "I want a Supreme Court that will stick with marriage equality." 
Donald Trump: says marriage is ultimately an issue that should be decided by the states. says he supports natural marriage. says that he will "fight" for the LGBT community, especially as he fights ISIS and radical Islam. Here are some of Trump's more notable quotes on same-sex "marriage" and the "LGBT community": 'Thank you to the LGBT community! I will fight for you while Hillary brings in more people that will threaten your freedoms and beliefs.” "As your president, I will do everything in my power to protect our LGBTQ citizens from the violence and oppression of a hateful foreign ideology." "We're going to look at judges. They've got to be great judges. They've got to be conservative judges. We're going to see how they stand depending on what their views are. But that would be my preference [that they oppose same-sex 'marriage]. I would prefer that they stand against, but we'll see what happens. It depends on the judge." 'I would strongly consider that, yes," in response to a question about whether he would appoint justices to overrule the Supreme Court's same-sex "marriage" decision. '[Marriage] should be a states rights issue. I can see changes coming down the line, frankly.” 

THE CANDIDATE'S CAMPAIGN WEBSITES 
From the official Hillary Clinton campaign site: "Hillary will work with Congress to pass the Equality Act, continue President Obama's LGBT equality executive actions, and support efforts underway in the courts to protect people from discrimination on the basis of gender identity and sexual orientation in every aspect of public life...Hillary will end so-called 'conversion therapy' for minors, combat youth homelessness by ensuring adequate funding for safe and welcoming shelters, and take on bullying and harassment in schools. She'll end discriminatory treatment of LGBT families in adoptions, and protect LGBT elders against discrimination....Hillary applauds the Pentagon's decision to allow transgender personnel to serve openly, and as Commander-in-Chief, she will upgrade service records of LGBT veterans dismissed due to their sexual orientation...Hillary will work to protect transgender individuals from violence, make it easier for transgender Americans to change their gender marker on identification documents, and invest in law enforcement training focused on fair and impartial policing, including in interactions with LGBT people." "Hillary will promote LGBT human rights and ensure America's foreign policy is inclusive of LGBT people, including increasing our investment in the Global Equality Fund to advance human rights." "In the U.S. Senate, Hillary championed legislation to address hate crimes, fought for federal non-discrimination legislation to protect LGBT Americans in the workplace, and advocated for an end to restrictions that blocked LGBT Americans from adopting children. "As secretary of state, Hillary advanced LGBT rights abroad and enforced stronger anti-discrimination regulations within the State Department, declaring on the global stage that 'gay rights are human rights, and human rights are gay rights.' She led the effort to pass the first-ever U.N. Resolution on LGBT Human Rights, launched the Global Equality Fund, ended State Department regulations that denied same-sex couples and their families equal rights, helped implement LGBT-friendly workplace policies, and updated the State Department's policy so that transgender individuals' passports reflect their true gender." 
Donald Trump's official campaign website does not mention his stances on abortion or marriage. 

THE PARTY PLATFORMS 
Republican platform: Against abortion, against Planned Parenthood, pro-religious liberty, pro-marriage, pro-homeschooling, pro-sexual risk avoidance education 'The Constitution's guarantee that no one can 'be deprived of life, liberty or property' deliberately echoes the Declaration of Independence's proclamation that 'all' are 'endowed by their Creator' with the inalienable right to life. Accordingly, we assert the sanctity of human life and afrm that the unborn child has a fundamental right to life which cannot be infringed. We support a human life amendment to the Constitution and legislation to make clear that the Fourteenth Amendment's protections apply to children before birth.” 'We oppose the use of public funds to perform or promote abortion or to fund organizations, like Planned Parenthood, so long as they provide or refer for elective abortions or sell fetal body parts rather than provide healthcare.” 'We support the appointment of judges who respect traditional family values and the sanctity of innocent human life." 'We value the right of America's religious leaders to preach, and Americans to speak freely, according to their faith. Republicans believe the federal government, specically the IRS, is constitutionally prohibited from policing or censoring speech based on religious convictions or beliefs, and therefore we urge the repeal of the Johnson Amendment.” 'We support options for learning, including home-schooling, career and technical education, private or parochial schools, magnet schools, charter schools, online learning, and early-college high schools. We especially support the innovative nancing mechanisms that make options available to all children: education savings accounts (ESAs), vouchers, and tuition tax credits.” 'We renew our call for replacing 'family planning' programs for teens with sexual risk avoidance education that sets abstinence until marriage as the responsible and respected standard of behavior.” 'We condemn the Supreme Court's ruling in United States v. Windsor, which wrongly removed the ability of Congress to dene marriage policy in federal law. We also condemn the Supreme Court's lawless ruling in Obergefell v. Hodges….In Obergefell, ve unelected lawyers robbed 320 million Americans of their legitimate constitutional authority to dene marriage as the union of one man and one woman.” 
Democrat platform: Taxpayer funded abortion through all nine months of pregnancy, pro-Planned Parenthood, pro-LGBT, pro-contraception sex ed 'Democrats are committed to protecting and advancing reproductive health, rights, and justice. We believe unequivocally that every woman should have access to quality reproductive health care services, including safe and legal abortion—regardless of where she lives, how much money she makes, or how she is insured. We believe that reproductive health is core to women's, men's, and young people's health and wellbeing…. We will continue to oppose—and seek to overturn—federal and state laws and policies that impede a woman's access to abortion, including by repealing the Hyde Amendment.” 'We will continue to stand up to Republican efforts to defund Planned Parenthood health centers, which provide critical health services to millions of people.” 'We will appoint judges who defend the constitutional principles of liberty and equality for all, protect a woman's right to safe and legal abortion, curb billionaires' inuence over elections because they understand that Citizens United has fundamentally damaged our democracy, and see the Constitution as a blueprint for progress.” 'Democrats know that our nation, our communities, and our lives are made vastly stronger and richer by faith in many forms and the countless acts of justice, mercy, and tolerance it inspires. We believe in lifting up and valuing the good work of people of faith and religious organizations and nding ways to support that work where possible." 'Democrats are also committed to providing parents with high-quality public school options and expanding these options for low-income youth. We support great neighborhood public schools and high-quality public charter schools, and we will help them disseminate best practices to other school leaders and educators. Democrats oppose for-prot charter schools focused on making a prot off of public resources.” 'We recognize that quality, affordable comprehensive health care, evidence-based sex education, and a full range of family planning services help reduce the number of unintended pregnancies." 'Democrats applaud last year's decision by the Supreme Court that recognized LGBT people—like every other American—have the right to marry the person they love. But there is still much work to be done." 
This article originallly appeared on LifeSiteNews.com , with commentary provided by TRUNEWS Article by Doc Burkhart , Vice-President, General Manager and co-host of TRUNEWS with Rick Wiles Got a news tip? Email us at Help support the ministry of TRUNEWS with your one-time or monthly gift of financial support. DONATE NOW ! DOWNLOAD THE TRUNEWS MOBILE APP! CLICK HERE! Donate Today! Support TRUNEWS to help build a global news network that provides a credible source for world news 
We believe Christians need and deserve their own global news network to keep the worldwide Church informed, and to offer Christians a positive alternative to the anti-Christian bigotry of the mainstream news media Top Stories

ARTICLE

Election: 'Today, a kingdom will be toppled.” November 08, 2016 President Obama aboard Marine One departs on the last day of campaigning from the White House. 
On Election Day Eve, Senior Editor of Charisma Magazine releases an Election Day dream, "Today, a kingdom will be toppled." 
Jennifer LeClaire describes the dream as "spiritually disturbing". She shares of the many people that have contacted her with dreams they have had as well. The claims of prophetic messages range from declaring Donald J. Trump as the next commander-in-chief to Obama not handing over the keys to the White House. The visions of chaotic turmoil disrupting in the streets of America have also been very vividly shared. LeClaire like many of us admits that she has never seen such prophetic whirlwind over an election in her lifetime. 
The night before Election Day she had a dream about the number of prophetic voices and among them she saw some with selfish agendas either for monetary gain or seeking accolades from man. During LeClarie's time of reflection after this powerful dream she assures to have heard these words clearly: 'Today, a kingdom will be toppled”. Although she is still praying over what she believes to have been divinely revealed, the urgency to share the dream was clear. 
In an interview with TRUNEWS last week LeClaire clearly shared her position as one with a focus on intense prayer. She talked about the importance for the Church to be lead by the spirit and keep their faith on Christ. 
Original article by Charisma News / TRUNEWS analysis. 
Article by , Correspondent for TRUNEWS Got a news tip? Email us at Help support the ministry of TRUNEWS with your one-time or monthly gift of financial support. DONATE NOW ! DOWNLOAD THE TRUNEWS MOBILE APP! CLICK HERE! Donate Today! Support TRUNEWS to help build a global news network that provides a credible source for world news 
We believe Christians need and deserve their own global news network to keep the worldwide Church informed, and to offer Christians a positive alternative to the anti-Christian bigotry of the mainstream news media Top Stories

ARTICLE

WikiLeaks TOP 44: Election defined Julian Assange November 08, 2016 WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange makes a speech from the balcony of the Ecuadorian Embassy, in central London, Britain February 5, 2016. REUTERS/Peter Nicholls/File Photo 
This election will clearly be remembered as the year citizen journalists rocked the status quo. Below are 44 of the most shocking revelations which have come out through WikiLeaks in 2016. 
(WASHINGTON, DC) WikiLeaks has published tens of thousands of Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta's emails. This is what The Daily Caller believes are the most important findings from them. They expose a corrupt press, Clinton Foundation play for play, cronyism, and the Clintons' real thoughts on the issues. The Clintons In Private: 
Hillary Told Goldman Sachs America Is Arming Countries That Fund Jihadists ( link ) 
Hillary In Goldman Sachs Speech: People Who Oppose Immigration Are 'Un-American' ( link ) 
Bill Clinton Mocked Working Class Voters At Private Fundraiser ( link ) 
Leaked Transcript: Bill Clinton Says 'Political System Is Rigged' And Hillary 'Deserves' The White House ( link ) 
Leaked Speech: Bill Clinton Calls 'Coal Country' Most 'Anti-Immigrant' Part Of America ( link ) 
Bill Clinton Told Donors The Border Won't Be Secure 'For A Very Long Time' ( link ) 
Leaked Bill Clinton Speech: Obama Years Left No Hope For White Working Class ( link ) 
Podesta Email: It Would Have Been 'Better' If San Bernardino Shooter Had A Stereotypical White Name ( link ) 
Podesta Email: It Would Have Been 'Better' If San Bernardino Shooter Had A Stereotypical White Name ( link ) 
Hillary Tells Bankers: 'My Dream Is Open Borders' ( link ) 
Hillary Called Saudi Arabia The Number One Exporter Of 'Extreme Ideology' In Private, Paid Speech ( link ) 
When Speaking To Donors, Bill Clinton Sounds A Lot Like Donald Trump ( link ) 
Clinton Campaign Knew TPP Switch Was 'A Huge Flip Flop' ( link ) Clinton Foundation: 
Clinton Foundation Donors Expected 'Benefits In Return For Gifts' ( link ) 
Hillary Wants Clinton Foundation To Keep Accepting Foreign Donations ( link ) 
Clinton Foundation Memo Shows Meetings With Bill Clinton Cost $100,000 ( link ) 
Clinton Campaign Found 'Huge' Gender Pay Gap At Clinton Foundation ( link ) 
Bill Clinton Receives 'Expensive Gifts,' Is Personally Paid By Clinton Foundation Sponsors ( link ) Clinton Cronyism: 
Clinton Campaign Took Money From Agents For Foreign Interests ( link ) 
Hillary Got $12 Million for Clinton Charity As Quid Pro Quo For Morocco Meeting ( link ) 
Clinton's Aide's For-Profit Firm Illegally Raised $150 Million For Clinton Charity ( link ) 
Huma Abedin Granted Access To Hillary Based On Clinton Global Initiative Donor Status ( link ) 
DOJ Official Who Is Friends With John Podesta Offered A 'Heads Up' On Clinton Email Developments ( link ) 
Podesta Suggested Coordinating With State Dept. To 'Hold' Hillary's Emails With Obama ( link ) 
Here's How The Clinton's Free Private Jet Scam Works ( link ) 
Leaked Emails Show Clinton Campaign Coordinating With Soros Organization ( link ) 
Emails Show Starbucks CEO Advising Clinton Campaign About Hillary's 'Brand' ( link ) 
REVEALED: Liberal Money's Longterm Strategy To Control Public Opinion And Secure 'Advantageous' Demographics ( link ) 
iPay-For-Play: Apple VP Pledges To Play 'Public Role' In Exchange For HRC's 'Nuanced Encryption Stance' ( link ) 
Leaked Email Reveals Google Chairman Wanted To Be Clinton Campaign's 'Head Outside Advisor' ( link ) 
Facebook COO In Leaked Email: I Still Want Hillary To Win Badly ( link ) 
Clinton Campaign Planned To Work With Media Matters, Leaks Reveal ( link ) 
Emails Reveal Clintons''Sleazy' And Intricate Relationship With Major Chemical Manufacturer ( link ) 
Clinton Campaign Chair Met With Soros To Talk TPP, Immigration Policies, Leaked Emails Show ( link ) The Cozy Press: 
Leaked Emails: CNN Journalist Refers To 'GOP Hell,' Calls Podesta A 'Star' ( link ) 
CNN Source Fed Clinton Camp Information ( link ) 
Politico Reporter Sends Story To Hillary Aide For Approval, Admits He's A 'Hack' ( link ) 
Hill's Shills: Leaks Have Exposed Journalists In Clinton's Corner ( link ) 
Politico Reporter Was 'Glad' Hundreds Of Superdelegates Backed Hillary ( link ) 
Politico Reporter Gets Caught AGAIN Sending A Story To A Clinton Staffer For Approval ( link ) 
Donna Brazile Shared CNN Town Hall Questions With Clinton Camp ( link ) 
Donna Brazile Shared Additional Debate Questions With Clinton Campaign, Identified Her Tipster ( link ) 
Debate Moderator Congratulates Podesta On Nevada Caucus Victory ( link ) 
Chuck Todd Hosted Swanky Dinner Party At His Home For Top Clinton Campaign Official ( link ) 
Clinton Campaign And Harry Reid Worked With NYT To Smear State Dept Watchdog ( link )

ARTICLE

TRUNEWS 11/08/16 Robert Jeffress, Darrell Scott | America's Decision Day 2016 November 08, 2016 Will America embrace Light as our nation deliberates commitment to a Dark future? Today on TRUNEWS, Rick Wiles discusses Election Day turmoil as the media pre-crowns Queen Hillary, and deflates the prospects of a President Trump. Rick is also joined by Pastor Darrell Scott and Pastor Robert Jeffress to expand on the spiritual significance of today's results, and pray for safety, peace, and righteousness to prevail in our land. 
Today's Audio Streamcast. Click the audio bar to listen: <span itemprop="name" content="TRUNEWS 11/08/16 Robert Jeffress, Darrell Scott | America&#x27;s Decision Day 2016"></span> <span itemprop="description" content="Will America embrace Light as our nation deliberates commitment to a Dark future? Today on TRUNEWS, Rick Wiles discusses Election Day turmoil as the media pre-crowns Queen Hillary, and deflates the prospects of a President Trump. Rick is also joined by Pastor Darrell Scott and Pastor Robert Jeffress to expand on the spiritual significance of today&#x27;s results, and pray for safety, peace, and righteousness to prevail in our land."></span> <span itemprop="duration" content="4013"></span> <span itemprop="thumbnail" content="http://static.panda-os.com/p/1305/sp/130500/thumbnail/entry_id/0_13ddwv4e/version/0/acv/42"></span> <span itemprop="width" content="350"></span> <span itemprop="height" content="25"></span> <a href="http://corp.kaltura.com/products/video-platform-features">Video Platform</a> <a href="http://corp.kaltura.com/Products/Features/Video-Management">Video Management</a> <a href="http://corp.kaltura.com/Video-Solutions">Video Solutions</a> <a href="http://corp.kaltura.com/Products/Features/Video-Player">Video Player</a> 
Right-click to download today's show to your local device in mp3 format: Streamcast MP3

ARTICLE

TRUMP DEFEATS CLINTON IN ELECTION STUNNER November 09, 2016 TRUMP DEFEATS CLINTON IN ELECTION STUNNER 
Republican Donald Trump stunned the world by defeating heavily favored rival Hillary Clinton in Tuesday's presidential election, ending eight years of Democratic rule and sending the United States on a new, uncertain path. 
A wealthy real estate developer and former reality TV host, Trump rode a wave of anger toward Washington insiders to win the White House race against Clinton, the Democratic candidate whose gold-plated establishment resume included stints as a first lady, U.S. senator and secretary of state. 
President Barack Obama, who campaigned hard against Trump, telephoned the Republican to congratulate him on his victory and invited him to the White House for a meeting on Thursday, the White House said in a statement. Obama is due to speak later on Wednesday about the election. 
"Ensuring a smooth transition of power is one of the top priorities the President identified at the beginning of the year and a meeting with the President-elect is the next step," the White House said. 
Worried that a Trump victory could cause economic and global uncertainty, investors were in full flight from risky assets. 
The U.S. dollar, Mexican peso and world stocks fell on Wednesday but fears of the kind of shock that wiped trillions of dollars off global markets after Britain's "Brexit" vote in June have failed to materialize so far. 
Trump collected enough of the 270 state-by-state electoral votes needed to win a four-year term that starts on Jan. 20, taking battleground states where presidential elections are traditionally decided, U.S. television networks projected. 
He appeared with his family before cheering supporters in a New York hotel ballroom, saying it was time to heal the divisions caused by the campaign and find common ground after a campaign that exposed deep differences among Americans. 
"It is time for us to come together as one united people," Trump said. "I will be president for all Americans." 
He said he had received a call from Clinton to congratulate him on the win and praised her for her service and for a hard-fought campaign. 
His comments were an abrupt departure from his campaign trail rhetoric in which he repeatedly slammed Clinton as "crooked" amid supporters' chants of "lock her up." 
Republicans also kept control of the U.S. Congress. Television networks projected the party would retain majorities in both the 100-seat Senate and the House of Representatives, where all 435 seats were up for grabs. 
Despite losing the state-by-state electoral battle that determines the U.S. presidency, Clinton narrowly led Trump in the nationwide popular vote, according to U.S. media tallies. It would mark the second time in 16 years that a Democratic candidate lost the presidency despite winning more votes than the victor. In 2000, Democrat Al Gore got more votes than Republican George W. Bush. 
At Clinton's election event a mile away from Trump's victory party, an electric atmosphere among supporters expecting to see her become America's first woman president dissipated. 
Clinton did not immediately make a concession speech, instead sending campaign chairman John Podesta out to tell her supporters to go home. "We're not going to have anything more to say tonight," he said. Clinton was expected to speak on Wednesday morning, an aide said. 
Prevailing in a cliffhanger race that opinion polls had clearly forecast as favoring a Clinton victory, Trump won avid support among a core base of white non-college educated workers with his promise to be the "greatest jobs president that God ever created." He did well in "Rust Belt" states such as Pennsylvania and Ohio. 
"Such a beautiful and important evening! The forgotten man and woman will never be forgotten again. We will all come together as never before," Trump wrote on Twitter early on Wednesday. 
In his victory speech, he said he had a great economic plan, would embark on a project to rebuild American infrastructure and would double U.S. economic growth. 
Trump, who at 70 will be the oldest first-term U.S. president, came out on top after a bitter and divisive campaign that focused largely on the character of the candidates and whether they could be trusted in the Oval Office. 
The presidency will be Trump's first elected office, and it remains to be seen how he will work with Congress. During the campaign Trump was the target of sharp disapproval, not just from Democrats but from many in his own party. 
STUNNED WORLD 
Foreign leaders pledged to work with Trump but some officials expressed alarm that the vote could mark the end of an era in which Washington promoted democratic values and was seen by its allies as a guarantor of peace. 
During the campaign, Trump expressed admiration for Russian President Vladimir Putin, questioned central tenets of the NATO military alliance and suggested that Japan and South Korea should develop nuclear weapons to shoulder their own defense burden. 
Trump has promised to warm relations with Russia that have chilled under Obama over Russia's intervention in the Syrian civil war and its seizure of Ukraine's Crimea region. 
Governments in Britain, China, Germany, Israel, Japan and Turkey, as well as Russia, congratulated Trump and said they would work with him. 
"It is not an easy path but we are ready to do our part and do everything to return Russian and American relations to a stable path of development," Putin said. 
Israel's Benjamin Netanyahu said he hoped to reach "new heights" in bilateral ties underTrump. Chinese President Xi Jinping said Beijing and Washington shared responsibility for promoting global development and prosperity. 
Other officials, some of them with senior roles in government, took the unusual step of denouncing the outcome, calling it a worrying signal for liberal democracy and tolerance in the world. 
"Trump is the pioneer of a new authoritarian and chauvinist international movement. He is also a warning for us," German Vice Chancellor Sigmar Gabriel said in an interview with the Funke newspaper group. 
U.S. neighbor Mexico was pitched into deep uncertainty by the victory for Trump, who has often accused it of stealing U.S. jobs and sending criminals across the border. 
Trump wants to rewrite international trade deals to reduce trade deficits and has taken positions that raise the possibility of damaging relations with America's most trusted allies in Europe, Asia and the Middle East. 
The Mexican peso plunged more than 13 percent before recovering some ground. The peso had become a touchstone for sentiment on the election as Trump threatened to rip up a free trade agreement with Mexico. 
Trump's win raises a host of questions for the United States at home and abroad. He campaigned on a pledge to take the country on a more isolationist, protectionist "America First" path. He has vowed to impose a 35 percent tariff on goods exported to the United States by U.S. companies that went abroad. 
CLINTON'S WEAKNESSES 
Trump survived a series of seemingly crippling blows on the campaign, many of them self-inflicted, including the emergence in October of a 2005 video in which he boasted about making unwanted sexual advances on women. He apologized but within days, several women emerged to say he had groped them, allegations he denied. He was judged the loser of all three presidential debates with Clinton. 
A Reuters/Ipsos national Election Day poll offered some clues to the outcome. It found Clinton badly underperformed expectations with women, winning their vote by only about 2 percentage points. 
And while she won Hispanics, black and young voters, Clinton did not win those groups by greater margins than Obama did in 2012. Younger blacks did not support Clinton like they did Obama, as she won eight of 10 black voters between the ages of 35 and 54. Obama won almost 100 percent of those voters in 2012. 
During the campaign, Trump said he would "make America great again" through the force of his personality, negotiating skill and business acumen. He proposed refusing entry to the United States of people from war-torn Middle Eastern countries, a modified version of an earlier proposed ban on Muslims. 
His volatile nature, frequent insults and unorthodox proposals led to campaign feuds with a long list of people, including Muslims, the disabled, Republican U.S. Senator John McCain, Fox News anchor Megyn Kelly, the family of a slain Muslim-American soldier, a Miss Universe winner and a federal judge of Mexican heritage. 
A largely anti-Trump crowd of about 400 to 500 people gathered outside the White House after his victory, many shocked or in tears. Some carried signs that read "stand up to racism" and "love trumps hate." About a dozen Trump supporters began shouting "U-S-A" and the competing demonstrators briefly pushed each other. 
The election was unprecedented in the way it turned Americans against each other, according to dozens of interviews in rural United States and across some of the most politically charged battleground states. 
Throughout his campaign - and especially in his acceptance speech at the Republican convention in July - Trump described a dark America that had been knocked to its knees by China, Mexico, Russia and Islamic State. The American dream was dead, he said, smothered by malevolent business interests and corrupt politicians, and he alone could revive it. 
He has vowed to win economic concessions from China and to build a wall on the southern U.S. border with Mexico to keep out undocumented immigrants. 
His triumph was a rebuke to Obama, a Democrat who spent weeks flying around the country to campaign against him, repeatedly casting doubt on his suitability for the White House. Obama will hand over the office to Trump after serving the maximum eight years allowed by law. 
Trump promises to push Congress to repeal Obama's troubled healthcare plan and to reverse his Clean Power Plan. He plans to create jobs by relying on U.S. fossil fuels such as oil and gas. 
Trump's victory marked a frustrating end to the presidential aspirations of Clinton, 69, who failed for the second time to be president. 
In a posting on Twitter during Tuesday evening, she acknowledged a battle that was unexpectedly tight given her edge in opinion polls going into Election Day. 
"This team has so much to be proud of. Whatever happens tonight, thank you for everything," she tweeted. 
The wife of former President Bill Clinton, she held a steady lead in many opinion polls for months. Voters perceived in her a cautious and calculating candidate and an inability to personally connect with them. 
Even though the FBI found no grounds for criminal charges after a probe into her use of a private email server rather than a government system while she was secretary of state, the issue allowed critics to raise doubts about her integrity. Hacked emails also showed a cozy relationship between her State Department and donors to her family's Clinton Foundation charity. 
Trump seized on the emails to charge that Clinton represented a corrupt political system in Washington that had to be swept clean. 
News contribution by Reuters , Commentary by TRUNEWS  

ARTICLE

Putin Says He Can Work With New Trump Government November 09, 2016 Putin Says He Can Work With New Trump Government 
Russian President Vladimir Putin congratulated businessman Donald Trump on his victory in the U.S. presidential election in a telegram on Wednesday, the Kremlin said. 
"Putin expressed hope for joint work to restore Russian-American relations from their state of crisis, and also to address pressing international issues and search for effective responses to challenges concerning global security," the Kremlin said in a statement. 
Putin also said he was sure a constructive dialogue between Moscow and Washington would serve the interests of both countries, the Kremlin said.  

ARTICLE

US Election Calls Out Global Warming Hoax November 09, 2016 US Election Calls Out Global Warming Hoax 
Donald Trump's election as U.S. president triggered fears that his view that global warming is a hoax might lead other nations to scale back ambitions under a landmark climate change deal, while renewable energy stocks fell on world markets. 
Trump's victory over Democrat Hillary Clinton cast a dark cloud over delegates attending a 200-nation meeting in Marrakesh being held from Nov. 7-18 to celebrate the start of the 2015 Paris Agreement to limit global warming last Friday. 
LISTEN MORE: RUSSIAN SCIENTIST SAYS THAT WE ARE EXPERIENCING AN ICE AGE RIGHT NOW 
Trump has threatened to tear up the Paris accord for cutting greenhouse gas emissions, worked out in two decades of tortuous negotiations by countries as diverse as China, Pacific islands and OPEC oil producers. 
Some delegates expressed concern that Trump, who in the past has dismissed climate change as a hoax, could cause other nations to reconsider their position on global warming. Trump has also said climate change was an invention by China and wants instead to promote jobs in the U.S. fossil fuel industry. 
"We will have a lot more hurdles," said Ian Fry, head of the delegation of Tuvalu, a Pacific island state which fears rising sea levels, adding Trump's victory could have a "domino effect on other nations". 
The Paris Agreement allows all nations to set national targets to slow climate change and some could scale those back. The Marrakesh talks are also meant to start writing a "rule book" to oversee the pact that might be less stringent without the United States. There are no sanctions for non-compliance. 
But many nations vowed to push ahead despite Trump with the sweeping plan to phase out net global greenhouse gas emissions between 2050 and 2100 by shifting from coal and oil to cleaner energies such as wind or solar power. 
"No change," Japan's delegation chief Shigeru Ushio told Reuters of Japan's policies. He noted that the agreement says it will formally take four years for any country to pull out of the agreement - the length of Trump's presidential term. 
On markets, Trump's victory drove down renewable energy stocks. Shares in Vestas <VWS.CO>, the world's biggest wind turbine maker, were down 6.2 percent in mid-morning, while German peer Nordex <NDXG.DE> traded 6.6 percent lower. 
"DARK, DARK DAY" 
Many delegates expressed hopes Trump as president would accept mainstream scientific findings. A U.N. panel of climate scientists says it is at least 95 percent likely that man-made emissions are the main cause of rising temperatures since 1950. 
Average global temperatures this year are set to be the hottest in records dating back to the 19th century, beating 2015. "Even Donald Trump cannot do anything about the laws of physics," Laurence Tubiana, France's climate ambassador, said. 
She told Reuters she was betting "all countries will stick to the Paris Agreement" as rising temperatures were damaging the global economy with more heatwaves, floods and droughts. 
Campaigners for more action on climate change were shocked. The United States is the number two greenhouse gas emitter behind China. 
"This is a dark, dark day," said Jesse Bragg, of Corporate Accountability International. "My heart is absolutely broken," said Becky Chung of SustainUS. 
Among statements about climate change, Trump asked in a January 2014 Tweet amid a cold snap: "Is our country still spending money on the GLOBAL WARMING HOAX?"  

