ARTICLE

Chaosistan , Iraq , Phenomenon of Terrorism By Eric MARGOLIS (USA) 
As a former soldier and war correspondent who has covered 14 conflicts, I look at all the media hoopla over tightening siege of Mosul, Iraq and shake my head. This western-organized 'liberation' of Mosul is one of the bigger pieces of political-military theater that I've seen. 
Islamic State(IS), the defender of Mosul, is a paper tiger, blown out of all proportion by western media. IS is, as this writer has been saying for years, an armed mob made up of 20-something malcontents, religious fanatics, and modern-day anarchists. At its top is a cadre of former Iraqi Army officers with military experience. 
These former officers of Saddam Hussain are bent on revenge for the US destruction of their nation and the lynching of its late leader. But IS rank and file has no military training, little discipline, degraded communications, and ragged logistics. 
In fact, today's Islamic State is what the Ottoman Empire used to term, 'bashi-bazouks,' a collection of irregular cut-throats and scum of the gutter sent to punish and terrorize enemies by means of torture, rapine, looting and arson. 
What has amazed me about the faux western war against ISIS is its leisurely nature, lack of élan, and hesitancy. In my view, ISIS was mostly created by the US and its allies as a weapon to be used against Syria's government – just as the Afghan mujahadin were used by the US and the Saudis to overthrow the Soviet-backed Afghan government. Israel tried the same tactics by helping create Hamas in Palestine and Hezbullah in Lebanon. Both were cultivated to split the PLO. 
ISIS is an ad hoc movement that wants to punish the West and the Saudis for the gross carnage they have inflicted on the Arab world. 
Western and Kudish auxiliary forces have been sitting 1.5 hours drive from Mosul and the IS town of Raqqa for over a year. Instead, western – mainly US – warplanes have been gingerly bombing around these targets in what may be an effort to convince breakaway ISIS to rejoin US-led forces fight the Damascus regime. 
Note that ISIS does not appear to have ever attacked Israel though it is playing an important role in the destruction of Syria. Some reports say Israel is providing logistic and medical support for IS. 
The siege of Mosul is being played up by western media as a heroic second Stalingrad. Don't be fooled. IS has only 3-5,000 lightly armed fighters in Mosul and Raqqa, maybe even less. The leaders of IS are likely long gone. IS has few heavy weapons, no air cover at all, and poor communications. Its rag-tag fighters will run out of ammunitions and explosives very quickly. 
Encircling Mosul are at least 50,000 western-led soldiers, backed by heavy artillery, rocket batteries, tanks, armored vehicles and awesome air power 
The western imperial forces are composed of tough Kurdish pasha merga fighters, Iraqi army and special forces, some Syrian Kurds, Iranian 'volunteers' irregular forces and at least 5,000 US combat troops called 'advisors', plus small numbers of French, Canadian and British special forces. Hovering in the background are some thousands of Turkish troops, supported by armor and artillery ready to 'liberate' Iraq – which was once part of the Ottoman Empire. 
For the US, current military operations in Syria and Iraq are the realization of an imperialist's fondest dream: native troops led by white officers, the model of the old British Indian Raj. Washington arms, trained, equips and financed all its native auxiliaries. 
The IS is caught in a dangerous dilemma. To be a political movement, it was delighted to control Iraq's second largest city. But as a guerilla force, it should not have holed up in an urban area where it was highly vulnerable to concentrated air attack and being surrounded. This is what's happening right now. 
In the mostly flat Fertile Crescent with too few trees, ground forces are totally vulnerable to air power, as the recent 1967, 1973 Israel-Arab wars and 2003 Iraq wars have shown. Dispersion and guerilla tactics are the only hope for those that lack air cover. 
IS forces would best advised to disperse across the region and continue their hit-and-run attacks. Otherwise, they risk being destroyed. But being mostly bloody-minded young fanatics, IS may not heed military logic and precedent in favor of making a last stand in the ruins of Mosul and Raqqa. 
When this happens, western leaders will compete to claim authorship of the faux crusade against the paper tiger of ISIS. 
Eric S. Margolis is an award-winning, internationally syndicated columnist, writing and commenting for the top media outlets of the United States, Canada UK, France, Gulf states, Turkey, Malaysia and Pakistan.

ARTICLE

Chaosistan , Phenomenon of Terrorism by Gulam ASGAR MITHA (Canada) 
The American lust for power and neo-con agendas has been causing catastrophes in the Middle East and the Muslim world now for over four decades. What is, however, a cause for greater fear is that this is leading towards a global conflict. The world just got another warning, this time from Donald Trump the US Republican Presidential candidate who has been speaking the truth though rather incoherently since he is not a politician. He has been set up by a strong establishment to ensure that Hillary Clinton wins the November 4 elections. It may seem that the Republicans did not want to host a conflict which is why they provided an opening for Trump against Hillary who will go down in history as the first US woman President. She has no qualms towing the neo-con agenda. 
Trump has now openly come out on CNN on October 26 and suggested that Hillary Clinton, when elected, will start World War 3. Why? In my opinion the best reasonings were provided by WeAreChange in a video titled ISIS: The Start of World War 3 (2014) . So here we've Trump who warns not only about the Great War but he is mentioning the need to focus on ISIS and not on Syria. One must remember that the seeds for the Great War were planted in 2011 in Libya first and following that in Syria under the pretext of toppling Assad. 
There are too many dots to connect but by connecting some dots chronographically, it is interesting to note a few facts. One is that ISIL (the L being Levant) drove through from Eastern Syria into Iraq stretching from Mosul to Tikrit to slightly north of Baghdad along the banks of River Euphrates for establishing the 'Islamic Caliphate'. Euphrates is the eastern boundary that Israel claims is the Biblical greater Zion; the Nile being the western boundary. Two, ISIL fighters appeared in a most enigmatic manner in early 2014, very well armed. Some sources have suggested that the weapons were looted from Libyan armories stashed by NATO to topple Gaddafi in 2011 and then smuggled into Syria through Turkey a key NATO ally. On June 13, 2013 the New York Times reported that three Qatari C-17 cargo planes collected arms from Libya then returned to Al-Udeid base from where the cargo was then flown to Ankara, Turkey, along with other weapons and equipment that the Qataris had been gathering for the rebels, officials said. Sources have suggested that funding of $2-4 billion initially came from Saudi Arabia and Qatar through Turkey. 
Three, the behaviour of the 'terrorists' was unbecoming of Islamic preaching or what any Muslim would condone, especially that towards women and children. Four, within one year of ISIL takeover of a large part of Iraq, the P5+1 nuclear deal was finalized as a historic achievement. 
Though US-NATO may not have directly created ISIL or ISIS, there has most definitely been suggestions that the US played a covert role with the overt objective of creating a Sunni bloc. 
With retrospect to Iran, the Supreme Leader Ayotallah Ali Khamenei had told Javed Zarif that he supports the P5+1 N-deal maintaining that Iran never had the need for a N-bomb. His reservations were about the Israeli-American interests specifically that 'beneath the nuclear bowl lies a half nuclear bowl'. He suggested to Zarif to try and find out the agenda but most importantly to get the sanctions lifted. In words of many experts the Iranians got more out of the deal. The Ayatollah was probably aware of the agenda which could well be the Shia-Sunni conflict. The sanctions against Iran had failed to satisfy the US towards weakening Iran; in fact Iran has become stronger much to American chagrin. By lifting the sanctions the US has economically and politically empowered Iran and by default created a Shia bloc extending from Iran to Lebanon which includes Iraq, Syria and Yemen. 
Iran had covertly supported Hezbollah in the July 2006 conflict with Israel and now they're again supporting Iraq to successfully oust ISIL from Iraq. Mosul is the last remaining ISIL bastion after which they might flee and regroup with Jabhat Fatal al-Sham (formerly Al-Nusra) and the Sunni coalition (including Turkey, Egypt and Arab countries) in Syria where Russia, Iran and Hezbollah might become engaged in an open conflict. 
President Obama has not supported the no-fly zone (NFZ) in his watch mentioning that the Syrian civil war is 'not a conflict between the US and any party in Syria' although former US secretary of State Hillary Clinton has publicly supported the idea. In a paper published by the Washington based Institute for the Study of War (ISW) on November 4, 2015, it is mentioned that a UN sponsored NFZ resolution is desirable but not essential for US action. The ISW paper has stated that 'if the US intends to lead a sustainable negotiated settlement to the Syrian Civil war or to reinvigorate the moderate rebels, establishing a NFZ is essential.'If as President, Hillary Clinton does arbitrarily institute the NFZ without a UN approval that would certainly imply the direct involvement of the US in the conflict which could well become the flashpoint for the Great War 
It might interest the reader that the founder of ISW is none other than Dr. Kimberly Kagan, wife of Dr. Frederick Kagan who is associated with the American Enterprise Institute (AEI), a Washington based conservative (neo-con) think tank and a signatory to the Project for the New American Century (PNAC). The Kagan family also include Donald, Robert (characterized as a leading neo-conservative) and Victoria Nuland, Assistant Secretary of State for European and Eurasian Affairs in which position she maneuvered the Ukrainian crisis in early 2014. Are these diplomats, including John Kerry, slated to be a strong part of Ms. Clinton's cabinet? 
In conclusion, it is not unreasonable to forego that Trump is correct that Hillary Clinton could catalyse the Syrian civil war into a global conflict. This author's premise and We Are Change video provides the reasoning that ISIS is the start of WW III. 
Gulam Asgar Mitha is a retired Technical Safety Engineer. He has worked with several N. American and International oil and gas companies. He has worked in Libya, Qatar, Pakistan, France, Yemen and UAE. Currently Gulam lives in Calgary, Canada and enjoys reading and keeping in tune with current global political issues. RELATED POSTS

ARTICLE

Africa , China , Hybrid Wars , United States By Andrew KORYBKO (USA) 
The most colonized and exploited continent in the history of the world is once more the center of global competition, albeit this time the form of rivalry between the Great Powers has taken on a much more nuanced, though no less intense, form. The US, France, and their unipolar allies want to retain Africa as their exclusive labor, market, and resource reserve for the foreseeable future, both out of their own material self-interest and with the added strategic benefit of depriving China and others of its economic fruits. Contrarily, China wants to integrate the world's fastest growing economies and populations into the unfolding multipolar world order and give them a fair chance at succeeding in the global system. The contrast between the West's neo-colonialism and China's liberating sovereignty couldn't be more crisp, and it's this opposition of diametrically opposed global strategies and development models that sets the stage for the grand proxy battle between the US and China over Africa. 
Just as much as China needs Africa in order to maintain its steady growth rates into the foreseeable future and ensure its domestic stability, so too does the US want to 'poach' Africa from China in order to offset the structural sustainability of its number one rival's global leadership. The nature of the African-wide proxy conflict is that China is ardently working to finance, construct, and connect various infrastructural projects to one another in order to create a supraregional web of intermodal transport corridors that could then perfectly complement the maritime portion of the One Belt One Road ('New Silk Road') global vision, while the US is trying with equal fervor to seize control of key nodes along these transnational routes as well as strategically disrupt crucial portions in order to increase China's dependence on the unipolar-influenced areas. As the ultimate last resort, however, the US, the 'world island' in all the manners that it can be strategically understood as, will pull out all the stops and unleash a 'scorched earth' trail of Hybrid War destruction in its wake while it strategically retreats back to its self-sufficient 'Fortress North America' as the final coup de grace in the African proxy war against China. 
More than likely, it won't ever get to that dramatic of an absolute point whereby the US fully retreats from Africa or totally destroys the continent with Hybrid War, but realistically speaking, there'll likely be a blended development of scenarios that takes place in this heated theater of competition over the coming decades that integrates elements of both extremes. China will predictably succeed in spearheading several ultra-strategic New Silk Road development corridors in Africa, while the US will probably sabotage a few others and unleash a handful of Hybrid Wars to keep the existing ways indefinitely at bay from fully actualizing their envisioned geo-economic potential. There's no surefire way to know with absolutely certainty what the future will bring, but it's possible to acquire an educated expectation about the structural and systemic manner in which the identified group of states will be targeted by US-provoked Hybrid Wars. Even accounting for the possibility that some of the forthcoming examined scenarios might be 'naturally occurring' in that they require little if any external pressure to instigate, there's still a strong likelihood that at least some of the investigated possibilities will eventually occur to varying extents and that the geopolitical repercussions will indisputably impact quite negatively on China and the larger multipolar world's grand position in the New Cold War. 
This section of the book is organized in such a manner that Part I will describe Africa's overall geopolitical situation, highlighting the influence of hegemonic and institutional regionalism (sometimes overlapping, other times not) over the continent's affairs in order to clearly illustrate the preexisting advantages and obstacles to China's New Silk Road vision. The subsequent chapters of the African Hybrid War research will then comprehensively examine the five separate categories of states and their pertinent neighbors that the author has already identified as being relevantly incorporated into the immediate thesis. To remind the reader about what was described in Part III of the book's Introduction and to expand upon the earlier presented paradigmatic map in a more structurally detailed manner, the following cartographic revision will be henceforth used as the point of reference in guiding the research beyond Part I: 
Key 
* Yellow – East Africa/East African Federation 
* Blue – Central-Southern Africa 
* Black – Failed State Belt 
* Red – Lake Chad Region 
* Hashed/Thatched Lines – countries that will inevitably become involved in the targeted category states' Hybrid War destabilization, whether as an aggressive actor, a passive victim, or a blended mix thereof. Schematic Observations 
A few comments need to be stated about the above map before commencing Part I of the African Hybrid War research: 
Southern African Cone: 
Firstly, while it's conceptually possible for all states in Africa (or anywhere in the world, for that matter) to be afflicted by Hybrid War, keeping in accordance with the axiom that this method of warfare is more often than not applied in disrupting multipolar transnational connective infrastructure projects and/or seizing control of them, it can be surmised that the ones which could most radically revolutionize the continent's geopolitical and geo-economic would be most actively targeted and consequently receive the highest likelihood of some sort of Hybrid War destabilization in the coming future. All of this will be described in detail in Part I, but for now it's enough to know that the identified states lay along the paths of China's presently constructed Silk Road routes or most probable forthcoming projects that it could pursue in achieving its grand strategic ends. 
It should be clarified at this point that the Southern African Cone was not included in the above model because its economic corridors are relatively well-established and have already been utilized for some time by all sorts of Great Powers, the West obviously included. Furthermore, concerning Namibia and Botswana's global connectivity via South Africa, and to an extent, even Zimbabwe and Mozambique's as well, this mostly deals with the one-way transport of natural resources and less so with each respective state's labor and market potential. While each of these countries have a given role that they play vis-à-vis the Chinese economy, none of them except for South Africa (the hub through which most of their exports, barring Mozambique's, pass) is integral enough to be targeted by their own Hybrid War. 
Theoretically speaking, disruptions in the regional periphery around South Africa could have a strategic effect in putting pressure on the country's multipolar leadership and pave the way for a regime change scenario, but given the rotten nature of corrupt South African politics, it's more expected that traditional 'soft coup' means such as constitutional technicalities and simple Color Revolutions (i.e. the anti-Rousseff coup in Brazil) would be used in this instance. Additionally, the resources of the population-sparse countries of Namibia and Botswana and the general market and labor potential of South Africa are already pretty much integrated into the larger global economy, so there are many existing unipolar stakeholders that would also be adversely affected by a severe disruption in or around their common point of African access. The same can't be said so much about Zimbabwe and Mozambique, the former rich in minerals such as diamonds and platinum while the latter is poised to become one of the world's largest LNG exporters, so it's entirely possible that they may be targeted sometime in the future. But even so, it would be less in connection with China's multipolar transnational connective infrastructure projects than with their own individual standalone potentials in their respective fields, thus strategically differentiating them from the other countries included in the present study (although that is not to say that Hybrid War techniques would not be used – they probably would to a large extent). 
Insular Importance: 
In relation to the above, the insular countries of Africa were also not included in the continental overview, although they too play an important role in its evolving geopolitical paradigm. Nevertheless, because they're island nations, they're not directly connected to anything else besides the high seas, so although they may have valuable transit node status for China as an integral component of its Sea Lines of Communication, they're not as directly affected by the region-stretching Hybrid War study that was commenced for the mainland. Nevertheless, because each of them could play a pivotal role in influencing continental affairs if properly utilized by a partnering Great Power, it's worthwhile to very concisely comment on how they fit into the larger strategic equation that will be described throughout this work: 
* Yellow – Canary Islands (Spain): This legacy holding allows Madrid to exert influence near the coasts of Morocco and Western Sahara, both thought to be rich with fish and possible energy resources. 
* Green – Cabo Verde (formerly Cape Verde prior to late-2013): The former Portuguese colony connects the North and South Atlantic and offers a strategic position near the mouth of the Senegal River, as well as being positioned along an important oceanic route that the US and EU must take to access West Africa. 
* Blue – São Tomé and Príncipe: Another former Portuguese colony, this one is crucially located in the hydrocarbon-rich waters of the Gulf of Guinea and in close proximity to the shoreline of Africa's largest economy, Nigeria. 
* Violet – Comoros and the French overseas department of Mayotte: These two locations are almost on top of northern Mozambique's LNG-prospected Rovuma Basin and thus near what will likely become a major energy exporting area in the near future. 
* Orange – Seychelles: The former UK-colonized island chain lies along the route of approach that India and China must take in accessing the burgeoning East African marketplace, and it's for this strategically competitive reason that New Delhi has proactively sought to build a naval base and position some of its military units there in order to 'contain' China. 
* Unmarked – Mauritius and the French island of Reunion: These two insular areas are not directly relevant to Africa's mainland geopolitical order, although they do acquire significance vis-à-vis Madagascar and the US-controlled Indian Ocean bastion of Diego Garcia. 
Transregional Conflict Overspill: 
One of the most striking aspects of the reference map is that it clearly delineates the geopolitical fault lines where Hybrid War conflicts could easily become transregional: 
Out of all of the areas designated by the map, it's most probable that the uncontrollably violent processes in the Failed State Belt of the Central African Republic (CAR) and South Sudan would be the ones to spread to other parts of Africa, at least as regards the continent's conflicts that are presently ongoing (and not accounting for those that have yet to possibly erupt). In particular, CAR's chaos could result in a refugee and militant overspill to Cameroon and Chad, possibly leading to these respective Christian- and Muslim-led governments supporting their own confessional sides in the country's unresolved civil war. The misleading 'Clash of Civilizations' narrative that would assuredly be purposely pushed by the Western mainstream media will be discussed later on when addressing the Failed State Belt, but at this moment it's useful just to be aware of the transregional 'infection' potential that the CAR has in affecting the Lake Chad region. Additionally, the country's domestic difficulties could also spread southward into the northern reaches of the Central-Southern state of the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC), representing a dual destabilization threat emanating from the CAR. 
South Sudan can do something similar to the CAR in relation to the northern part of the DRC, but possibly even to the Horn of Africa state of Ethiopia and the East African state of Uganda as well. Tellingly, these latter two states are actively involved in the conflict resolution process in South Sudan and are jostling against one another for influence there in order to carve out defensive buffers (but also markets, of course) to protect themselves from this scenario. It should go without saying that South Sudan was only brought into existence because it was forcibly severed from Sudan proper over a three-decade-long civil war period, and the dynamic of anti-Khartoum action hasn't stopped since Juba gained its independence in 2011. Therefore, South Sudan represents an even larger asymmetrical regional threat than CAR does, and their combined destabilization potential explains why they're both categorized together as part of the Failed State Belt. 
If their respective conflicts somehow merged into a transnational conflagration, then that would represent a large-scale Hybrid War threat in the geographic heart of Africa, but the closest this has henceforth come has been the over-exaggerated threat of Joseph Kony. With reference to the Failed State Belt's Hybrid War vulnerabilities and the transregionalization that its internal conflicts pose, it's little wonder then that the US exploited the mystique around this warlord in order to deploy a limited but very strategic contingent of its special forces to Uganda, South Sudan, DRC, and CAR. Almost as an afterthought but drawing on the tangent of transregional conflict overlap, it's topically pertinent to recall the Darfur Conflict and how this essentially was a proxy competition between the Lake Chad regional state of Chad and the extended Failed State Belt and somewhat Gulf-influenced state of Sudan. It's no longer as relevant of a geopolitical item as it once was during the mid-2000s, but it nevertheless still has the potential to re-erupt in the future, especially if the externally directed Sudanese dissolution process speeds up and makes headway in the states of Blue Nile and South Kordofan. 
Lastly, there's the realistic possibility that the US' attempts to instigate a Hybrid War in Burundi could set off a chain reaction of destabilization in the eastern DRC, Rwanda (and by extent, possibly up to Uganda), and western Tanzania, thereby making this geographically tiny state a disproportionately large trigger in upsetting the regional balance. Although there's not yet an active conflict in Burundi anywhere on par with the scale of what's been raging in the CAR and South Sudan over the past couple of years, this doesn't mean that one can't quickly develop if the entire state collapses under Hybrid War pressure, and this disturbing scenario will certainly be explored more at length later on in the work. 
Mapping out the expected transregional conflict overspill zones in Africa, one can unmistakably see that it's the entire Upper-Central (Failed State Belt) and the eastern portion of the Central-Southern zones of Africa that are most at risk of this destructive process unfolding. Accordingly, this realization leads one to conclude that the DRC and the areas immediately abutting it provide the most fertile ground for the transnationalization of domestic conflicts, which somewhat (but not totally) explains why the Second Congo War eventually came to involve states located far away from the actual battlespace and be nicknamed ' Africa's World War '. To put it another way, the Hybrid War vulnerabilities of the identified area combined with its obvious geostrategic centrality to the African continent makes it doubly capable of sucking countless states into a literal Black Hole of Chaos that could easily become the ultimate proxy war climax between the US and China. 
To be continued… 
Andrew Korybko is the American political commentator currently working for the Sputnik agency. He is the author of the monograph ' Hybrid Wars: The Indirect Adaptive Approach To Regime Change ' (2015). This text will be included into his forthcoming book on the theory of Hybrid Warfare. 
PREVIOUS CHAPTERS:

ARTICLE

United States By ORIENTAL REVIEW 
The outcome of the 2016 presidential election will show that the American political system – as we have known it – will apparently cease to exist. Trump is nothing like those Republican pawns who, along with the puppets of the Democratic party, have spent the last 40 years erecting the facade of American democracy. It really looks like he is ready to make good on the threat he made even prior to the Republican National Convention – to send millions of his supporters into the streets. 
Today Trump represents an entirely new party made up of half of the American electorate, and they are ready for action. And whatever the eventual political structure of this new model, this is what is shaping America's present reality. Moreover, this does not seem like such a unique situation. It rather appears to be the final chapter of some ancient story, in which the convoluted plotlines finally take shape and find resolution. 
The circumstances are increasingly reminiscent of 1860, when Lincoln's election so enraged the South that those states began agitating for secession. Trump is today symbolic of a very real American tradition that during the Civil War (1860-1865) ran headlong into American revolutionary liberalism for the first time. 
Right up until World War I traditional American conservatism wore the guise of 'isolationism.' Prior to WWII it was known as 'non-interventionism.' Afterward, that movement attempted to use Sen. Joseph McCarthy to battle the left-liberal stranglehold. And in the 1960s it became the primary target of the 'counter-cultural revolution.' Richard Nixon 
Its last bastion was Richard Nixon , whose fall was the result of an unprecedented attack from the left-liberal press in 1974. And this is perhaps the example against which we should compare the present-day Trump and his current fight. 
And by the way, the crimes of Hillary Clinton, who has failed to protect state secrets and has repeatedly been caught lying under oath, clearly outweigh the notorious Watergate scandal that led to Nixon's forced resignation under threat of impeachment. But the liberal American media remains silent, as if nothing has happened. 
By all indications it is clear that we are standing before a truly epochal moment. But before turning to the future that might await us, let's take a quick glance at the history of conflict between revolutionary liberalism and traditional white conservatism in the US. *** 
Immediately after WWII, an attack on two fronts was launched by the party of 'expansionism' (we'll call it that). The Soviet Union and Communism were designated the number one enemy. Enemy number two (with less hype) was traditional American conservatism. The war against traditional 'Americanism' was waged by several intellectual fringe groups simultaneously. 
The country's cultural and intellectual life was under the absolute control of a group known as the ' New York Intellectuals .' Literary criticism as well as all other aspects of the nation's literary life was in the hands of this small group of literary curators who had emerged from the milieu of a Trotskyist-communist magazine known as the Partisan Review ( PR ). No one could become a professional writer in the America of the 1950s and 1960s without being carefully screened by this sect. 
The foundational tenets of American political philosophy and sociology were composed by militants from the Frankfurt School , which had been established during the interwar period in Weimar Germany and which moved to the US after the National Socialists took power. Here, retraining their sights from communist to liberal, they set out to design a 'theory of totalitarianism' in addition to their concept of an 'authoritarian personality' – both hostile to 'democracy.' Max Shachtman 
The 'New York Intellectuals' and representatives of the Frankfurt School became friends, and Hannah Arendt , for example, was an authoritative representative of both sects. This is where future neocons (Norman Podhoretz, Eliot A. Cohen, and Irving Kristol) gained their experience. The former leader of the Trotskyist Fourth International and godfather of the neocons, Max Shachtman , held a place of honor in the 'family of intellectuals.' 
The anthropological school of Franz Boas and Freudianism reigned over the worlds of psychology and sociology at that time. The Boasian approach in psychology argued that genetic, national, and racial differences between individuals were of no importance (thus the concepts of 'national culture' and 'national community' were meaningless). 
Psychoanalysis also became fashionable, which primarily aimed to supplant traditional church institutions and become a type of quasi-religion for the middle class. 
The common denominator linking all these movements was anti-fascism . Did something look fishy in this? But the problem was that the traditional values of the nation, state, and family were all labeled 'fascist.' From this standpoint, any white Christian man aware of his cultural and national identity was potentially a 'fascist.' 
Kevin MacDonald, a professor of psychology at California State University, analyzed in detail the seizure of America's cultural, political, and mental landscape by these 'liberal sects' in his brilliant book The Culture of Critique , writing: 
'The New York Intellectuals, for example, developed ties with elite universities, particularly Harvard, Columbia, the University of Chicago, and the University of California-Berkeley, while psychoanalysis and anthropology became well entrenched throughout academia. 
'The moral and intellectual elite established by these movements dominated intellectual discourse during a critical period after World War II and leading into the countercultural revolution of the 1960s.' 
It was precisely this intellectual milieu that spawned the countercultural revolution of the 1960s. 
Riding the wave of these sentiments, the new Immigration and Nationality Act was passed in 1965, encouraging this phenomenon and facilitating the integration of immigrants into US society. The architects of the law wanted to use the celebrated melting pot to 'dilute' the 'potentially fascist' descendants of European immigrants by making use of new ethno-cultural elements. 
The 60s revolution opened the door to the American political establishment to representatives from both wings of the expansionist 'party' – the neo-liberals and the neo-conservatives. 
Besieged by the left-liberal press in 1974, Richard Nixon resigned under threat of impeachment. In the same year the US Congress passed the Jackson-Vanik Amendment (drafted by Richard Perle ), which emerged as a symbol of the country's 'new political agenda' – economic war against the Soviet Union using sanctions and boycotts. 
At that same time the 'hippie generation' was joining the Democratic Party on the coattails of Senator George McGovern's campaign . And that was when Bill Clinton's smiling countenance first emerged on the US political horizon. 
And the future neo-conservatives (at that time still disciples of the Democratic hawk Henry 'Scoop' Jackson) began to slowly edge in the direction of the Republicans. «If there is any doubt about the power of your ideas, just look at the number of members of the Center that have been appointed to posts in this administration -especially in the Department of Defense- to dispel that doubt». Donald Rumsfeld, Secretary of Defense, September 5, 2002 
In 1976, Mr. Rumsfeld and his fellow neo-conservatives resurrected the Committee on the Present Danger , an inter-party club for political hawks whose goal became the launch of an all-out propaganda war against the USSR. 
Former Trotskyists and followers of Max Shachtman (Kristol, Podhoretz, and Jeane Kirkpatrick) and advisers to Sen. Henry Jackson (Paul Wolfowitz, Perle, Elliott Abrams, Charles Horner, and Douglas Feith) joined Donald Rumsfeld, Dick Cheney, and other 'Christian' politicians with the intention of launching a 'campaign to transform the world.' 
This is where the neocons' 'nonpartisan ideology' originated. And eventually today's 'inalterable US government' hatched from this egg. 
American politics began to acquire its current shape during the Reagan era. In economics this was seen in the policy of neoliberalism (politics waged in the interests of big financial capital) and in foreign policy – in a strategy consisting of 'holy war against the forces of evil.' The Nixon-Kissinger tradition of foreign policy (which viewed the Soviet Union and China as a normal countries with which is essential to find common ground) was entirely abandoned. 
The collapse of the USSR was a sign of the onset of the final phase of the 'neocon revolution.' At that point their protégé, Francis Fukuyama, announced the 'end of history.' *** 
As the years passed, the influence of the neo-conservatives (in politics) and neoliberals (in economics) only expanded. Through all manner of committees, foundations, 'think tanks,' etc., the students of Milton Friedman and Leo Strauss (from the departments of economics and political science at the University of Chicago) penetrated ever more deeply into the inner workings of the Washington power machine. The apotheosis of this expansion was the presidency of George W. Bush, during which the neocons, having seized the primary instruments of power in the White House, were able to plunge the country into the folly of a war in the Middle East. 
By the end of the Bush presidency this clique was the object of universal hatred throughout the US. That's why the middle-ground, innocuous figure of Barack Obama, a Democrat, was able to move into the White House for the next eight years. The neocons stepped down from their central rostrums of power and returned to their 'influential committees.' It is likely that this election was intended to facilitate the triumphant return of the neoconservative-neoliberal paradigm all wrapped up in 'new packaging.' For various reasons, the decision was made to assign this role to Hillary Clinton. But it seems that at the most critical moment the flimsy packaging ripped open … 
What happened? Why is this clique's triumphant return to power erupting in massive scandal this time around? Probably because we are living in an era during which much that was mysterious is suddenly becoming clear. Probably because Trump's 'silent majority' suddenly saw before them someone they had been waiting for for a long time – a man ready to defend their interests. 
Perhaps also it is because the middle class is choking on its growing exasperation with the 'elite caste' occupying its native country. And it finally became clear to the sober-minded American patriots in law enforcement that the return to power of the people responsible for the current global chaos could be a big threat to the US and rest of the world. Because, in the end, everyone has children and no one wants a new world war. 
How will this new conservative revolt against the elite end? Will Trump manage to 'drain the swamp of Washington, DC' as he has promised, or he will end up as the system's next victim? Very soon we can finally get an answer to these questions. RELATED POSTS

ARTICLE

Africa , Hybrid Wars By Andrew KORYBKO (USA) 
The introductory text prefaced the general concepts that the author will be extrapolating on further in the research, and now that the basics of the overall analytical foundation and the contours of the reference map are out of the way, it's time to begin exploring the influence of hegemonic and institutional regionalism on African geopolitics, widely investigating the asymmetrical threats endemic to each area, and start elucidating China's overall Silk Road vision for the continent. 
African Regions, Their Respective (And Prospective) Leaders, And Interregional Conflict Scenarios 
The author's preferred method of explaining Africa's geopolitics is to begin as broadly as possible and then gradually become more specific, with the entire continuum of study eventually leading to the reader's solid understanding of China's visionary plans. To start off, it's necessary to divide Africa into five separate regions and identify the state within each which holds the most influential demographic, economic, and military sway (cumulatively described as leadership) and has the most promising long-term potential (operative word) to become a regional heavyweight if it isn't one already: 
* Brown – North Africa – Egypt * Orange – Horn And East Africa – Ethiopia * Blue – Central-South Africa – Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC) * Red – Southern Cone – South Africa 
Interpretation: 
It should immediately be said that the above map is a conceptualized representation that includes both current and prospective realities (the latter in reference to the DRC), and that the shaded areas are rough estimates of the approximate spread of each region. There are certainly limits to each identified core country's influence and it's predicted that there will obviously be competitive coalitions both within its own sphere and outside of it that assemble to challenge the given state's leadership over the said region. For example, this can currently be seen by the former French colonies of West Africa having their own Paris-controlled currency and collectively viewing Nigeria's regional ascendency with suspicion, which has been particularly evident when it comes to Chad and its uninvited (but unopposed) anti-terrorist military involvement in northeastern Nigeria. While admittedly imperfect in certain respects, the simplified map does present a relatively accurate snapshot of the broader geopolitical processes that are presently underway in Africa and allows observers to relatively accurately extrapolate on their predicted trajectory. Therefore, the map should only be seen as a basic working model through which the reader can acquire a generalized idea about the continent and a prism of perspective through which they can thus interpret the rest of the unfolding Hybrid War analysis. 
Focal Points Of Overlap: 
The introduction spoke about some of the overlap potential between the earlier-identified regions of Hybrid War study, but seeing as how the most recent map is somewhat different in categorizing the entire continent into geographic blocs, it's necessary to succinctly touch upon some of the areas of overlap that may not have been addressed previously. 
North-Central Nexus: 
This tinderbox of a locale is defined as the convergence area between Chad, the Central African Republic (CAR), Sudan, and South Sudan, and it's marked by an array of interlinked involvement between state and non-state actors in each other's affairs. Chad and Sudan had earlier vied for influence in the latter's region of Darfur, and N'djamena also exerts influence in the Muslim reaches of Northern CAR. Khartoum is involved in a back-and-forth proxy war with Juba along their shared frontier which sees both sides supporting a mix of non-state rebel actors (some of which are defined by the respective targeted governments as terrorists), and the globally notorious non-state bogeyman of Joseph Kony and his Lord's Resistance Army operates between CAR and South Sudan. The below map conceptualizes the dangerous interplay between forces in this totally destabilized region and shows how the only missing factors are the 'geographic diagonal' involvement of Chad in South Sudan and Sudan in CAR, and a possibly disruptive humanitarian/militant influence emanating from CAR to Chad (which is not unlikely if confessional tensions spike once more): 
Mountain Mayhem: 
The next most conflict-prone area of regional overlap is the mountainous area that straddles the DRC and Uganda, Rwandan, and Burundian borders. After the end of the Second Congo War ('Africa's World War'), Ugandan and Rwandan pro- and anti-government militia groups ended up controlling this part of the DRC and seizing the profitable mining deposits located here. There's a lot of legal and illegal cross-border traffic between the two sides, and it's well known that conflicts from one part of the mountains could easily spill over to the other due to the well-established economic and demographic connections that link them. Burundi figures into the equation because it's the 'weak man of East Africa', a recent civil war state that is now being pushed back to the brink as part of the US' Hybrid War agenda against China (which will be addressed in full later on at the appropriate section). Destabilization in this country could easily move west and north to DRC and Rwanda, creating a tri-state ethno-regional conflagration that would inevitable come to involve Uganda as well. 
For the time being, though, dominant influence between the two identified African regions is pretty one-sided, with Rwanda and Uganda exerting control over the DRC and not the other way around. This is primarily due to their respective nationals and affiliated militias (both pro- and anti-government ones) creating a sort of 'strategic depth' that has profoundly penetrated just about all levels of life in the eastern DRC. However, if the DRC ever got back on track after being spectacularly sidelined by the West's covert war against it in the early 1960s and further weakened by the First and Second Congo Wars, then it's foreseeable that the cross-border flow of influence could either be equalized or even reversed if the right demographic factors were leveraged under the proper geopolitical conditions. 
Regardless of the 'positive' movement of influence in either direction, if cross-border Hybrid War triggers are activated, then it's likely that the general destabilization could also involve Tanzania and possibly even Zambia. The last possibility is more likely so if a renewed Katanga separatist or anti-government campaign is ever launched within the region, which might pan out to be the case if popular former governor and ' opposition ' leader Moisi Katumbi stirs the pot of regionalism should President Kabila run for what would at this point be an unconstitutional third term , delays the elections, or is accused (whether rightfully or wrongfully) of committing voter fraud that helps him or a hand-picked political successor win at the polls. 
Sahara Terror: 
The next interregional conflict overlap in Africa deals with terrorist groups in the Sahara, in particular the interplay between transnational militant organizations operating in the broad expanse between Mali, Mauritania, Algeria, Niger, and Libya. The NATO War on Libya destroyed the most prosperous and stable state in Africa and was the catalyst for destabilizing the rest of the aforementioned states 'downstream' via the newly opened weapon and militant channel that was created in the former Jamahiriya. This wide space is sparsely populated but is rich in oil, natural gas, and uranium deposits. For this reason, Sahara terrorism directly affects the global commodities trade and the interests of certain Great Powers and their most prominent transnational corporations. 
As a fitting example, France's nuclear leader Areva controls uranium mines in Niger, and the in-country French military contingent there is also tasked with protecting them, among its other responsibilities. Furthermore, the mixture of destabilization in the region, low energy prices, and rapid LNG industry developments have led to the indefinite shelving of the tentative proposal for a Trans-Saharan gas pipeline from Nigeria to southern Europe via Niger and Algeria, but this idea nonetheless still remains a possibility that might one day be revived . 
Widening the interregional scope of the Libyan-originated destabilization that is now plaguing the Sahara, the terrorist hijacking of the Tuareg's 2011-2012 'Azawad' self-determination movement in Mali has also led to a spillover effect of Islamic/Salafist violence in Burkina Faso and the Ivory Coast , non-Sahara countries which are part of the greater West African region. Therefore, the two launching pads of inter- and intra-regional destabilization can be identified as Libya and Mali, with the latter becoming totally unbalanced only after the former's collapse following the US-led NATO war against it. 
Malawi In The Middle: 
Formerly part of the British Empire and administered together with Zambia and Zimbabwe as a member of the 'Central African Federation' in the closing days of colonialism, Malawi is categorized as part of the Southern Cone sphere of regional influence because most of its international trade runs through Mozambique. The landlocked country is one of the world's poorest and least-developed nations, and the state's dire poverty has created a situation where anti-government sentiment can be easily manipulated. 
While Malawi isn't directly a part of China's larger integrated Silk Road network in Africa, the two countries have quickly moved closer to one another economically over the past couple of years after the African state disowned its prior decades-long relationship with Taiwan, thus raising the covert consternation of the US and pushing Washington to order its top diplomat in the country to prepare for a coup and possible Hybrid War attempt. 
Malawi's geopolitical position is such that any large-scale destabilization within the country's borders could easily spread to Mozambique, but most important for the research's focus, it could also just as likely move northwards to Zambia and Tanzania, two pivotal countries that are involved in China's transcontinental Silk Road projects. Because of the conflict overspill potential that a seemingly tiny and assumedly geopolitically irrelevant state like Malawi can have, it's accurate to label it a 'Second Burundi' in terms of the chances that it could be used to trigger a regional conflagration that could subsequently offset China's integrative vision for the continent. 
If timed to coincide with a Hybrid War in Burundi, then a prospectively planned one in Malawi would deal double a dose of destabilization to Tanzania and could be used to spark a larger transregional conflict zone between Uganda and Mozambique. 
Furthermore, there exists the potential (which will be discussed at a future point in the research) that this could either trigger the renewed Katanga secessionist crisis or anti-government movement that was mentioned before or be timed to coincide with it in its own right during the elections that are tentatively forecast for late 2016. If this scenario eventuates, then the simultaneously exploding series of latent conflicts would certainly spell the end for all of China's transcontinental integrative plans, although it might still be possible to salvage the ones dealing only with East African coast (and which will also be described later on in detail). 
The Real African World War: 
The nightmare scenario that could one day transpire in Africa is if the super- and sub-equatorial active and potential conflict zones find a way to interlink with one another and turn the whole continent into a massive Hybrid War battleground. While somewhat far-fetched at the moment and tactically hindered by the DRC's jungled geographic 'firewall', if another 'African World War' takes place in the Congo, then the resultant destabilization could be enough to surmount this physical difficulty and summon a Black Hole of Chaos that sparks a real 'African World War' which ends up connecting the Saharan-based terrorists with the Lake Malawi militants. This could most realistically be achieved via an outbreak of large-scale turmoil in the Nigerien-Chadian buffer zone and the Zambia-Tanzania-Katanga Province New Silk Road infrastructural nexus. Non-African Foreign Military Bases 
Keeping with the present security theme, non-African foreign militaries have left a remarkable footprint on the continent. For the most part, it's primarily the US and France that have spread their units far and wide, although Washington 'officially' claims that it only has a single military facility in Djibouti. Despite the technical 'legalese' of the Pentagon's pronouncements, investigative journalist Nick Turse has unearthed piles of evidence proving that drone bases, logistics hubs, and other covert warfare-facilitating outposts are surreptitiously being utilized all across Africa. The reader is strongly encouraged to read this author's works and become familiar with his findings, as they detail the contours of the shadow war that the US has been waging on Africa ever since 9/11. To summarize the US role in Africa in the most concisely pertinent way, the Pentagon regularly conducts training exercises with almost every single African military in one capacity or another, and it keeps a more lasting presence in the contiguous Sahara-Sahel-jungled area that stretches from the Atlantic to the Indian Ocean and has been called ' The New Spice Route '. As taken from the last hyperlinked source, here's a map displaying how this network, which has also been nicknamed 'the hippo trench', looks from a continental perspective, but it should be kept in mind that Ethiopia is no longer a formal part of this arrangement after it asked the US to remove its drone base in early 2016 in the months following the original article's publication: 
The other military power most actively involved in Africa is France, which had earlier colonized a large chunk of the continent in the late-19 th and early-20 th centuries. The most active part of its force is deployed in the Sahel region as part of ' Operation Barkhane ' which stretches across what has been referred to as the 'G5 Sahel' countries of Mauritania, Mali, Burkina Faso, Niger, and Chad. In addition to this, Paris also keeps troops in Senegal, Ivory Coast, Gabon, Central African Republic (CAR), and Djibouti. Here's what France's military deployments look like when they're mapped out: 
* Red: G5 Sahel * Pink all others 
Comparing the two maps, it's possible to observe a military overlap between the US and France in Senegal, Mali, Burkina Faso, Niger, Chad, CAR, and Djibouti: 
While most of the double concentration of foreign military bases lies in Western and Central Africa, the fact that this is also present in Djibouti mustn't be overlooked. In fact, the miniscule East African nation has a disproportionate military significance in that it concurrently hosts American, French, Japanese , Chinese , and soon even Saudi bases, making it by far a global military anomaly in this regard. With the focus now on East Africa, it's timely to state that this part of the continent beyond Djibouti is also becoming heavily militarized by foreign forces as well. The UAE is suspected of having a naval base in Eritrea and is purportedly prospecting for facilities in Somalia's autonomous breakaway region of Somaliland, while Turkey is also building a military base in the civil war-torn country. On top of all of this, Qatar maintains a small amount of 'peacekeepers' in both Eritrea and Djibouti ever since 2010 as part of its UN-related responsibility in supposedly 'mediating' between the two asides after a tense border dispute in 2008. This strategic concentration of forces has the effect of creating the perception that landlocked yet economically promising Ethiopia is being encircled, especially by the GCC-member states of Saudi Arabia, Qatar, and the UAE, which will be an important fact that will be returned to later on when the research addresses the Horn of Africa region. 
* Red: Horn of Africa states with foreign military bases * Orange: Ethiopia African Military Blocs 
Although there's a diversified non-African military presence all throughout the continent, Africa has still been able to assemble a loose network of regional military-security blocs that operate under the nominal aegis of the African Union (AU). The African Standby Forces , as they're known, are divided according to Regional Economic Communities (RECs) and Regions and given defined areas of responsibility. The economic boundaries of most of these geographic blocs overlap with their military ones and will be described more in the next section, but for the time being, here's what the AU's allocation looks like: 
* Brown: North Africa Regional Capability * Yellow: ECOWAS * Purple: Economic Community of Central African States (ECCAS) * Orange: East African Standby Force (EASF) * Red: Southern African Development Community (SADC) 
NOTE: South Sudan is not yet a full member of the East African Standby Force, while Angola and Burundi are listed as having dual responsibilities within their shared ECCAS and SADC and the EASF, respectively. Additionally, it's important to point out that the East African Community is divided between South Sudan, Kenya, Uganda, Rwanda, and Burundi's commitment to the EASF, Burundi's additional responsibilities to the ECCAS, and Tanzania's incorporation into the SADC zone of responsibility. Also, because Morocco is not part of the AU as per the Western Sahara dispute, it's not party to the African Standby Forces agreement in any capacity. 
The last thing that's important to point out about Africa's military blocs is that Nigeria, Niger, Cameroon, and Chad have aligned their forces to battle the Boko Haram threat that afflicts their shared Lake Chad basin. Documenting this on a map, it superficially looks like a formidable military alliance, but it's actually a poorly coordinated and internally competing force dominated by mutually suspicious Nigeria and Chad: 
To be continued… 
Andrew Korybko is the American political commentator currently working for the Sputnik agency. He is the author of the monograph ' Hybrid Wars: The Indirect Adaptive Approach To Regime Change ' (2015). This text will be included into his forthcoming book on the theory of Hybrid Warfare. 
PREVIOUS CHAPTERS:

ARTICLE

United States By Marcus GODWYN (UK) 
'Well! Whoever would ever have thought it?' These were apparently John Major's first words to his new Cabinet as he sat down for the first time as British Prime Minister having , together with most of that Cabinet ousted democratically elected, three time Prime Minister, Margaret Thatcher in an undemocratic, Conservative Party, palace coup. This was not only a cowardly and underhand stab in the back for Mrs Thatcher but for British democracy itself as under normal circumstances, and the circumstances were normal, only the British electorate at the ballot box should have the right to oust a siting Prime Minister or government. Indeed it had begun to look as if this was a fatal blow to the structure, not welded together by anything other than precedent and tradition, of the British democratic process itself. 
That act can be seen as ushering in a new level in the drive towards global domination by what some call The New World Order and others, who don't like that title's conspiracy theory connotations, call globalism. For the rest of this article I will use New World Order – NWO to refer to this phenomenon. 
George Bush senior was already US president, The Berlin Wall had fallen and The USSR was on the verge of collapse. In Britain things reverted to business as usual controlled by a small elite comprised of the old elite and the ' new globalists' This push for global economic control would go into overdrive with the arrival of Tony Blair in 10 Downing Street and Bill Clinton in The White House. On both sides of the Atlantic voters rejoiced as they thought they were getting a fresh, new alternative but, not for the last time over the coming years, it would take a little while for us all to realise just how wrong we all were. The Glass Steagal Act was repealed. Prices that the public couldn't escape such as utility bills began skyrocketing all over the western world and the western world began moving inexorably eastward as the EU and NATO began swallowing the newly liberated countries of central and eastern Europe. Yugoslavia was attacked from within and without and dismembered, accompanied by, for the first time, a coordinated uniform media propaganda campaign in order to inform us as to who the 'bad guy' was and why such an act was necessary! The next massive ramp up in this campaign came in the wake of 9-11! Afghanistan and Iraq were invaded, then came the so called 'Arab Spring' Libya was invaded and its government overthrown, Then Syria became the West's next target. When the West was finally prevented from attacking Syria outright in 2013 by Russia and China they turned in revenge on Ukraine overthrowing its government and installing a rabidly anti-Russian, racist replacement but failing in their ultimate goal; the control of Crimea and the Russian naval base in Sevastopol. So the West proceeded to start up a civil war in that country. All this time, the western public seemed unaware or unable or unwilling to counter this steam roller at home and abroad. Seemingly acquiescent due to the same media campaigns that always vilified the target country's rulers or leader and told us all that we had to intervene on the grounds of human rights and democracy promotion. There were some antiwar protests over Iraq in 2003 but after that nothing. The people of Greece voted against the austerity measures forced on them by The International Monetary Fund but the new, so called 'extreme left' government turned out to be NWO stooges who betrayed their people and the ship sailed on. 
Sailed on that is until 23 rd June 2016. The Brexit vote in the UK brought about by an absurd political mistake on the part of David Cameron was the first real sign that people were beginning to show that they had had enough of being led by the nose by a semi anonymous ruling elite. True, the majority to leave was not huge but it was big enough to be decisive and threw a historic spanner in the works of the NWO's drive for ever further integration bound up with secret economic treaties and aims. 
The news today however, 9 th November in the year of grace 2016 from the United States is truly earth shattering. I knew Donald Trump would win for at least a month but the size of this historic victory is astounding and too big to allow for falsifications. At the risk of sounding banal; this election result by itself HAS made America great again! It shows, as did Brexit, that just maybe, democracy is not dead, well not completely anyway and that people are not as easy to manipulate as many elites and pessimistic anti-elites, anti-NWO minded souls seemed to think! 
The entire American mainstream media and that of the entire western world was against him. Most of the senior members of his own party were against him. The CIA, The Pentagon, Hollywood, all the country's leading banks and financial institutions were against him. A whole host of media 'celebrities' of all kinds were trotted out to cheer for Clinton. Even the sitting President, against constitutional rules, came out and propagandized for the 'designated candidate and against Trump. Such a situation is utterly unprecedented in the history of the US. However, the American people turned round and said NO by a decisive majority. Trump's election is truly historic. 
Analysts say that in the Brexit vote and the US election the voter group that really made the difference were working class voters. There were several moments in my life starting at secondary school and on into my late twenties when I had prolonged contact with the English working class. Mainly in and around London but also in the north east and north west of England. These people in general live for today instinctively and have a pretty good dose of common sense (so prized by the ancient Greeks) unlike the 'chattering classes' and it is no surprise to me at all that they, on mass, have seen through the propaganda manipulations that have managed to ensnare those who we are led to believe have more 'education'. I should add that I had some contact with the French working class when I first started living there and my impression was that they were deeply corrupted by the ego based ideology of communism where common sense cannot be found. This was in 1990 though and the world has changed greatly since then. Communism, for different reasons was never attractive to the American and British working class even in bygone days when they were huge statistically speaking and when communism seemed, unstoppably, to be on the road to world hegemony. 
What will this massive, popular, intuitive rebellion against the NWO bring to the world? 
Some commentators have issued similar warnings as this by Marcus Papadopoulos: ' The people who regard Donald Trump as some sort of saviour are, undoubtedly, the same people who thought the same of Boris Johnson .' Sure, it could be that the whole thing is an act to fool us yet again and that Trump will continue exactly the same policies as his predecessor (or as Clinton's) once in the White House just as his predecessor continued exactly the same policies as his predecessor when he entered The White House eight years before. We were fooled into thinking that Obama represented a real alternative to the Bush years. Such warnings basically say that Trump could well be yet another NWO stooge. Personally, while acknowledging that this is a possibility, I think it is the least likely of all the reasons why the change all sane people are praying for may not come about. My certainty he would become president increased when I saw a video compilation of interview excerpts dating back to 1980 concerning the subject of him possibly standing for president. I could feel the destiny in it and if I read it right he will be one of the most important presidents in history. It also confirmed something I always noticed. Like him or not, he remains consistent. This is the 100% opposite of NWO politicians such as Boris Johnson or Angela Merkel who can make total 'U turns' in declared policy without so much as batting an eyelid when it is demanded of them and carry on talking to their electorate as if nothing has happened. 
Far, far more likely is that he is genuinely anti-NWO and really intends to 'drain the swamp' but will meet with such resistance and sabotage in every form imaginable from simple refusal to obey orders and procrastination to assassination attempts, terrorist acts or even on up to starting World War Three before he gets to set up in the Oval Office. It should not be forgotten that the NWO has been relentlessly tightening its grip on every aspect of the US power structure, including the mass media and Hollywood, since George Bush Senior became president and over the last ten or so years have got 'their people' in the corridors of power and in all the MSN in Europe too and now, if they suddenly face the possibility of losing it all, they are not going to let that happen quietly. As I write, demonstrations, apparently organized and funded by Georges Soros , one of the most sinister and powerful NWO rulers, are taking place in many American towns and cities. If Trump is genuine, people such as Soros, The Rockefellers, the entire Neo-con clan to name but a few, are now absolutely seething, maybe panicking but certainly plotting how to get their world domination plans back on track and they will stop at nothing. It could be a very unusual and maybe long two months to the 20 th of January 2017. 
In his victory speech Trump talked about dreaming big so let's dream big now about just exactly how far this could go. 
It wasn't until the end of a day absorbing the fact that he had actually won that I realised, with some horror, just how deeply I had become used to the idea of a looming third world war which would probably be nuclear. I had just slowly but surely, day after day, over the last three years become accustomed to that nightmare. As I went to bed I saw that this nightmare had considerably receded due to Trump's victory. Had Clinton won, I was down the visa center the very next day and on the first plane back to Russia because if I'm going to die or contribute to the struggle in any way then it must be, before God, on the side of righteousness and that is not, unfortunately, the side the rulers of my home country have chosen to take. It is the west that is entirely responsible for the current tensions with Russia. If Russia is guilty of anything it is not having resisted the creeping but relentlessly approaching attack, earlier and more forcefully. Yes; it really is that black and white! It really is that simple! It seems that the ruling elites behind Clinton were-are actually preparing for a nuclear war with Russia. If Trump is true to his word and he finds the way to pass to action (massive purging of the CIA and much of the Pentagon will be needed) he will simply stop the drive to WW3 just as Putin and his ministers have found the way to avoid or postpone it over the last three years without giving in on vital issues such as Crimea or Syria falling to ISIS. What greater dream could any conscious person have than the possibility to avoid what would be by far the most destructive war in history. 
We should not forget that the default setting of human beings, as with all other gregarious organisms on this planet is to build basic common good, to cooperate with each other and make their lives easier, more comfortable and more prosperous than the day before or the year before. Left to their own devices this is what people always do. There are quarrels for sure and bickering but massively destructive wars are very rare or non existent in nature of which we are a part. It therefore becomes clear that if recent human history has been constantly blighted by ever more destructive, massive conflicts, this is being manipulated by something or someone. Everyone can see that Russia and the western world have every interest in cooperating with each other and no rational reason to fight each other. The NWO order plans to dismember Russia into smaller compliant states having her natural resources controlled by their small pool of multinational corporations. Then it plans to move on to China and do the same. For that it needs to have western public behind that drive hence the press is enlisted to tell the NWO subjects what to think! Once they get control of Russia and China, then they turn on their own citizens and proceed to the micro-chipped enslavement of humanity. Many commentators believe that if they are thwarted in these endevours, they would prefer to destroy the planet rather than face defeat. Ridiculous? Wild scare mongering? I hope so but the rapid developments in international affairs over the last five years don't allow me to dismiss out of hand such extreme interpretations, unfortunately. 
Let us remember that whenever quizzed by the hostile MSM Trump repeatedly asked; why can't we have a world where Russia, China and the USA all get along and cooperate. Many, so many, have posed the same question on social media, alternative media and at home, in pubs, restaurants, parks, sports clubs and wherever. Donald Trump could make this come about and only him because IT IS THE WEST and ABOVE ALL The USA, not Russia, China, Iran or Easter Island or anywhere else which is seeking world domination and maybe leading us to Armageddon. Russia and China have been asking for and waiting for nothing other than mutually advantageous cooperation for the last twenty five years or so. Whether Donald Trump actually manages to bring such peace and cooperation to fruition or whether he fails or is checkmated by the foe, whether he turns out to be a fraud, (like so many before him) who will betray those who voted for him and the rest of us outside the US who have to put our trust in him or whether some other event will prevent him from fulfilling his plans and dreams or indeed propel him towards fulfilling them, we cannot yet know but only a short amount of time will tell. 
For now, as I stated above, I choose trust my intuition, to take Donald Trump at face value and wish him every possible success as the forty fifth President of The United States of America. May God be with him and all who work with him because he and they will certainly need divine inspiration and guidance! The stakes for mankind have never been higher! In the meantime; however this plays out, The New World Order globalist agenda, as well as its control of the media and the falsehood of its current totalitarian control false dogmas; 'political correctness' in the west and 'Islamic fundamentalism' in the Muslim world are more exposed and understood by 'we the people' for what they really are than at any time in history and that can only before the common good! 
Marcus Godwyn is the British musician and amateur essayist. RELATED POSTS

ARTICLE

* Blue: SGR (dashed lines indicate the possibility to expand to Kisangani) * Dark Green: Kenya-Tanzania interconnection * Pink: Central Corridor * Light Green: TAZARA 
The above map demonstrates the integral role that the East African Community (which has plans to one day integrate into the East African Federation) plays in future north-south TFTA economic integration, with it being visibly obvious that the marked transport corridors are absolutely essentially for connecting the Mediterranean Sea coast of Egypt to the Southern Ocean shores of South Africa. It should be remarked that the map doesn't show that TAZARA also indirectly connects to Zimbabwe via the Livingstone border crossing, and thenceforth the freight that's passing along it has the possibility to travel onwards to the South Africa-central railway network that integrates most of the Southern Cone. Therefore, should the above-listed projects become fully completed as planned, the only additional construction that would then have to be undertaken is the modernization of the TAZARA and some of its Southern Cone-related networks and the creation of a reliable Egypt-Sudan rail link to South Sudan and Ethiopia. 
Towards An East-West Interconnection: 
As important as this eventual bidirectional transport route might prospectively become, it's useful to speak about the possibility of expanding it to become an historically unprecedented bicoastal network between the Indian and Atlantic Oceans. To recall the first map that was presented in this part of the study, there are basically five regions in Africa which have their own existing or possible (as in the case of the DRC) leader: 
The envisioned north-south connectivity of the TFTA only integrates three of them – Egypt, Ethiopia, and South Africa, while leaving much of the DRC's potential outside of the economic construct and completely avoiding Nigeria. Furthermore, while all of these leadership nodes could theoretically trade with one another via maritime routes, it would be much more efficient if they were also tied together via mainland rail-based ones as well, particularly if this could ever pan out with Ethiopia and Nigeria. Regretfully, however, the Failed State Belt of South Sudan and the Central African Republic indefinitely precludes this from becoming a reality, so the next best alternative in the medium-term is to connect Ethiopia with the emerging economic powers and sub-regional leaders of Tanzania and Angola. The former could be accomplished via the earlier-examined transport network taking root in the East African Community, but there's yet to be any discussed possibility of doing so with the latter, nor any viably proposed solution for integrating the DRC into the larger framework. As for establishing a mainland corridor between Nigeria and Angola, there's no pressing motivation to do so because the Atlantic Coastal space between them isn't worth the economic investment due to its very small cumulative market size (roughly 6.5 million people), the challenging jungled terrain, the concentration of internationally-coveted resources along the coast, and the fact that existing maritime access routes are cost-efficient and work quite well. 
The author has carefully observed that it's not impossible to accomplish the logistical-transport goal of linking Ethiopia and Tanzania with the Atlantic and that the solution lies in the improvisation of two additional transport corridors – one through the DRC and along the Congo River, and the other as a rail route branching off from TAZARA and connecting to Angola. Concerning the first proposal, it's possible to ship goods down the Congo River from Kisangani, which would become even more important and practical if the city were to one day become connected to Kenya's SGR project. From the capital of Kinshasa, after having picked up various resources along the way, it's just another short rail trip to Matadi and beyond the Congo's unpassable rapids in order to reach the Atlantic Coast. As it relates to Angola, TAZARA can either be linked to Katanga Province's existing but highly dilapidated rail network or pass through the Barotseland region of western Zambia via the Northwest Railway Project in order to reach the Angolan DRC-bordering rail terminal of Luau. The Benguela Railroad that was recently refurbished with Chinese assistance connects this city to the Atlantic port of Lobito and also has the possibility of integrating with the DRC if Katanga's nearby railroads were ever modernized and the relevant ones put back online. 
The Angola-TAZARA possible connections via the Northwest Railway Project and the suggested route through Katanga Province are conceptualized in the map below alongside the proposed Congo River transport corridor: 
* Light Blue: Congo River Route * Grey: TAZARA-Benguela linkup via the Northwest Railway Project and transit through Katanga Province. 
This last map signifies the Chinese Silk Road vision for Africa and will form the guiding basis for the rest of the author's study into the US' Hybrid War plans for sabotaging this transoceanic network. Having acquired an appreciation for Beijing's plans throughout the continent, it's now relevant to remind the reader of the earlier concept that was expressed about the trilateral threat that conflicts in Burundi, Katanga Province, and Malawi may pose for the viability of the 'Transoceanic African Corridor'. Should one, two, or all three of these erupt into large-scale violence, then it might create enough military-strategic complications that they essentially divide the TFTA into two separate north-south zones as well: 
* Red: TFTA * Black: Potential Conflict Zones * Arrows: Expected Destabilization Trajectories 
Factoring in the existing violence in South Sudan which renders the LAPSSET and SGR projects there unfeasible for the time being, it's clear to see that China's far-reaching plans face a formidable challenge in application. Even in the event that only partial segments of LAPSSET, SGR, and the Central Corridor are created, that would still be an impressive victory for the Asian Great Power because the two anchor economies of Kenya and Tanzania are important enough in their own right to warrant the investments and risk involved. Still, it would be most preferable for more of the network than that to be created, especially as it provides the most surefire guarantee of the region's multipolar sovereignty and the greatest promise of liberating the rest of Africa from direct unipolar influence. 
Before progressing to the book's first African regional analysis, it's worthwhile to revisit the order of research and recall exactly what's being studied. It's already been established from the most recent maps why the Hybrid War threats in the Horn of Africa, East Africa, and Central-Southern Africa are being investigated, but as for Nigeria, the sheer size of Africa's largest economy means that it's impossible to exclude despite the existence of the Failed State Belt indefinitely preventing the emergence of a reliable Ethiopia-Nigeria mainland route. Additionally, because of Nigeria's inclusion into the work, it's thereby also necessary to address the Hybrid War threats related to its most relevant Nigerien, Chadian, and Cameroonian neighbors, especially seeing as how they're all facing the same Boko Haram foe. 
To remind the reader of the particular category that each country falls into and which section of the research it'll be addressed in, it's useful to revisit the map from the beginning of the introduction: 
* Green – Horn of Africa * Yellow – East Africa/East African Federation * Blue – Central-Southern Africa * Black – Failed State Belt * Red – Lake Chad Region * Hashed/Thatched Lines – countries that will inevitably become involved in the targeted category states' Hybrid War destabilization, whether as an aggressive actor, a passive victim, or a blended mix thereof. 
Going forward, the research will proceed with the order that the map's key was presented in, meaning that the Horn of Africa will be examined first and the Lake Chad Region will be covered last. Each categorized section may focus either on the region in general or be split up into various parts that more comprehensively study some or all of the affiliated countries. 
The style will vary depending on what the author thinks is necessary to properly convey the pertinent points in mind, so the reader is advised not to hold any particular expectations about formatting and length. Country studies will undoubtedly be commenced, but it's unlikely that they will be done on as comprehensive of a scale as the ones for ASEAN. The justification for this difference is seen by all of the Southeast Asian states' heightened economic importance in the global economy and their premier geopolitical importance in occupying the strategic space between China and India's overlapping spheres of interests, as well as their 'gatekeeper' status in controlling mainland and maritime access to the Indian and Pacific Oceans. 
Having explained that, the forthcoming African analyses aim to fully address all the Hybrid War threats facing each specific country and their general region, thereby preemptively exposing the various mechanisms that the US can exploit and hopefully giving the targeted populations and their governments enough time to prepare adequate countermeasures in response. 
To be continued… 
Andrew Korybko is the American political commentator currently working for the Sputnik agency. He is the author of the monograph “ Hybrid Wars: The Indirect Adaptive Approach To Regime Change ” (2015). This text will be included into his forthcoming book on the theory of Hybrid Warfare. 
PREVIOUS CHAPTERS:

ARTICLE

The Others' Alliances , Balkans , Hybrid Wars By Andrew KORYBKO (USA) We are publishing the exclusive English source of the interview given by the American political analyst Andrew Korybko to the Macedonian NetPress agency. He speaks about the forthcoming early parliamentary elections to be held in Macedonia on 11 December 2016 which are likely to be won by the ruling VMRO party of Nikola Gruevski, the effective defeat and demoralization of the globalist agents in the Balkans, and geoeconomic implications of the new political landscape in the region: 
Less than one month before the early parliamentary elections in Macedonia, the polls indicate a clear victory for the ruling party of VMRO-DPMNE lead by Nikola Gruevski. This on the other hand represents a mayor failure for the Western elements and their NGO/media machinery that in the past 2 years have been trying to overthrow the democratically elected Macedonian government together with the opposition lead by SDSMs Zoran Zaev, using methods such as Color Revolutions, public broadcasting of illegally wiretapped conversations, violent opposition protests, terrorist attacks, the formation of the so-called 'special' prosecution, fabricating false scandals with alleged phantom voters and fake IDs, etc. What can we expect to be happening in Macedonia ahead of after the 11 December elections? 
It's clear that VMRO will be handed a resounding victory by the people, but voters still need to go to the polls in order to make this the largest success that it can be and give Gruevski the unquestionable mandate that he will need to govern the post-crisis country. All surveys indicate that this will be the case, but people mustn't become apathetic and assume that it'll be a landslide just because everyone else is supposedly going to vote and instead choose to stay home. Everyone needs to go to the polls and make this election the crowning achievement of the patriotic counter-Color Revolution movement. If VMRO can clinch an overwhelming majority of the votes, then the rest of the world will see once and for all that the people have spoken and democratically expressed both their support for the legitimate government and their rejection of the Western-orchestrated Color Revolution. Nikola Gruevski 
In the run-up to the vote, there were clear signs that efforts were made by SDSM to unite the opposition into a solid bloc, but this failed because nobody really trusts Zaev. If a man will betray the entire country by becoming the figurehead of a Western regime change operation, then he'll surely sell out any of his 'political allies' if given the opportune chance to do so. Most patriotic opposition members recognize this and thus don't want to contaminate their political brand, which is why the effort has thus far been a failure. Similarly, Zaev's shameless pandering to Albanian voters has also been a dud. The demographic is aware that they're being exploited, and while some admittedly find it flattering, many of them don't want to be part of his international political games and know that the doesn't truly have their best interests at heart. 
By and large, there's no reason to second guess that VMRO and Gruevski are headed for an historic win in this election. Should this come to pass as expected, then Macedonians can look forward to a new era of stability and prosperity, with their country working equally with the West and East (Russia, China, BRICS) in order to maximize its geostrategic position as the prime infrastructural gateway to Europe. Russia is moving ahead with the Balkan Stream gas pipeline while China is making progress on the Balkan Silk Road high-speed rail system which will eventually link Budapest to Piraeus. Western investment, while having likely been impacted to an extent by the manufactured political crisis, hasn't fled the country like it ordinarily would have in many other cases. Businessmen understand that Macedonia is growing and is an attractive place to set up shop because of its irreplaceable mainland location at the civilizational crossroads of Afro-Eurasia. 
All of this is indeed possible so long as the US pulls back from its recent history of destabilizing the Republic of Macedonia. Washington and its conspirators have already been beaten back twice – something which no other country has managed to do – and are slated for at third defeat during the December elections. The US' behavior during this time will be contingent on how it's 'deep state' (the permanent military, intelligence, and diplomatic bureaucracies) decides to response. The US is undergoing the most transformational phased regime change event that it has ever experienced in history with Obama's government giving way to President-elect Trump's, so it remains to be seen if the 'deep state's' subjectively determined cost-benefit calculation will continue to lean in favor of asymmetrical destabilization. 
A reasonably confident argument can be made that won't. Commencing yet another wave of failed Color Revolutions would be a waste of time, money, and resources if Trump simply decides to stop it once he enters office. On the other hand, Obama and his neoconservative 'deep state' backers might be conspiratorially vengeful enough that they'd want to sabotage Trump's incoming presidency by forcing him to inherit a legacy of conflict. Even if that's the case, however, it doesn't seem likely that this would succeed, since it's obvious to all observers that the Macedonian people have repeatedly proven that all foreign-concocted plots against their statehood are determined to fail. Because of this, the US probably won't opt to continue with this failed plan any longer, and will attempt to 'save face' by recognizing VMRO and Gruevski's imminent victory, hoping that this can allow them to earn back some of the goodwill that they needlessly squandered over the years. 
Seen from this perspective, one can definitely conclude that the western sponsored wing together with their patrons, failed in Macedonia big time. What are the main factors that according to you helped Macedonia deal with these foreign sponsored crises, which can be used as an example for other countries that are or will be fighting these kinds of Western sponsored crises? 
Macedonians were able to withstand and repel the US' Hybrid War pressure because they came to master the art of what I call the Resistance Circle, which is a counter-Color Revolution innovation which must absolutely be applied to all countries that are experiencing this form of aggression. Here's an illustration of this concept, and then I'll explain what each part of it means in practice: Media: 
Macedonians were already an educated and aware even before the Hybrid War started, and this can be attributed to the prevalence of patriotic media outlets in the country, both mainstream and alternative. They kept the public informed of the US' various regime change machinations across the world before Washington inevitably came to victimizing their homeland. Once the destabilization began, the media kept the people up to date on what was really going on and the larger forward-looking reasons behind it, which had the effect of heightening the already strong sense of patriotism that most Macedonians feel. Patriotism: 
Macedonian patriots formed the core of the counter-Color Revolution movement. They were inspired by the media and what they saw happening all around them and conveyed the extent of the regime change plot to the rest of their fellow citizens. They knew that this wasn't just an operation targeting Gruevski personally, but a far-reaching scheme that affects all Macedonians through its goals of changing the constitutional name, 'federalizing' (internally partitioning) the country, and thus advancing a dangerous and treasonous scenario which could result in the dismantlement of Macedonia's hard-fought statehood. Organizing: 
The patriots utilized reverse-Color Revolution technology by applying some 'traditional' models of large-scale crowd organizing through their skillful employment of social media and allied NGOS. This produced attention-grabbing demonstrations in support of the government and culminated most spectacularly in the May 2015 demonstrations that decisively dealt a death blow to the first failed Color Revolution. The external manifestation of the Macedonian people's patriotism and their backing of the democratically elected and legitimate government sent a powerful normative message all across the world, especially since it came on the heels of Zaev's comparably much smaller rally. International Networking: 
Macedonia's patriots networked with foreign friends and journalists to spread the truth about the regime change operation underway in their country, particularly relying on the influential power of Russian mass media, experts, and think tanks to champion their resistance. 
This propelled heavy alternative media coverage of the events and put pressure on the plotters by exposing their links with the US and Soros, thus discrediting the false narrative that this was an 'indigenous democratic uprising' and revealing it as the Western Color Revolution that it always was. 
At this point, the multipolar media coverage, analysis, and investigations into the unrest were channeled back into Macedonia's patriotic mainstream and alternative media outlets for domestic consumption, which fuelled the patriotism and encouraged even more counter-Color Revolution demonstrations and related activity. 
It's quite interesting to see the shock of the fifth column in Macedonia after Donald Trump won the USA elections, which was quite similar to their reaction to the Brexit as well. Why is there such despair among the Western mercenaries in Macedonia and what does Trump's victory mean for the Western-sponsored crises and Color revolutions elsewhere? 
The reason why they're so upset is because they realize that Trump's election will likely herald in a sea change of American policy in some (operative word) vectors, notably how it relates to Soros and Color Revolutions . Trump's campaign team and alternative media surrogates such as Breitbart made a point of emphasizing the disruptive role that Soros has been playing in the US, such as shedding light on his support for pro-Clinton Super PACs, funding the urban extremist group known as 'Black Lives Matter', and even indirectly being connected to some electronic voting machine companies. In fact, one of the least-discussed but most important aspects of Trump's election is how it affects Soros and his worldwide network now that the billionaire Color Revolution financier's chief foe will be in the Oval Office. Trump and his base are antipathetic to Soros in all ways, even more so nowadays because of the shadowy figure's role in organizing the nationwide riots against the President-elect. To put it bluntly, Soros has declared war on Trump, and the incoming President is expected to push back in all ways in order to safeguard his Presidency. 
There's a lot that can be written about the dynamics of this struggle and the widespread influence that Soros commands among The Establishment and its 'academia', pop culture, media, and social elites, but explaining all of that would require a lot more time and a broader scope than is presently available. How all of this relates to the Balkans, and specifically to Macedonia, is rather simple, in fact. Soros, preoccupied with tackling Trump, will probably direct a lot less time and energy towards his traditional stomping grounds, especially considering that he's already failed two times in trying to topple the Macedonian government. Furthermore, Soros won't have the incoming Trump Administration's foreign policy and covert support to back him up. Remember, Trump disdains Soros, and the feeling is mutual. They're not going to cooperate on any major schemes together, or at least not right away, but here's where the possible scenarios get rather interesting. Trump and Soros want to destroy one another, but it's possible that they could reach a 'ceasefire' arrangement between themselves in putting their mutual differences aside and focusing on areas of 'shared interest'. 
What this means in practice is that the neoconservative elements of the American 'deep state' (the permanent military, intelligence, and diplomatic bureaucracies) might be able to influence Trump and his team to the point where they come to appreciate the covert foreign policy utility of the worldwide Soros network. If this happens, and provided that Soros is on the retreat due to the Trump Administration's relentless hounding of him, then it's possible for the President to reach a deal with the Color Revolution architect whereby Soros would stop or lessen his anti-Trump attacks in exchange for the new American government being able to utilize his global regime change 'services' again. On the other hand, however, it's also possible that Trump defeats Soros and takes over his organization, investing time and resources to 'retool' it from a 'far-left/hyper-liberal' group to something more aligned with the global conservative and 'right-wing' zeitgeist in order to make it more attractive and operationally effective in this day and age. It's still too early to tell which way things may or may not go, but these are reasonable ideas to countenance given the existing state of affairs. 
The point in bringing this all up is to emphasize the very real split between Soros and his American governmental facilitators/criminals-in-arms. Trump's Administration will be the first time when the US won't blindly support Soros in all of his endeavors, and is ironically one of the mastermind's targets this time around. This paramount asymmetrical conflict can't help but interfere with Soros' other operations all across the world, which, to get back to answering the main part of the question, is why the fifth column is so distraught at Trump's victory. They also know that the 'politically incorrect' President-elect doesn't support their wild post-modern 'liberal' views such as attacking conservative societies through the weaponization of homosexuality and destabilizing their centuries-old value systems. It's indeed possible that Trump might be convinced by the CIA and some other 'deep state' actors to tolerate the mild continuance of this campaign in some key geostrategic states, but seeing as how it's so spectacularly failed in Macedonia, the Balkan country probably won't be a top priority for him like it was for Obama. 
Iran, however, will be, since several high-profile voices around Trump and a few of the people who he's rumored to be considering for crucial Cabinet positions have openly declared that the US must foment regime change in the Islamic Republic, but of course, the specifics of this could be discussed at another time. It's just important to know that Color Revolutions won't become an outdated weapon of the past just because of the Trump-Soros War, and everyone should always remember that the President of the US is still the leader of the world's pioneer in unconventional destabilizations. The US still wants to retain and strengthen its hegemony, but Trump and his team feel that some fundamental tweaking must be made to the system in order for it to become much more effective. Most of the substance will remain the same, but it's just that some of the style will change. I explored some of the details pertaining to this in my Sputnik article titled ' Here's What Trump's Foreign Policy Will Look Like ', and I welcome all interested readers to check it out if they want to have a more comprehensive forecast about the future nature of American behavior abroad. 
I must say, however, that no one should get their hopes up that Trump's rule will herald in the US' retreat from abroad – he's been very clear from the start that his guiding mantra is 'America First', and while opposed to some of Obama's foreign policy platforms, he'll probably end up retaining some of them even if he rebrands them with his own style. He's a pragmatic businessman who knows how to make deals, which is why the Great Powers of Russia and China have cautiously optimistic hopes that he'll usher in a period (however brief) of New Détente in the New Cold War, but just because Trump might ease up the US' pressure on one or both of these Eurasian anchors doesn't mean that he won't up the ante against Iran, Pakistan, and perhaps some other unforeseen targets of Washington's wrath. 
Greek diplomatic sources have briefed Greek media that the implementation of the Turkish stream is now moving faster than expected and the projections are that the construction will begin this year, while ending in 2019. Some information says that Gazprom and the EC are now getting close to agreement. What does your information say? 
I don't have any exclusive information about this project, but my analysis about its progress is that things have been moving along quite well ever since the game-changing Russian-Turkish rapprochement over the summer, which, to remind everyone, was the reason why the US hastened to clumsily arrange a failed coup attempt against President Erdogan. I discussed the specifics of this more thoroughly in my Oriental Review article about ' Reassessing The Reasons For The Failed Turkish Coup Attempt ', and just like with my Sputnik piece which I reference in my last answer, this article might also be interesting for some readers to go through if they have the time and inclination to do so. I bring up the failed pro-US coup attempt in Turkey because it was hatched with the motivation of reversing the strategic gains that Russia and Turkey were poised to make, one of which is obviously Balkan Stream. 
With Ankara back on board with this Russian megaproject, the only other actor left which needs to fall in line is the EU, which – regardless of its US-ordered and politically driven rhetoric – desperately needs to secure reliable energy sources in the future, and will more than likely end up reaching some agreement with Russia around the time that the first part of the pipeline is completed. The anti-Russian sanctions regime has been cracking for the past year and many Eastern European countries want to ease the restrictions and work with their Russian partners in order to spearhead creative workarounds that would be mutually beneficial for both sides. Sooner or later, the EU will probably give in to its natural self-interested desire to restore relations with Russia and end up hashing out a deal for Balkan Stream. The major impediment to this, however, will remain the Third Energy Package, which Bulgaria clung to as its excuse two years ago in pathetically pretending that it was just 'following the law' and wasn't under any American pressure to obstruct South Stream. 
This totalitarian piece of legislation decrees that a company is not allowed to own both the pipeline and the gas which transits through it. Gazprom argued that this law entered into effect after it had already concluded negotiations on the project and should thus be exempt from its restrictions, but the EU didn't accept this and said that the Russian company must 'play by the rules'. Since Bulgaria was supposed to be the terminal point for the project and the first EU country through which South Stream was planned to pass, it took the vanguard role in stopping the pipeline and thus sacrificed billions of dollars of transit revenue as a result. The same problem could predictably repeat itself with Greece, but I think that Russia preparing a handful of possible solutions for dealing with this. The most realistic one would be to partner up with trusted companies and jointly own either all of the pipeline or each national section that it's supposed to transit through, even if Gazprom gets 49% and its ally has a 51% controlling stake. 
Since Balkan Stream will pass through a bunch of countries, it's more realistic for each leg to be jointly owned by a different national partner, so for example, this could be DEPA in Greece, just like it's Botas for Turkey. The model of working with individual partner companies in each transit state could be replicated all throughout the line's forecasted route, but the liability is that unexpected disputes with one or another partner could lead to downstream disruptions if a national actor decided to 'pull a Ukraine', though there's nothing at this time to suggest that such a scenario will happen. Likewise, being overly dependent on one or two major regional companies which could jointly operate the entire line with Russia could create a situation where the said company feels overly empowered and tries to push Russia around one day (whether on its own initiative or under pressure from the US). Therefore, having multipole stakeholders all along the route could ironically be a much more stable alternative because it means that everyone else would put pressure on the disruptive actor in the event that they 'go rogue' and do the US geostrategic bidding. 
What we need to look forward to now is the business diplomacy that will inevitably commence sometime in the future and monitor this to the best of our abilities in order to get a clearer picture of Balkan Stream's technical-administrative aspects. Gazprom will obviously look to enter into deals with its partners in order to get around the Third Energy Package, but knowing the Russian giant, it'll probably conduct a lot of these in secret in order to keep the details under wraps so it might be difficult to find out what's really happening. This is why it's so useful to use models such as the joint ownership one which I just explained in order to have an initial framework for testing hypotheses and seeing how well they correlate to the unfolding reality. I don't have any idea about the timeframe for these negotiations, but it's safe to say that the ones with Greece will definitely be concluded by the time that the first part of the pipeline is completed with Turkey, and Russia might also by that time line up agreements with Macedonia, Serbia, and Hungary in order to move as fast as possible from that point onwards in pairing Balkan Stream's logical northwards expansion with China's Balkan Silk Road high-speed rail project. 
Andrew Korybko is the American political commentator currently working for the Sputnik agency. He is the author of the monograph ' Hybrid Wars: The Indirect Adaptive Approach To Regime Change ' (2015). RELATED POSTS

ARTICLE

Please read Introduction, Part IA and I B before this chapter. 
The Horn of Africa has the second most globally geostrategic location on the continent behind North Africa, straddling the commercially vital Red Sea and providing international access to the world's fastest-growing economy of Ethiopia. In this sense, the coastal states acquire a dual maritime and mainland importance through which their territories can be simultaneously used to exert influence along the waterway and the regional interior. Furthermore, as it relates to the Red Sea, this body of water occupies a crucial role in China's grand strategy because it serves as the most geographically convenient route for facilitating the transit of goods between the East Asian state and the EU, which is particularly expected to climb with the completion of the Balkan Silk Road in a few years' time. Due to the importance that China places on the One Belt One Road grand strategy and the need that it has for maintaining and strengthening its overseas markets (especially the large and ever-promising EU one) in order to sustain domestic stability and long-term growth, it logically has an inherent interest in preserving stability in the Horn of Africa so as to safeguard its Sea Line of Communication (SLOC) to Europe. For similar reasons, it also wants to tap into the allied Ethiopian economy and assist in the maximization of its potential so as to acquire a strategic presence there that allows it to deepen its presence further inland into the continent's resource-rich interior. 
It should be no surprise then that the Horn of Africa is the focal point of international military attention, as evidenced by the previous part of the research which described the vast array of foreign non-African military bases in Djibouti, the recent GCC presence in Eritrea, and the Turkish and Emirati plans for building a base in Somalia. Quite naturally and in accordance with its obvious interests, China is opening its first overseas military base in Djibouti in order take advantage of the country's dual role in exercising maritime and mainland influence. It's clear how and why the tiny coastal state can be used by Beijing for flexing its maritime muscles, but it's less obvious how it plans to do this in the opposite mainland direction. It's therefore relevant to recall the Ethiopia-Djibouti Railway that China is building between the coastal city and the inland capital, since this large-scale infrastructure project will serve as the umbilical cord between the Chinese and Ethiopian economies and also allow the later to finally and reliably access the global market in general. Moreover, the connective vision that China is pursuing is complemented by the Kenyan-originating LAPSSET project that it's also helping to finance , which eventually plans to connect Addis Ababa with the Indian Ocean port of Lamu by rail . Suffice to say, the completion of both transnational railways and the Djibouti-based military facility will catapult China into being the most influential country in the Horn of Africa region, although this seemingly inevitable reality will expectedly be opposed by the US using the methods of Hybrid War. 
This part of the research therefore endeavors to explain all of the ways in which the US could apply Hybrid War strategy in order to conceivably offset China's grand designs in the Horn of Africa region. It begins by offering a general overview of regional relations that sets the appropriate context for deeper analysis. After having established the state of affairs and provided a solid understanding of each examined countries' interactions with the other, the second portion of the work then delves into a summary of these states' strategic situations, focusing primarily on their most influential determinants. Finally, the last part of the regional study looks at the most realistic Hybrid War scenarios that the US could possibly provoke against China's Horn of Africa interests. Thorny Relations In The Horn 
The four states that occupy the Horn of Africa region – Eritrea, Ethiopia, Djibouti, and Somalia – don't all have pristine relations with one another, with the most obvious problems being between Eritrea & Somalia on one side and Ethiopia on the other. 
Ethiopia-Eritrea 
To explain the reason behind the abysmal relations between these two states, it's necessary to begin by talking about Eritrea's bloody three-decade-long secessionist war against Ethiopia which only ended in 1993. The roots of the conflict are many, but they can be summarized as starting during the imperial period when the Kingdom of Italy annexed Eritrea from the larger civilization-state of Abyssinia in 1890, thenceforth giving it a sense of identity separateness from Ethiopia and planting the seeds for future conflict after the two entities were reunified following the end of World War II. Addis Ababa's unilateral 1962 abolishment of the ten-year-old Federation of Ethiopia and Eritrea sparked the separatist war that raged throughout the proceeding decades, and even after independence, the two countries remained at tense odds with one another over the expectation that there would eventually be a continuation war sometime in the future. 
This came to pass from 1998-2000, and despite ending in what has been described as a lingering stalemate , it killed over one hundred thousand people and undermined the economic development potential of these two dramatically impoverished states. In the years since, Ethiopia and Eritrea have still remained each other's primary nemesis, with the two sides regularly accusing the other of attempting to subvert its stability and supporting various anti-government forces. Just like in the immediate years after independence, there still exists the very real possibility today that the two countries will go to war with one another at a moment's notice, and this atmosphere of heightened militant tension is the most destabilizing interstate factor in the Horn of Africa. In fact, it will later be argued that this situation is being exploited by the out-of-regional powers inside the GCC as a means of acquiring leverage over Ethiopia and potentially pushing Eritrea into instigating a renewed round of debilitating violence. 
Ethiopia-Somalia 
Although not as bad as its ties with Eritrea, Ethiopia's relations with Somalia are objectively pretty poor. Granted, on the surface of things there is positive and pragmatic interaction between both states at the government-to-government level, but the primary issue between them has always been the enticing idea of 'Greater Somalia' that has captivated some Somalians on both sides of the border and even led to the Ogaden War between 1977-1978. This conflict is notable as being the last conventional attempt to create 'Greater Somalia' and also as being the only time when the Soviets and Americans switched sides during a proxy war. The issue was over the status of Somalians in Ethiopia's sparsely populated eastern region which has now been revealed to be rich i n oil and natural gas deposits, with Addis Ababa claiming that this is an integral part of Ethiopia's territory and a native people to the multiethnic country while Mogadishu and Somalian nationalists assert that it's an occupied region whose people must be united with their namesake nation-state. While Somalia has no realistic means of ever reattempting another Ogaden land grab anytime again in the foreseeable future, the appeal of Somalian nationalism is dangerous for Ethiopia and can easily be used by the US and others in order to engineer destabilization inside of Africa's second-most populous country. 
Complicating matters even further is Ethiopia's 2006 anti-terrorist intervention in Somalia which aimed to overthrow the extremist Islamic Courts Union (ICU) that had seized control of most of the country. Covertly supported and egged on by the US, Ethiopia invaded its neighbor and succeeded in expelling the militia from the capital, however its subsequent three-year occupation of the country generated a lot of hostility against it and led to a surge in Somalian nationalism. This in turn was taken advantage of by Al Shabaab, an Al Qaeda- and Daesh-linked terrorist group that grew out of the ICU's youth wing, which blended anti-Ethiopian sentiment, Somalian nationalism, and Islamic extremism in creating a lethal cocktail of hate that has made the group one of the most feared in all of Africa. The Somalian government's inability to appropriately combat Al Shabaab and the sympathy that misguided Somalians (especially the youth) have to the organization's twisted message has made it a major regional threat which has the very real potential of actively causing chaos inside of Ethiopia's Somali Region (formerly called Ogaden). In response, the authorities have been compelled to implement harsh security measures as an anti-terrorist precaution to any Daesh-like attempts to create a transnational territorially administered 'Islamic State' within the region, though this has had the inadvertent effect of drawing the ire of some Somali locals and cyclically leading to the same type of anti-government attitudes that Addis Ababa has sought to avoid. 
Ethiopia-Djibouti 
Perhaps the most fruitful and positive relationship in the region is between Ethiopia and its northern Djiboutian neighbor. Demographically and geographically mismatched, the two are inherently tied to one another due to regional circumstances. Ethiopia lost all of its coastal territory with Eritrea's independence and thereafter became a landlocked state, and the sky-high tensions between it and its former province have precluded any possibility of pragmatic economic cooperation. Similarly, because of the anarchic instability and terrorist threat in Somalia, Ethiopia has been unable to use its territory in acquiring reliable access to the sea (although it has made some positive steps in this direction with the autonomous self-proclaimed and de-facto independent state of Somaliland via the port of Berbera). For the most part, Ethiopia's economic potential was bottled up inside the Horn of Africa interior and unable to reach the global markets, but China's visionary and proactive initiative in building the Ethiopia-Djibouti railroad changed all of that. The project essentially turned Djibouti into the ‘cork' which controls the flow of economic riches into the Ethiopian ‘bottle', making it a literal bottleneck state in pivotally opening up the massive economic possibilities of its southern neighbor. 
Along the same lines, however, this breakthrough infrastructure development means the tiny country is disproportionately important to Ethiopia and can be used indirectly as a means of destabilizing the much larger and expanding economy of former Abyssinia. Domestic disturbances such as Color Revolution unrest or possible Afar separatism in Djibouti could disrupt access to the railroad and indefinitely cut Ethiopia and its partners off from one another, thus making it totally dependent on the LAPSSET corridor to its south which runs through Oromo-populated territory and could quickly become a tantalizing target for ethnic-affiliated rebel and terrorist groups. With this in mind, it becomes even more apparent why China chose Djibouti as the location of its first overseas military base, since it's substantially easier to exert positive influence on small Djibouti in safeguarding the viability of its prized railroad investment than in doing so inside of Kenya or anywhere else, and plus, there's of course the added maritime advantage in being located on the Red Sea. As for how China could predictably protect its railroad, it might either employ the direct use of its military as hinted at in its first-ever 2015 white paper on military strategy in order to protect its foreign interests, or it could end up utilizing private military corporations (PMCs) to indirectly do this instead. 
The bottom line is that Djiboutian stability is absolutely integral for Ethiopia's strategic security, and it's for this reason that bilateral relations are extraordinarily close and will foreseeably remain so for the future. Djibouti benefits from this relationship by profiting off of its transit state status in facilitating access to and from the Ethiopian economy, so it has a vested self-interest in protecting the railroad as well. Therefore, it's expected that it would use its military forces to safeguard the line in the event of any domestic troubles, likely applying the training that they acquired from their Chinese counterparts inside the country and probably even doing so under the supervision of Chinese advisors as well. By functioning as Ethiopia's critical link to the outside world, Djibouti could also end up being targeted by Eritrea or by Somalian-based terrorist groups as a means of indirectly offsetting the regional hegemon, so this is of course a factor that must be considered. 
Eritrea-Djibouti 
In reference to the previous, Eritrea does not have positive relations with Djibouti and actually fought a brief border war with its neighbor in 2008. As per UN agreement, Qatar has deployed its troops to both countries in order to mediate the conflict and has remained in the region since 2010, presenting another factor of instability vis-à-vis Ethiopia which will be discussed later on. To continue with the state of bilateral relations between the two coastal countries, it's worthwhile to also mention that Eritrea has actually had problems with all of its neighbors, and this includes Sudan and Yemen (the latter via the Hanish Islands conflict ), which together demonstrates a distinct pattern of Eritrean behavior. Therefore, the 2008 conflict with Djibouti mustn't be seen in isolation, but rather as a continuation of long-standing Eritrean policy which regularly resorts to militant means to achieve its goals. It can't be discounted that Qatar and Eritrea might conspire together in supporting Al Shabaab attacks inside of Djibouti in order to inflict strategic harm on Ethiopia, since not only has the Gulf state been convincingly linked to the terrorist organization, but Eritrea is actually under UNSC sanctions for allegedly aiding it in the past (although the latest findings indicate that this relationship may no longer be in effect). Therefore, Eritrea's relations with Djibouti absolutely must be seen in the prism of its regional proxy war with Ethiopia which conceptualizes the neighboring state between them as a potential asymmetrical battleground. 
Djibouti-Somalia 
On the other side of things, Djibouti's relations with Somalia are warm and friendly, despite Mogadishu having no de-facto control over the bordering region with the autonomous and self-proclaimed independent state of Somaliland. While there isn't anything substantial to speak of in this regard, it's worthwhile mentioning the latent threat that non-state-actor-promoted militant Somali nationalism might pose to Djibouti (including the perverted version espoused by Al Shabaab). The country is mostly populated by the Issa clan, which itself is regarded as a subsect of the Somalis and thus places them within the within the purview of 'Greater Somalia'. While this ideal may have had some sway in the Cold War-era past and in the years before and immediately after the former French Somaliland's independence, it no longer has much of an appeal in Djibouti after Somalia descended into failed state status in 1991, although that isn't to say that there might not be some people who are still attracted to the romanticized version of this ideology. What's most threatening, however, isn't the possibility of passively sympathetic Djiboutians supporting 'Greater Somalia' slogans, but Al Shabaab and other terrorist groups violently targeting the country's nationals and infrastructure projects in order to ostensibly support this vision. 
The varied deployment of so many international non-African military forces in Djibouti makes it unlikely that the terrorists would succeed in inflicting long-term harm to the country or the Ethiopia-Djibouti railroad, but their extremist ideology and willingness to die for their cause makes them very dangerous and leads to the impossibility of discounting this scenario. Still, the relatively better policed and more closely administrated Somaliland region serves as a stop gap in inhibiting Al Shabaab's direct movement to Djibouti, although it's of course possible that the organization could infiltrate its coastal target through more conventional means such as covertly entering it by means of the world-famous port and under an assumed cover instead of illegally sneaking across the international border. In any case, the only relevant factor of Djiboutian-Somalian affairs that's applicable to the Hybrid War research is Al Shabaab and the ideology of 'Greater Somalia', neither of which are promoted at the state level but both of which could lead to serious problems for the targeted country. For this reason, the Djibouti-Somalia axis is the least relevant factor in the Horn of Africa's regional political arrangement, at least on the official level, although it does have the potential to unconventionally become a major destabilizing issue in the future among certain non-state actors. 
Eritrea-Somalia 
Just like Eritrea views Djibouti, it also holds the same proxy battleground mentality for Somalia as well. If the UNSC's suspicions about Eritrea's support of Al Shabaab are to be believed, then it's clear to see that Asmara is simply employing whatever tool it can get its hands on in order to destabilize Addis Ababa. Whether reckless or justified depending on one's political disposition, it's unmistakable that Eritrea's burning hate for Ethiopia has spread the proxy conflict between them from the joint border all the way to the Somalian frontier, thereby engulfing the region in this turmoil and turning their rivalry into the single most important driver of the Horn of Africa's geopolitical destabilizations. It's likely that the Eritrean leadership is no longer as close to Al Shabaab as it was suspected of being before, partly due to increased international stigma and awareness of this relationship, but that doesn't remove the fact that Asmara may have played a key role in the group's early development and consequently makes the country responsible to an extent for the organization's present existence and violent rise. 
Accordingly, the only logical way to view Eritrean-Somalian relations is through the prism of the greater Eritrean-Ethiopian proxy war in the region and the relative benefit that each respective actor gets from Somalia's stability or insecurity. With that being considered, it can be argued that Eritrea benefits more from Somalia's instability and the prevalence of militant non-state actors there (including Islamic-affiliated terrorists and 'Greater Somalia' nationalists) than it does if normalcy were to return to the country. The arrival of stability would preclude Somalian territory from ever again being used by Eritrea as an asymmetrical springboard against Ethiopia, and it would correspondingly limit Asmara's strategic flexibility in dealing with its larger and better equipped rival. Since Somalia is gradually becoming more stabilized over the past couple of years, Eritrea's strategy might shift from allegedly working with terrorist groups to harnessing its new yet unofficial GCC military partnership in order to make inroads with the autonomous and self-proclaimed de-facto independent state of Somaliland. The strategic fusion of Eritrean and GCC capabilities on Ethiopia's northeastern border might portend a more concerted destabilization sometime in the future, whether of an Islamic terrorist, 'Greater Somalian', or blended nature thereof. 
To be continued… 
Andrew Korybko is the American political commentator currently working for the Sputnik agency. He is the author of the monograph ' Hybrid Wars: The Indirect Adaptive Approach To Regime Change ' (2015). This text will be included into his forthcoming book on the theory of Hybrid Warfare. 
PREVIOUS CHAPTERS:

